Jul 2, 2014
Shovel Knight, One Finger Death Punch, Duck Tales
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/48031575, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yz5kTbI6Rt8
Part II: https:/www.twitch.tv/videos/48031311, https:/www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjtLnfEpwHQ
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/48031283, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kg9wv7rv2Pk
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/48527923, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1O-jXuhw9zA
Part V: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/48527796, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFm8nCb9NJg
3:19pm: "TONIGHT!! Duck Tails, Shovel Knight, and Katamari!!!! Rich, Jack and Jay... MAYBE EVEN JESSI!!!!!" (archive.vn/yxuza)
"We'll start around 7:00 tonight." (archive.vn/PwNOC)
"Shovel Knight, DuckTales Remastered With Rich, Jack and Jay....and MAYBE Katamari with Jessi." (archive.vn/wip/cinXC)

[Part I]
Oh No hello
I'm rich I'm Jack we're gonna play
shovel knight maybe maybe
what's their problem again oh I just
wanna you know before we actually
actually start I just want to do a quick
little audio check to make sure we're
not too crazy on the volume and the game
level will tell me you'll tell me if
we're too crazy on the volume we're
gonna start off Jay's not here yet
though we're gonna play ducktales
tonight because Jay really wanted to
play the ducktales but he's not here yet
he's seen a movie like the asshole that
is and so we're waiting framing before
that I really want to play shovel Knight
because I got my copy of shovel Knight
and I really wanna play Oh jack
yeah you have to remove skeletons
according to the check remove skeletons
already already already come on doesn't
take much no you gue fucks I have no
idea what we're gonna say he's seen a
movie I don't know he'll I don't know
he'll tell us when I get to I'm sure
okay this is my first time playing
shovel Knight I did back the Kickstarter
for shovel Knight because it looks
amazing this is my first time watching
shovel knight or Venegas there you go
you know I'm trying pop oh I can pop
this out like this so you can hear - oh
it's me that works
it's I'm ruff oh yeah we got a hunker
down and we got a remove skeleton okay
let's go start game
I'm so excited to play shovel knight you
guys more Jay on x-com Jay was never not
always gone Jay had a terrible time
during the X comes tribute I'm just
watching that game yeah yeah he's more
oh man how could anybody be bored from
XCOM he's not a gamer okay so we should
we need a name you should just be my
name should I be boring or should we do
something fun uh just something fun
okay guys what are we gonna do here name
suggestion we're waiting for you thread
chat oh yeah Jimmy Jim doesn't think
Jimmy dude about Mick Jim huh all right
can I add the mick
Jimmy I'll see if we're gonna have to
make this probably numbers probably not
gonna be room oh no no all right all
right Jimmy can they can get Jimmy Jim I
don't go back
oh no X it son thing oh yeah actually
actually I did be added back be erased
hey Lancer highway on highway on azusa's
we just didn't interview at Leon Labs is
this here we go Jimmy Jim got it done
some kind of Swedish something or other
oh man what is this what is the name of
Leon's website uh capiche capiche
capiche dot SE is that the Swedish I am
Not sure you tell us oh man here we go
shovel mother fuckin night long ago the
lands were untamed and roamed by
legendary adventurers of all heroes none
brighter than the shovel might and
shield night
but their travels together ended at the
Tower of fade when a cursed ambulance
brought a terrible magic oh how it this
is cool I think
oh no shield shield Knights gonna show
this villain how can you tell rich this
helmet is awesome this whole game looks
awesome Leon's website is I'm still
bitter you killed me last week asshole
that is he you did get him killed you
you basically throw them out there and
let him die when you you could have
easily have killed that that thin man
with a missile with a rocket and got
everybody out hmm but you wanted to go
for it yeah I went for it I got in there
oh my god strike here whoa oh this looks
great
this looks absolutely great I love you
shovel where she could shovel okay so by
the way there are two buttons there's
Joe and Mary shovel really that's it oh
yeah that's it and the directional
buttons and down is like a looks like a
so I guess I shovel that Oh me and I
shovel that yeah listen you can jump on
it too with a shovel
yeah if you press down after jumping oh
okay no bumps jump you do like a bounce
jump I'll shovel that okay okay okay I
was reading a reading about this boom
hope they respond we start again real s
classic and apparently this is as close
to a NES game as you can get they added
two extra colors it sure it's just two
knots it looks more colorful in general
but this is the rumor
well other other than just pay left I
wonder if it would Rania hardware-wise
there's something different I don't know
but all I know is I've said into players
and this is awesome
is it shovel shit checkpoint check mine
yep
can i shovel the grass no ok hey got a
check got a check these things oh you
know what else is odd about looking at
this widescreen widescreen Scheuer which
is great all right this is him bending
down it is done but it's just like a
millimeter you know it'd be great if
there's things you can actually dodge
that way though oh sure oh by the way I
just seem to think that is totally exact
tails bounce which is why we're playing
them together I thought they would be a
good match cuz that's how it kind of
goes it doesn't duck tails oh yeah yeah
Oh guys what you jump on his head
oh this is totally ducktail oh my god
this is great this is great yeah
shoveling oh man oh oh you know I'm
gonna show all those nope okay get out
of here
shovel it right into him no I can shovel
him okay I don't want them to respawn is
why I was doing that I do that I don't
know this is my very first time playing
the game I know nothing about this game
yes yes Jack remove skeleton
I finally remove the skeleton whoa oh
well not just got a shovel everything
now everybody's saying remove skeleton
skeleton and use go pine resin and I
will I will invest in resistance don't
worry gummies get out of here gummies
you try to shovel everything Joey you
yeah like this looks like a secret yeah
wonder what those skulls do anything
right I'm gonna leave how long this time
Oh lockable music I assume maybe yeah
yeah fantastic
this easel is this making your inner
seven year old very happy this is this
feels like an NES game I wait I almost
wish I had a USB NES controller but I'm
playing on my trusty you can you can a
parent supposedly wire an olden s
controller to be USB
oh I'm sure and I kind of want to know
is what I'm saying
I'm just gonna jump on all the shit
that's what I'm saying I would enjoy
this better if I had an S controller
okay boom oh okay yeah you fuckin become
you its adult yeah but there's a secret
up here to hide we got serum holes from
the belt
nothing
oh we really hit it from the side Oh
gummy doesn't sell well it's my life oh
my life is like the red things wonder
what what the blue jars do well my dog
sure I think getting the blue jars for a
while now that's probably some kind of
magic something or other sure sure how
you gonna find me a dragon have a look
at we already beat a dragon I don't know
where I'll check fine ok great
I don't know where you guys are in a
stream button oh oh man can I get up
there
stay up there that looks like a secret
focus let me go you know up there looks
like a secret but I can't get up there
go I'll take it
ok let's go let's go I want to say I
kick-started at the like a Steve like
$10 level and I got the digital download
and now it's 15 so back remove skeleton
some point I'm gonna have to pick a copy
of this melt this looks great yeah oh
this is crazy fun can you get up there
no okay I don't want to go that way
though I don't think try bouncing on top
of the checkpoint I want what oh yeah
what's don't know why you do it because
I'm done and you know that about me well
yeah yeah we come on
somebody gave me a copy of new Vegas but
I have not gotten around to playing
again
mmm-hmm that's what yes sorry oh yeah oh
no branching paths guys but possibly a
long secret area oh yeah I knew one of
them was a secret area but you know like
if it's not like if the secret isn't
right there the question is what which
way is the secret area in which way is
the right way because obviously lying at
the cedar to here person you know what I
don't understand about the warp zones
and Mario Brothers okay like why would
you want to skip more than half of the
damn game I think that's like for
multiple playthroughs like for speedruns
in it why not
okay can I jump on the checkpoint oh you
can't jump on a checkpoint under can I
break through checkpoint I don't know it
doesn't appear to be doing much I don't
think I can break the checkpoint by the
way this is a heads up everyone you
cannot break the checkpoint oh what a
great idea
shovel my duty shovel shit what I get in
there then look at who they have that
letter did you miss something baby oh
you know you're one to make fun of my
laughs yeah damn them's fightin words I
went there sometimes
because it's just the noise that I make
sometimes settlement jamuns free oh my
god
yeah yeah you figure you're gonna like
this more than ducktales I don't know
this hasn't this is a night and so I'm
probably more apt to like this because
it has a night yeah I love the ducktales
cartoon okay so you bring
my favorite Disney character period yeah
yeah screw Mickey screwed Donald's from
goofy it's all about Scrooge is the
single most interesting character they
have most of it didn't fall down the
hole no I got ahead I got the big stuff
Oh Jimmy Jim's somebody's sang Jimmy
James Jimmy James yeah
like the gems you're collect man
whatever Jack so if you already seen
this message but at p.m. you on twitch
about sending a gamma scheme just send
me a game on Steam
I think we've we've talked to people
right now rich in eyes friend lists
we're full oh we can't accept more
friends and so what we need more than
games is those stupid trading cards cuz
we see this that's definitely getting
you like five and time five friends for
every level you get yeah but that's
where maybe every every time I I have a
friend slot open I get like 50 new right
but that's what I'm saying like if if
you want to friend us convince other
people to send us like cards and whatnot
to so we can get friends and more friend
slots rather they just sent the games
that's barrage it's all good thank you
by the way absolutely everyone who has
sent us a game we really appreciate it
like duck tales which we will be playing
later yeah I was never sent by a fan
absolutely
this is totally
area yeah I'm really secret because it
was really easy to come across but
shitload of gold
right well I'm sure you I got to imagine
things cost ungodly amounts of money in
this I'm sure what do you buy I have no
idea
oh I don't I I wish I could tell you
more about the game because I'm one of
those like I I did this Kickstarter and
I paid no attention to the updates yeah
worth it like we want community feedback
on like what we should do and I was like
fuck that just make the game I'm giving
you the money to make the game I don't
want any involvement because my ideas
are problem oh yeah
you know my ideas might not be the best
so it's like you do what you want with
your game yacht games ok can you kick
that over I don't think so you can hit
the top of it right but not like maybe
you got to do it when you first activate
it don't activate it first start my
search by jumping on it wait wait wait
oh wait come back and curious oh that oh
forget it like right I knew you chilly a
face sooner or later the sewer really in
what trillions really a coward turn back
overnight there's nothing here for you
waiting off stand aside Black Knight
I've no quarrel with you I must return
to the tower of faith your time away has
dulled your senses I'm I'm the Emperor
enough dandy
there's a concept album out there based
on Scrooge McDuck
is there really that sounds great that's
really funny groovy
oh no okay our first real boss battle
ah oh okay so he's also gonna night I
mean aha shovel he thought it was
obviously oh he's kicking your ass no no
always laughing at you Jeff laughing is
your pathetic well I you know this is my
first of all God shovel blast can you
power up can you hold the shovel button
down and go maybe or maybe that's just a
boss thing I want to hit it more than
once but that's obscure I'm a no I
cannot charge up my oh yeah get out here
I'm that would've been so cool if you
manage to hit him in midair but you
didn't nope nope one more head jack yeah
m2o what I'm talking about
I'm gonna get it Oh feet accomplished
you take his head
I mean shuffles of danger oh no he's
fine oh yes we got we got the
annihilators I see I see the
annihilators on the table
we got your package with the
annihilators and troll right troll came
with that thank you thank you for
sending us the annihilators that will be
awesome
night has been removed but
catch her Oh No
oh my god you guys this is getting
artistic I just had a dream I had to
catch a falling lady Oh wake up wake up
this is how I can do oh there you go dig
the fire you buried your fire that's
nice well yeah babby gotta be cool about
560 critics really you too Jay I yeah
I'm sorry too I did it and I'm really
sorry
and I'm sorry Rachel comic book series
they follow right now none I am been to
a comic book store in years like I've
said before the the moment spider-man
made a deal with the devil to end his
marriage it was the moment I said yeah
you know this isn't for me anymore this
isn't for me that's fair that's fair I
read a couple of the ultimate books I
really enjoyed the Bendis vaguely run of
ultimate spider-man I got a little old
got a little wacky towards the end you
know you know what ultimate spider-man
from let's start off really damn strong
yeah really good every story arc though
had to be serious serious ultra serious
as bad as it's ever been
he Bendis content ake it easy and do a
light heart of the spider-man story yeah
but I mean that worked for a long time
and then I got a little tiresome I was
really into it for the first four arcs
okay that's fine there's four arms yeah
I know usually so one with the patches
in it to thank you for the like I saw a
bomb squad passionate as cool as far as
Oh comic books I like past or present
yeah
see the old Rogers Stern and Tom DeFalco
runs on the amazing spider-man preacher
in
is fuckin awesome that's a bit of a
letdown but I I laughed really hard
reading preacher the watchman's classic
dear lady oh and it's a dear lady
Oh groan and just finish my thought
sorry
that's the earlier issues of the savage
dragon when he was still just a cop it
was great a guy you gotta get
superpowers or always him I guess he had
amnesia so but he just you decided
become a cop you didn't know I'm not
gonna become superhero fight crime just
got a regular actual legitimate
crime-fighting job which was a novel yet
logical idea yeah I really like the
power of series I've never owned it I've
heard it's good it's really good I can
lend you okay I have all the trains
sometimes okay really good really good
stuff Bendis this is good I enjoy that
this occasionally good he's overly
decompressed decompress story tellings
retakes seven issues to tell something
that time to fall go would have done in
one yeah but he lets it breathe gives
the artist sometimes it works and
sometimes it's just a drag alright
that's by the way that's fair puffin and
poultry mutton and meat your maximum
health will increase if you eat alright
you know you know how that storytelling
works in one big chunk but I don't think
I could read individual issues anymore
of Brian Bendis work just tell me what a
storylines done and send all of those
issues to me and I'll read them like
that I'll give you the trades only jobs
but I'm not reading half of a chapter at
a time
all right say hey-oh when I was a small
child I thought Lobo was hysterical
it's the most immature thing in the
world is this oh yeah I want to do that
feat accomplished first purchase what's
a good place to start for somebody who's
never touched a comic in their life
don't it's an expensive hobby at this
point no it wasn't like five dollars an
issue now for shit now it is but but
like there are some really great deals
and life for like iPad readers and you
could probably find some good web comics
that are completely free to read I I
tend to skew Marvel because I just enjoy
their characters more they're more
realistic to me I think where's a good
place to where is it the place to start
though where did you start I started
with x-men I honestly I started with GI
Joe I think okay and those are still
great comics I love the old Larry Hamm a
GI Joes that's where they actually
killed people none of that none of that
fuckin parachute jumping out of the
airplane shit where's my life bar great
but you know start start with the
classics I I really liked
we talked about this last room Sandman
mystery theatre yeah Sandman mystery
theatre like if you're into kind of if
you like Blade Runner like if you're
into pulpy new are that actually takes
place in the past I didn't really like
Sandman mystery there are some good old
things I could recommend but it's first
current ongoing things well yes that was
it with something classic and great so
they can read that and get into it and
then they can make their way through the
mind
I'd almost just stick with that like
what's the point in getting into the DC
Universe well I mean as the DC Universe
resets itself every five no then even
five years every every every year and a
half
everything's rebooted this is the post
post post crisis DC Universe no it's new
52 right yeah Infinite Crisis before
that or whatever was but they're
constantly fucking altering their
history they call that should've jumping
on plane I call it a jumping off it's
hard to get invested in a storyline when
you know it's gonna be irrelevant in
four months yeah did not know I could do
that
as long as I'm standing here mm-hmm
sure let's have a little game conjure up
some things and you can hit them towards
the targets for points what
what am i doing
oh my god
and I I'm not you know somebody's
supposed to get he's a comic book artist
and offended Oh in the off chance that
that's an honest person like I know not
Freight Williams yeah was it was fan
don't want to offend any kind of food
artist I mean they do good work but you
have to admit it's an expensive hobby to
start it is like no especially like if
you really get into a story and then
you're popping down for for an issue
among before ya know it's it's expensive
and then like my wife and I like you
know we hit we got the fireproof file
cabinets that we organized and you know
then you need a board and plastic for
every issue and it it gets expensive
yeah I've actually been thinking about
selling my collection really yeah I
haven't I haven't touched any of those
issues in years
all right that's fair I mean I could
probably get a couple hundred bucks for
my mic Gwen states
Glen Stacy death issue sure
oh hell what
yeah I don't have apple
you can still up for a total of five
dollars yes I know I know I don't know
hey this is sorry guys I'm just I'm just
read read paperbacks you actually read
any good books lately Jack no I think
I've talked about this before I read a
book so bad that it turned me off of
reading for a while I read a book that I
was really excited to read it was I'm
not gonna say what it is because I'm
gonna be a nice guy and it was so bad I
actually have not picked up a book in
maybe six months because it was so bad
and I like reading so I'm gonna go back
what I here's what I do every time I get
off of reading I go back and I read my
childhood favorite book the ear the eye
and the arm by Nancy farmer it's a kids
book it's like a kid's it it's like
Goonies but set in South Africa really
amazing book the ear the eye and the arm
so I'm gonna go read that and then get
back into that yeah I read a book so
terrible and I've mentioned before the
stream there was video game related and
it was so dull that it caused me not to
like the medium of books well that's
that's the hardest thing about like
novels thing knowing what to read yeah
cuz there's so much shit out there and
there's so much crap yeah how do you how
do you separate the the meat from the
chaff is that the right expression I
remember there's something there's
something from the chat whatever but
I've recently read something called off
to be the wizard okay it's it's it's
like a standard s fantasy novel crossed
with like a matrix kind of thing Oh
the premise is that all of reality that
as we know it is a computer simulation
like there's not even an actual human
body like our universe is running in
some kind of alien computer system and
it's nerdy kind of guy figures this out
find some kind of file and you all do
this file you change reality okay and
you can actually use it to go back in
time so it goes back to medieval England
they decides it's got to pass himself
off as a wizard oh sure with his reality
author in a computer program oh that's
fun it's a clever take on fantasy okay I
can't remember the author's name but I
know he's does some kind of website
called basic instructions that's all I
know about the guy gonna get me a horse
stupid horse stupid horse
you can give me you can't fuckin give me
you're a horse maybe it's wheat separate
the least imma I did stand on that one
did you read that I will not talk about
the letter with the annihilators that is
that is not my call or decision why
yeah okay good books you know what fuck
I really love food Fletch yeah if you
guys like detective books and here's the
thing I actually liked the book Fletch
so much I hate the movie which everyone
seems to enjoy and I don't know why they
enjoy it because compared to the book
garbage and the book is brilliant
Fletch is a great detective story about
an investigative reporter
it's brilliant Fletch put up book I like
called on a pale horse okay
it's about a guy's kind of done on his
luck and strength commit suicide okay
and as he's about to pull the trigger
the Grim Reaper actually walks into his
door to take him sure and just kind of
instincts he turns the gun on the Grim
Reaper and kills the Grim Reaper so he
has to become the new death okay that's
a really good book I've always loved
that one Piers Anthony Piers Anthony
yeah okay try companies I'd like to
viene yeah
Balam Allah not my call
oh yeah you can destroy the checkpoint
did you get anything extra for doing it
yeah piece of gold oh nice jewel I got a
big jewel but first up now probably if I
die though I have to go although to the
eye I don't get the checkpoint oh so you
didn't get the checkpoint but I just
really got a big piece of gold which is
that's being said I see a big I did that
it's the same for a big trip runner if
you've ever played bit.trip runner
um oh I'm onto your game I'm onto your
game Oh
oh my god he is out of my damn attack
from the rear Oh attack from the rear
wait I gotta wait till you jets there we
go I always got a shot sorry I'm kind of
switching my attention I swear you want
a chat that's all right yeah fucking
gotcha bitch
I live literally yeah yeah
Polamalu not my call okay I'm now
ignoring you Baba for oh I probably need
it oh fuck I needed them there oh wait
they respawn they respawn because it's
like an NES mm-hmm yeah oh oh oh
boom doo doo doo
so uh yeah gotta destroy it and I get a
bunch of goodies oh no I should have
seen that coming
swinging chandeliers and games are never
good oh honey
oh yeah boom chocka Locka boom
um Archon Jack I don't try to name my
daughter rich Evans I think that the why
does that make you how does that make
you guys feel um I think she yeah that's
great idea
it'd be a beautiful name for any young
lady or boy that's that's almost as bad
as that guy that named his son Anakin
after a fictional character and murdered
on a school full of children I think
that'd be a good idea you ready for this
yeah an actual child's name I have a
friend of a friend of a friend all right
actual child's name Tron that's an
actual child things I mean your options
are nearly infinite right absolutely
works q1 Clark's you some gems oh sure
Tron is the worst okay yeah
oh that's weird I don't know what this
is what do you think you're supposed to
do here I don't know oh that is clever
that is clever
it's fucking gay man I tell you one in
the village or out in the field I have
all the deals you're not gonna believe
what I just found in this chest yes on
your fiery blasts sure hold up and press
X okay watch a magic meter Oh finally
something to use my magic meter for okay
oh that's nice when I coughs for magic
yeah oh oh did it totally did it's
relatively expensive Jack and carefully
oh you almost got your ass burn I didn't
though meet my son troll too right yes
by the way there's still better than
truth hello man
oh yeah chicken when I went out chicken
ah no you know cuz people tend to get
nicknames yeah
troll - and Tron would end up both being
called troll oh man
but which is the secret way try this
very first I'd imagine the one without
the letter yeah that's really no
checkpoint of every checkpoint there
okay
this one had a letter to remove open huh
yeah but I'm gonna say because the
checkpoint this is no absolutely here I
mean that's dumped straight oh yeah Oh
fireball hey boy oh I can deflect it
with my fucking shovel dog all right
yeah
get that gold get that gold Tito otro 2
would be Tito yeah seed up oh there's a
whole bunch of special up here Tito
oh no whoa but up Tito that's the next
character name I knew there's another
secret in here
double secret double secret dog skin
loves its secrets well it's a nice fine
that's fine this is a lovely throwback I
just want to say that like this this
looks like a lot of fun this is a lot of
fun after I beat this next boss I will
hand over the reins to her alright
alright um my name's Jay might be her by
then unless he's just not coming I just
I guess it's a possibility
moving this is this is how it should be
done you know I was having I did play a
lot more of 1001 spikes yeah
and it never felt great to me well it's
not real it's not really a platform game
1001 spikes is a secret puzzle game it's
not it's not about the jumping it's
about figuring out right how you're
supposed to jump I was calling it a king
to a racing game where a racing game
where it's only time trials where all
you're concerned about is is that
figuring out but it's not just speed
though because you can run to it fast
but if you don't know the exact correct
way to run through it you're gonna die
absolutely oh no I only meant that
racing game in like the time trial sense
where it's like if you don't take this
turn at this exact time the runs over
you know so yes it's just about
memorization spiked to three jump - yeah
refire and duck and knife and knife and
I didn't I didn't I can see why you
wouldn't like that if you just want a
pure classic side scroller that's not
really what it's trying to be no it
is what it is get out of here yeah Oh
kicking it in I got chicken from the
Griffins totally a turkey look how big
it is it's shovel my world it could be
anything we want to see maybe it's a
trip north I want to be a turkey okay is
it certainly anything you say Oh things
- oh I could get something up there see
it's a trip north oh fuck and now it's
start over at the beginning because I
got all the checkpoints I'm sorry John
you want to do this yeah sure yep that's
a train so um up and up and shovel shit
you just press down I'll press and
hold-down yeah press and hold-down I
don't even think you have to hold on
just press the hey Ron yeah shots switch
spots hello change places next to good
beverage I see
yeah I'm used to ducktales with the pogo
jump oh sure sure
smooth yeah I died and it happens that
was my first death of the game though
and it was a dumb debt twos it was me I
wanted to make a jump and then I tried
to unmake my jump halfway through the
jump and it didn't work
sorry about that while trying to figure
out controls this game worth 15 first
impressions is yes because I you know it
depends if you like this kind of
platformer you know how do you feel
about Megaman you know like how do you
feel about ducktales where to me this
game seems like it would have enough
content to be worth 15 unless you're
talking about 1,001 spikes in which case
wait till it Sunsail for under 5 wow you
really don't like that game i I'm really
disappointed by that game but I think it
was my own expectations it's why I I was
expecting the gimmick with a thousand
lines minutes soundless Hank you
frightened
hey max said holding down he'll get it I
see that little crest yeah Sika diamond
secret oh my god I was expecting I was
expecting more of a spelunky and and it
wasn't that and and so I blame more my
expectations but even when I won I never
felt
I never felt during that like I won you
know like it was like oh I finally
figured out what the developer wanted me
to do you know I don't know I've never
felt I never felt great about it even
though I beat I beat the game but I
never felt great about it this is great
though this this is the shovelknight I'm
having already I'm having tons of fun
with what are you all drinking I just
opened an ice cold and very refreshing
old Milwaukee
horrible show no I'm not saying shovel
knight is as good as Megaman I'm just
saying if you like that type of game you
will like shovel knight and they are
similar in styles is all I'm saying
let's see here
why do you disappear when you get hit
because the refresh rate on the capture
card is slightly different than the
refresh rate on our computer monitor and
so the phase is out of sync so he he
blinks when we get hit but because their
refresh rate on the capture device is
slightly less you don't see the blinking
you just see when he's not there it's
actually kind of neat just say the magic
doesn't it's the magic oh the magic does
it oh did you see what you did there if
you press up and shovel yeah you shoot
the fireball okay great well I'm water I
gotta get that so I look up there that's
some kind of omen go around and just
drop down so we're okay
yeah so you don't have to worry about
that no I'm not drinking the Beast the
Beast is Milwaukee's best this is Old
Milwaukee very very big difference let's
see here remove capture card yes yeah
right if we remove the capture card you
won't see any blinking so it's just an
interesting it's an interesting bit of
refresh rates and frames per second and
it's it's if you if you're a nerd here
you're interested in that kind of stuff
but nice rich thank you notice I didn't
have to lie about the power outage
Monday night oh man I did not finish up
a case of natty ice we had a very real
power outage in my neighborhood
and it caused all the stuff in my
refrigerator and you see the black bit
of goo on okay it caused all the stuff
in my refrigerator to go bad power was
up for like seven eight hours and and it
was no fun and was no fun at all and I
felt really bad because we had some very
important work to do Sunday night so I
moved the stream to Monday here at red
letter media we had some very very
important work to do I think it's great
watching the samurai cop is very
important work
rich and Jack I named three npcs in my
DMV campaign always been spamming that
message all night Oh has he
yeah oh well thank you listen boy Oh
what does that do already
smash but ever let me get up there oh
wait wait thanks for fresh right no you
just can't get out there easy can you
jump on the Booker nah he's fun that's
fun
did you not get here no I know your past
where I was I have not played rogue
legacy I am interested in playing rogue
legacy I don't know you know I'm not
sure I'm not sure it's my type of game I
actually I think I bought it when I was
on Steam sale I might have bought it I
as steam sales normally go
I forgot all the things I bought oh and
jump up yes I'm - Ellie I may go now
you'll buy something for two bucks and
then just forget that it's in your wall
but I think I have it I think I have
rogue legacy and I kind of want to play
it I'm actually you know I've been I've
been let down by a couple pixel art I
love his swap his spotted like and get
to stop man
yeah rogue legacy's seems like you like
it would be really fun to play for maybe
like 10 hours and then I'd probably get
really bored of it and so like oh that
was the other thing
no I hate to keep harping on 1,001
spikes damn but you can unlock extra
characters right and here I'm thinking
oh great I'll get to have different
skins while I play the game right no you
have to read replay the exact same
levels as like 50 characters oh no now
you're totally gonna die
welcome to die rich Evans Oh Jack fuck
marry kill
shuffle night XCOM dark souls a fuck
shovel knight it seems like it's the
most fun Mary
XCOM because it's the most interesting
and kill Dark Souls or else it'll kill
me that's really easy
Mary XCOM yeah yeah she'll live yeah you
got the vigil no no you got me no one oh
yeah you got fire oh yeah I mean you're
probably gonna die
that's not even hits from pits and those
things here again I'm sure oh that's
alright that's right you wanna give
another go yeah okay give it give it
another go do did you um did you remove
skeleton
I'm sorry these people
shovel knight such a fierce and
passionate lover I agree yeah Dark Souls
hates my dreams too oh you got Pogo dog
don't forget your Pogo yeah you time
that shit as I'm saying an NES
controller would be it would be helpful
here come on magic okay that's alright
you can give
oh yeah hit win money summoning
oh sure sure nope you can do it you can
do it no I can't
I believe in you I don't
so no cash no I'm losing all of your
gold check you're losing all my gold
oh you lose gold when you're dying yep
we'll stop oh you can get it here pick
it up you'll get it back
yeah yeah junket I'm actually I'm
tonight I'm gonna go home and buy a Nana
NES USB controller absolutely just to
play this game because I think I would
really enjoy that okay yeah it's I agree
they're probably insanely cheap so I'm
really going to enjoy that Oh rich
suggestions from the chat is a get good
someone to fuck off
Oh guys Richardson's you should fuck off
yeah right now we're using an Xbox 360
controller on this but you know this
this is cut it we need a thin rectangle
okay get good net we're working on him
rich and Jack Futurama says that
Milwaukee is the most romantic city in
the United States is that true no
obviously that was just jokes don't you
people understand jokes since you
understand that Milwaukee is the butt of
every joke Oh what's Oh oh my god that's
Mario style Mario free action oh you
gotta fight him now how much would you
love this an award for the nostalgia
factor Jack like well it's very good
it's adorable
sure you mean like what if you didn't
grow up with a Nintendo would you just
feel like what the fuck maybe I don't
know I mean it plays very well you know
jump jump hit repeat yeah it's simple
and so I think I don't know we'll have
to talk oh I'll have to talk to some of
the younger people in the chance someone
who didn't grow up with an NES who did
not grow up with Mario 3 and/or Megaman
whether they would enjoy this kind of
stuff I mean that's a that's a tough
call rich that is a really tough call
let's see here
so here's the thing here's the thing
let's see here there are we I'm trying
to read the chat here you grew up with
an Xbox one oh no an Xbox one like the
first Xbox or an Xbox one the first
excellent
you know kudos to Microsoft for that bit
of naming confusion they have now
foisted upon the one I think we call the
X bone X bone yeah you know pixel art is
getting a little tiresome ah and hard
for the sake of heart is getting a
little tiresome but probably I'll press
up and you're gonna I just learned them
nice this does it right though this this
doesn't right you know like as long as
the art is interesting I don't care if
it's pixel or super shiny right so here
you're a knight with a shovel I would
not care if this was super flashy art
thinks something's gonna brag happen if
I go back to town maybe even if I go
back to town anything if I go back to
town even if I go back to town anything
if I go back

[Part II]
if I go back to town maybe did you read
what he said no yeah all in bank
attention
hmm something seems fishy always that
guy back in town going on about oh no a
lot of track back there oh yeah oh yeah
yeah let's go back down oh okay so you
can direct it out or you can go down to
that cue and play the suspect and try to
beat this Specter night okay so you can
do either this is just like new now I'm
just assuming I can do both mm-hmm okay
you do what you want rich I don't know
what vector night is it's a different
kind of he's a different kind of mouse
oh just regular level yeah it's just
it's a regular oh no oh oh little bouncy
bushes um I have played Psychonauts and
I did not much care for Psychonauts oh
oh look at that
now that's a jams a lot of people praise
Psychonauts
and I to be honest with you so and
understand why the entire game was
nothing but tutorials in every single
level was a different game that was a
tutorial level on before it it was
really frustrating to Tim Schafer's
masterpieces confederal and I will play
that as soon as it comes out from Evita
oh my god there's a ghostie
that's really neat I like that oh nice
bt-dubs bacon has bombs oh you fucked up
now Oh waist yeah yeah was rich yeah oh
no Psychonauts was a really like the
story and the characters in the setting
was a really fun idea I really enjoyed
that but the game of the video okay
that's where I have my problem ah that's
where the fault in it was but like no
the characters were really fun the story
was really nice but I just I got really
oh oh ah Monkey Island you know like a
lot of the old adventure games I did not
play oh you damned soul Oh cuz I can't
get up there now because I'm just ready
to go fast enough for now now yeah ah
fuck I did not play a lot of the old
adventure games because I did not have a
I didn't play many computer games
growing up didn't have a computer on the
farm oh my god
so you know
yeah I know I hear really good things
about like monkey island my a my only my
only dip into adventure games pre a
couple years ago was the NES version of
maniac mansion which is a terrible
version terribly NES version ok the NES
version is a terrible way is a terrible
system to play an adventure game on
instead of a mouse you have to know the
cursor was hurt with the with the with
the d-pad and that is no way to play an
adventure game so I'm sure that that
ruined adventure games for a lot of
people food that was their first fuck
yeah dog no PC for farmer I know we did
not have a computer we did not have a
computer on the farm oh my god see
anything that's the fish tick
Polly shores son-in-law is worth based
on Jack Packard's life yeah
I've seen that movie that's Jack my
girlfriend wants to know if you came
from Russia no I did not come from
Russia
what would make somebody think you came
from Russia I have no idea there's
something I can put them on here let's
see here
back I know I'm sure I would like monkey
island I've I've I've tried getting into
adventure games now as an adult that I
like a lot of them but she hated the
walking dead game
I haven't played I'm sure I'm going to
hate the walking dead game thought you
said you hated it I I played a little
bit of the walking dead game and I'm
sure I'm gonna hate it I actually want
to play it I want to play the walking
dead game to make sure that I'm going to
hit because if if the little bit I
played and what I've heard is any
indication there is very little game to
the walking dead yeah and I like games
I don't like story I mean I like story
stories a nice addition to a game but
there's gonna be more than one type of
game Jackson but then don't call it a
game call it a caller to choose your own
adventure novel that's you know like
it's not a game they probably don't know
what else to call it actually do mean
calling in and I said I have no idea
maybe they're calling in
so you're talking all this shit but I
know it so I want to play it
Bal mama I I can't just ban you if you
keep spamming this is the thing I've
been I've been gleefully ignoring you
and so we can you can't have a job you
said you stopped but yeah we're not just
gonna give you a job
you just sent us a tape right thank you
thank you
Alabama ah so that is all thank you
let's see a visual novel if it's called
the visual novel if the Walking Dead is
called a visual novel like then I just
don't give a fuck about visual novels
and then I'll be fine with that
am I trying to define art I am trying to
do well you know I'm doing I'm trying to
define art categories right a theater is
an art it's an art I don't much care for
and so I know going in I probably won't
like going to the theater that's just
one of those things
so you know visual novels I probably
won't like like Phoenix right at least
has a little bit of challenge to it like
you have to figure stuff out what was
the other one professor layton I really
dug that Professor Layton game but I
mean those are those are puzzles so
that's kind of a different thing pick a
choice the game exactly Asians Iran -
Tron hmm not my kind of thing
Wow why do I hate the fan so much that
you can't even give them a job you fraud
it's true it's true
I hate everything and everyone like I've
mentioned many times not my call okay
five Alabama
maybe if I can ban you yep there we go
bye okay let's move on now
patek confirmed freighter absolutely
everyone I think I think I just gave him
I gave them enough warnings let's see
here
am i the heir apparent to HP's company
in Fortune mr. Packard no I have nothing
to do with the Hewlett Packard
corporation I have nothing to do with
the Packard automobile and if anyone has
ever been to cut a--have I have nothing
to do with Packard Avenue those are the
kind of things that people ask oh you're
you're waiting alone isn't enough huh
finding these little platforms to go up
and down ah that's just me standing at
it it doesn't move you mean an enemy on
there oh that's cool things but an enemy
or one of those see all the skulls that
they drive can you move that thing
that's skull ah try that seems that
seems to weigh it down
Obama says you're welcome Jack what
games you have 500 hundred hours in
according to steam I have 900 hours in
Team Fortress 2 I don't have 500 hours
in any game rich well at 500 hours of
the XCOM yeah rich as may be thinking of
X comma I'm a fucking psychopath 4x yeah
so I probably had 500 hours of Team
Fortress 2 on my old xbox360 before I
got steam before steam was on Mac but
now you know that's how we do it I can't
you can well I'm so back I'm sorry I'm
just laughing at the chat oh let's see
here 900 yeah 900 hours is a lot into
Team Fortress 2 but I really like it
it's my favorite game
it's the game I have more more fun in
than any other game and and yes a lot of
people have way more hours in that into
dota 2 so we have a phase lock it now
give a 100 so you can like oh nice we
switched between the magical items no is
there a start
yeah oh start nice nice
rich has not tried Zeena not yet but he
wants to yes going he has it and he's
going to started suing I have to replay
XCOM in a month I'm starting month 5 3
dips I've already taken the little
spoiler for Jack and no other spoiler
for Jack
hey spoiler I didn't say okay I used I
was going to - oh yeah oh yeah it was
going for me no yeah I do
I haven't got a chance to play with many
of the new weapons in the Team Fortress
2 update yet I'm looking forward to
getting some of them the the the
parachute looks really fun and oh and
the new Demoman shield I like demoknight
demoknights a really fun class and so
I'm looking forward to messing around to
do new Demoman shield so whoo that's a
good question Kellis m8 jack fuck marry
kill
rich Jay and Xena Warrior Princess
I would like to fuck and marry Xena
Warrior Princess and kill both Richard
yes that's the only answer Lucy Lawless
is my jam as far as I'm concerned she is
both my Jimmy and my jam all you might
be able to jump on that
no no that's weird Scotty another oh oh
look at that
yeah demoknights just one of those
stupid classes that like it's not a real
class still the Knights are kind of a
fuck nut class but I love him let's see
here
sorry rich have you ever reloaded an X
come save out of sheer frustration oh no
no I'm pretty good about salty Pope you
know even when I'm working you know
Ironman mode when the game first came
out Jack
I'm glitchy as hell okay there's a lot
of bugs next time so ice I didn't like
Iron Man but I self-imposing but my god
like I got like a glitch Midway during a
level uh-huh then I had real or say sure
and I got a glitch but I stole otherwise
I don't like reloading safe all right so
you win again you and hardcore you might
win hurt Howard in when I didn't have
too nice good man good man I given up
some games in frustration
Jack what do you think about the tf2
shorts especially the last one about
Brent they're all fun they're all super
fun and more so if anyone doesn't know
valve makes all of their animated tf2
shorts in a program called source
filmmaker which gives you access to all
of the which is free animation software
the valve right now we'll give you free
animation software there's no pile of
gold um oh damn I just got there come on
in full o 4 so it's free animation
software for 3d stuff mostly using the
Team Fortress 2 characters but you can
import other characters it's free
animation software that anyone can use
and people have made amazing stuff with
source filmmaker and so yeah I think
they're all good you know ok
back back to X numbers because I'm
thinking about we're talking on
reloading safes now there was one time
when I was reloading save or now well I
was I was specifically recreating the GI
Joes hmm and I wasn't so much playing
the play as much as I was just trying to
level up different characters so it's
like you know Snake Eyes would die
intermission yeah restart that driller
their code names the nicknames are the
GI Joe name okay and I put in the real
name was like the back of the file card
for Snake Eyes I actually put in flake
first name - - - last name classified
because they never give you snake eyes
and I'm with a character Chris I gotta
have a look as much as I could like the
character that's awesome yeah that's
really funny Oh Oh your face inspector
name
XCOM would be the basis for a great Jo
game it really wouldn't replace the
aliens with generic Cobra soldiers
absolutely I would play the fuck out of
that I'm sure there's a mod make it
happen make an ex-con GI Joe mod like
the sec toys would be those those
generic over troopers would like though
the mask over there their mouth I like
it sorry yeah you got out of it you got
out of it odd mutation fuck marry kill
transformers 1 2 & 3
I've only seen transport what does it
matter I mean basically the same I've
only seen the first one and I use guys
nasty all money god that's guys so bad I
love it yeah I mean you're probably
gonna die okay pull those up on this ha
drat oh god damn it
there's an ex-con Xena Warrior Princess
what I would totally play that oh my god
XCOM space cop wait we should make space
tell the difference yes by the way yes
balls are your friend no what's your
favorite Michael Bay movie The Rock The
Rock is great everyone knows that the
rock is great
aye but you're bad boys I enjoy both of
them of the bad-boy movies it's what we
were what we were talking about with
Leon sssss and in the interview before
the stream was that Michael Bay used to
be a fine Prevert of schlock and
somewhere along the line he started to
mess up his own movies and I liked it
when they were just mindless schlock
like the rock his beautiful mindless
schlock bad boys is dumb dumb schlock
and I loved every second of it but uh
you know once you start getting to
Transformers and you can't once you
can't tell who's blowing up who and then
it starts getting bad but in the rock I
knew exactly who is blowing up whom
everyone was blowing about the trusted
by the way is the answer right now
not anymore spoke too soon
oh my god no what do you mean I like the
rocket I don't care I don't care nothing
about none all right here we go
oh right Edie Harrison the rock was
awesome oh I'm sorry to do this beats
but hey tastes good yeah I guess yeah
yeah I'm reading the chat I can't I
can't watch uh watch what I'm fucking
doing here I'll watch it in the stream
oh yeah that looks pretty good the
island
oh no the island sucks what are you
talking about Oh God
it's a playable dream sequence see oh
they all have it oh I guess the other
ones were like playable oh my god oh my
god just all the enemies that's awesome
oh god catch her gotta catch her nice by
the way what does it mean when you say
based based yeah I don't know what that
means what does it mean when you say
based Chad because I don't know what
that mean is is he trying to say biased
are you trying to say did you misspelled
biased we'll see we'll see when the jack
catches up to what we just said if you
say if you meant biased then of course I
am I'm an individual with my own tastes
likes and dislikes everyone's kind of
eyes dog that's how it works guys
fucking summary okay I can go back to
the village it caused no trouble hi guys
ladies uh-oh ok so we just heard a
doorbell ding dong
so that means we're gonna take a little
break and we're gonna play a commercial
and we're gonna talk to some people and
we'll come back after we take a break so
we'll come over here to this hold on
guys and mute the microphone
hey guys I'm here with someone very
special
it's very true it's just me by myself I
see I just had a joke and I made it the
guys came back and rich has to go for a
little bit so I'm gonna be playing some
shovel knight shovel knight shovel
knight that's he just said that we're
out of the room I have Ju ruined
everything
what is shovel Knight it's a it's a NES
inspire the platformer it's very similar
to duck tales wow which is why we
decided to play it before it fails and
rich and I have been really doing it I
think you'll like you don't really like
it would so Oh Jesse James hey all the
Jesse James
alright thanks Joe hey oh I'm sorry guys
we she's a shiny one to a wild just
appeared and she's a shiny did you guys
tell me what based means cuz I I missed
that cuz base J's base time based oh
yeah sided stream started again
all right here we go we're leaving we're
going on another adventure we're going
on another shovel knight adventure how
do you do it here at the pond over it's
already won here
wait I thought I thought I went back to
town already how do we do this I don't
you know what Jessi I don't know either
let's really keep it up and then a door
hold on you have a shovel and you shovel
in case you were worried
thank you
we can we can tell you guys get a goblet
why should I
what was a goblet I don't want old
goblins or go head we're sitting in the
limey goblins I ain't got no Sangha I
ain't got I've got no real all bring his
both - and come on oh yeah I thought
these yeah oh we ever relic yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah okay
how much does a 12 pack of spotted Cal
cost not much it's a it's a very
reasonably priced beer
no it's like 15 I think about yeah yeah
it's it's not about is a is a cheaper
smaller brew I think there's more
they're in here yeah here's where the
chalices work right I like him I have
the frogman yeah
okay I'm at a chalice
I don't know to do it whatever that
looks like something yeah yeah oh sure
what did I say now uh no I have not
watched thunderpants since the best and
worst episode I don't know if I could
handle it watching thunderpants it you
know it's it's well I said I would wait
for you I'll watch it again I need to
see it I need to see Thunder pants
Thunder pants this one today Jessi thank
you for waiting for me yeah of course
the bard again okay I'm just doing kind
of meaningless bullshit somebody wants
you go back to the pond now those other
people watching oh now that I have a
chance I go back to the bomb I get it I
get it
oh I think that's blasphemy Oh Jessi's
laughs better than riches hi listen you
guys don't need to know yes don't need
to repeat this when rich comes back but
I agree yeah yeah I wonder are these
songs
it says they say to go to the pond every
move skeleton I don't know what that
means yet but that's a joke that's a
joke but I appreciate the joke okay I'm
gonna go do that yeah if I sound more
dry and best of the worst that's because
that's the way I'm edited so I can't
help that did you sound dry well this is
what I forget where it went
sure somewhere up here to run up it
won't happen to be either yeah Oh what
was that
I mean Jessi's usually the voice of
reason up and around here I try did you
use the skeleton oh now you know I found
a treasure thing that I can go through
so I went to the treasure thing sorry
that's it I'm just curious
yeah there
there's a bit tricky treasure here
get it get it nice nice we're getting
treasures Jessi killed it on Christmas
best over some more than killed it
Thank You Jessi made that episode
absolutely and and I mean I want to say
that whole drunken filmmaker rant was
all Jessi
okay so now you go back to to fully pond
oh shit oh shit what the fuck is this
this is chicken king fish go ahead with
my shovel
no oh oh my god this is great
oh he's flying away
this game is adorable there's no flappy
fish oh he's cute he's adorable
and I have to watch his little dance I
can't move I just have to watch his
dance for a little bit
yeah yeah that's a good thing that's a
good thing I don't know if that was him
or not but thank you for your patience
Jack and Jessi are best of friends
that's very true
yep we are besties for Emma do we decide
to watch him dick oh oh oh wait what oh
my god it's not he just gave him a
doobie Jim what is happening I know you
have it's still dance oh oh yes what's
company's oh no I used oh I didn't know
guys I used it I used my use my Jimmy
Jam before why are you glowing cuz I use
mine I used my Jimmy Jam too early I'm
sorry everybody
well what a waste yeah the forest of fat
rich already had the forest of phasing
yeah and did he die there yes yes he did
he died there I'm just saying I wasn't
here but well you know the ones we've
beaten have this little shovel heads I
don't think well here I want to go to
quest the plague night I want to fight
the plague night
sharpen nice shovel oh hey okay's bug
and get you buddy
I think play grant oh it's a play grant
that's funny I get it hi good like
historical yes this game also reminds me
of Super Mario 3 which is lovely it's
just a lovely little homage but you get
to play the shovel with the
motherfucking okay you get to play as a
knight with a motherfucking shovel not
the other way around
gonna be a niche any TV TV DVD making
the rats plot oh yeah they explode they
fucking explode yeah I didn't know I
didn't know that exploded now we do you
learn stuff
Jimmy's dams bad oh yes this game is to
shoot my brothers 3 what Binding of
Isaac is to Legend of Zelda Absa that is
a great observation whomever said that
because it's absolutely true this guy's
tell these sin they should dig faster I
got hit by that I got hit by a jimmy-jam
died a little bit that's ok we're coming
back this is what happens when you dig
faster
if I give me know if I can make it back
to my bags in time I think I get I get
my treasure back
now your rap daddy rat exploding rat
not beyond not doing the dance Jack you
shouldn't die
oh yes that's what I was saying guys I
told you to dig faster is set to dig
slower well I assume that there's no
girl named Justin so that's why I'm not
assuming that everyone in here is that
they're all guys so someone named Justin
I can probably assume that it's a guy I
mean Justin is it a man's name yeah
I'm sorry if I offended anybody um Oh
spike skill even right away that's good
to know ya know you just out of juice
yeah that's all right
70% of your female doubted I've seen our
even our stats before I pay attention in
YouTube statistics
I know what's going on most of the time
oh it's flow to read
how did Harry fucking rat know there's
problems with girls here I know there
are girls like in life in general yeah
that helps it was just een then they
spelled their name wrong that was the
saying Justin I mean yeah that's funny
you know that is that's funny yeah okay
all right we're getting there guys we
are getting there
treasure with sauna - oh fuck you game
well you have to say it if you're
laughing look uh I'm sorry I'm sorry
Jessi is funding some of the chat
amusing so congratulations
congratulations to whatever whomever is
making Jessi Diego someone said to stop
Jimmy jammin Oh Jimmy Jam too much I'm
sorry everyone
and I killed the checkpoint I need to
stop I need to stop killing with
checkpoint I'm sorry everyone I'm
failing but for in my defense rich Evans
has been playing for the past seven so
you need to jump on the platforms and
the spikes are bad yes I have noticed
that thank you
to whomever pointed that out yeah
avoiding spikes is basically basically
try not to die that's that's my strategy
right now is I'm trying to attempting to
stay alive me to UM we're gonna be good
eat well you get that and you need to
kind of be you know medium digging and
ease up on the Jimmy James so it's
totally necessary that's me that I'm
giving you this advice yeah you're
saying he's up on the Jimmy dams just
until it's the right time sure you are
all right dad you know what that's fair
that's fair I don't wanna turkey
okay now we're getting back into it no
this guy what is that guy I'm supposed
to tell you that if you remove the
skeleton that you move faster now that
I'm another joke I do think it's kind of
funny yep
that was during our Dark Soul stream uh
we were asking for people to help us cuz
we were dying so often yeah and people
were telling us to remove skeleton which
is not something you can do in Dark
Souls uh you got Jimmy jammed oh my god
what I don't know that's did someone say
that no that's me okay
oh I'm talking to you you are I'm
sitting on your knee and you're doing a
great job thank you this one this is
look at this little like chemistry set
here it's pretty nifty
this is an adorable game it really is
it's really cute
whoa yeah yeah watch out for that get
out of here
that app spikes spikes a bit yes
Jessi's chat chat is Jessi deck can't
talk to girl I do I have issues talking
to girls yeah yeah girls in general are
pretty and snow mice and oh my god I
don't know if you guys can hear that
rich is never coming back
yeah they're filming at all I can't help
rich I can't you can't watching I'm what
I'm reading comments to Jack I'm sorry I
can't
hey yeah Jack are you saying that I am
NOT pretty at somebody oh no I was
saying I was having difficulty talking
to you oh that's what that was I was
having difficulty talking to you oh and
so oh my god you can bounce this shut
the hell up
and therefore you are pretty instalments
Oh Oh Oh Jack you smooth talker okay I
went and I helped rich and he's okay
okay everything is fine how are you so I
saved him and everything is fine
everything is fine
no need to worry no need to panic made
me panic a little bit I mean just just
for shits and giggles but I did help
rich and he's fine
we're game the whole one chance
oh yeah Oh apparently there's talk of
Jay playing one chance did you hear us
in here I could hear you a little pal
fuck yeah we can hear you a little bit
good the stream yes they could
yes they cream you there's a special a
special gift to those who came out to
the stream yeah
okay all right getting back into it
you're welcome for you thank you card
oh that's kind of hot
someone says Jack even Jessi could beat
this and I think that they're right I'm
not doing so hot at the moment and I
agree with that but I'm getting there
I'm getting there
I'm not I'm not nailing it right now I
am not killing it but I'm doing my guys
I'm doing my best
Oh removed jack playing poorly you're
right you're absolutely right sorry
maybe if you would have removed the
skeleton we won't be in this funny guy
could probably tell me right hi Ricky
tell them that I see you
Jessi saved me from certain death see
told you I've never seen somebody so
small with the bus that large see guys
and that was really fast
I'm also super fast super fast yeah well
when I hear it you know when rich is in
danger
I go in I assist that's right did you
hear that incidentally yeah oh yeah I'm
bear it they have any idea what's going
on no not so ever okay good
anybody in a threat guessed it mark huh
nope no fridge I'm dying
I'm dying over here Oh suck a game jack
it's true I'm bad at games in general
I'm dying a little bit there's spikes
now okay and spikes instantly just a fly
that was funny I couldn't run so fast
everybody stopped IV
someone something you should use the
items I have been forgetting to use my
magic yes you should do that I know I'm
sorry I'm sorry everyone the invisible
one cure spikes oh it's right I forgot
about that
I suppose we're gonna make room for
three on the sculpture I think we can oh
no you have to type less for type less
for rich so he can catch up yeah song
okay remove spike remove spike yeah if I
could and no use pine resin
I know jokes don't get all jacked they
just get recycled place in spikes
ability we just survived apparently if
you make the size of the spy could fine
oh oh oh oh my god I've never done this
bad before I've never hit those spikes
before so I'm doing a new kind of bad
which I oh you got lucky there a
motherfucker
apparently that is not a insta that is
not a pit
whatever oh that's that's a nasty trick
right there and then yeah so yeah yeah
time is low visibility visibility listen bill

[Part III]
oh he's your invisibility Thank You
passive I'm gonna second the best it's
what's coming up with I'm gonna have to
use my invisibility boy okay so then we
go here what are the cups oh I use one
already freak bill magically refill
magic Amaya Billy
pick it up which I won't use yet I
accidentally use the other Cup which
made me invincible for 10 seconds which
would have been really helpful
Oh in your chemistry with this level is
terrible
yeah thank you everybody one checkpoint
no I cuz I killed the first one oh no
you know what it was dumb I did it I
regret it surely you've learned not to
listen to people in the chat by now no I
wanted to do it but you didn't know
about that until they said you're good
and then you're all about doing it yeah
cuz it gives you more gold I wanted the
gold and I'm losing oh my a losin the
gold by dying I know that now rich -
through this whole bottle by shell I
know
now well is that I'm not this is saying
I'm not feeling it here ya know this is
Jack do you think you you want to take a
break oh my god
do you think that you want to take a
break I wanna get past this at least let
me have some sort of let me have some
some dignity back
yeah at least get past the spikes I
don't know about that yes if you order a
spacecraft poster you can have anyone
sign it
no except for like Abraham Lincoln or
something you know that is so strange
that you're thinking the same thing it's
gonna say I was gonna say except for
Abraham Lincoln but not just like dead
famous person Abraham Lincoln Lincoln
specific dead person huh you and Rick
huh all right mental transference are
just bad jokes my stupid is rubbing off
on everybody that's funny is that yeah I
was calling that I was gonna say famous
person that I
pretty basic you're still doing based
yeah and I still don't know what it
means I think I think it's a mr. biased
oh sorry
you're not here oh no oh no everything's
around jack fucked everything hey guys
it's true
okay fine doing
based equals good tastes okay okay no
this means it's somehow that it means
make a game mega game I can only assume
that that based is a lot like pone and
it's it's a misspelling of biased and
now now that is the oh yeah and that is
this person spelled it right yeah that's
good that's a good job congratulations I
died again yeah yeah
what's new can't handle a few spikes I
guess yeah thank you trying to use the
item in I think the item is fucking me
up more do you think that maybe you want
to let rich play that's fine yeah thanks
Jeff for real magic oh damn the Davy
Crockett isn't here soon
we need virgins it's weird I was just
gonna say I'm supposed to tell you to
stop dying oh thank you thank you I
think that was no problem
hi you-you-you chat guys just you crack
me up with your wackiness a lot of
wackiness over here does he has the
Eagles somebody in the chat made her
giggle congratulations
rich can't even lift a bust why trust
him to play well how the fuck do you
know I can't lift a bus you say you
couldn't lift the bus cos just he had to
lift it off here yeah that's because my
arms were pinned
uh-huh by the the second bus that was
near the first bus se is based oh my god
I was laughing at the one that says
where'd it go no Jessi please relay this
message to Jack you suck that's for me
oh thank god checkpoint man hey I did it
guys I did it so fuck you guys
that did it
what Oh jack
I bet I just got the checkpoints ahh ok
fuckin oh no I think I think Jay wants to
play doctor house no not yet no not yet
don't go I'm working yo days working yo
so this is what is this called shovel
shovel knight shovel look and your night
so yeah a little shovel it's great oh I
get it do you
oh no Jack I know I'm ruining everything
but I can't I can do it cell phone oh
yeah
it's fine fine fine I'll do it I'm
supposed to tell you that you were doing
better five minutes ago was I no I was
dying five more I don't know how they
haven't seen this yet I was probably
doing more entertaining five minutes ago
stream isn't five minutes behind Ridge
no I was dying a lot before and now I'm
doing good so it's an it's less
entertaining for them oh I get it let
let rich plain huh why isn't rich plan
there God give the controller to rip I'd
really love to see rich belly this game
uh-huh uh-huh why is Jack still playing
rich is sitting there uh-huh when when
rich is on screen he should be saying
things at all times
what's the poochy one what I'm cheap
what she needs to say more thing when
and when who's not on camera other
characters where's Buchi that's what I
was thinking of when rich is not playing
other people should be saying why is it
really
yeah I'm winning shuffle em yeah shovel
we want rich but yes rich great very
rich Evans yes all these things are true
these are no I'm saying in general yes
rich was great that is a general
statement of truth oh I want jumps he
means business all right
don't you see they're lame
Oh check what this we've not wait for em
he's killing you hey no okay way home
run at what cost
I'm a I have a super potion that'll do
man
that'll heal me and all my dams when you
want to save that for later
I mean maybe I don't know what is that
it's a goblin of some sort
unless some nasty timing I knew that was
gonna hear yeah I got I missed I lost
the rhythm the rhythm is gonna getcha
bed and it's gonna getcha Hey
I mean sure it was smarter to run away
but was it is much fun that's the
question that's that's a fair response
they just said car Oh No all right it's
all right I know I know I'm failing and
I'm sorry let rich play Jesus we'll play
again
you fucks be cool about fire safety
oh nice yeah that is true you should
rich can you give us a little fling cats
and goblins as a fucking goblin what are
you thinking of ghosts and goblins oh my
god he fucking died again so Sophie you
can't tell me how to play Oh
rich please help jack with fire safety I
know yes I need to be cool about it I
should come in here with a fire
extinguisher no just start spraying oh
well you're it please tell me when
you're gonna do that though I'm gonna do
it right now okay
they aspirated down Oh God
Wow that was terrible rich mister you do
a fire extinguisher I wouldn't try that
would be good that sounds like you're
making flan
ty again make a fire or no no fire fire
doesn't hurt him but I thought I had the
ultimate trick up my sleeve
climb up the ladder yes I is your
something done yeah what do you see the
tiniest flicker of flame what
don't you hate bottomless fence and
games yeah I do
yeah I like to see the bottom if I'm
going down there I'd like to see why I
don't know just just to know that you're
not just going forever maybe I know that
you come back and you get another life
but it'd be nice to you just see the
bottom you just see the body lay in
there and just so you know that's what
happened I think pits and game should
have bottoms but you shouldn't be able
to jump up high enough to get out
so you just trap so you have to choose
your own death yeah there's like a kill
button no use it you have to restart the
game oh that's harsh that is lexer yes
this gave the time to down okay I can't
even see the play and if there's even a
little bit of fun in touching me until
Jackie should destroy the checkpoint to
get gold we learned about that oh that
would've been funny if it would have
been great you're gonna get goblin Apple
Apple's are good for you
look at this shovel Joey Joey Joey - yep
okay chipper chipper
what I should do
yeah cool me nothing nothing folks we're
sorry about something we just signed up
someone else not you okay our other
friend Jack the slime Knights there may
be minutes London where am i oh yeah I'm
in plague
this is plague night fuck I slept
overnight it's like booger Nancy oh my
god hey Kim you can't get booger nights
where he's got an extraordinarily long
snot hanging out of his okay but why do
you suck that's that's the greater
question the you know I'm still learning
I'm still uh I'm still getting the
muscle memory check this is just like
games we played thirty years ago
yeah but I thinks a while though you
haven't learned by now you're never
going to know to get back in the groove
you know like it takes all the feeling
feeling it yo I don't understand what
you're feeling I'm feet there feeling
that doesn't make any sense it makes me
it made the shovel I think you're just
saying random thanks yes
as you know rich it's all about it's all
about fee you know I I dumped the letter
all tough like disagree I disagree I'm
kinda you got to be mmm I'm a man of
science and not motion yeah I don't
believe that nonsense I'm sorry no no
it's it's not it's not a oh my god lucky
again I got really lucky again no no but
it's it is about science it's about it's
about stop
it's about don't fuck you it's not not
thinking about the game it's about not
thinking about pressing X to shovel it's
just about shoveling you know when my
muscle memory isn't down yet and
eventually it'll be second nature just
movement will be movement and then I
will get good
don't tell you what I think yeah because
I think that I'm getting sick of hearing
this excuses yeah yeah that's what I
think mordioux Jack needs to be fired
from video games Oh be a doer be a doer
not a doctor not a donor get in
is it be able I want the villains I like
everybody I like how everything looks
really no I wouldn't jump on I said okay
I don't think you're gonna win oh no I'm
definitely not
nasty also keep pressing the link
buttons which is not help because you
have memorized that the buttons to thing
chef it's not rich it's not about
memorization
it's not about memorization or sorry Jim
Phelps what button yeah it's about it's
about internalizing the buttons so that
you don't think about pressing on which
means that you remember them really good
okay it's muscle memory
check your muscles your muscles don't
have members yes they do they your
muscles don't have brain cells they
don't have any way to to movement move
them with your spinal cord and not with
your brain this is a real thing this is
the real fed on hold on
oh I came close I came very close what
by using sonic potions here that portion
together is that program same one so
it's gone yeah oh that's bad yeah no now
I'm gonna die right away he probably
should have used your potion on the
first item I think I think that was a
boneheaded move I'm gonna tell ya she's
got a little bit of practice first huh I
do not use that potion until I had like
kinda campus health oh sure sure sure
yeah no no that's fine
it's fine
Jessi tell rich that the brain is a
muscle know them the brain is a brain
the brain is a brain future fucking boom
none else raise 2016 run for president
oh well that's what I was going for
there Oh
you
you know all these people but think
brains are muscles no surprise given the
intelligence level of our chat yeah if
only they had a brain where the brain
should be instead of maybe maybe the
world wouldn't be in the mess it's in
right now oh then you know that's a
little mean but uh no Jack Jack's gonna
keep playing he's not he's not offered
me a turn even though he just finished a
level I act young you know oh my god
comes back obviously I was in horrible
pain earlier and suffering and Jack
doesn't care how long you can keep my
Jack no you're welcome you do it I'm
sorry Jen you played I'm just being an
ass
Jack sleeping dude he's leaving
fucking he's leaving everybody I finally
I finally got rid of Jack this work it's
work yeah oh my god nobody call Jack
what I just said
dislike of rich Evans intensifying rich
rich is a bully you're absolutely right
people only use 1% of their muscles
that's probably true
co-op is their co-op scheme that'd be
great
hope you're better oh my god I'm just
cutting here's what I said it's not a
beer gettin wild huh see those sweet
Dodge motor jacks Dave but don't play
yeah oh and you know you can hit their
finger with your shovel
oh you fought this everyone know you
just in general oh no no that didn't
work at all that was terrible advice you
can hit other things away with my bad
thing
oh well sorry maybe try hitting it with
your shovel
I'm a mediocre video game Asst that's
probably true
what next Jack you got sculptor I had I
don't know I don't know what anything
means you guys are saying stuff oh look
at that shit samurai cop is alive we've
seen his YouTube video it's very funny
I'm a big sister type I'm the youngest
person here that's true
yep and I won't tell anyone holding but
I'm the youngest there they're probably
there I mean I'm assuming they're 14 15
years old okay rich now Jack suckiness
is infecting rich sorry man sorry dog
you're the dog dog look Mike Mike's down
with the old memes Mike's down with the
oldest of meals no I am NOT a hundred
forty-four I'm also not 14 or 12 want to
cyber I remember that was funny
the age sex location thank you yeah I
read about that I wasn't old enough for
for the internet for the internet when I
first 1000 should have sweet dodge no
we're reading the chat we're not at all
well maybe maybe you've learned a
fingertip Jack I find it if you watch me
I don't I don't know i won
maybe maybe that's problem I beat him I
don't know and I had like two life
containers I beat him I'm you thank you
just Razzie I love you too oh never but
everybody is nice I know you're being
mean to be funny it's not gonna bother
me in a couple hours right now it's
bothering the shit out of me
but I'll be fine later what's this thing
was it the level no I think but it has a
diamond down it the other ones have oh
okay the other ones have faces talk to
that Biddy yank spikes okay I'm almost
at a point where I can hang out you're
almost done with work I'm almost done
with work what are you doing working so
late yeah I get things done do you know
what do you wanna break fuckin'-a right
oh all right now I getting the thing or
like when I'm close to being done with
an edit it's like I wanna just keep
going to get it someone says that there
were 34 Oh when they're Klingon the age
sex their Klingon sex and the location
is
it's so funny it's funny all right I'm
sorry you are you done for how much do
we want to stop for urine oh no I'm
still working oh you keep playing them
they still quote-unquote working even
though he wanted he just wanted to say
hi for a little bit yeah
you just wanted to come and say hey
y'all
there's secret memo the same
oh no I need magic I'm doomed
oh yay Jack tell rates to stop sucking I
will and also I'm supposed to tell you
that you suck people want me to play I
mean I'm saving my energy saving energy
for later yeah okay for Katamari if I
mean duck fails is priority number one
yeah sure I mean if we don't get to it
it can be next week yeah absolutely
hey but don't chicken wing what bird
buck buck treasure night that sounds fun
Oh money ha all right
pickle pickle yeah yeah I know I think I
do think it's funny in that yeah
when I play I psych when rich lazy so I
get it listen both suck I get it
or maybe that's just playing video games
more like cute Amaury all right you are
the cutest game mm oh yes I have played
card Amar'e before it is my favorite
game you die fuck DuckTales what um dr.
Jay really wanted to play duck tails now
Who am I to tell them I can't play
fucking duck tails on the stream I got
no patience for people who Jay I do I I
actually think ducktales remastered
might be a letdown after this game it
probably will want oh you know like this
this is a retro game done right with the
retro game with modern aesthetics with
ver with modern gameplay aesthetics
which is that's the way to do it oh my
god no that's that's nice oh it is nice
you can say thank you for saying that
I'm cute
Jack do you adhere to a dialectical
analysts analysis of history and class
conflict how our means when you say
stuff like that you guys should do a
vest of the worse with video games
instead of videos
no no Richard I have a video game show
where we play video games already we
might do a bad one in a couple episodes
the angry video game nerd he can cover
all of that yeah yeah there's there's
plenty there is plenty of that on the
internet if that's what you're looking
forward to some dudes talking about bad
video games you got options you're gonna
be fine maybe I'll need a Jedi to cover
that for you
Jack red or blue that's a good question
red or blue mm-hmm um I guess I prefer
blue blue blue is the somebody asked if
s to be like cake the band or the food
the answer is yes
Jack cake is a lie oh you're from video
games you know yeah rich knows I know I
hit the pause to give Jessi a hug you
guys suck ass I'm kicking right now I'm
sure you're doing very well
no how many times did you restart and
many many okay not uncountable amount of
let's see here
I like blue team just cuz they're you
know they're the the offensive team and
sometimes I like right listen guys
cake fart someone said you guys are buds
oh but I do you guys like cake farts
story we're all having a really nice
time hanging out all enjoying each
other's company Jack showed us that shit
and then everyone left it made everyone
uncomfortable no you can't Jack why are
you such a square it's because I'm
uncomfortable in most social situations
and I'm nervous around other people
that's all right I'm getting I'm getting
better
the Kings like yeah yeah if you want to
know where that's from you can just
google it yeah yeah I don't I'm Korean
Jessi do you know what us from thank you
okay right so that's why I thank you
oh no I put that look at that shit
oh my oh my god an anglerfish look at me
that's awesome
I get that trailer dog oh that treasure
I got died yeah I would do that social
anxiety and a grown man pathetic the
internet judges here I know you do and
that's kind of what brings up it's all
right I'm working on it okay
oh that's not true no I smell fine Jack
does not smell that I just smelled
myself yeah now he doesn't have smell
that I'm fine my breath probably smells
like nos energy drinks at the moment but
I'm gonna chew some gum in a second Oh
Jack how do you know all the fish names
because that's a very famous fish yeah
hey what free shots common that is a
that is a that's a famous fish the whole
fish with the dee-lee dee-lee light I
don't know how the fish is named I know
that one and I know
motherfucking Nemo is a clownfish was it
tough all that bullshit bullshit balls a
lionfish a flounder a stingray I sure
would rich whale do you guys hear this
bitch is fucking nail and fish names
over here a dying fish angelfish Oh
lemon campus in Spain has more talents
than all of you combined does not true
no it's absolute truth that man you know
what that man has Drive he's got a dream
you got a shovel then dog you got a
dagger
downward shovel them bonesaw like
they're getting me from the side yeah
but you got to get above and bounce off
from dung
maybe maybe if you could just play
better fuck with and I agree
Jessi it really is an angel it's true we
like Jessi a lot she's our friend
oh I know she's a friend now it says
that they say there's Jack Stern no
leverage play you know sometimes it just
takes a couple levels that's why look at
so this guy I've been doing pretty damn
good would you rather have a carpeted
bathroom or have a car that randomly
honks once a week absolutely and no one
wants a car my bad no that's gross yeah
that's disgusting yeah only ones a
Weedle I'm Jessi tell rich a whale is
not a fish he should use his brain
muscle that's great hmm you yeah
carpeted bathrooms whoever thought that
was a good idea does this I I don't know
I that's the people I've seen it before
I've been in houses with carpeted
bathrooms before really yeah it's a
gross thing like if I take a magazine in
bathrooms back when magazines were a
thing if I took a magazine into the
bathroom it would be the bathroom
magazine I would not leave until I threw
it in the garbage because I would think
it would absorb stuff carpets the same
thing to you yeah
I'm trying to keep up
sorry guys trying to reduce chat yeah I
think carpeted bathrooms were like a 70s
thing I totally agree with that
oh you can attack on ladders that looks
awesome
thank you I will not be your way foo
what didn't we go through what a wave
who is last time in the stream and I
forgot sorry
Japanese wife could be like a wife that
I don't know I will not I'm sorry
Oh whatever I died it's bullshit
whenever a Jack theis fucking idiot
yeah yes it's true okay what college did
you guys go to I didn't go to no college
not the sound I know that's all that's
all I got I did I took I went I went to
UW Waukesha for a half a semester and
then I call bullshit on it
Mountain College in general it wasn't my
thing
hey work it works really well for some
people it just wasn't my thing I don't
want to I don't want to be College
hating you leave an anchor yeah that's
awesome
not really I mean it's just cool you get
weapons what guys are cool
where is chiku Jay's working he's
getting ahead of time clearly clearly
the game fucked up jack is from the
streets it's very true
Tim school prepares you for life film
school prepares your projection yeah no
you know what they're here ha ha as
someone who has given talks to film
school said someone who has never been
to film school here's what I could say
there is some really good things about
film school and one of them is the
people that you meet you will you will
meet a lot of people at film school and
that you might end up working with those
people later on and so making those
contacts is a really important thing but
you can also just do that outside of
film school ok yeah guy never Trump's
Jack this traitor
family school prepares you for film
school
exactly exactly I don't know why that's
funny to me but Jack went to farm school
if I had a workout routine it would
involve me raising the jambs it would
also involve me jimmying some sort of
who move up you mean that I can network
without crippling student debt yeah
listen some people will really enjoy a
film school and have a good time at it
and learn stuff important stuff again it
just wasn't for me
oh please shank all the way down rich it
was supposed to come back up can't go
down can't do it the game the game
taught me that acres go better you come
off my anchors so I tried to do that I'm
sorry
Oh Jack why did you leave the farm was
it awful
I loved the farm not by my choice I was
young and I believe we left the farm so
we could go to a different school
there's a better school district in the
suburbs so we moved from the farm to the
suburbs and and we hated it because we
had neighbors and so we moved back to a
different part but I lived in the
suburbs
don't hit those suburbs for a little bit
and that was weird
yeah suburbs is a weird yo oh rich
they're telling me not to tell you not
to jump into holes oh just uh just a
friendly edge of the screen equals death
yeah so as a usual video game thing Jack
were you Amish Jack you ever smoke weed
hash tag 420 Yolo swag
I by the way I just read that I loved
because I liked the hash tag I don't do
drugs do I have an occasional beer and I
drink a lot of caffeine I don't do drugs
not anymore what yeah sorry whatever
Jack was your farm ever attacked by
Raiders Jack were you do it no I was
gonna do it I was Catholic he'll it was
a small farm we had a cornfield in back
we had some cows some chickens and some
horses you're the only person I've ever
met that has worked on a farm yeah yeah
it was farmers it was a small part like
we had two cows I want to say and I got
I had to milk the cows so I milked the
cows we had chickens I don't think we
ever killed our chickens and I don't
know why but we had their eggs and and
there's a cornfield that's all
Pete I fucking hate everything yeah
alright I officially suck worse than
Jack yeah it's happening rich sucks oh
oh yeah I'm okay rich you were out of
the room when I told Jack this but
spikes are bad oh oh so just so you know
Jack did you ever use a shuffle on the
farm if so why do you suck that's a good
joke I like that
very funny okay we're in Wisconsin did I
farm way and on the south side of the
state close to the illenore in the
Illinois border Hollander
did you ever pet your cows sure well
you'd have to put you up to brush cows
every once in a while so I would brush I
have become suck Oh No
yes Milwaukee is apartment well I know
it is so pretty if it's agree what no I
disagree with you that Milwaukee's a
farm yeah oh you know there's a lot of
farmland genera in the Greater Milwaukee
area actually yeah I don't think
anything in the city limits is a farm no
Milwaukee wise but we have a lot of
farms another cow
yeah cows are weird cows are great
though they're very docile and then just
fake just hang cows like the hang I
brushed my cows it's I know this must be
weird for a lot of people like it's not
this is where the food comes from it
comes from farms this is why like I've
never had a problem with being in a
meat-eater
I am very particular about where my food
comes from and in general I know I know
the farm that my eggs and my meat comes
from because I like knowing that kind of
stuff and it's important to me
and so like i go to i go to spit very
specific butcher shops that I know where
the farm comes from and and now we're
gonna stop talking about farming I know
I never could you know cuz I grew up on
the farm I don't need to pretend farm
kid jack have you ever killed an animal
yes yes here here's my animal killing
story so after after I was I'm going to
hate you know it's this was the part
mother I know where Meg's come from I
know I do different you know why I grew
up on a farm that stuff is important to
me so here's here's my animal killing
story I'm gonna tell it okay I'm gonna
tell it because I have no shame in this
I know I have six six six gold I have
two oh praise Satan and all through this
level No thank God please praise Satan
give me the almighty power alright so
after the farm I was a butcher and I was
a butcher for a couple years I had a
really great butcher shop know Satan oh
yeah and one time they let me kill a pig
and I killed them with a bolt gun the
kind that you see in no country for old
men and then they showed me how to bleed
it and cut up all the little pieces and
I got to keep a pork tenderloin and I
cooked it up that very day the very day
that I killed the pig I cooked up the
pork tenderloin and it was great and
that's my story about killing a pig I've
done
you see that yeah okay I'm supposed to
do this I'm supposed to do okay
no be gone okay oh wait I think I'm
gonna leave the pig did not tell me
about its spider for a friend
did it feel pain I'm sure for a
microsecond it doesn't matter though
because it's dead because it's dead and
I ate it and that's that's how life
works and that's how that's yeah what do
they hate you no no no people are asking
question can I tell another boring farm
sir I know I want to stop talking about
the farm but you assholes keep asking me
questions about the fucker you ask me
different questions and I'll tell you a
different story
oh yes so I removed the pig skeleton
thank you that was good yeah I did I I
was the chicken guy at my butcher shop
most of it I'm sure you made some boat
and pork chops on it yeah absolutely
I was the chicken guy at the butcher
shop and so it's my job to to process
all the chickens we get whole chickens
and then you know I'd make those little
pieces breasts thighs wings debone that
sort of thing
Jack tell us the story of how you met
rich my first I met Jay Mike yeah and I
wanna I wanna I I met you because you
met Jim I yes some point a mother Bri
I'm sure I'm trying to think of various
not spectacular story you know what was
the very first time that we were
together probably feeding frenzy I
played Larry and feeding frenzy and so
that was probably the very first time no
it has to be before that it wasn't I
don't know you were here for a couple of
Grabowski weren't you just one of them
one of the alien okay no that you were
in that one no I was not in that why
so ya must have been feeding frenzy so
yeah I met I met rich when we were
shooting feeding frenzy and that's
that's it and then slowly and slowly he
came up to Milwaukee more and more it
Mike Mike and Jay were living up here
before I was
yeah yeah
don't never drink how much why don't I
have a dream I'm mad I didn't get my
dream Jeff stay there for well no well
you usually get the dream before you
wake up maybe maybe it has something to
do with like how well you did on the
level and you only get a dream if you
don't know jack rich do you like sushi i
love sushi largest seafood richard
Zulueta do seafood they go Jack how long
did it take to film hey pass me a beer
the first one we filmed in one day hey
pass me beer one we've literally filmed
that in one day just driving around the
city to different locations the second
one we went all around the state of
Wisconsin and it took us eight days we
drove around the state of Wisconsin for
eight days going we literally just went
around the border of Wisconsin going to
all the landmarks that we could and it
was super fun
we took an 8 day road trip
Jack are you fucked by five thousand I
am I think we've been through that and
on the stream before
Jack are you enriched going steady now
absolutely I gave him my ring and he
gave me his love Letterman's jacket that
is completely false completely but got
your mind blown by look come on Luce
hey member great oh that's awesome
fleshie acrobatic useless oh that's
really funny when eating gold so that's
the hook
you only have 32 that I had way more
gold than that why spend them on some
other spell at some point okay and yeah
oh you can go back to you remember the
swamp you can go back to the swamp and
fill up those goblets with with magic
potions and stuff there's something they
charge probably something I probably
forget what it was
let's see here I want gold now
all I saw was someone saying of course
they have day jobs we do have day jobs
it's making Internet videos
skin looks great I'm really happy with
this game so far I'm really excited to
play this more I like the state of
Wisconsin in general I don't know what
that question is supposed to mean but I
enjoy living here
I don't hate Mystery Science Theater mm
I didn't have cable growing up so I
didn't see much of it the episodes I
have seen have been very funny I've seen
about two episodes and I've actually
avoided it since we've been doing best
of the worst cuz oh I don't want to see
one of these movies that we may end up
doing sure you don't want to you know I
take joke Sam yeah okay that's fine oh
yeah I've seen a couple episodes in
there well I want to take jokes and I
don't want to see the movies either sure
sure yeah I gotta stay fresh I guessed
it you know what guys gotta stay fresh
um here's what we're gonna do I think
it'll break yeah we're gonna take a
little break we're gonna run a
commercial and everybody be cool

[Part IV]
hmm oh it's ready to go it's ready to go
well listen we're having a conversation
about an old comedy show so nothing's
more important and nothing more farts
that microphone that's right damn I know
I'm just playing okay I didn't know if
you were gonna do it any times I like to
check that they have the battery and
switched off position that's a good idea
out of time for just a month yeah
what's the batteries I don't know if
you're gonna be like a close-up mic bit
don't okay just for tonight
sure oh here's a message for you Mike
Mike your woman is getting out of line
you need to put her in her place
no she's trying to vote focus is trying
to vote yeah put me back in the kitchen
right yeah well I stay home and I make
sandwiches and then Mike says I'll put
your vote in for you and they say okay
okay
should we start playing one finger type
lunch in the in the video game let me
grab a so okay you grab my soda
I'm gonna take I want to take your place
yeah we just had something playing in
the background yeah I'm here we can
converse no he'll want that light back
up here yeah this is gonna be inviting
as opposed to the harsh fluorescent ah
it's kind of brightening hair is he you
know it does not bother me student I've
never played this game before you guys
know that
every press matters by mashing will kill
you okay we're gonna figure out how to
play don't wanna too
any man who's owned it okay Alison
Ritter who think it's like a rhythm
thing oh well but it's not really
because they just sent you like a
beatboxing everybody knows I have no
rhythm
oh that's nice oh my ex PI for 60 thank
you for saying something nice AME no X
in pinyin
and press wrong butter you do tell me to
button suppress I haven't but now what
you do I don't have to be when you
should process you get hit I know guys
this is kind of dumb I'm sure I'm sure
there's more to it maybe it gets more
confident I'm sure I mean I must someone
wants to know about nanu let's serve it
no she's dead the first thing to know is
its any and then oh oh
nanu not nanu nanu they like my
beatboxing everybody does no good
nobody does nobody does this looks too
simple
this is I don't know guys
I'm pressing two buttons
say this out loud
Jai remove your skeletons what does that
mean thank you Mike
oh is that in this game no it's no
what's the running thing it's the
running day people give us bad advice
that was that was bad advice we got
during the stream that's pretty lazy
character design man yeah so they're
supposed to look like a bathroom like
men and women sign from our bathroom you
know what looks like yeah just a
stylistic thing I guess I haven't
it's stylistically designed to be that
way oh my god Mike I can't believe you
just said bad what am I supposed to do
here tiny little brushes this is this is
a human time waster
good eye blood that's cool yes I mean
it's kind of neat I just don't feel like
I'm doing anything I'm pressing two
buttons not even left or right now sure
no it's just two buttons thank you
I'm sorry I was looking for the car
button I didn't see one no there's no
kind of fun I guess I won maybe it gets
harder
Oh guys guys this game kind of sucks I'm
not I'm not super into this game yeah
when can we play Katamari no that's
gonna be next time how is that yeah this
is that next time if you want to do it
right now no I can't just gotta go I
have to leave but I'll be back I'm only
leaving for a little bit how long is
over uh however long it takes me to get
tense up I'm just kidding that's just a
joke right someone wants to know about
the Windy City Thunderbolts really yeah
I like them when you say Thunderbolts I
used to I used to live like five minutes
from where they play or what the games
all the time I I enjoy baseball quite a
bit minor league baseball is the best
though we should get front-row tickets
for like oh my god you just lost half
your audience I love baseball
shit I like minor league baseball
semantics of of my baseball I have not
had any drinks this evening I saw a
championship winning game the shit only
cost me 10 bucks it's great you have a
lightsaber yeah
I'm just pressing guys this that's kind
of a why than the title was it was
called one you know finger punch right
it smells technically I could prints two
buttons with one I guess I am Tony I'm
only using my thumb so okay rich is a
White Sox guy for those washed yeah yeah
a cup site and the Brewers done
excitement and riches a Green Bay
Packers fan as well
no yes he is no I'm not yeah he is no
I'm not no spoilers
he is super spoilers on Photoshop
challenge everyone rich Evans look great
package that you do that post it cuz you
know they will I don't think anybody
will actually I don't think anybody will
do it
Photoshop you and Green Bay Packers here
and then post it on our Facebook page
I just don't think anyone will actually
do that was getting better Jack oh no
he's been photoshopping yeah there will
not be a million pictures of you and
Packers the tire on our Facebook page
yeah
so my background I get like I'm starting
to get it now I like I'm still on the
first two buttons here which I know it's
kind of a thing
you
Oh Italian checkers checkers is a time
waster you like checkers there just wait
what do you know you're like an 80 year
old man yeah so I like chicken I studied
the great checker champions ma'am and I
follow the rules just to see what they
do so that I can improve my checker art
that way till two or four eight is a
good game uh-huh
that's time waster to o4a yeah
economy those looks like an amusing tiny
waist right I find it yes an amusing
time waster I think is a really good way
of putting it I just I can't imagine me
ever making up this game again oh my god
what's happening well this came rolling
like two bucks two bucks is pure
understand I I want to say someone
gifted me this game so I'm okay with it
I think if I would pay for this game I
would have I would have felt cheated but
because someone gets it to me I feel
fine about it yeah
SB is the more on the story this is a
fun this is a fun little time waster
come on
I think megabyte is it all right yeah
that's the thing we'll play flappy bird
that's exactly what this is camera -
yeah flappy bird is popular I don't
think Mike would like FTL I think he
would be bored yeah and where's the next
one I think I think Mike there's like
video game
are they even reading the chat we they
work for a little bit oh yeah knit hog
that was on your thing as yeah yeah
knit how it looks like fun quick Judas
run oh yeah we'll just we'll do that
we'll do a quick Binding of Isaac it's
fine no like it's just yeah it's just a
little you know you just press the
buttons
the challenge is doing it faster and not
missing right it's a it's a game where
you perfect what you do right right
that's fine no I don't think Mike would
like the Star Trek FTL nog because he
doesn't like games he doesn't know like
video games he doesn't he wouldn't get
into it I think for someone like rich
and I who like Star Trek end video games
see I do that now it's something we
would really enjoy but I don't think
Mike would visit this yeah it's fine no
I think it's fine
spelunky I love spelunky spelunky is
great this monkey is a fantastic game I
got it on my Vita 100% of it and I loved
it
expensive spent a lot hours on spelunky
it's a great little great little
platformer
I missed prime will press the buttons
that's every game Jack I know but this
is only two buttons I unless I get it
it's just it's not my thing it's fine
it's fine
time jack would you consider streaming a
board game play if I could if I could
figure out how to do it I would consider
that I think that would be fun I think
if we could do it like a top-down angle
on the board if we do a top-down hang on
the board it might work that might be
extra boring but we'll see if we can
figure it out I would love to do a board
game stream just because I like board
games
oh god losing losing losing
listen you can you can defeat Oh Mac you
just got what you got work it you gotta
want it it's going to get into it isn't
everything fine with EEM no Muslims are
fine with me there are some things that
I feel insulted by this is fine this is
not offensive to me yeah this game this
game is not offensive to me it's fine
think it gets better on the later levels
when it's more complicated yeah that's
hitting yeah yeah agreed because I got
they switch the other side you have pay
attention of that yeah so I'm sure it's
fine you guys should throw some money at
the stream maybe some cams cream that's
cream pride no we don't want to do
cameras well you know well think about
that one day maybe we'll do a thing
where like after after play in between
play we'll do like cat yeah Kim's for
chats but it's not gonna happen anytime
soon
Jay is finishing up an edit he will be
in momentarily
Mike hates video games oh my god
I think that you know what some of
someone is missing
someone is saying we should play Trivial
Pursuit on the stream I think that would
be the most boring stream ever in
existence I'm sorry I'm sorry
that's fun okay thank you
yeah a lot of people want like a facecam
and I don't understand why anyone would
want to look at us more than they have
to just and it's more work it's another
it's another wire when we already have a
zillion wires in here why is Jessie
taking like 45 minutes leave because
she's got shit to do dog and get ready
to leave yeah bye okay can I talk a
little bit about cards against humanity'
have you played that card cards against
humanity'
I have nothing what that if you ever
played like apples to apples yeah yeah
here's the thing these are not games
everyone likes to play these games at
parties
they are conversation stimulators cards
against humanity' is not a game it is to
play it's an excuse to say weird things
and as someone who says weird things for
a living it bores me cards against
humanity' bores me because it's not a
game
I forgot to update that we're playing
one Finger Death Punch and you know it's
one it's one of those things that
everyone likes to play when we are in a
social setting and I grit my teeth and
I'm just like okay sure I don't think
it's a game I hate it hey I don't hate
it I do oh yeah see your cards against
humanity' bothers me that insults me as
a gamer so there's stuff there's
something that I don't think is fine
there you go that's my thing
DuckTales is coming up we will play
ducktales
that's right kellam me see like if
you're 14 years old cards against
humanity' I'm sure is hilarious you get
to say weird stuff and it's really funny
for for kids so you're good for you but
not my thing Jack hates everything it's
true
um Jay is editing J is anything you will
be in shortly
I think they know Jay is having if they
I'm asking at this point they're just
kind of fucking with us yeah when I
forget I forget sometimes that you guys
fuck with us sorry
yes cards against humanity' is like a
marketing persons version of a game
exactly exactly and you know it in in
like a party situation it's fine because
like maybe like it gets the conversation
going and it gets there it's the it's an
icebreaker it's not a game it's an
icebreaker
you get to talk to people and that's
fine it's just dumb I hate it it's fine
but I ate it yes it's a lot of doorbell
my favorite type of burger is the meat
kind I had a great hamburger this one
time and it was a it was a hamburger
patty and on top of that it was a bra
patty all on a pretzel bun with hot
mustard it was awesome I forget where I
had it but it was great regular meat
patty brought patty on a pretzel bun
dough cheese burger with lettuce mayo
tomatoes and onion yeah it's good to the
California bacon and bacon is a bacon is
a lot agree um Jack will you ever stream
some classic doom I don't like the rich
like do a lot
I might make Jack with I think Doom is
ugly and dumb no so I like those or a
classic yeah is that a thing yeah okay
would you be interested in playing
brutally maybe Mme
why is yak obsessive calling things
non-games because some things aren't
games Jackson Jackson Nancy ah ideas a
Nancy then has a narrow definition of
what a game shouldn't can't be no I like
a game already has a definition of what
it should and can be and some things are
not games I would not call a choose your
own adventure book a game I would call
it a and choose your own adventure book
cards against humanity' technically is a
game but the rules are subjective
therefore it is not a game there are no
concrete rules I like my games to have
concrete rules that I win and did I lose
that means that can use strategic and or
lose cards against humanity' everyone
has a subjective opinion of whether you
win or lose therefore it's not a game I
dislike I kind of like this game I'm
sure this is fun no this one finger
death punch is fine it's not Myka
it's not my kind of thing but it's fine
Richie's really enjoying I keep I get it
rich gets it likes it it's not my kind
of thing
right that well that's what I am wolf
thing that's why we were talking about
earlier we were talking about the
Walking Dead video game and I don't know
if that technically counts as a video
game it's an interactive story and but
they don't there's no market for an
interactive story so they have to call
it a video game so people will buy it
and some people enjoy it and then that's
fine you know that's not how games work
Jack what's not how games work you have
to give me more than that
there's scoring in what cards against
humanity' car the way cards against
humanity' works it's like apples apples
you know you put two cards together and
then someone says which card they think
is the best but there's no there's no
concrete rules yes it's fine one finger
death punch is fine
the rules are country you choose the
card that best suits the person picking
the best card so you are able to use the
knowledge of your friends personalities
to win but that's not kind of create
like it can change it can change on a
whim I think is dumb I don't like a
virtual novel is a great way shut up
Jack you nerd I'm with you I'm not
liking something like apples to apples
Bob it's a game it's technically a game
it may not be a good one this is one
thing because the rules are not as
concrete as I would prefer I just like
it this is magic I bet I think I called
this game fine
Jack to you
in a perfect world view would never stop
playing the game oh one of these streams
I'm gonna make him play no more here
listen he's gonna watch cutscenes ah
fuck your returns and your cutscene
bullshit
- you ever played cards against
humanity' yeah yeah that's what you
think it's amazing is that fun I just
like it then I can play it with you
you've played it with me at my house if
I play it a few times I like it yeah
floppy boy I got I got I dislike I just
like it cuz I don't think it's a game no
it's something to do with friends a
social setting for fun yeah that's fine
it's an icebreaker is what I'm gonna
it's a fine icebreaker I don't think
it's an icebreaker because you have to
know your friends in order know what
kind of stuff you can get away with hmm
and what type of things they were spun -
sure George oh it's the exact opposite
of an icebreaker Jack it's a great
icebreaker because then people leave my
favorite kind of icebreaker half-life -
that's a great example of a game that
tells you the story without you ever
leaving the game Metroid Prime is a
great example of a game where you get
story through playing the game these are
good games every good game good game
game damn right oh man we're gonna get
some rain for some duck tails oh man
we're gonna duck tails Jack doesn't like
it because it requires him to be in a
social setting yes that's also part of
it I think
well no I think doom is ugly
I think doom is that I've made over Sam
stupid
we've also it's one of the best things
about it so you're wrong absolutely
wrong
absolutely I'm absolutely wrong all the
time I'm wrong all the time someone is
saying Jack linked to the pastor ocarina
of time I had enjoyed them both like the
best easily I'm you know I have not
played either in a while I remember I
really and you're probably asking that
because of the new sequel itis that came
out how I get on Oh all i reaiiy were
good morning ducktales yeah yeah let me
move to a process let me move to video
yeah
uh I enjoyed both as a kid I I really
like Sophia you're good to turn that up
how do I turn this off so he doesn't
want me to leave
well press this don't clog the computer
unplug the computer this keyboard we're
trapped
oh that's it huh just from moving it
back and forth a button fell off that's
what happens I think I think I like that
Karina and he made some really good
points about why he dislikes it that's
all I needed to finish that thought just
don't we're not gonna yeah Jay really
likes Macarena of time but the debate
chair all right the duck chair you make
things happen things should be happening
are they gonna do a thing oh my god
yeah we want steam to configurated steam
we gotta fill you guys
remove computer Jack what do you think
of ego after ah I think he's a good
animator and I enjoy his sequelitis
series that's oh yeah he didn't he's the
one that does this decline this is you
would you would like it because I saw
something when he was shitting on the
new thief he shits on ocarina of time in
favor length of su you would really like
the franchise

[Part V]
Jay: I'll go with easy. Also I don't know what  any of these buttons do, so...
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Rich: We'll figure it out.
Jay: I, I bet I will.
Rich: It's, it's...
Jay: Oh, my god. The controller vibrates when bombs go off.
Jack: Ooh.
Jay: This is the most exciting thing.
Rich: Am I the only one who turns that feature off whenever I can? 
Jack: Do you?
Rich: It just annoys me. They added cutscenes and shit, Jay.
Jay: Oh, this is annoying. I don't care about cutscenes.
Jack: Don't cutscene suck?
Jay: Can I skip it?
Jack: I mean, I'm sure...press the start button, this little guy right here? Oh, skip cinematic.
Jay: Yes I would like to do that.
Rich: Aww, they spent time animating this, Jay.
Jay: You know, it looks fine.
This really does look, this looks fancy.
HD remake, and all, yo.
As long the game plays the same.
Mm-hmm.
Is that the idea, it's the same game, right?
It's the exact same game, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. And everything looks different, but it's the same game.
Need to figure out my buttons here.
Jump, pogo...
And it's on a Nintendo that only had two buttons, so jump and pogo...
yeah oh you're dropping diamonds there I
don't know they disappeared not entirely
sure what I'm supposed to be doing here
oh my god I'm at a cutscene already
remove cutscene skips in a minute
another skip cymatic into another
cinematic line yeah jump on things
please that was nice this perfectly
illustrates my point
this is obnoxious so you just kind of
want to play the game yes
remember in the Nintendo when you could
just play the game you've already been
Pogo jumping and it takes a little break
to tell you how to pogo jump
oh fuck everything I'm gonna cutscene
again
yeah cuz this is because now video game
developers think that everyone's an
idiot and so they stop you from playing
the game to tell you
oh my god yeah I haven't done anything
yet I know this is really annoying this
is our way to shut it off like
permanently that would be nice
see if there's a just I guess you just
have to skip there's no sure you're
fucking it up the game is fucking it up
Mike he's playing a ball this looks
pretty exciting it would be a fight
oh fuck if people have no patience no I
don't have any patience hey don't move
because of the cutscenes I just wanna
play the game now I am but before you
weren't I agree I agree with you Jay
don't listen to rich he's a fuckwit
there there is no not an idiot option
that would be nice if there was a not an
idiot option oh oh what is that
you can jump on that and get the other
guy a nice get them diamonds I remember
all this but now you get fancy animated
backgrounds yo this looks nice oh damn
it why you a year of the glad you're
right mike has been here the entire time
he's just been quiet oh I see what I'm
looking they've been working you guys
have don't work ups
I didn't mean to yeah you did it can you
only focus on people is that really
really yeah I've never played this game
yeah you can't just jump and land on
them oh yeah playing shovel knight what
this was a great idea yeah very similar
that's fun
oh I see what's going on here the new
Schlitz mmm
let's oh that's classic shorts
is what it is because for a while they
suck cussing going on mmm that's nice
Scots it's good we want to hear it
drinking game every time day cutscene
take a drink oh wait I didn't mean to do
that
I'll get the hang goes I think I think
they added this level teach you things
that you learn just by playing the
original on your own specific wasn't the
original cuz I guess 'sir didn't start
it up on the screen we haven't think
where you went
well yeah you know I remember that
there's a scream you get to pick what
adventure you go on really yeah the
original matter at all Oh Mike there's a
question for you house how does it feel
to be so talented but to have less
talented people like Mira knowing smile
it's funny enough where I said that well
how do I get this guy down I'm probably
going to hit the bowl go the other way
and I've been falling down and you can
use it again and that you probably
should have jumped on a can before you
moved it over it did it though yeah
maybe I did everything wrong that's okay
I'm so fun if she wasn't the cutscene
maybe hey no
they give me embraces I'm just talking
that's the game follows it by yeah it's
a super good game
oh my god oh what the ball that roll
over on a collector yeah and you have to
rebuild the stars yes please skip
cutscene they drink
oh yeah hey Lou I got a cake the cake
was not a wife
no that's we already did that one we
already did that
yeah no he did again don't care do it
like five more times then it'll be funny
again that's how it works good like is
it not something you should do no and of
course it's sometimes people feel how do
people feel about Jay skipping the
cutscenes yeah I'm sure they feel okay
with it but they might hate it who knows
you know what they're gonna have to deal
with it here they said we're gonna be
sloshed if we have to drink every cut
yeah
oh my god I keep trying to avoid it and
I just oh sorry guys Channel still says
we're playing shovel knight it yeah
actually it should have said we were
playing one Finger Death Punch yeah
every guy's ducktales remastered say
skip cuts in okay we just update it's a
notch it said ducktales remastered thank
you oh okay the Amazon Transylvania the
mines the Himalayas and the moon I don't
know where some of this I remembered you
played the second book it was the type
notes to know I think there's duck tales
we'll see thank you yes I want to travel
to the Amazon do it what's slime and
animals disease we played shovel knight
how about we play online for a few hours
before this yeah so that's why it said
we were playing gentleman sorry about
6:30 yeah we did so we got a good than
Monticello my tent
really love that game right press the
start to bring up a map oh okay oh don't
forget to jump on them monkeys oh you
got skills
oh no I missed that one yes he will go
to the moon don't worry
no I didn't want to hit you dummy did
you call him a dummy I told ya the
monkey I don't mean you call them one
gear down I don't care play the goddamn
game he's 9 years old they did this for
the fans uh-huh well you know what it's
there if people want to hear it yeah um
he's gonna bite me isn't he yeah I
should have done that oh look at the
animation right yeah this is good man I
can't believe that that's beautiful
it looks like a cartoon
oh my lord
I mean mark of the ninja is like George
of the jungle in what way I have no idea
what that means other than the name of
the something right no similarities I
like that Reverend I like market image
it is fun game or even just my favorite
okay really good stealth camera yeah
I've never thought they could pull off
to the sill and then they did yeah yeah
Morgan Inge is really funny God and I
didn't get too far in it just cuz it got
a little say me for me but oh what do I
do here
maybe like jump a little out and come
back yeah hey when it comes down pull
the jump overs ass oh you can poop on
this place yeah well there you go oh my
god planning Jay is the best video game
right absolutely Jays doing great doing
he's doing great duck tails no no Jay is
doing perfectly acceptable all these
storms is annoying though hey you want
to go to the Amazon I guess this is all
my fault get that ice cream oh yeah
it really is good animation it looks it
doesn't look fantastic
this looks nice and as long as it plays
the same like that's that's a good
remake then right yeah see this is what
I don't like despite spikes on the top
and the bottom Oh or am I supposed to
bounce - oh that's the challenge I
wonder a message coming back Arnie oh
yeah just take the hit Oh take the heart
hit I didn't want to do that but I did
that's your chest judge you judge it or
second speed sometimes this game looks
like a cartoon let me give my stupid
item yeah anytime I get anything they
give me a cutscene yeah oh if only there
was a cutscene to tell you what to do
yeah
or you know you could just play the game
and explore naturally that's what yeah
yeah you know kind of like how you're
supposed to play a game
it's okay Jay wasn't a rich he wants
more cutscenes rich wants more cutscenes
stop more gameplay let me know the story
you're a fucking duck that's the story
jump on shit
Oh Emmitt it's not what I meant to do
no oh I am anti cutscene
yes good for you Jack how do you feel
about the Reuben sandwich it's a fine
sandwich if done I've done right it's a
fine sandwich corn corned beef
a gift from the heavens I enjoy
sandwiches more than most o cuphead I
really am looking forward to competent
cuphead it's good but it's come in uh
it's a I I know nothing about the game
except for the art style is like those
old like black and white Mickey cartoons
and like this it's like a cartoon yeah
cuphead looks super fun only from art
cell oh and I know nothing about the
game it could be a turn-based RPG for
all I know but it looks really fun it
looks like a game I don't want to play
conducts even jump it's only a game well
not yet they don't oh wow what's that I
don't know what I'm hurrying up by not
bouncing per day oh yeah you got super
invincibility go in backwards wish
dammit stop now what's my opinion now
what's everybody what's your opinion on
grilled cheese I like yeah it's fine but
never buy it at a restaurant because
it's overcharged that's why my
restaurant is toasted bread and cheese
you should never be more than two
dollars
Koster 598 if no cuz some restaurants
have amazing grilled-cheese really yes
you're not going to the right places if
it's let's just like a couple slices of
cheese and grilled bread then they're
cheating you but I'm always always
reluctant to get it well she is dropping
a comment on the east side amazing
grilled cheese well could they put shit
in there that's what makes it great
yeah Oh like there's ham and bacon and
spiders on him oh they don't do that no
they do bacon oh yeah there's bacon and
there's tomato hmm several different
kinds of cheese it's great yeah I did
not go up here Oh
Jack explained to Jay what invincibility
frames are explained to me anything I'm
not you know what fucking I'm not gonna
explain anything he used to do it did
you did you watch the cartoon by a
Spectre eh Jake oh yeah yeah I was a fan
of scary men if I was playing this by
myself you maybe I would oh I'm just
playing I'm just genuinely curious is
somebody who loved the cartoon show yeah
yeah I've got st. people only do know
that's cool that's cool but I just want
to I just on a plate yeah but no
personally I don't care I feel like am i
handsome
yeah no I I was a fan of this cartoon it
was a good show I think I would still
skip the cutscenes because if I wanted
to listen to the dialogue
I would watch a cartoon this is a game
yeah two different mediums for two
different things that's like getting a
new episode of cartoon but I wouldn't
watch the cartoon now is it because
you're an adult I mean I did oh no bill
oh oh my god
did he kill you with his laser eyes no I
just fell down oh the laser eyes are
there all the time
oh yeah it's uh what's his name
Launchpad McQuack yeah nice I think it's
kind of lazy
are you are LM guys looking forward to
the Twin Peaks blu-ray release yes all
the deleted firewalk of my footage
mm-hmm I've not been that excited about
anything in a while cheese sandwich like
a really good grilled cheese sandwich
really good I know
torn piece is better than a good grilled
cheese sandwich you want do some real
talk for a second I don't have a blu-ray
player no no
well you just read everything I stream
everything everything's digital my house
up I I do not buy as much physical media
as I used to but I like district
collectors things like scream factory
has been putting out some pretty great
releases and I'm buying a lot of stuff
that are things I never would have
expected to see remastered in HD
maybe Oh like Oh secret like I just
discovered the film transfers is coming
out on blu-ray this month I'm very
excited but that's something where it's
like kind of lame a movie but I never
would have expected someone to give it
at any sort of special edition treatment
I sort of think that it exists is
exciting to me that's good I bought life
force on blu-ray I mean that's worth it
bendrix things I saw years later like oh
my god I shouldn't make you sad in your
heart for not having a blu-ray player
because I still watch a lot of movies
but I just stream them through one of
the 1000 high-definition streaming
services that are out there
oh yes you know what if curse of the
wolf comes out on blu-ray on standard
definition video then I will get a
blu-ray that is not something on video
yeah oh I almost forgot to skip the the
scene
Oh oh man some point right now is that
on blu-ray is great is that what your
blu-ray
it looks too great on blu-ray they they
cut out their tennis shoes yeah no I
really liked what was was the ninja
movie that we watched on blu-ray
ninja three ninja Mets scream angry
that's the company I was talking about
they're doing amazing work you know and
like like we I think we mentioned in the
episode see you can see the string
that's holding the man yeah word up
because it's on blu-ray and that is
beautiful to see all of those
imperfections going backwards right
yeah I've not been this direction no I
didn't do anything you know what I'm
gonna throw this out to everyone how do
we feel about piracy I'm not a fan of
viruses like on the high seas no no did
you yeah I don't fire it stuff I don't
fire it stuff
there's here so I feel that virus oh no
I paid for the games I have but I really
like the game I will try to find a
pirated copy of it as well in addition
the one I paid for
because with online DRM there's no
guarantee you'll get to hold on to that
game you have it so the company says
well our servers not supporting it
anymore hi so you know III love X come correct for
exes they definitely got my money but that
might be a pirated version on my
harddrive I'm not saying there is oh but
there might be all right okay all right
yeah no I don't I don't steal things
because it is is you know like we can
call it pirating but it's stealing see
piracy caused this miss piracy cause
this would live dieren and you know in
my mind you get this a very strict no
privacy yeah but no I almost say there
was archivist archivist at this point
archivist okay sure sure okay I don't
know it's it's just one of those things
where you know if you enjoy something
pay for it and then more of that thing
will get made you don't look anything
about the mess with the lesson City game
limit oh yeah I was paying up all the
time single player game you couldn't
play it unless you're running wine oh
the game would shut down and the day it
was released their servers went down
paid $50 for this game and they didn't
care about the multiplayer features you
want to play the game on their own
couldn't play cuz the company wouldn't
let them the server was down yeah it is
stealing so I mean to do that
your year of the glaad stealing his
chart is says stealing is charging more
and more at the theaters then don't go
see a movie
yeah that's not stealing yeah that's
them charge I'm charging you something
and if you don't like that about then
you don't go then you don't you're
voicing your opinion but nothing and if
enough people don't go they will lower
the price that's how it works you see so
it is stealing and even though you're
just making a copy of something it is
still stealing
so and and you know I'm not I'm not
gonna hate on anyone know who's stealing
but you know
I'm also a duck don't try and justify it
as something other than what it is right
exactly like that is it just call it
call it what it is yo oh my gosh I mean
like if you paid for that thing on top
of having a pirated copy
yeah you know what I think that's fair
and I do think that if you pay for a
copy you should have the option to get a
hard copy like that's you know that's
something I would like to see in general
uh midget bar fight you're right I don't
know shit it's very true right oh he
said Jack doesn't know shit oh he's a
guy who's in here and he says Jack
doesn't know shy oh you're in a
conversation about midget bar fights
well that used to be a thing right they
would they would hire they would hire
midgets to like I have no idea what
you're talking about
oh my god it was a thing I don't think
it was don't worry about it no content
and media theft is theft that's right oh
man you guys listen this is a whole
thing this is a whole thing
why are we talking about piracy my
controller is vibrating because because
of piracy it sense it what if you just
want to try a game out before dropping
50 bucks
most digital services have demos you can
play and you read reviews and you listen
to your friends and peers and that's
that's the point of review shows is to
give you a sense of something before you
buy it especially especially smaller
companies that betcha hurts that oh God
that should super hurt smaller companies
and you know what most places no this is
still happening
red blaster thank you for telling me
about add X Direction oh that's weird
Jesus is annoying I'm just doing the
same crap over over there we may just
die already
yeah sorry mm-hmm you're the one HM huh
I'm enjoying this I don't remember any
of these levels but I'm enjoying this
you haven't skip this cutscene yet oh oh
my god I need a beer stays clear
come on I'm talking about the what oh
man I missed something
I asked you if you were to go to the
moon everybody loves the theme song oh
yeah that's apparently something okay
there's a lot you know what let's go to
the moon days apparently after we skip
this cutscene there's really good music
on the moon that's what rich was just
saying what am i doing right now oh okay
I'll go to the moon
I think Transylvania was the level I
remember the most I think that's the one
I played because it was Transylvania and
headed for Roman Jack which body check
which body powder do you suggest for
all-day dryness I like gold bond also
deodorant really helps just in general I
like baking powder yeah yeah does it
make you tingle in the special places oh
my God look at that thing I'm gonna kill
it just this cocaine count there we're
gonna turn up the music a bit whoa I
want that no I guess I'm not gonna get
it well you could jump on his head
you know wait someone gets closer to me
damn it
oh that's a good question Jay do you
remember what your very first camera was
um no well it was my grandmother's
camera she was the first one in her
family to buy a VHS camcorder but I
couldn't tell you what brand it was I
know I destroyed it my camcorder and I
destroyed that work no I'm good now I
learned what's funny you're talking
about yeah oh if you're talking about
your balls get some Gold Bond talcum
powder that shit is awesome for sweaty
balls you don't use that go bump pull up
mommy mean guys oh my god cool animation
is great there's an animator great yeah
I do anything with these tubes nope
oh my god tuff nice the moon now J
alright let's get serious I mean I guess
any public uh father's uh uh I don't
know I don't want to try there's no more
crap over here that I didn't do
oh I'll come get it I'm gonna go back
hit the crap elaborate there's probably
a lot of stuff every year I shine man oh
well guess that Jay do you have a favorite
Tales from the Crypt episode oh that's a
good one um it was like the one with
hairy Anderson no reason animator worry
are Rize artist for the Tales from the
Crypt common was always like that one
more things he draws comes to life oh
okay that's a good one the one with
Bobcat Goldthwait and what's his name
the old grumpy comedian that insults
everybody battles Don Rickles yeah it's
him and Don Rickles husband Charlie
quests okay yeah Don Rickles is like
this famous I don't know yeah he's this
famous ventriloquist but it turns out
that the dummy is actually like his
mutant twin brother
yeah I remember that's so good that was
great oh that was really great nice one
yeah oh man I'd like that show Jay and
Jack how do you guys stay motivated when
working on large projects Jay how do you
stay motivated while working on space
captain um I just I'm just wanting to
get it done does that count as
motivation we credit every moment of my
life does regret motivate you doing -
which you know you know what motivates
me I'm gonna get gonna get real is
actually getting a little bits of it
done one yeah the motivating thing is
when you shoot some stuff and edit it
together and it seems like it's kind of
working
that's motivation - well I think you got
to get all the switches oh I don't know
how to get a switch you got one - agree
how do it okay I thought you had to do
something clever
okay I was trying to like make the rocks
bounce and I was overestimating the game
board oh here we go
what's your favorite episode of sliders
I think I saw an episode here and there
but I never really watched some oh man
yeah it's a good concept but I have
trouble remembering individual episode
yeah they all kind of blend it together
I know I know I like the first season
before it became a complete shock am I
gonna sit no it was great
it was a great slot come on no no I
don't think they'd stay in to realize
what if yeah I think that's a fact
I like the Brisco County jr. the only
episode I can actually remember at the
time is the the what if the universe of
all the women are in charge and and the
big man has to win an election and they
make a bet over whether the man will
winner the woman and he won but they
slide it at a time when he was still
losing some he had to be like the lady's
servant or something that's the only
episode I remember and I watched it I'll
watch that show the universe we live in
war no no oh God Oh God
okay
let's face cop on blu-ray probably yeah
yeah nice most likely and digital
download it's got a new digital download
did you guys watch some knew about new
Battlestar nope nope how much little
Battlestar know one of those things
where if it's a long-running merit if
you wait for the show stomach that's
been dead for a while no it was good the
the end it was kind of was kind of sucky
like the last episode I really enjoyed
it I'm faster okay yeah I was really fun
because something like like Jericho
really interesting premise on whatever
show gets canceled and it never gets a
proper conclusion so I am always
reluctant to get into anything with it I
know how to describe that running there
to her oh yeah yeah that's that's a good
way to describe it
hey like a once again forgotten mister a
map or something yeah I saw something
about a man starter so like this I'm
gonna do a little yeah I go so like go
up the yeah I think you have to guess
where I've been
right right okay you gotta get on a bus
okay so I've got okay I get it if
Jericho was the one more like nuclear
bombs exploded major cities in the US
and it takes place the small town and
nobody knows what's going on or who got
new communications cut it down sure it's
really interesting hmm
and then it got canceled oh so then it's
like well I guess that was not worth it
now I'm just gonna sit here fling some
rocks don't worry about me
I like flinging the rocks they would be
able to one of people in the town and he
actually has a nuclear bomb and his face
meeting supposed to be one of people
stem off and dinner
oh that's nice that's nice
Jericho is actually continued in comic
books is what they're saying
switch mediums like that in frightened
if I start watching a TV show I want to
see the conclusion in the TV show yeah
yeah I could see that I couldn't see
that
Oh first came clearly got finished
that's show or that on a cliffhanger but
unfortunately they were able to come
back for a last mini series to wrap
everything up I never got welcome me
some Farscape wait there's a running man
remake there is I don't know I just yeah
that's what I thought I saw someone say
wait what running an aunt works this is
good if the question is does it give a
room make of the Arnold Schwarzenegger
movie there's gonna be faithful to the
book no wishes I read once because I
like movies yeah very different very
very different not bad oh my god I
didn't mean to do that
get your thumb straight Baumann
what
for Lu Jack Farscape rules I you know I
tried I tried watching and what this
wasn't my no where am I supposed to do
we got a Pokemon like in Pokemon yeah I
I can only oh yeah I can okay they're
nice oh how are you getting all the the
space using us
gizmo duck oh man oh yeah
I am hype for guardians of the galaxy
yeah I saw a new trailer for it tonight
that I haven't seen before and yeah a
new property that actually looks fun
yeah I'm looking more forward to
guardians of the galaxy than I am the
new Star Wars I can say that with 100%
certainty all right yeah yeah no I'm I
know and maybe I'm only excited about it
because I know nothing about the comic
book and so it words yeah I don't know
any what they're coming at us I like the
trailers yeah I like the the kind of
tone of it and I like James Gunn's son
yeah I kinda wonder about that where
it's like Batman and Superman you have
expectations going in out there
character and so like if if people fuck
it up you know that they fucked it up
but I won't know if they fuck up
guardians of the galaxy because it's
talking raccoon
how can you fuck that up we just did
that over down and oh it already yeah
no again no straight-up lotion
no now it's tree oh no oh no
now I gotta go down again yeah up again
you know but yeah the wet simple
I already got denied no so blowing I
missed one oh I don't know what's
happening do you uh rich answered this
before heating the rich doesn't has not
did not much care he got a couple
episodes into Doctor Who and didn't much
care not everything has to be it was
beaver what detector no no I like I like
I have very little interest I'm sure
it's fine all right
I like this I got it got bad people
people tell me I have to wait until
what's-his-face shows up is the backdoor
though what's Stan named lieutenant yeah
people like that no I like no they watch
most or at least half of the first
season first season with the other guy
so I like him better he's my favorite
doctor yeah
the first oh what's the fuck is his name
he was the bank Olson yeah Eccleston is
my favorite doctor he was great how many
people in the checks I'm sure a lot of
you a lot but but he he was he was the
first doctor a son I really like that I
really like the way he played it and I
like that too and I even liked Matt
Smith for two seasons before he got bad
what's the matter saying I gotta go down
but I don't know how to go down was
early mr. something oh yeah oh I did now
just close enough attention and planning
yes
I don't game station warden I don't
think Doctor Who is pretentious I think
Doctor Who fans are pretentious it's a
it's a children's show it's a goofy
little space show and it's it's really
fun it's a fun little space show but
there are some really good episodes
there are some really great episodes of
Doctor Who
make the entire series even the bad
stuff worth it the trouble with most
things that have diehard fans in most
cases are the fans I have offense as a
bad thing of course but the people that
are really like that then get angry yeah
but if you disagree with them like that
that's I don't know I've never
understood that yeah yeah you know it's
great to be a fan of something like it
didn't a I'm fans of lots of things me
no one it's okay to have an opinion
about things but you you know other
people might have different opinions and
I know that's hard for some people
that's a wrap their head around when
when Doctor Who when I felt doctor who
was getting bad I used to have people
get together and we would watch Doctor
Who and it got really bad and I kept
telling myself man this is getting worse
and worse okay I'll just give it the
rest of the season and if it's still bad
I'm just not gonna watch Doctor Who
anymore and that's because it's so bad
right and the people I was watching with
would agree with me that it was a oh
that's awesome but the problem is they
would continue to watch the show even
though they admitted it was bad and it's
like well why are you watching
yeah why are you talking about it just
stop watching if it's bad people are
like that like with Star Wars 2 or
they're like all the prequels are bad
but but Star Wars yeah it's like no you
don't have to watch it right because it
belongs to a franchise like you once
enjoyed right right
get over it gizmo doc you're not helping
very much
yeah well you you're right opinions are
bullshit why is the moon purple that's a
good question right do you know why
because it's colorful and nice to look
at can't breathe
you know what we can't comment on anime
fans cuz I don't know if we know
anything I don't know what yeah so done
I know that there are people that love
anime but I think I'm supposed to like
anime because I'm some kind of super
nerd yeah I know I mean some I've seen
some and I enjoyed some that I've seen
I've seen some of Dragon Ball Z and I
was kind of just kind of amazed that a
show would have a fight scene that would
last for two weeks they would have a
fight thing that would span 12 episode
but I approve of that kind of access
yeah yeah it's a little bit beautiful
oh yeah we do we need we need a couple
more copies of new keys we always need
more copies of new just a few few more
guys will have that finding my power
runny now yeah yeah like stuff like
Akira and cowboy bebop we got a ghost in
the shell is really nice
Oh extra hard extra hard for about one
nice spirited away oh yeah any of that
um Oh what's this is Aki Miyazaki yes
and like spirited away my neighbor
totoro oh what's the one with the fish
girl that's really fun too
Studio Ghibli there's one thing enough I
don't know what swords a fish girl yo
there's one with a fish girl I really
like him oh wow you know what it doesn't
matter you're gonna tell me in in about
10 seconds and solve this wait
Ponyo thank you yeah this guy's fast
all right cake farts comm says in all
caps validate the things that I also
like and I agree with that
I know thank you fine you're fine you're
fine oh my god he can teleport oh my god
super mouse over here I know the joke
too this one which rlm member has the
highest power level we are all at 9000
that's a joke
listen it's an internet thing you guys
don't like it but these people also
don't like it I'm assuming I can't hit
him when he is radioactive you try a
moves too fast anyway so whatever he's
probably there was something it's just
great because he's faster
uh-uh oh yeah you guys remember that
liquid televisions eon Wow oh yeah
I want liquid television in general that
was a big fan of I really catch up on
you know there was one segment that I
remember called dog boy there was
actually live action yeah and everybody
had like plastic hair it was really
weird yeah I was I was a fan of photo it
was a fan of like with television
boy I started right um maybe no I think
so
they might uh I don't know I never saw
the Aeon Flux movie I'm assuming that
suck sad why would you yeah no one would
ever look anything like a in flux right
does that was the whole point of the
show is the style
incredibly incredibly stylized there had
some TV show that nobody wash oh yeah
there wasn't as violence I don't know I
never watched it mm probably didn't die
in half the episodes like she did a bit
number one was receiving his mother
though she couldn't die fitness it's
right yeah I'm TV used to take some
chances with our animation I've been
interesting stuff the back skirt - who
is great now they don't do nothing I
know
well he keeps the beer everywhere -
where's this infinite
I don't know how I don't know how things
work oh hey he gives you shit this is
just the same shit over and over this is
more yeah they do need to speak miss
offices I think I'll have fun gaming all
this long yes yes I didn't say it no I
don't care no it was this was this was
how they patted out the running time of
NES games by doing the same shit over
and over again and Backman dated in a
hair save States or continued so the
difficulty was just in completion did
anyone else want to play banana take
over they can once you're bored
do what you gonna do em like this
whatever I want yeah this is yours
fuck you out fuck yeah the max Oh max
was great resume in a few comic books I
have heard actively collected now until
I realized it wasn't going anywhere no
game blowing out your crumbs eggs I can hear
that from here no I've got a like half
off my ear yeah that's probably why you
can hear it Jack tell us the coffee
story you never told this to two streams
ago I don't know what my coffee story is
I think it's just how I make my coffee
this is gonna go down the same vein as
telling you what it was like growing up
on a farm it's not very interesting
okay here's what it's like growing up on
a farm imagine growing up on a farm I
moved to a farm okay I did I was nuts
I was not a child on a farm I would do a
farm later life
okay okay I know this is disturbing cat
story oh yeah we don't tell the history
canister that's two it's two shot games
but it's not sure so you don't think
everyone's mind of it I did start
mohei my iced coffee
no now it's getting warm enough and so
it's four cups of really coarsely ground
coffee beans and seven cups of water
that you let steep overnight you know
about 16 hours and then you have to
filter it through a metal mesh filter
and then your normal paper coffee filter
and it takes it takes a good couple of
hours to filter it all just because it's
very it's a very slow process but it
will get you amazing iced coffee and
I'll get you like five days worth of
iced coffee so
that's my summary of the routine Julie
Jay doesn't like guys coughing you just
like stop coffee even when it's hot wait
yeah I drink hot coffee even when it's
90 degrees out that's weird
yeah that's okay this I remember I
remember the skeleton duck so you have
to hit twice am i why am I here Who am I
and why am I here
yeah Mike no Mike is still here he's
been quietly staring at us for them for
the past hour and a half he refuses to
move or speak to us I think he's dead he
might be dead I can't do anything to
these ghosts ghosts ghosts see what
you're saying to me about no goblins
cameras they're just saying to me about
these goblins ain't got no goblins or
ghosts all right boo this is spooky oh
this is spooky oh no skill of ducks
get out of here skeleton Doug's me a hit
year go let's go skip that guy hey Jay
cares engine what you're removing the
skeleton oh my god you're right we're
doing it guys we're really doing it
that's happened twice today as you
remove skeletons twice
yeah that's did your ass all night loose
tell us oh yeah yeah Oh finally we
understand what all you people words are
we totally good
thanks guys you did it you helped us out
and it's great yeah it really helped
three four weeks ago when you told us to
remove skeletons we didn't realize you
knew you know psychic powers
thank you mustn't move go go
Oh get that Bobo doll no gonna give
anything in between
that wasn't that my culture well as hell
that's bullshit hmm
some beagle boy dressed like a ghost
Oh rod Wow what gaming why are we
playing next week we don't know that
takes you back up here disgust yeah well
you're not discuss this I think what
happens tonight it's probably gonna end
up Bank armory yeah yeah probably we
should yeah we can do a ps2 night yeah
all ps2 all night oh yeah yeah what's
with the Gomer pile laughs Jack
sometimes I laugh and it sounds funny
sometimes you find things humorous and
it makes you laugh sometimes when I find
things amusing and I can't control the
noise that comes out of it
it wouldn't be next time I'm wondering
about the feasibility of a thief's
stream oh this fucking ghost
oh my god you have many ghosts and why
wonder if he was too slow for that
stream I'm a it might be him I mean I
don't know oh it's not a ghost Jay oh it
was just him it was a beagle boy
beagle boy burger boy burger beagle
burger beagle dogs nothing's gone you
know anything about science at all
I remember being that off from something
I can't remember nothing about science
yeah Charles cartel
the new one oh yeah oh it could be it
absolutely could be
oh and the people are saying that they
liked the ex-con stream which was found
boring by sama
hey you know what well I mean a thief is
one of those games that I know I should
play like as a gamer should play thief
characters are the video game equivalent
of stick figures oh yeah like like faces
they don't have actual noses it's just
like black oh man okay we're gonna tell
more burger jokes have we told any Berto
I don't want to go in there I did a
couple weeks ago I told burger Jo how
did you tell em I oh I'm up here now oh
that's right you were reading from the
desert in the murder book hearing from
the burger joke book oh my god oh it's
exciting huh oh you got a dark oh my god
yeah now I get it
no he is a duck rich that was a good and
Jack is proud of himself that was a good
joke right off the top of the old melons
proud very proud of that joke the good
jokes these are the jokes I scream piece
of the jokes my card that just seems
like a stupid thing you mean you mean
like in real life yeah yeah
in real life yeah oh I guess screwed up
is old it just doesn't care
time 500 I don't care in ducky is I'm a
hunk I'm 120 my god there's multiple
ghosts
one of them's not a ghost all right just
try and frighten you away because he's
acting like a ghost I mean this real
ghost around I mean they're not the
brightest no the burger boys have you
made any rlm content on the computer
you're using to stream this what what
well we have three computers that we're
using at the moment as during this well
we have two computers and three monitors
no well we're playing on the computer on
my computer and so we're playing on the
computer that I use to edit on it's
streaming through a different computer
that I don't use to edit on that's
fascinating stuff this is a good story
guys uh it's getting it's getting lonely
how do you got those jobs
yeah yeah there's a weird question it
was a weird question so I kind of want
to answer it I don't know wait yeah how
much porn is on the computer nothing
cool it who downloads porn anymore you
can stream it for free but come on get
would have it download porn yes sure dad
Oh No
ryan crew my girlfriend is naked but I
told her I have to watch the previously
recorded live
that's a dumb decision dog I don't know
how much of that to not believe yeah I
mean probably all of it go for the girl
I always go for the girl oh can you
knock their skulls up to hit the
treasure oh I bet you can I make sense
guys oh fuck yeah oh great oh yeah
you're probably right he wants to know
if we can get a glance at the desktop
and see the file for an extra point good
review you know like desktop no I can I
can quick make a file and put it on my
desktop if you want and it'll be for
what did we say it was earlier the sound
of music sounded me as I am I can't
can't remember all the lies we tell nice
Jake
good shot got a million dollars wish
really I mean that's nothing to Scrooge
McDuck that's true ma'am one presumes he
has billions Heisman waive asked a good
but dumb question hmm is porn piracy
okay no but you don't need to pirate it
there are hundreds of websites that give
it to you for free that's the dumbest
question in the world why would you
pirate something you can already
obtained for free be like stealing air
that's how that's how ubiquitous porn
it's stealing hair okay look for
Spaceballs yeah nice one here you're
absolutely right what's your favorite
shitty Light beer I like Miller Lite
it's a nice shitty Light beer I like Old
Milwaukee light that's a nice shitty
Light beer I'll know why he liked all
the walkie light never had it I like did
I have it yes sure you might have oh
this room is there's no entrance to it
Carlos no you gotta do some sort of some
sort of magic Oh what what if it's like
a mirror I just yeah maybe I'm gonna get
in here can you hit those thanks with
the King no that's why just trying to do
oh it didn't working for it what that
work now that's weird
that's the only way to get them there
and then the kind of sense hey look at
what oh there we go there's the mirror
no this treasure show they're probably
secretive and that's not does Jay play a
major role in space Cup maybe place
April okay good answer
it's not the movies not edited yet
someone that I do yeah that'll be a
major role the editing so ya know you
might be able to yeah there we go
I was gonna answer your question and
then I read your new username band
it's a funny question - free porn
websites done on the content that they
lost I don't give a fuck oh I didn't
want to do that tonight
where am i oh yeah
there's no music here this makes it
creepy all I hear is footsteps oh this
is this is fine it says Jack ask rich to
ask Jay when the next video is coming up
on the site so rich
could you ask Jay when the next video is
coming up on the same no okay I remember
fighting her oh this is all coming back
to me who's that
I had chicken service bill what's right
magic in the skull okay I don't remember
oh my god oh my god I don't remember
it's been a while since I've seen the
show
dumb ass dumb ass
how many times have we been to the
bronze bones I've been exactly once
twice I've been in the vicinity many
times have you ever like actually just
been there for the bronze funds no it's
usually like if I'm in downtown with
someone that maybe is from out of town
or that's one and then I took someone
else there to see it once and that's it
all right and I'm gonna stream this
Sunday probably I'm probably gonna
stream I try to stream every Sunday it
doesn't always happen we have very
important work to do last Sunday yes
a very important work so I moved it to
Monday and then we had a power outage Oh
Monday night all of my neighborhood
Emmett ran out of juice so I make it up
yeah I'll do next Sunday
Oh oh my lord that's terrifying yeah Jay
have you ever told Jack that he looks
like the Dean from community I have not
because I never really thought of that
they are doing another season there it's
coming back that's so that show will not
die movie - well that's that's been a
running thing it's a rumor yeah it's
been a running joke there was like a
hashtag called six seasons and a movie
oh so now this will be their sixth
season yeah it's a it's a running joke
mmm did I beat her looks like she
probably told me right there but
whatever do I only have one stage what
I don't be are you gonna beat the game I
think I'm right this is awesome oh yeah
if there's only one stage left they're
pretty sure that's all there is
I'm assuming that will be the night are
we gonna do anything else here now I
don't know you do what you want we'll do
what we want
sure um what oh all right stuff fingers
into that stream and it just came back
or the chat I'm not gonna tell you my
wife's name so
hello Wow I'm opening the vault oh this
is neat no jump there great that there's
nothing to do down here but it's just
great what is going on
you can jump it takes whip ha that's
funny
oh no there's two more oh why does
everyone else take over I feel like I've
been hogging it here I know I don't mind
because you wanted to play this and what
are you gonna be able to not look you
can not if you're having fun please
knock your socks off alright I'm gonna
take a 15-second break here okay you
know what let's take let's take a
commercial break
okay that's a good idea
microns on we're going back yo
that was childish oh that's right we do
need a couple more copies of new key
boys always so that's that's the P o box
please stuff them with $100 bills before
you send them out what is this guy's
name rule I think that sounds right sure
I don't think his name is a duck pond
because most of them are yeah oh my god
oh my god it's a bad oh my oh my lord
I'm these are appearing out of nowhere
someone has that's an interesting
question have you ever changed your mind
about a movie or reviewed hmm have you
ever rewatched a movie that you reviewed
I guess it would be my first Bush every
watched movies that I like that we
reviewed boy I don't think so
I would probably be less forgiving a
Prometheus now I still don't think it's
the worst thing a per or but I was
probably more kind to that at the time
that I was now just because I thought
the backlash was so ridiculous but you
were more kind than you could have been
as we're saying yeah yeah I gave it a
more favorable review than I probably
would now the worst right I have known
as ivory watches sure
funk burger we played the shovel knight'
for about four hours a couple hours ago
well they're asking for shovel - yeah
but you know what I might play it again
on my Sunday stream just because I end
up on a good time
damn you back and we might play later
who knows you have to get familiar with
ex-con okay that's one of these days one
of these days what you feel like you
know that game well enough absolutely
need to be so close to me okay
I've not played on one single
multiplayer match can you break these
big boxes those what if you came just
curious they look that place okay thank
ya oh and this disappears Oh y-yeah I
can understand a haunted mansion look
why would a mine have a transparent I
don't know
well it's a there's there's secrets
secrets
Jack: Talk about Lost.
Rich: Why?
Jack: Uh, I...
Rich: People were disappointed by it. I wasn't one of them because I never got into the show.
Jay: I, I, too, was disappointed by it.
Rich: See, I, I knew people would be disappointed by it, and I just avoided the whole fucking thing.
Jay: Yeah. It was a good show, it had good characters, some really great episodes, but man did they completely ruin it.
Jack: Oh, and I really liked the ending, uh, because...
Jay: You're crazy.
Jack: Because at that point in the show, like, it would have been nice if they would have given us some answers about stuff, but at that point in the show all that mattered was the characters.
Jay: That's not true, though.
Jack: And we got, we...
Jay: If all that mattered was the characters, they would not have...dammit. I'm blaming this on Lost. They would have not devoted so much time to all the island shit.
Rich: Well, did the island shit ever get a proper resolution?
Jack: No.
Jay: No.
Rich: Okay.
Jack: Well, some of, some of it did.
Rich: That's, that's ridiculous.
Jack: No, no, no.
Jay: It got some resolution, but most of it was bullshit that they pulled out of their ass at the last minute.
Jack: Yeah. Some of it did, some of it didn't.
Jay: See, Lost is completely ruining my concentration.
Jack: Sorry.
Rich: See, I heard about the shit they were doing and the first thing I thought was they have no idea what's going on.
Jay: Right.
Jack: Here, here's what I will say...
Jay: And I, I had a little bit of faith in them that they did know what they were doing.
Rich: It, it, it smelled like they were pulling shit out of their ass.
Jack: Uh-huh.
Jay: Yeah. That's exactly what it was.
Jack: And it smelled ripe. Uh, I think this is something that a lot of people can agree on. Lost has one of the greatest pilots...
Jay: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Jack: The pilot episode of Lost sold me, even on the bad seasons. That, that carried me over a long way.
Jay: Oh, now they appeared.
Jack: Oh, now you can get one. Great pilot. Lost. That's it. Done.
Jay: That's it.
Jack: That's us talking about Lost. Yaaay.
Rich: Lost is a thing that happened.
Jack: It's true. Lost is a show that used to be on television, and is not anymore. I enjoyed it. That is all.
Jay: I enjoyed it a lot while it was on.
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Jay: But...
Jack: I mean, really, see, and, and, you know, like, there was some shit luck in there. They got hit with the writer's strike for all of seasons, season two.
Jay: Augh, dammit.
Jack: So, there's some shit, like, now that, okay, let's talk about something better than Lost, cuz Jay is dying.
Jay: Well, Lost is fucking me up. I'm blaming it on Lost.
wall systems you guys like 24
I've never seen I'm not everyone saying
I'm knowing well that's amazing that
none of us have seen it I mean it's your
I'm sure it's good because it's you know
on TV all the time I guess but where am
I Jack the pilot on lock suck that that
thought that plane fell out of a goddamn
sky the pilot suck oh thank you for that
points to you awsome tane yeah was that
you I got the joke in here you missed
film plane but I get it that was funny
ah it's Leslie is cool England
if I come fuck you know what about come
back you lose those things Jeff not
water green yeah oh sure oh god damn it
maybe talk about Archer I haven't seen
Archer the few episodes I've seen I've
enjoyed but I haven't I've seen maybe
two or three episodes it seems like a
funny show I should watch it because I
love frisky dingo st. people like it
looks like similar art style so I would
assume okay
I also enjoyed frisky dingo and who who
does the voice I'm bad here I don't know
its name thanks that kind of John
Benjamin John Benjamin yeah so it's for
this voice you're talking about The
Archers oh yeah artoo and I you should
Taylor's very funny and Chris Parnell is
very funny and I don't know her real
name but Lucille from Preston
development oh yeah um miss her name I
feel like I should know it I don't know
I don't know she's also in the film tape
heads
Oh is she with John Cusack big movie she
plays a character named Kmart but it's a
very good movie oh yeah Jay is still
playing Jay Z I am oh I think Jay is
gonna try to beat the game tonight at
this point I guess
because why never oh no I keep dying
down there doing bad on this level even
though it's not that difficult
thank God there are lives eat me Fox
yeah
every beer is I don't think so there's
no indication of there being any no well
he's playing an easy maybe there are on
oh that's right am i easy yeah okay
all right well that's nice like a
Walters thank you Thank You Chad
like just glanced at the chat what about
Barbara Walters Barbara Walters she's
the mom on Arrested Development yeah of
course I remember Duckman every other
member his duck man I don't know if a
lot of people do actually world I mean
even people from that it was you know
cable I don't think people watch those
shows really I didn't have cable I knew
of that show really well how does a
comedy person so it's like Jason
Alexander you know sure as much suddenly
like this yeah duck man and weird
science tell fun USA that was a great
night
I look forward what was it Friday night
Saturday nights one of them one of them
one of those - that's a weird good
thoughts on Trey Parker and Matt Stone
II don't think about much I love Trey
Parker and Matt Stone yeah I even kept
up with self-parking a long time but
cannibal the musical Orgazmo sure
absolutely and and in South Park I
haven't watched it in a while but man
I'm sure the shit out of that show I'm
sure South Park is just as consistently
good as it used to be I just don't want
it anymore
South Park was a really funny show it
might still be a funny show I'm sure it
is I'm sure it is they've made good
stuff and they don't give no fucks so I
don't I don't know if you were hoping
for something more I'm sorry
they they're actually I'll say look up
an interview with the two of them on
YouTube it's conducted by Lloyd Kaufman
from trauma he went to visit them when
they were in the editing stage of Team
America and they give the most candid
amazing perfect interview about what
it's like to make a movie and try and be
creative that I've ever seen okay I'll
leave names up but didn't someone we
know accuse them of stealing their their
joker idea oh yeah that's right I have
talked about that no there's no recent
talk that's ancient history on it's
funny but yeah that that interview is so
great all they didn't they just talked
about how like you know you start you
have this idea and it's then you're very
really excited about it and then all
that enthusiasm completely goes away the
minute you start making the movie it's
nothing but compromise after compromise
we're whittling it down to the point
where it doesn't resemble what you
originally set out to make and then you
wonder why you even bothered in the
first place it's so great I really like
they it might still be on Netflix there
they're making of a South Park episode
oh that's great yeah where they make it
in six days yeah that's yeah those those
guys like even if you don't think
they're funny if they are dedicated to
what they do yeah yeah I'd sell that's
something funny they say in that Team
America interview they're like we don't
have to do this we're rich we hate this
and we haven't we don't need to do it
and we don't know why we continue to do
it how many creative teams in the
Simpsons have oh oh no part man subparts
been them for well they have a writers
room they had a writers room but they're
involved with every episode yeah it's
like I don't think that Matt Groening
yeah much to do with the citizens at
this point nothing
no but yeah no you know didn't they
recently didn't they recently fuck up
because they have the six-day cycle
yeah and they they give the tape to
Comedy Central's sometimes like hours
before the show actually airs right is
that their stick yeah
and it was recently that they had a they
had a power outage oh yeah I heard about
that so like the episode was like two
hours late yeah the first time in the
entire run of South Park oh my god he's
gonna fuck your shit keep doing this bad
jack what about kids in the hall what
about it's a great job kids in the hall
kids all advertising in small
I mean absurdist comedy but what do you
want the best thing kids and all ever
did and maybe one of my favorite short
films of all time you can find it on
YouTube is the most amazing thing which
what it's it's like a short film it's in
black and white and it kind of resembles
a David Lynch movie
this is dude that lives with his
grandmother or kind of father
that's just his father or something yeah
but so the guy works in a sausage
factory
and he's always stealing the sausage to
bring home to his father and his
father's ass always yelling sad yes and
it's but it's shot like this bleep weird
foreign hell it's so great isn't it has
no place in a sketch comedy you know and
that's a funny in the conventional sense
no because then like there's a woman and
quemo you falls in love with the woman
it's a great short film it really is and
he forgoes his sausage to give to his
father for the woman and then he gets oh
it's it's sausages is beautiful I enjoy
the precursor to that the guy who was
scoops up a roadkill now that was
another one of those show short films
where he scoops up roadkill and sells it
to rich people to use his drugs most of
that stuff but know something I don't
know long time yeah the haul is never
not good it I mean I I'm sure there's
some not good stuff but anything that
the last third of its brain candy well
brain candy there's some good stuff in
that movie but man it just runs out of
jokes at the end yeah yeah yeah oh man
all right come on the Himalaya is what I
got imagine is one after this oh really
probably yeah first probably you can get
them all on them you got to go to the
boss days I don't I've heard a couple
WTF with Marc Maron I you know I used to
listen to a lot more podcasts but I
can't when I'm editing audio because you
have to listen to the audio whatever I'm
not editing with audio I listen to a
podcast and I don't get around a WTF
anymore so some a huge nerd all hold on
sometimes listen to Neil deGrasse Tyson
start talk radio yeah that's a good one
I really like
you see GP Grey's and Bradys hello
internet podcast that's really fun
the freakonomics podcast is always
entertaining if you're into guys you're
both booked oh really guys who read the
book yep they have a really great
podcast and Daft souls it's a video
gaming podcast with Matt leans what okay
that I really enjoy they it's just bunch
of dudes and sometimes you can gals
talking about it looks like it looking
like thumper is there a thumper
attacking you I like rap America
oh they're asking you to go to the moon
again but yes I understand it's the
whole thing it's a whole thing
okay ah like we go online and find
remixes on that theme song I think it's
mostly the song it wasn't that great yes
we shovel coal shovel coal in silence
that's another great given off yet
another weird absurdist skit like it
wasn't the thing who was it who was a
like who's the one in sausages there was
who played the old manner no you played
the son I first McCulloch proofs
McCullen he talks in interview is that
he was never a comedian but he just like
farted around with the guys and so like
all of his sketches you can tell her his
because he's not a comedian I just think
so the weirdest shit the bass player
sketch
that means look is enough we ask that
talking break this out because it's
badly talked about nothing matters
nothing matters just DuckTales don't
write yeah
hey moist muffin I'm glad you like that
sauce do I really like that manliness
he's a Greek what what have you do
talking about the finer points of don't
tell strategy oh my god okay okay oh my
god what is heaven oh my moving has
messed me up completely
Connor bumper Oh oh my god hockey ducks
hockey ducks
hey Mikey ducks hate us ice levels in
any game yeah how's it slippery it's not
I just hate oh it's not slipping this is
not slippery now oh I just don't like
the look of it in general favorite
Simpsons episodes oh man he's too many
of them my reel oh yeah monorail is
great yeah probably monorail this is
Simpsons it had a really good run for a
while and there are scenes of the reason
once you're not terrible strangers Ruth
candy is great god I just saw that I'm
for a little bit straightening up and
who's great like there was that time
kind of central strangers with candy was
on and upright citizens brigade and some
other weird shit and have some great
time oh this parts slippery okay ice
levels are the best fuck you I hate ice
levels every single game that has a nice
level I say have they avoided the fire
level at least cuz that's always the
cliche the ice level in the fire level
oh sure did they hit didn't they have a
fair level already in this game man like
no I don't multiple Mega Man games I
think I've done that oh my god
yes I have seen shut up and sit down and
oh you know what I an episode of shut up
and sit down was on k2 and we recently
played k2 and a board game night
I really enjoyed it is a board game show
so yeah shut up if you like board games
you can go see episodes and shut up and
sit down it's a show about board games
Oh planet up beeps the musical Annie
Troy McClure episode right oh fuck these
are back I just knocked them down no you
know I'm fuck you Jay that's why things
spoiling it dr. Zaius dr. Zaius that'll
make me happy paint your wagon what that
cave doc I hated that character oh my
god is he a real character yeah how can
you get up there and jump on it and I
think I'm supposed to oh you're supposed
to like free him there we go there you
go Bubba duck oh no I don't remember
skip cutscene who's still drinking
everybody
alcohol poisoning that was crusty bread
we already talked about cards against
humanity' some people like it Jack
there's nothing as I think
yeah k2 is great I really like it - okay
- that was fun I do wish I wish that
cait's who had a better end game like k2
just ends is it k2 is a game about
climbing Mount Everest or mountain a k2
mountain it's about climbing a mountain
and you just have to keep you guys alive
and try to get to the highest point of
the mountain ah but then when the game's
over it just it just ends no matter
where your guys are on the mountain and
so I wish it had a better end game but I
really like to get to you can't for jump
in the snow jet now oh let's just fall
into this now they don't know love
that's ridiculous
oh can we talk about mystery show for a
second you could talk about mr. show I
even know your feelings on mr. show
here's my feelings on mr. show I think
mr. show is funny but I have never
laughed at an episode of mr. show I've
never seen it up some good anything I
said do you never seen him so much it's
like it's always like really clever and
funny but whenever I watch it and just
go oh yes that is clever and funny I
never laugh i-i've never laughed at an
episode of mr. show I miss something
what did I miss
what's the right ah miss dawn your bed
why did I miss something we can agree on
that much I hate the snow
I hate ice levels they're the worst oh
yeah you did miss a drinking game every
time Jay skips a cutscene you're
supposed to take but don't do it cuz
he'll die where am I supposed to go here
that's right and I'm little what's it a
path to the right we're swimming
something's in there oh no my guess you
had to I feel that one thing I'm that
one force unreasoning there you go
okay I hate you you're dead to me look
I'm sure you're talking about me maybe
you know because of mr. she'll probably
Wow I've never it's funny it's really
clever and it's really well-written but
I've never laughed every single joke I
just kind of not approvingly at a joke
yes this is a very clever fit and it was
really well crafted Oh
sorry Jay the Himalayas are your
Himalayas are your Achilles heel Jack is
it possible that you did not laugh
because you can't feel joy in your heart
yes that's very good that's her
Ridge to remove Jack he's holding the
show back absolutely
I'll remove the skeleton while she's
dead
oh my god sex look excellent
I'm gonna beat ducktales yeah he's gonna
beat the game maybe what did that go
through you do they're gonna kill you oh
my god no I killed it yeah fuck yeah get
that going
get that goat that's right smoggy he
bought ex-con after last two extreme and
he's 21 hours in already you play more
eggs come this is fun damn damn Jimmy
right up to Jamie why am I asking too
much I don't know let's get dick he
missed one yet Jake did I let a whole
cutscene go through yeah no yes get that
cutscene I don't have time for this Oh
although I shouldn't watch Lex like no
idea what's going on right now it's a
boss fight I think you have to hit those
back at or something yeah they go they
go back Adam doesn't it make sense I
guess but next to it
I didn't mean to Jake so sucking a
little X to the bomb area ah
who's that oh who's that guy that's
grumbled glom gold Nick Angus Angus
something hard gronckle something hard
okay that screws my books some never so
scam you know the Scottish going yeah
give it killed yeah and the bulk of old
Scottish guys smoke screw usually of
course we but I thought like Sean
Connery yeah
they're great TV show I was amazing it
was you're you're right I should play
more team fortress 2 and now it's
virtually forgotten the TV show no they
just made the game again everyone
remembers ah why don't you hit it
because I messed up you should roll
maybe there might be one more stage
after this there might be a little more
stage let's see what are there's more
than one what has a whole other screens
yeah okay this one yet that's it's only
gonna deal with more ghosts a them fun
people over chatter have fun fuck you
Mike we're home dr. Mario we could do oh
my god these goats are going insane the
auto-pay play competitive dr. Mario okay
we get it we gotta we gotta get an NES
next week we're going on the NES with
some dr. Mary Mario my fun for people to
watch dr. Mario oh people like what they
like
oh the sucks I can't Oh Mike they can't
pounce either I'm not even sure what I'm
supposed to do here my guess is he'll
knock something down
oh yeah there we go Oh or will this kill
me oh yeah I mean okay don't die I still
like the animation as you should this is
great yeah it looks really nice
like they're just tomorrow's groups
workbook is kill they figured about
j-just keep doing that okay I don't know
how to get past in one I'm trying they
keep that worked
did I get ya Derek kick those ice cubes
over yes sir the last one at the rock
you did it there you go
there you go January bullshit total
fucking bullshit
wait work alright I'm waiting I'm not
listening to anybody anymore oh no I
should have rolled that so they kept
telling us don't try to tell me these
and tricks so they're telling us during
this if it's closer to the middle that's
gonna hit the one in the end if it's all
the way over on the wall it's gonna hit
the middle line there is a pattern
that's when we can hit the far one head
hit I don't like doc tails anymore
you don't like that field anymore sorry
okay that's good
all right Jenna every day were out there
making duck tales then we're gonna like
it hey how many times do I got to do
this now 8:40
I think another more typical oh I get it
they can hear you say to fix it there oh
no what are you gonna post it to on the
Twitter's okay Mike it might get posting
special behind-the-scenes livestream
pictures say the patriotic intense
patreon that complex rather this is good
intense alright well now I know what's
going on so this might be a little bit
easier now yeah you got this
you got this I am gonna stream what I'm
just trying to see like if we if we
screamed yet in the stream
okay good good dodge duck good I'm
getting it
stay behind them yeah he's only yeah now
he's gonna go that way I got it he's
only he's only hit him eight times so
far so we have another thirty three to
go well he died once so we start over so
where we got another thirty five six to
go
other side oh fuck that's right this is
exactly like the end of Coneheads where
he has to golf-ball the monster someone
pointed out that we've mentioned
Coneheads in every half in the bag
commentary track we've done ever
I
how many half of the bank commentaries
have we done three times every cop alien
vs. predator and Ghostbusters two tangos
buzzers two maybe two of the three we
talked about Coneheads but it's come up
multiple times for some reason Oh dan
Aykroyd
we're ghostbusters - yeah probably
sure I don't remember the circumstances
but no oh you get the thing about that
yeah whose idea was to watch all three
Transformers movie yeah I'm answering
your stream we're talking about not
wanting anything to do with transformers
4 yeah and only wanting to do it if we
can come up with something clever and I
think I came up with why don't we just
watch all three at once say that's the
equivalent of watching Trent's worse
more on that that eventually morphed
into these standalone transformers oh
yeah I got a rescue the lens oh the
stream here idea yeah well no no I got a
rescue that the boys nah that's okay
that's okay I'm sure this would be cake
oh no here we go oh oh I didn't even see
that up there
j-jack what do you think about game
designers who say that streaming their
games is stealing from them what I think
they're wrong that's insane
there are some game designers who
request that you don't steal their game
or a stream they're gonna I hate these
bets maybe if it's somehow something
like The Walking Dead were you only
playing it because it's like a visual
novel oh my god you could make us wings
okay yeah I can see that yep oh I'm sure
you get that poco
oh you can't over okay now is just whom
you can understand to Pogo every time I
can but I'm not scared to Pogo I hate
these fucking bats hey the photo of the
fire level here it is Thanks right after
the ice one right after they donuts come
on man you know you're gonna come at me
mmm that's I do
I hate these baths Hey
oh do you guys have a commentary track
for your digital version of gorillas
interrupted no I don't think so I think
that's just on the DVD okay I can't even
remember David exists there's a lot of
goodies on a DVD I think in our view as
far as really interrupted ghosts the you
should buy it for the documentary it's
been well that comes with the commentary
or with the digital Oh what does yeah
yeah I think I think yeah I think it's
just the - yeah someone is asking if you
could make a Bible version of the
commentary track for those who had
bought the digital but I think that's
like a DVD perk that's yeah that's it
yeah
buy twice but let me the DECA oh well
that guy was like what I was saying
earlier about um DVDs and blu-rays that
I only get now because I feel like some
sort of collector's item mm-hmm no you
wanna make the release feel special
ya know like the good folks at scream
factory are not paid me to advertise
themselves really loves me not very I
have many many of their purchases
here yeah this is cool oh my god damn
play not tonight some other time shank
nephew couldn't that be a good light fun
fun do you know the same people that and
well they've made an animated dub mark
of a ninja oh and they just they just
did like AAB like a beat em up Robert
Rodriguez style only kind of action game
oh nice
that does sound like a lot of fun no
this one's a straight line it's not like
a complicated maze just don't gonna die
yeah oh my god what are we getting
killing me dying oh well might come on
hey Matt be thank you for buying all the
DVDs and I'm gonna do enjoy my signature
which is my real signature I am Jack
that's what I sign everything that
including checks and and court documents
Mike my court is not too happy with me
why not you know what we should make
some good t-shirts
that's butts let's get on that guy's
singing some nice t-shirt some nice
t-shirts with nice things on it it's in
the process
oh my god oh you're gonna you heard it
here folks it heard it here it's a
stream exclusive make sure you mix cool
thank God
working on some t-shirt I like this
anymore it's the last level Jake I know
it's not even that hard I'm just
screwing up yeah stop bitching oh no
it's perfect
for anyone listening to the stream that
follows our patreon and check out this
exclusive photo that was just posted
right side up here I didn't take it up
soon as I buy it
the intros it opens up right in
Photoshop that's weird
that's weird ah these boulders just kill
you just jump right up on the chest
right away don't don't I bounced off the
boulder first just go straight just all
right I don't try it oh did you remember
to not die no yeah yeah yeah we get it
we get this
I still think it's funny oh you are this
is getting frustrating now that's just
so rich - he wants to he's the same okay
well let's do this
I just received the different name okay
can try again yeah okay
okay compare me now you can share eases
the patreon and you'll see the picture
right side up
no you folks up flip your monitor back
the right way picture the right way cuz
if you flipped your mom drive side down
to see the picture right side up now
you're gonna be disappointed
it's complicated these technology guys
don't worry
did you guys ever go to homestar runner
oh yeah back in the day that Glenn was a
Homestar Runner is the flash website
with the cartoon was the same strong
Kong bad few times I liked teen girl
squads hey girls gone hi Rona I love
teen girls squad buddies like I haven't
seen it in forever
abso-fucking-lutely did you lose all
your minors that just restart every
level I think I don't know I know you
said more interesting they're gonna take
my hit I think when you die behind too
many times okay okay
Oh people I see it alright well Jay
Jay needs to wear his headphones so he
can hear the game but we can't have the
game play or else he'll hear the lags
video game audio with the real video
game audio so that's why we have to rich
and I can't really hear the game yeah
that's what we have to do when we play
and stream it's a little bit of a hassle
but that's my day wearing the headphones
and the picture and my car yeah nice
listening to pop music is less than the
Janet Jackson Christ Jay what are you
gonna be done it's fine game I would
love to be done by yourself more no no
I've reached that point where it's like
I just want to be it yeah yeah and it's
no longer fun but it's also not not fun
interesting interesting
well yes yeah you're are you ready
you're ready to be done
yeah my my monitor is I have my monitor
flip sideways so we shouldn't pull code
no you should have rolled least I start
right here again that's nice ghost fuck
off ghost is afraid of a ghost I ain't
afraid of no boo bah
how much longer is this level have gonna
check your map I can't this is too
intense okay guys hold your gun you guys
I'm so sorry everybody there's a real
question I'm gonna sue me this isn't oh
my god you are so close we need to
discuss Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation
we are what nation no no it's
a popular song from the early nineties
oh my lord
I'm losing it Elizabeth we're gonna be
had this for a while
yeah that's true really you know thought
you said you can beat this game if you
can do it day I beat it as a child and
so I miss damn it you need to mr. bean
if I competed as a child I can beat it
as an adult right well your reflexes get
worse with age you can do it Jay you
can do it
there we go oh nice nice I'm six-two I
guess in the picture maybe I look taller
I don't know I'm six-two I'm a tall dude
all right here we go oh my god here we
go oh my god we're gonna make you fight
should i watch the whole cutscene
awesome to see it
you have decided to deliver died yeah
this is what I read it's so weird it's
great that's not a DuckTales character
see if I got a Pogo off the bat and
enjoyed that I'm the director that's
what my guess would be mister get that
bat get that bat damn it
you got to get closer I think our art
doorbell fell off incidentally oh then
get him did I did you get my nice top
denim no oh oh my God he's attacking me
with his giant records oh it's hilarious
oh my oh my god I'm stuck under his
giant you to stay stay between them and
like duck honey can you duck if I am
your duck duck there we go yeah that's a
good joke yeah it's not that good I mean
it's yeah I don't know if you can call
something that obvious
good it doesn't give you any indication
of their health their health
yeah I wish it did yeah that would be
nice whoa I don't I think I just have to
avoid getting killed
oh and it goes so that stuff
close enough not close after you can do
it you can do it you can do it now I'm
wondering if I beat this as a child
because I don't remember fighting
Dracula I I remember this very vividly
oh my lord what a son weird what all
what I always or what is there's a gap
for bets oh I see oh my god that's
insane this is kind of a and I'm done oh
oh you're a dyke oh nice I mean you're
gonna bet I am but not that time how
many times just do this shit that's
what's annoying about this game
Thanks no you can do it really because
I'm done I'm done with the music I'm
Tommy
okay third we're almost on yeah I see it
and I go turns and I still get it you
can do it Jake James is concentrating
all right don't worry about anything
anything that's happened way up to see
you through ducktales or we're stuck
here all night all night all right one
of us is gonna belong all yeah I'll be
DuckTales
let's damn it hmm but you gotta get
those bad I do have to have the bats I
understand I don't I don't think you do
cuz you're not doing it no use win the
game
I guess laughing at the chin there's
none of that funny better oh no damn
don't jump
what am I supposed to do dr. Boyd is -
yeah that's it that's it no I see you
want doc honey yeah okay go I'm getting
the devil as my hairdo why are these
shadows my head oh my god you guys I
don't wanna I don't want to get your
jams up but Mike is not reading the chat
so in about ten seconds people are gonna
hear me say that
geez I don't like 2017
who likes my beatbox and they do I mean
it's a talent that but not many have oh
no I'm not gonna make it on it yeah good
job
this is getting intense you can do it ah
listen wasn't the snow monster the final
guy no no direct Allah oh there's a
drill monster oh I like him that he has
money is that what his quest is just to
get more money yes rubber duck oh that's
cool
oh my god oh my word I will look forward
to playing dr. Mario what is based Mike
meaning we don't know we keep asking
them what based means and I don't tell
us hey you gb mm 13 much based my clean
it's like we're poor champagne and I
guess
oh damn it
I no longer like ducktales which is crib
you can't beat the end bus but he's the
end bus is a super boss based means good
or great
yeah house you're just right good I
don't that's so weird
Oh where's the thing oh my god am I
gonna make it no where's the thing why
are you failing Jay because because
family
it's my lot in life those are some well
choreographed bets huh huh magic pants
they're following duck Dracula's dark
power
if only they had some more bats they
give the children scrooge mcduck for
sure yeah really easily
rich picked up on that
Cameron no okay based is erupting will
be oh no
Jacob good know as my favorite sucks at
this - who sucks at this to you
apparently yeah it's true yeah oh yeah
you just got to you just got to know by
her now what is the most violent Disney
movie
that's a good question is that a good
question no no use your planets Aladdin
Zion is it man is it BAM because they
hunters murder the mother now yeah
that's possibility you can't pick some
stuff there go with the drill
traditional animated Disney come on down
Beauty and the Beast
I never seen man there's so many things
I think I did thank you they kill some
shit where they kill the baby enemies no
don't think of the Beast
no well he come yeah spoiler alert he
comes back but Jay did not finish
watching Breaking Bad he can't get past
the first five episodes no I wanna keep
watch another seven have the chance to
Jack can't get past the first four yeah
Jack Jack does not know I want to keep
watching it is heaven intensive Jay
wants to watch me I'm too busy dying at
duck this is what I'm doing with Mike
after you are fighting a Dracula that's
true yeah that's true Oh mommy break
more fats why is it always fucking at
least at least this regular doesn't have
dynamite like the monster squad right
you barely made that fucking lucky hit
Lucky's fuck
I'm looking at the screen from a weird
angle I keep thinking and you're not
gonna make it your new off-center how
fat are you doing good keep doing what
you're doing
I got it yeah where are you yeah I'm
doing good now kind of getting the hang
of it I said do that oh fuck oh my god
no take the controller away from day no
give me a break
he's doing great you only going 20 times
I'd prefer breaking dead-ended season
for my my deal of Breaking Bad for
anyone who has not seen the pilot of
Breaking Bad is that Walter White comes
to his decision to cook Matt explain
those you got to get past that I don't
got no past that there was so much other
things I I know it's good I we we can't
discuss too many I meant details about a
four spoiler purpose I will but but so
he decides to sell meth very easily
because I yes I can us up the promise I
can't be with him as a character because
like there's no there's no meet there
for me so I will watch it eventually
this it's not yes so every season of
breaking that as a perfect 10 out of 10
is that every season every breaking
violent band is completely flawless
except except for the failed subplot
where Murray was a kleptomaniac was
anything made no sense it was very very
short and I was like what and I mean um
they they hey drunk I'm bad at this this
seems like it should be the easiest
we're trying to operate it me yes I know
I get it that he's dying of cancer but
like one day one in one scene it's like
an edit needs like I guess I should make
freakin bed is a hormone what do you say
about Harrison Ford breaking is like I'm
a Star Wars set that's shit
he's a grandpa what are the things that
happened to Grandpa braking hon no Mike
that's yeah did you guys like I know my
Jesse Pinkman impression when I came in
and I said what other bitches oh yeah I
guess you know we're talking right now
yeah here's the question though are they
writing it in are they what are they
rewriting the movie or there's a movie
basically on hold I think they're trying
to figure out what they want to do yeah
I don't know I'm assuming they're gonna
shoot around it did you know is there
more game did you beat up please tell me
I don't eat the game yeah it's pretty
clear - controllers vibrating jack is a
giant holy yeah that's true oh is that
cuz what I said no it's because because
I can't get past the first couple
episodes of Breaking Bad
I will actually you're welcome coming
back in some sense someone's right Jesse
they said Pinkman never uses bitch in
plural form oh yeah you're right I'm
sorry bitch did I win the game did you
win the game Oh is there more pickles
just cutscenes Jay you hate guts skip
the cutscenes oh there's more more no
you gotta escape oh I remember this I
remember this
fuck but you remember this do is there a
time woman you have to know it's not
that you have to you have to defeat the
know what is race yeah it's a race and
I'm already lost it better call Saul oh
my god I was good at this as a kid
sister was not quoting Robocop huh
bitches leave bitches leave baby I
couldn't even get up there yes I
remember okay yeah yeah no oh my god
hobo jump so much
don't listen Jay don't listen to right
today I have to yeah you got a boner
here the I mean not all the time I mean
you're doing what you don't have to I
think that's fucking up your aim oh my
god how do you do that okay say see you
think you know everything
well at least I'm getting closer yeah
yeah good and then this is the end end I
remember that okay so there's nothing
else after this Anna defeating ghupat
game if her true detective is very good
but I have yet to watch you guys see me
yeah I have nothing here detective I
have heard it's good
what regular jump hey you got you're not
gonna win this again fly episode what
flieth listen dammit Breaking Bad was a
fly up beside you're gonna come yes
Jessi is short for Jessica alright David
Cronenberg is a hack no you're on no
here's the thing
oh yeah no one's ever thought we just
spend my life looks good mmm let's I'm
gonna blame the new graphics I mean not
being as good as this as this as I was
here it can I do that ever you want free
country you can do this day you beat
Dracula I did be Dracula
you kicked Dracula's ass turned him to
stone you can be a fucking mini Lady
Dracula use the balls Jay oh really this
is where we're going Wow
I'm gonna blame that on you everybody
hates me check
that's right Jay needs to get some more
muscle memorization Jessica Kirchen BAM
terrence malick is a hack someone's the
same that to get under your skin Jay I
have no feelings on Terrence Malick
dammit the very character on the Deep
Space nine T is quark quark maybe my
favorite character an all-star for Oh
kanji you captains now I'm getting
frustrated keeps going and lots of
favorite smells smell yeah who is your
favorite is about what it's a smell
Richard Evans aiming high romantic as
long as it's not shit Mitch Evans
I like small of coffee because it no God
I'm about to drink coffee and yeah I
really like that hey hey rich since you
answered the small question what's your
least favorites simple manage it
Oh Garrick - just a second place wrong I
don't know it all love Star Trek even
over like the card give me on my god
damn helicopter girls that piss lavas
gonna catch it
it looks like urine oh my god you might
have done it
no dammit yeah you might have better
accept that not which oh shit - a big
monster you gotta fight it Uncas grew
into one apparently according to the
chant nothing except for dudes cuz I'm a
homework well I would have mentioned
that a beached whale smells pretty
terrible oh yeah oh yeah death probably
smells worse yeah smell the dead body
but listen please say it's the worst
smell I could have been well guys roll
times sake I'm gonna skip this alright
who's too late Oh seen in we got a fall
cutscene Jay well like them I'd say one
throughout the entire game that's pretty
good I'd say it's pretty bad like cut
seats yeah what is it
achievement unlocked whoa there's
another fucking level this game is there
this is the worst game ever
I think it's this done yes put her
what's her angle are you speaking
English no that character yeah somebody
says right is jack smugly oh now I get
the song JB DuckTales in one sitting
Hey I mean uneasy how would you break
ducktales channel um it's still fun I
was getting frustrated at the end there
but it is fun Chuck expand your dong sex
weirdo
that's them being rich yeah that's rich
but he's a he's a sex pervert
he's sex pervert yeah that was a classic
best of the worst weirdo we have ten in
the final movie was the slut
yes this blood only get all those movies
one of them was a veil I think I what
was it called
someone sent us a link to one a moment
unless it's hardly announced yeah
don't talk about Jessie's Girl that song
sucks everyone I've ever known male or
female named Jesse hates that song
you're a lesbian no I hate that song
because the lyrics are fucking dumb Rick
Springfield isn't I don't know he's a
let me let me try to think of the best
way to describe him he's a fucking idiot
try writing a better song dummy can't
you've got that one thank you that song
is terrible and I'm not a Jessi thank
you yeah that song is the worst all
right okay I'm choosing games done
'quick rabbits Oh kind of Murray not now
Julius it's 2:00 we have a proper car
tomorrow yeah we're gonna have a piss -
this is why we put that capitalized
maybe yeah today we did we did little
little platformers where you jump on
things are the thing you got full game
items yeah that's fine
oh we also thank you for reminding
everyone we need a couple more copies of
new key
I'm homophobic Oh cuz no rich mention
that was rich that's right if Jay was been
better at the game we could have played
Katamari but sir
you're welcome alright yeah you can
screech alright yeah my point that I'm
gonna get the zone
yeah a while I will play Katamari next
time I promise it's here it's right I'm
looking at it but I won't be playing it
right now I just leave the PlayStation 2
here
yeah no chance everyone all right I
support marriage equality dr. Mario no
not now
well good I will play dr. Mario and
beatbox next time oh the maximum
beatboxing whilst if you play doctor
yeah what we need how we can't wait to
play dr. Martin if you like one us and
ten being you're the greatest dr. Mario
is ever oh yeah I don't even remember I
think I was pretty good yeah I mean do
we need to bring in a doctor Mario ring
to face you to challenge me whoa whoa I
can't I can't boast about my dr. Mario
screws okay I may just be average I
can't win okay I have access to a doctor
Mario expert who is that oh she's great
can we play it on the classic Nintendo
people absolutely okay
cuz that well or I don't know that's
two-player I think we'd have played on
Super Nintendo
I might have the Wii version into play
yeah okay I used to play yeah we version
that's best with the with the Wiimote so
vicious when will you do a best of the
worst livestream never never because
that would be the most boringest thing
that you ever seen in your life oh my
god don't realize how much editing that
- all the good bits adds yes the editing
is half the battle of best of the worst
seven to eight hours Inuit footage yeah
for nearly six to eight hours it's us
just being miserable no there it is long
stretches where we don't say or do
anything you guys would have hated trust
us why am I watching this shit yeah
and then you do something else and then
the episode would come out and you
probably have bad things associated with
it in your brain who would even watch
the regular episode and it just suck all
around oh you want to leave well yeah
okay okay Mike wants to leave we're
leaving I think yeah I think that this
is all done we're all done there's a lot
of credits to this this the shitty game
I didn't play it if we stream the films
while we're talking over it that it
would seem more like another show that
was popular a while back so that seems
pointless our show is different than
that actually is acing the credits it's
true the one thing he did write is
nailing it they love it okay well hey
everybody thanks for coming out we
appreciate you watching the stream
we're gonna go now unless you have any
last questions asked
yeah that's good now get it quickly and
you bet better I'll ask them at the same
time so we can read all of them
type faster you guys got that faster oh
my god I go type faster beast hey I
don't get every based base is good it's
a good really great this is the same
people that told us to love log
resistance that's true they don't wait
we have to stay now because this person
just got here maybe you should have been
here 12 hours ago yeah no shit we
started fucking sick starting at 6:30
guys and we do this all seven hours the
credits are still going on this game
yeah Lord and what are the movie credits
that's common these days
engage you yeah based rich Evans that's
right who has phone what fire it's based
we need for 20th on the screen we'll
start logging out Evan I have
okay go ahead I'm gonna jump the vault
we this is gonna be a spirit day of this
treasure oh yeah oh yeah it's really
goes nice but then you know what you can
find a little changing oh here we go all
the way up to the top and jump down okay
yeah time to have fun
whee yay I mean seriously so many broken
bones yeah it's very satisfying though
they feel a little Rumble as you go
through the coins and no control I'm
sure on YouTube that's been animated
yeah yeah we're gonna do it one more
time and then we're gonna go okay great
now we're gonna real okay done Lester
wait I gotta go wait my god oh my god
I'm sorry kill this dream so I can go to
sleep now I'm sorry that's what somebody
said you guys wait
