Jun 4, 2014
Dark Souls
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42721737
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42721679
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42721743
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42721597
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0L8C_bfH0MQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jv_i3iW92Q
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-io_OXwcv_8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=006RqfW3zcg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/474212875079139328
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/474327236238405632

[Part I]
okay here we are guys
you should be here you hear game swoop
ease now maybe well I don't even so Jim
there was one just there okay good
you guys should be hearing some game
swoop ease well I'm not in Jace
headphones right so well when we're
going to do is do a quick audio test
here to make sure you're here and shit
and then do you want to start rich yeah
yeah
rich is going to start playing Dark
Souls prepare to die edition oh I should
give a shout out really quick um I'm
gonna I'm gonna try not to say shout out
too often but I'd really like to thank
rile er R Ayler sent me the game and I
really appreciate that so thank you you
hear Scoobies I'm hearing you talk in
here and you guys talk here so I'm
horribly disoriented that's okay I think
that's working okay well let's go oh
yeah you hear Sweet Pea Scoobies great
hype X&Y; nice why is up anon yeah yeah
we are using a controller so rich is
obviously doing all of his
customizations here here we go guys it's
happening it's happening it's working
it's working the Star Wars Episode one
The Phantom Menace Thank You Jay have
you seen that movie The Phantom Menace
yeah III went to the midnight the
midnight showing of that oh my god I
even dressed up with my friends oh yeah
yeah I did
and then we all left the screening going
yeah well it's just the first one you
know there's there's a lot of exposition
I bet the second one's gonna be a lot
better yeah yeah
they just have to get a bunch of story
out oh my god we get to create a
character you're you're talking about
shit I'm just doing this that's great we
get to create a character guys
controller WTF the game tells you to
play with a controller don't don't be a
dick the it says it's best when playing
with literally only here what do we want
to go with your um I mean this is up to
you rich this is your play I know I know
ah he knows I don't know if I should be
describing all this shit or they can see
it thief
Oh rich wants to be a thief maybe maybe
oh you should definitely be him no I'm
just gonna be a pharmacist try a night
what the hell sure kind of made a normal
normal character
oh you're not being a lorge Sophie I saw
that too whoever whoever is doing like
the alien Jimmy James knock that out but
it's funny see ya if you keep doing
something that's horribly annoying
that's funny yeah yeah see I should be
talking when I'm doing this but I don't
know what anything does ah all right
physique oh you just keep doing that
yeah we'll hang out and talk oh oh I
wanted to talk about loose trousers
because someone mentioned it earlier in
the stream
I got loose trousers for my Vita and I
was really excited because it looks like
a really neat and interesting game you
know your your gut pile it you you have
to you have to fight aircraft carriers
and stuff like that and it is the
purchase I think I regret the most in my
entire life I spent $10 on this game and
after a couple of hours I was so bored
with it which game was this luftrausers
really really master key I don't know
that me mastery say it's important all
right
all right we will go back and change
that plane based on what people are
telling you to do though or should we
try to ignore that type of stuff ah
with the helmet go on instinct cuz I
don't know what a hide my instincts
worth nothing I don't know what that
opens any basic clock that seems like a
pretty important skill
okay master key all right all right fine
let's step or don't look start the game
with this character okay yeah also we
know that we cannot save but we didn't
want to deal with that Windows Live
fuckery and so it's just like fine we
don't care we're just gonna play the
fucking game you're just gonna keep
playing yeah will stream anyway so
exactly had to save us you're gonna come
back to it another day but I'm guessing
the problem I will just fight it by
myself but then I'll worry about our
shit yeah unless there are limited lives
then we're fucked
dad it's fine everything's fine are
there are there oh let's need a dragon
thing oh my god there is plan fire this
is very important
yeah I'm sure everybody everybody hey
Kawai mecha stop it with that shit
that's dumb what's he doing he's doing
like this that's like a character in the
chat stuff stop it but it's a lair yes
it's very funny you can do a thing with
the thing now stop it they'll never stop
except I did yes I moved the mouse icon
sorry about that
I found the souls of Lords within the
should I skip cutscenes how important is
the story to this game probably not very
neat the first and just we'll keep
playing it a key planet oh this looks
neat the bridge of Isaac
can see this is why I can stream on my
own is I'm just sitting here silent
quiet as a mouse
I'm staring at this fucking game I
should be at least describing what I'm
doing but no I can't even manage that
yeah see if you
the dragon
No
it was all looks very neat yeah very
excited sorry if we're not talking to
the story but uh when I comment on it I
guess I knew what was going on if I knew
the story I had a time sure Oh someone
just asked I was killing American style
we had March detail from the director of
samurai cop we will we will want we will
we're very excited about it if that
helps someone congesting what video
games I play I don't play anything
J is not a gamer I played I was before
but we did that last string yeah we
played Sonic what was the last game you
play the online perfect strangers game
that's it before before that I don't
know probably a Nintendo 64 game way way
back I'm shocked you had a Nintendo 64
oh yeah
I was sorry when I started to lose
interest in playing video games up LB
n64 era
well the n64 was a piece of shit shut
the fuck up the n64 is great have one
good game it had tons of good game into
a two good games what's your two good in
64 games Mario 64 and oq dove time flew
to Thailand of time what about smash
brothers fuck Smash Bros what about
Mario Kart fuck Mario Kart wow what
about Goldeneye fuck whale and I
everybody liked Mario can use a mouse
and Goldeneye it was a shooter no you
couldn't use mouth-fuck Goldeneye
oh oh hey it looks like we might be
playing I am NOT finally playing again
this is exciting this is exciting
yes no I'm not playing games okay
yeah Majora's Mask you know I never got
into majora's mask I think I was too
young I think I was too young to get it
I would I would be interested in
replaying now that I am an adult and I
admitted a previous stream that I
avoided Majora's Mask the superficial
reason that I think young link is a
fucking ugly character model
this is your fate I want to kill
something oh nice catch J so this is
this is a beekeeper yeah this is a bad
environment to get absorbed into a story
for so you know we can get absorbed in
the story later once we I think yeah
this is one of those games where the
story doesn't matter as much as the game
point and it looks like we might start
playing soon which I'm very excited
about I was a neat looking night yeah
the the opening cinematic to Dark Souls
is a little boring oh whoa oh that's it
okay oh I'm moving Rich's moving guys
what is this pillage corpse sure why not
dungeon silky yeah you did it we won the
game guys congratulations we cannot go
home what would read message
oh so tutorial mystic okay great all
rights the camera controls a message
right RB is attack that's weird attack
button Oh
Oh what's a thing yeah that's a monster
you have to kill that monster oh hey you
did it oh I'm making sure everyone says
this game is supposed to be hard so I'm
not taking any chances
hey suck in my foot
all right don't okay so far left stick
hold be today okay these are helpful
strong attack is the right trigger okay
okay so you have like light attack
strong attack dad what's your favorite
movie by Ridley Scott here's the thing
you should know about me I'm really I'm
really bad at remember
please Scott movies I hate runner my
money in
I like Blade Runner I like alien so
there are Prometheus review some people
were saying that I was sucking Ridley
Scott's dick but I'm really not the big
Ridley Scott fan I love alien yeah but
you don't like boy Diamond seen them I
actually don't like Blade Runner and the
math me but it's loves a
gorgeous-looking movie myself
yes sleep board well it's you know it's
if you're not into like the new are the
detective story and I I just never got
into the story then probably hate you
know but I hate you now I've tried it's
almost lots of love that movie you
should have loved I start watching it
was like this looks amazing huh but like
twenty thirty minutes in I I just can't
do it anymore
really I've tried so many times to like
that movie but I just have to come to
accept the fact that I don't okay but it
is a great I you know what
I accept your difference of opinion and
and acknowledge that people have
different opinions and that's okay
that's a really bizarre stance to take
yeah I know I'm sorry to be calling me
horrible things right now
I should be but but we're friends and we
have difference of opinion sometimes I I
really like later I watch by Turner
every once in a while just just because
I and I would like a lot of really slow
for a movie yeah what it is about
blazing under that I just don't get into
that's very strange
yeah it is boring III get it look but it
looks great but it is boring oh it's
slow but I will you know boring boring
has a negative connotation it's slow
like Star Trek the motion picture is
boring I love that move off fuck you
like that that's the only Star Trek
movie that's a Star Trek story yeah
unknown thing exploration discover
what's going on no you know why it's a
Star Trek star because they took a 20
minute story and stretched it out to an
hour and a half it's so fuck oh my god
oh my god alright alright oh shit I
found it doc but
okay okay I got this I don't got this
one Bogg also nobody friend me now I
thought I'd disabled steam overlays but
apparently I didn't so nobody friend me
or else your name is gonna be seen on
the stream yeah Asylum Demon fucker oh
that's a cool monster get out of the way
oh I'm so dying yeah I mean you're
probably gonna die hit him
rats run to the left run to Daddy rich
is gonna be too busy dying
yeah there you got okay that's what you
do in this game you got it oh my god I
don't like time with one little sliver
of his help log I did terrible ok
Terramar where he was one more shot and
I'm gonna pass it off the jack okay
that's great get him you're supposed to
run run away run away you don't fight
him yet
oh is what they say right to the to the
left we listen we hear you you also have
to understand that your comments come in
about like 10 seconds after we do two
things so just be patient
Oh having to run from the monster I love
that that is sooo novel
bonfire lights what uh what's it what
does that do
oh you can rest in gain health oh nice
okay does it cost you anything to light
one like should I have waited I think
that work is a chokeslam
Oh oh my god aah oh God
you got an arrow in your ass get your
shield where is my shield get it Oh was
it
okay I think I saw a shield okay you
just gotta get past me hero guy I don't
want to okay
oh that looks nope that's a corpse don't
pillage when he's the corpse probably
has the shield okay hey guys we're to
hang in now this is podracing oh you
just you just killed my buzz Jack Jack
is that a reference to Star Wars Episode
one the Phantom innit no it was a
reference to the podracing n64 game Oh
Lacey then the game uh-huh
did you I don't I have no fucking idea
I'm sure I'm sure at one point right all
right it's equipped how do I use it
huh how do I use it ah that's a good
question one of the other triggers okay
okay so what what uses it the left
triggers here left trigger oh ah can't
get me now fuck you should let left
bumper left trigger I think it's a
shield whack oh cool
oh yeah
now you have to change your equipment
though yeah have you been playing with a
broken sword this whole time well I saw
you start with oh that's really funny I
like that I've been half paying
attention in a freaking the stream so
now this is soul collecting that's funny
that's a vintage milk that was a good
joke you win I'm liking it my steam ID
is har Lac but don't friend me now or
else people will see you because I
didn't turn off steam overlay I thought
I did but apparently it still pops up so
if you friends me now people will see
your steam name just a heads up people
are asking about the interstellar
trailer I haven't even seen it I don't
even know what it is so is that new
Christopher Nolan that's the one where
it goes back in time to get corn oh you
were telling me about that that's right
I know next to nothing about it I don't
really care I don't know we'll see
hey Gabrielle you're my friend now and
everyone knows it close har la ck oh my
god a review of El Topo or the only
moment I'll do a review right now
they're great oh fuck
hold on a second guys
me pause laughs I ain't oh that's funny
yes I'm just gonna I know I know I'm
doing awful here can I break that open
yeah maybe whatever um I'm gonna have so
many steam friends I don't bring you
right now everyone's friending me right
now so I tried to like fix it really
quick to turn off the overlay I don't
know how to turn off the overlay so all
your names are gonna be seen by everyone
they want they want more friends oh okay
they've won you're you're helping them
oh well that's fine I like friends do I
fight it now that I have shields that's
a good quote oh all right I'm gonna try
fight it now I don't know if I'm
supposed to but that's what I'm gonna do
I'm we're gonna do that blocked by some
contraption oh don't wait don't you have
a thing that picks locks you have a
special ability dad oh well parenting up
well me
item item no Len Kaczynski does not work
at Petsmart I I don't I think did we ask
him about the pet smart comment in his
credits can he never worked there I
don't remember if we even asked him but
we did ask him about it and he never
gave us a real answer no Len is a is a
has a real job that is not at Petsmart
he has a job that's like really cool and
makes him an even cooler guy yeah um
then you would imagine but maybe I mean
he he has oh he has dogs and so I just
think oh maybe just his buddies of the
pen smart people yeah we talked about
dogs a lot he have German shepherds
ah with Len and
oh my god we need to stop this I thought
I'd turned off all those notification
you know how to do that no I don't
remember I've had it off for so long
it's just naturally that way I guys just
stop for any me cuz when you want to see
the game friend me later this is why I
don't like this social shit okay ah I
don't know what I'm doing now I need a
way out of here and you can't you don't
have like any abilities to do anything
almost like a fashion open I need to
find the contraption but that's not it
oh you have like a little attack yeah
yeah oh that's cool
you need a contraption can you go back
the way you came and see if you can find
something which way did that come from
I don't know that way yeah go that way
this is the way I came from now on there
is the beginning of the game and I am
completely backtracking yeah well you
need a thing right why I have no reason
to believe there's a thing down here I
did well there's a thing I came from
here and there were no things there's
not a thing up there Oh see look there's
the thing that's a monster
well it's something it's something you
get to kill
ah someone changing eBay a Roberts
that's funny you people are funny
sometimes internet people target oh wait
how do you target people right right
click right right they click right stick
like this I hate those buttons those are
so awkward you know you can I wouldn't
use it I would never use that for
something as vital as targeting you can
probably tell you to go up the stairs
right up the stairs so I am going to
runway and Jack was wrong yeah well
surprise surprise
Jack was wrong I just want to know that
everybody sorry yeah absolutely yeah
yeah my nervous waiting Jack was wrong
yes I have many hours of tf2 I think
we've talked about this guy come to
Mexico Jay don't go to Mexico for that
Mexico
don't go to Mexico J what happens in
Mexico
um you party all the time party all the
time so how's that bad okay yeah go to
Mexico okay I'm gonna go right now all
right later bye jack I'm trying I'm up
the ladder now what okay he's up the
ladder what do we do now what do I do
oh no this is gonna turn it so what do I
do next kind of I don't know what else
to do okay Jack didn't yeah is this
that's not with those backwards it's a
trap we're looking for hints here guy
okay we are ready for hints the room
with the lock the door two sets of
stairs I think well yeah that's not
helping me you know what did I go up
those stairs before oh there's more
stairs
I might have oh there we go no I think
there's a locked door up here maybe it
of there's bad guy nice block nice block
I thought you don't like a special
unlocking thing ability I'm suing this
just for chest or something I don't know
it says the boulder Evans the Boulder
the boulder made a hole down here after
it chased me is that what happened oh
thank you guys ah Thank You Koren you
know it's like being in a theater for a
horror movie with a bunch of noisy
people um yeah don't go in that room but
it's kind of helpful in this situation
yeah
oh no I was listening to you and I
didn't read that what do you say uh oh
my goodness eh ah yes this is why you
have headphones on rich
image to the land
Lorde's will now ring Isabella oh one
more thing
yeah take this mr. Jack if you set your
scheme friend status to offline it might
stop the notifications oh that's a good
idea thank you you play video games why
don't you know these things I usually I
don't have that many friends okay that's
fair enough
um hold on a moment guys I'll be right
back apparently Jake Lloyd odd steam
streams Dark Souls all the time yeah
yeah oh great whatever he's the famous
actor from jingle all the way I see what
you did whoa yeah I don't know how to do
anything how do I do this
oh here we go hmm
go away I can't I can't get to it
because so many people are friending me
Allah we're getting there
oh my god stop it oh my god stop it I
I will friend people if you all agree to
send me free games free games and rich
Evans will friend you on Steam oh wow
someone says Jake Lloyd likes red letter
media when we met Jake Lloyd he had no
idea who the hell we were or he was it
was at least pretending not to know
maybe he learned after the fact it could
be yeah because when we met him the star
wars RVs are out but that was when we
just started half in the bag yeah so but
we had him sign we had him sign an
autograph and we said to make it out to
red letter media just to see what his
reaction would be but he didn't know
that we work okay I'm now offline oh my
god you're getting down here well uh
yeah that the headphone course very long
oh you want my mind sure yeah I want to
switch shot that way sit and be
comfortable be comfor
because they can become as I'm dying
whore with it okay I am now offline on
Steam thank you for that have there been
any responses to my free game extortion
racket I don't know
this goes by so quick I don't even know
I'm sure what games do you want rich
make a wishlist rich I'll make a wish
list Oh sad how did you get the guy got
a key I'm assuming it's for the store no
that's not for this dog hey what's this
down here it might be for the gate then
right because the gate was also locked
that's locked by some contraption all
right so I need to find another door yet
oh not the stairs there's that gate all
right all right we're going back fine
word do we gothis guys we fucking made
on this maybe you don't even know how I
guess I guess that's this door just a
normal door key all right yeah all right
okay back up this yeah we're in there we
are getting there guys okay it's like if
you more strengthen that's beat Oh
what does it do oh yeah yeah we gotta
keep track of that left stick
okay okay that's weird
oh sorry oh and I left the mouse on
screen again sorry guys we got it off
now
oh my god I like this game but it's a
lot to get used to
in fear J I know that means give beer
you know those three words give beer J
maybe they're saying you should donate
your beard to the less fortunate
no no it's Jays beard it's mine I grew
it result you guys see edge of tomorrow
no I honestly I'm is it out I didn't
even know which one it says the Tom
Cruise one oh that one looks that one
looks and I saw the trailer it actually
looks interesting I can't decide if it
looks interesting or silly maybe it's
both and that's okay that's bold didn't
his last movie look interesting though
what was his last sigh fine oblivion
yeah bloody and was very good no but it
looked interesting before you actually
saw the movie yeah
give Jack bald someone already did
someone already did that was God yeah
gave it to me in high school I started
leave you a bad case of mold
I started bombing in high school yeah
well I mean obviously not as bad as I am
now but was it like noticeable like the
people comments on it or anything when
you're in high school if I could know no
one noticed in high school but I could
just tell it was thinning like you know
cuz a bit like you're my hair like at
one point I had a glorious head of hey
oh my god what is that
I don't know traverse the white light do
it fucking do it oh my god that's great
oh my god what did you to Jack nothing
but Jays just doing something oh shit oh
shit oh shit you probably should not
have traversed that white leg alright
alright Jack you get to do this for okay
I'm just gonna get used to the buttons
here real quick guys
Oh probably want to do that heavy light
my sheet shield shield bang which I've
never connected with Cyril and then
right trigger locks on does left trigger
do anything now okay oh and then not
wise let you double hand wield your
sword oh okay I I'm assuming it gives
you stronger hits that you like the lego
movie right do like know my high I love
it as well and you okay you guys hold
like it I haven't seen which way my gone
rich um oh I got killed in then this way
uh yeah okay my god like a movie if if
you're into Legos the lego movie you
will wreck you I don't know where you're
saved you might want to go through that
opening and talk to that guy again I'm
not sure word turn around I just want to
do this oh I love how clung keys role is
cuz that is please denied exactly that's
exactly how someone wearing all this
armor would roll just like boom just to
just press it without doing the
direction Oh a little bit quicker oh
nice okay rich do you like Wind Waker I
think I love winwaker right okay that's
like my my first or second favorite
Zelda game possibly behind Link to the
Past okay what system is that um when
doing some GameCube games you but they
just re-released it in HD for the Wii U
yeah but there's no way I'm paying $250
how much is the Wii U 305 for a new
fucking we use just for that yeah agreed
Oh up here
don't jump oh okay
right-click the right thumb yep there
you have to click it once and then I
haven't played around that there's a way
to parry I'm assuming I'm assuming
that's the second shield button after a
hit but I haven't pulled that off yet
actually it's one of these messages says
how to do it okay Irina hostages yeah
what about link awakening Link's
Awakening yeah I haven't I think I
played it once Link's Awakening is tough
because saving is really hard and now
and that was the game boy one right yes
yeah to save it you have to press Start
select a and B off the same time hate it
okay oh yeah we know that already
left stick but oh yeah there's a whole
bunch of stuff sounds like you're trying
to learn all this stuff while there are
people watching you sure it's really
really awkward left stick
rich what's your favorite comic um voice
you man what about a spider-man fan been
in my second favorite put my actual
favorite comic series aspiring to be my
favorite character favorite comic series
might be preacher oh really
I love preacher I've heard lots of good
stuff about preacher creatures creatures
good like a lot of things preacher is
good except for the ending the ending is
a horrible anticlimax it's not terrible
it's just a lot of build up to okay I'm
not understand this message this is a
left stick forward it well that button
forward or yeah trend
no not for Oh get out of here you have a
shield huh you ever shield well listen
I'm trying to figure out how okay
they're watching us
yeah I don't know oh okay yeah you go
this is all about oh my god it's awesome
that was
in fact I want to do that smart gonna
get you nope well you should walk onto
him first
they're going to kill by the arrows yeah
I'm probably going to be to run they're
saying
I like that it's a no actually like that
it's kind of a clunky action game yeah
this game it it feels like you're
controlling marionette his movements are
always you know they're slow they're not
ultra responsive but somehow it it works
it makes you feel like a clunky night
left trigger repellent on attack after
right button okay bright button right
bumper left trigger right bumper I'm
assuming you have to be blocking with
the shield
oh you see that how did you pull it off
exactly is I he did it and I hit the
trigger and then when he was open you
blocking with the shield beforehand no I
was not blocking with the shield before
ok so just in the middle of one of his
attacks do the shield bash judicia bet
like I just timed it perfectly
hoping it's locked ok someone said if
lunch ever since he was playing this
game he would have beat it already
that's true
he would have potato the shit out of
these good evening potato and everybody
you know that's that's not true that's
just not true how did I have my help
thing before there is
ok not of my help I like led but he's
not Chuck Norris are you saying that
Chuck Norris is known for being very
good at video games yes
ok supposedly Chuck Norris is on being
very good at everything that's true
except sucking do it do it jack I'm
doing do it now you're gonna get killed
by this dragon what if I don't want to
jump no I think you should jump ah it
doesn't matter it's time for me shit run
run run run I'm Ronnie hold the B I am a
baby oh my god can I run away again like
you ran away didn't you hey yeah you got
a sword shield I'm assuming you're
supposed to fight it this time yeah
probably I probably can't parry him even
do some dodging I you know what I just
tried to best use some help no cuz help
oh shit I did use help oh oh you're
inaudible poisonous ok roll roll roll no
didn't real fast enough okay that's
alright roll bro
okay he didn't get me that time fuck
fuck fuck fuck I'm gonna hide behind
this pillar no it's not a good strategy
no it's not a good strategy I'm work
plunging attack is what they're saying
how do you do that which is the Osher
that doesn't jump
yeah that's lunge I died again Robocop
50 50 50 just chillin when that ever
comes to mind is Dead or Alive you're
coming to Bay but there I know that's
probably - bitches leave
oh yeah just the movie the movie in
general yeah bitches Lee Vincent Lee
Robocop himself I'm trying to think
about things he's said oh I don't know
the only thing I could think of coming
out of Robocop's mouth is better alive
you're coming with me but get in in the
movie bitches leave it just leave also
who cares if it worked
yeah pretty much any line said by the
the sleazy corporate guys is gold okay
yeah no we're good
I feel bad we're so bad at this no don't
worry about it oh I missed it no okay
okay that's bad yeah but now I'm gonna
get it taking us up no well yeah the
other guys here oh my god
I'm paid you've made this much more
complicated than it needed to be I'll
try anything
block block what I got it I got it
lock on and hit and hit and dead okay
great I think there's another guy over
here
for no particular reason this is
reminding me of Dragon's Lair
particularly them I think it's because
you're a slow clunky night okay sure
dies easy get out of here I was trying
to hit it with my shit you tried to get
fencing I did try to get France keep
dying to play so you take any particular
I was trying to hit him with my shield
you can't do that apparently I mean I'm
sure you can but I was doing it wrong
some are your first impressions of the
game so far fun cuz I barely been paying
attention to the actual yeah Jay you're
you know you're gonna have to play at
one point oh god oh how do we do this
stupid thrust that's I do set a thrust
that's a jump I'm trying to try the with
a bumper that's the kick okay I think
that's that yeah that's it for us he was
alright alright
that's the what they're talking about
and then you have to run away I'm sure
you do that and run away
um and I'm assuming it's more powerful
with the shield put away oh sure that's
the other thing right all right and the
shield won't do anything event against
the big bad guy I can only assume and
I'm all business no Rich's got this you
guys all business business in front
business in back bitches leave no good
time alright that's alright oh fuck it
nope it's already done
that's alright I am liking it even
though it's clunky that's the charm
that's the thing it's but it feels right
for the character because because he's a
slow stupid human being haha I think all
the mechanics are there and right um
it's kind of exactly what I expected
which is a really good thing which is a
couple of key move sets that you have to
learn remove armor to move faster Oh
move armor different class or you can
probably take his home you can write
that his off yeah under the equip thing
you can take
okay I thought that oh nice yeah that's
neat Richa Singh his first parry he's
really excited about it every lost power
what does that do exactly I don't know I
did it why does every enemy look like
Dobby the house-elf
that's really funny uh Dobby the
house-elf it's a hair it's a Harry
Potter thing Oh Oh is it that little guy
yeah okay they do kind of look like
Dobby all right I'm gonna go to the
bonfire then I'm gonna attack the dragon
the monster the demon thing oh you're
gonna go heal first is that the demon
soul is that what that is I don't know
probably so you know I've seen every
Harry Potter movie I said the last few I
would see in the theater and completely
fucking forget everything about it the
next day huh
passing deposit I think the reason
people watch like dumps it comes or it's
just a distraction I would see those
movies like that was pleasant enough and
then completely forget everything yeah
the only one that stuck with me a little
bit was I think the third one because
that was the one that was directed by
Alfonso Jerome werewolf in it yep and I
remember that a little bit more but
that's about it
we're always a positive outlook here on
the one who did you lot tango yeah that
was the third okay weird yeah that's the
one with you're the old derailment yeah
yeah that's the only one that has stuck
with me at all how do you remember I saw
the final movie I remember how it ends
if we go down the stairs if I'm looking
for the bonfire so I can regain that
health before I you have to go down the
stairs or jump don't jump probably
because there might be fall damage uh
what stairs we're the stairs I can't
find the dams to the left okay okay or
you can press X to use the healing
potion but why is the he I don't know I
don't want to waste a healing pads these
game have a right idea yeah this game is
supposed to your fire press X to heal
why no why wouldn't I want to use the
bonfire
possibly now you'd have to fight
everyone again everyone saying don't go
to the bonfire oh well guess what we
just did can you can you explain why not
I'm curious well well I guess we're
gonna find out hey but it was the
prisoner in Azkaban that was the one
that Jay likes yep all the enemies
respond that is he doesn't even that's
fine I can deal with some responding
okay but yeah so now we know hey guess
what guys that's how you play a game you
learn you learn by doing oh no some
saying don't listen to people talking
about the bonfires so maybe I'll have
you know if we should probably just
ignore whatever they're telling us to do
it just respawns all the enemies so he
has to fight them all again so he could
lose all the help that he just regained
um but with every pastor you get a
little bit better at fighting so it's
possible he might not lose anyhow this
run and I have so far so don't fuck
yourself wrong button I was great that's
just quick
I love his roles because it's just like
he falls down all right here we go
traversing the white light people we're
doing this yeah
going to handed now if you want Oh
plunge right now why not I'll get a kind
of
that plunged the jack shit
oh my god you are so long how to find a
place to go heal oh my god get out of
there
uh and you're dead so much for business
do you hate I feel like we did a lot
better that time
remove skeleton remove skeleton what
remove skeleton what no you missed I'm
you didn't plunge well how do i plunge
Oh like falling down is that what they
mean I don't know where's my shield goal
my steel vanished
Oh Preston oh oh fuck this we're
learning attack what you can attack
while falling okay is what people are
saying okay hmm okay why didn't they
just say that I don't know in about in
about 15 minutes we're gonna take a
little break
that's because that'll be an hour I
blame everybody else for my failure
sorry at all that's funny leave the
message in front of the door it tells
you how to punish okay oh okay
I mean well that was an actual helpful
coming no thank you
and I'm gonna fight this guy just
because I love you not bonfire we won't
bonfire this time I read the message by
the door press X to remove Skellington
this game is too spooky for me oh this
game is very spooky it is a neat looking
game I like the atmosphere of it yeah
how do you very much actually invade
attention how do you actually use the
health press the X button okay okay but
so now you can you can remove your armor
if you want to move faster no I don't
okay right button while falling plunge
it sorry okay guys we're plunge which
would you rather play this or watch
amazing spider-man 2 what oh no that
works yeah no I'll do it again at home
okay
oh my god now you're gonna see but now
your phone nice one nice one oh fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck oh fuck no
you're fine nope
run away
fuck run very much away no run away hi
it's easier said than done
Jan Hey look at how far you got him over
half full yeah yeah here you go that was
good that was a good run rich you can
blocky we can block Ajanta fucking thing
I don't believe I mean I I guess sounds
insane why double faces okay can we
parry can we parry the bad guy that
would be really helpful is there a thing
I can use to look at the chip I can't
there's no way I can read that oh good
tiny pinch on switch places
oh it's gonna use your oh yeah sorry
guys
pause ah this pains about demur even
it's not it is but it's not someone
suggested you play naked the thing they
don't understand is that you already are
well yeah more naked remove your skin
man they're talking about the guy oh
yeah edge I'm pretty sure I know if I've
learned one thing in my life is that
nobody wants to see me naked
I keep trying I just keep trying it it
never works you keep trying to get your
problem riches that you're trying to do
it in places like them all in grocery
stores like you can't just do it
unexpectedly really yeah people frown
upon that one can you do it um in a
closet with all the lights off that's
the best place oh my god
okay hi we're doing it here community
goobie all of this comments in this
there's no way to read them all it goes
so quick it makes you feel almost bad
but there's nothing I can do there's
just too many peeps Jimmy here's too
many people are all my peeps what's
wrong JD I'm probably saying yes great I
happen to like Easter candy okay this
does that okay you know what I'm gonna
do like you put in slo-mo does it please
please remove his skeleton well I guess
you can is Jack now so you can claim to
Jack for not removing the skull of D I
don't know what that means yeah we don't
know what that means
please remove skeleton is there a
skeleton in our inventory
I am unequipping all of my all of my
jams oh my God look at that I'm naked
here's our German guys see I don't I
don't know if I should tell people my
steam name that's up to you I'm not I
gotta warn y'all I'm not a very social
person like if you go to play a
multiplayer game with me I I like never
play multiplayer games
so it'd be like Oh almost a wasted
friend so you're like a zombie oh you
can move much faster now
can I get behind this nope okay get out
of here get outta here get out of here
you ain't got nothing okay I'm just
gonna kind of hide back here you got a
window in front of this screen you got a
window in front of your screen what yeah
oh I can't pause the game thank you
oh my god yeah the thing yeah the thing
oh god you guys the stream is going to stop

[Part II]
mics on game on hey guys we're back
alright thanks for thanks for hitting so
we were practicing a little bit while we
took a food break rich rich is playing
now we think we're ready to take on the
monster game thanks for waiting
soon here's a question you enjoy
watching us die repeatedly and get
terrible at this game should we should
we have played a game we know another
question
yeah also we don't know what remove
skeleton means you keep saying that and
that helps us in no way whatsoever I
know how to remove armor oh god damn you
yeah no the shield bash doesn't work on
him no oh you did the timing wrong
hey I would practice that shield bad
that shield bury things it's so cool
yeah you have to you know it's just
timing okay
I'm all business for the fourth time
there we go now if you see Sounders
working everything should be working
we'll see yeah you know what we we
already did remove the skeleton it's
totally removed remove that like three
times okay if you want you can um if you
click the little gear button you can pop
out in the chat so you can make a little
taller I'd want to know how they know
what's in my basement oh I get it
yeah no I get it that was funny
good wait like he was saying there's a
skeleton in his basement and he remove
remove it that was a reference to Star
Wars Episode one the fans
okay you know what the people want they
want beard Star Wars there's a skeleton
inside you remove it Mississippi this is
some sort of mean no it's maybe an
inventory thing Wow we'll see you both
see what we can do guys well you know
what we're on top of it I want to bury
him
fucker please the FPS guys I've you know
I don't know
what we're what we're looking for here
we're gonna go to the uma Tori right now
we're gonna look for a skeleton as far
as like you guys get in glitchy video
and whatnot we have according to open
broadcaster which is what I'm using we
have zero dropped frames and we are
rockin through what you know what we are
only doing 30 frames a second but I just
want to make sure you guys get a nice
stream so we might be able to go up to
60 I don't even know if the game is
playing at 60 frames a second but we are
not dropping any frames over here I see
nothing that says skeleton anywhere I
can only assume this is nonsense and
that's a very good assumption it's
probably a nonsense thing okay okay we
are doing this Mike is editing the next
half in the bag yes and also on a level
of fucks given about video games and
Mike gives negative yes and that's fine
say that is fine I just think yeah
yeah you know what I think I think J if
I were to describe your level of
videogames you you have you are
ambivalent towards video games you can
play them yeah I can have fun playin
right I never say you know what I want
to play a video game right whereas
someone like Mike just could care less
gen-i we rocked some turtles in time at
one time oh that's right that was the
last game I played before you play
turtles four five nine
when was that oh oh yeah there was that
board game night and you were to die
again yeah yeah but that's what you're
doing this game you die oh you got my
that's good I think it's nice
oh yeah
you've got him you got him
can you I get away into HIPAA I can't
nice nice gift
get him get do the dragon
oceans you got one humanity
good job ish I mean you did it you know
you got 2,000 of those things points
maybe those souls maybe their solos I
don't I don't know yeah we're just gonna
call them souls
what are you going down I don't know oh
where am I going now and I don't know
the stern of a date the birthday boy
yeah raise the jams now the real fight
begins that wasn't the real fight man I
didn't win the game he didn't win the
game thoughts on the ant-man thing I
think we we talked about this last dream
I was I'm I'm a little disappointed that
Edgar Wright is no longer making it
because I just think he's a good
filmmaker and I like it when he gets a
budget but I'm sure they'll find you
know for a moment they were talking it
was rumored that uh-oh Ed McKay that had
him at a day Oh God for like five
minutes
that Adam McKay was going to do it and
actually I was a little nervous because
a weird choice because this whole thing
is just shoot a bunch of stuff and then
make a movie and enemies right right the
giant barmal bill I would not want to
give him action yeah push you you know
offense I just you know he's never shot
an action see there's some okay stuff in
the other guys okay I'm gonna be sure
there's a okay action okay yeah you know
it's fine for Will Ferrell comment
yeah yeah I'm sure the people that
marvel have been doing good work they
will find someone to make a good movie
or they won't and it'll suck oh then
this important thing is that the reason
he loves is basically you know they want
an attempted you know follow these
specific things yeah Fornell these
reference to other Marvel movies that's
I kind of wore down Jon Favreau to is
that what happened yeah an Iron Man -
they're like well you got to put in Nick
Fury which has nothing to do with the
rest of the movie there's this whole
scene with definite donut shop has
nothing to do with what's going on in
Iron Man
- then again there really is no plot to
Iron Man - no no I thought I thought the
Fury plot weaved in well because after
after you met him at the donut shop
then the shield locked them down and
they didn't figure out his old power
thing I don't even remember I just
remember Mickey Rourke sitting around
with the entire movie yeah White's at
the end yeah that was that movie was a
lot of it was a lovekiller
yeah oh hey hey whoa hey you're at a
place a things him you're a thing is
happening rich no I like you know it was
that was a good ventures pretty cool the
problem wasn't in the original movies
yeah
I would recommend Jon Favreau's the
movies outside it almost seems like a
response to making big movies like what
but don't worry about her what you're
doing great this is a wardrobe there's
this large room thank you I did direct
Scott Pilgrim you know what I have not
seen Scott Pilgrim it's a well-made
movie but it gets very repetitive yeah
he fights a boyfriend he has to fight
the other boyfriend I I didn't care for
it that much but it is one that isn't
that becoming yeah yeah well I mean I
saw much I think I saw like when it
first came out on DVD or whatever and I
haven't seen it since I remember
enjoying it though yeah okay a very fun
visual style is best movie oh oh hey
- what the hell okay
now I hear someone told me you should
level up your resistance resistance that
is something you should well they're not
fucking with you they could no they tell
me that before the stream started so I'm
going to assume that they're not fucking
with her resistance is leveled was
kindled in the first Halloween no we're
not doing chef on half in the bag it's
just a movie I saw one afternoon because
I was curious oh good yep and and in
true twitches chat screen fashion some
people are saying put it in anything but
resistance and other people I've seen no
immediately right now yeah well some
people are saying you should put it in
resistance and some people saying you
shouldn't put it in resistance it's too
late we've already done it people you
can't there's nothing you can do
yeah oh yeah resistance level of the
undead but there's no salvation here
better rot in the undead asylum we are
we are like a nun Mercer yeah that's fun
okay I mean I'm okay yeah people are
talking to us the civil wakening what's
happen I get that people are just
talking to us like like we're not an
undead monster I think it does it like
just every once in a while like in slow
mode for a little bit and the people
talking it's a pristine stop you rich
has not decided whether or not he wants
you to know who he is on sadena
what there's somebody awesome with that
hey I know there's multiple people my
name I'm sure whoever whoever has the
most hours into into my little pony
adventure adventure adventure that's
rich Evans the game my little pony
adventure adventure adventure
exclamation point not my little pony
adventure adventure question mark which
I thought really dropped the ball as far
as the series was concerned adventure
adventure I don't get the My Little Pony
thing what the birdies I don't get the
bronies yeah I really believe I've seen
some of the My Little Pony cartoons and
they're fine like they're they're
nothing special I really believe that it
was irony gone awry
oh is that it is that an enemy no it's
not irony though no I think it started
as irony but then other people saw the
irony and didn't know was irony and so
they thought it was the cool thing to do
and that's how it started
is it was irony turned in on itself see
I'm all about like if you're a fan of
something go for it yeah don't be
ashamed of it but that is one that I
just do not understand and I've tried to
understand there was a documentary on
never looks about bronies like anyone
look like something you've seen why come
into it because it's well animated and
it's well written for a kids show and so
you can say that about so many other
things yeah I never got any insight on
what is so special about this no and you
know what like it's not like the
animations maybe I'm a male person as
far as animation is concerned but it
seems pretty standard and it is as far
as the story is concerned it is all like
stock fantasy shit just wrapped around
like friendship instead of like fighting
you have to use the power of friendship
but like I said I've seen like three
episodes why is this so popular amongst
adult males that's why I watch the
documentary - I understand that and I
didn't get any insight like there are
awesome kid shows like like Phineas and
Ferb is a is like a Disney kids show
that's all about like kids that build
shit and go on adventures that
awesometown
what are we taking here oh my god the
Morningstar looking at the giant face
great I switch into the Morningstar went
up
it's a giant spiky maze thing I like
swords he likes ok well then do what you
want oh now can you quick switch if you
press them I'm gonna find out a right
and I'm gonna find out you doing
everybody
I got big-ass mace
homeward bone Howard boned
Howard the honey that's funny I've seen
I saw the pilot of Rick and Morty and
really enjoy I never got around to
watching Xena yeah it looks fun it's
it's like back to the future if dr.
Emmett Brown were an alcoholic yeah yeah
so it's it's fine everything's fine Mike
and J are frauds that's true that's very
true not only Mike and J everyone here
I'm gonna have everyone who's ever
helped red letter media everyone who's
ever watched red letter media yes and
everyone who has ever heard or been on
the Internet is both a hack and a fraud
pretty safe assess Oh Jack what'd you do
look what I got going on you can fucking
do it
oh this seems like a game that I'm gonna
play a lot I'm just putting that out
there to everyone
yeah I would want time to get into it
now look this is this is weird with an
audience like watching me figure out
what the fuck I'm doing what I don't
know I don't just like this I'm trans oh
nothing nothing nothing can I Mac this
down everything's fine now how are you
in Sarah's episode one the Phantom is
who skeleton
all right I got no shield now because oh
man my girls are for pansies oh my god
they're they're starting to dodge you
now I
oh my god there they reform and this
will probably like this probably lessons
as you go you're gonna lot of things
whatever that is removes down feather
fun what uh yeah I'm sure they're Dark
Souls in default it's just this jacket I
put on that Fox
what were we talking about I completely
forgot okay here's our mouth skeletons
in the removal of skeleton ah we weren't
uh Rick and Morty the other side the
shield side you switch for the morning
star or you can put that in the other
hand you see yeah that's gonna do do it
equipment go to them where yeah yeah
you're there you figuring it out you
don't need me if this shit behind you
wanted in and then okay get out of here
very high now we twenty I don't want to
go to the forest where I don't want to
go to this go thing is wearing me down
someone just asked the skeleton movie J
sin death the 7th voyage of Sinbad is
that the mess skeleton room yes
or is it there's no question what about
our darkies you know an army of darkness
was just oh moshing sin better yeah
just talking about just the skeletons
the best one is the 7th voyage of Sinbad
maybe
these skeletons oh there's a skeleton in
space Cal you can say that well that
please all of you people that keep say
all this bullshit what's a skeleton it's
dirtier wait I saw something Oh confirm
for skeleton know people are saying
jason and the argonauts not - there's
one headlight seven skeletons and there
was another one of those that had just
like 100 Jason Uranus is one respite 7
guys this chamber this big fucking bird
up here big words you're on Sesame
Street
we found your location ah do I do I hit
the bird a bird Bretton we're okay okay
looks like a go just chilling burns you
know Birds be chilling oh who gives a
thing over there I want to go over there
okay who someone mentioned lost skeleton
of cadavra that's a good movie has there
ever been a horror movie centered around
a skeleton like where it's trying to
actually be a scary movie yeah a killer
skeleton why not because it's so silly
we yeah there is totally fall down
everybody told Jay that your bones is an
excellent idea
jo get started on that immediately I
just started script right now yes that's
what he like pops up in front of people
and says I've got a bone to pick
and then you already did that fun which
way did you go to get to the skeletons I
guess that's the way one of these cores
everything looks the same
everything looks a little bit Sam sir Oh
Ames the bank village carps
Oh firebomb yes please
change equipment I think that's just
part of your inventory you cracked arm
what do these - I'll try and put
something in the shield hand maybe maybe
it isn't is it is it in here no
greatsword talisman does it tell me what
it does pose toggle status does it tell
me what it does I don't know oh sure but
does it tell me what it does
where's your fire bothers theirs
oh that's ok you don't need to equip
that just hit down until it comes up
like hit hit hit down and it switches
and what is gonna be the fire problem oh
great that's ok well maybe you're not
the fire bomb I need to equip it so I'm
assuming with enough humanity is that
the goal of the game you become human
again rather than undead yes uh listen
you can die again in like 20-30 years
medieval time
what is and what I do wish I knew what
these things did or is there way people
that we it can tell me what they do know
just fucking user oh oh here we go
prevents returned the last bonfire
that's neat I don't want that one though
I'm gonna unequip that one use use used
to acquire Souls okay firebomb I want it
I do want to equip the fire bomb so I
want to unequip the bone because I don't
care about that
and I'm going to equip the fire bomber
okay so you're gonna have so many of
those but it's yeah okay
make sense all right everybody fire bomb
now let's fight some skeletons they
don't die they just keep coming back I
think you're not supposed to fight them
I'm gonna go up here this looks like a
place to go you can do whatever the fuck
you want
that's right I can you've got the Lions
yes go there you go you got a thing to
play oh fuck fuck he comes out here fast
oh I was ready for you that time
fucking oh my god I did not throw fire
oh he threw a firebomb I get it I get
what's going on
Oh oh my god
oh they can drink OGS to which I think
it's really big
that is come here you fuck face good
turn get on the other side of it there's
something behind you and Boyd fire up
your ass
no it's ham I thought oh no somebody's
dropping it
hold on pillaging cartwheel Oh jack oh I
you got you got killed wall I will be
wandering the countryside
Helena died um here we go again
okay okay oh there's the stairs I'm
gonna go right through this I'm gonna
fuck some people off this time guys you
don't even need to worry
you don't even yeah you're bold thank
you killing American style we are going
to wash it eventually though I'm very
much looking forward to it why you could
probably say if we're going to watch it
and two other movies okay oh there's
that fuck I'm coming for you you
dickhead just throwing the fire bombs
like an asshole come here okay okay I'm
with you I mean he'll okay good yeah
come at me bro
good job all right okay one of the time
one of the time okay is that fire bomb
fuck still up there yeah yeah don't
worry about that fucker down there all
right
learning lessons people okay that was a
nice gotcha design I appreciated that Oh
your ass ah yeah I kicked his oh damn
okay going back down here you can kick
his ass I can kick who this you hit it
with a mace yeah it's different people
are saying the chat is not going to sync
with the video
I lost talking yes maybe alright people
saying that that n'sync is the are our
voices in the video and sync with the
game or is the champ not in sync with
the video yeah cuz the answer me that
the our voices should be in sync with
the video like right now I am spinning
around spinning around but the chat will
be off because of the lag of the
broadcast lag that's just a normal thing
for for twitch so Jay you should be able
to see me videos about five seconds
behind your audio videos about five
seconds behind our audio okay we can
change that maybe not right now in order
to change that in order to update that
an open broadcaster first and then the
video game does so okay okay we can fix
that I know but I'd have to stop the
stream and restart it so I'm just gonna
you just have to deal with it for a
second unless you want me to stop the
stream and restart it that's the way
open broadcaster works is to make
changes like that you need to soul of a
lost under
so the last time yeah I'm sure there's a
it's fine
oh this is just a temporary now some
people say it's not so I don't know all
right it's time okay it looks the clips
yeah of course pillage the corpse okay
you know what I agree we do need slow
chat I keep going to slow chat and then
it just stops being a slow chat of
medium speaking of check things where's
the huh oh sorry yeah I'll get you rich
rich wants to read the chat now two guys
read a lot of things about skeletons
yeah yeah I think shit I you know what
I'm sure as rich and I get into like
Dark Souls we will understand the
skeleton joke and think it's hilarious
maybe not
it might not have anything to do with
anything
you fuck get out of here come here come
here
yeah yes
fucking gotcha you can attack make chain
attacks by pressing attack faster you
can make chain attacks that's what this
guy said okay I like it I like the
thread mates try mashing we'll see what
happens don't give up do you you try
spinning that's a good trick
okay okay yeah that does work I came
rich it's gonna be great
nobody gives a fuck about your tired
references that was a reference to yeah
we don't know no I was gonna try and say
something different oh oh I couldn't
think of anything off the top of my head
oh my god I had my shield on oh that's a
reference to top man from that Megaman
game Mega Man 3 that top man probably
sorry is there like my smashing crates
pointlessly is there anything ever in
crates
I have not discovered a thinking there
yet no but it's very fun yeah fuck you
free
okay so if what we learned last time is
true if I go through the white light
that's the main bad guy so I don't want
to do that so I think I think I saw some
stairs over here nope okay they're
brewing stairs so I can't go up there
unless I can no you can't jump or
anything can you not that I know of
okay I definitely don't want to go down
there oh-ho B to run press B while
running to jumping do why your wedding
oh okay if I can get up here a little
jump I don't know we can get up there
probably not supposed to get up I want
to get up here really bad because it
seems like it seems like you should get
there okay all right Toronto his name is
Kristin he was a nice guy if he has
bonus wine oh those are the nicest guys
see like if you can get up there then
maybe you can jump across that thing I'm
sure you're not able to get up here but
guys bear with me somebody says go to
the fog it's not a boss it's not a boss
yeah I think you're lying to me but I'm
gonna do it uh it was just a loading
point I think cuz I had one earlier that
didn't take me to a boss okay to an area
there is no boss okay
fuck fuck gates are not always bosses
okay thank you thank you should do die
oh oh okay I got this well you don't you
just fell
I'll get it you ain't got shit that's
true okay
I ain't got well there's a thing oh yeah
I saw that that's not that hey so so
yeah we're collecting Souls do with it
do this will probably help you 100 maybe
i for Humanity firebomb crackerjack
Lloyd salesman yes okay I'm gonna try to
make this jump again nope oh your
characters hard to move but I like it I
dig it you guys I dig this I'm digging
it I like his shiny ass armor yeah
nope I didn't even I press the jump
button guess what didn't jump do you
just have to put ol what somebody else
is mentioning that ts fix and yeah we
right now we're just playing the game
yeah we've heard about it when we first
started this but I'm gonna attempt this
one more time guys maybe maybe later
right now just one more time asbestos
stream in my playing nope nope nope that
wasn't that wasn't my test I'm gonna
attempt this one more time you're not
gonna make it I'm probably you haven't
made yet yeah oh I don't think you can
it looks like you can you cannot make
this jump
alright it looks like you can No fuck
fuck fuck
running away fuck what's the last comic
I have read
it's been a long time since I've read a
comic book I've said elsewhere that the
moment Spiderman sold his soul to the
devil to end his marriage I don't think
the actual soul was sold but that's when
I said you know this isn't for me
anymore
as far as comics in general
I love the webcomic Slade freelance I
leave the shit out of slutty freelance I
recently read gonna do a little bit of a
goon series that I really liked I the
fry have the first two trades of goon
fuck you
I gotta back up I gotta I gotta heal
nope yes we have seen x-men Days of
Future pants ah we may have some things
to say about it quite soon and my yeah
wonder where Mike is am i into j RP r JJ
jr. oh geez no not in any way shape
did I kill him nope I didn't kill me
fuck you guy I love The Watchmen
yeah watchman is a great book watchman
something you're every time I read The
Watchmen I noticed more things I've
never noticed before
yeah little little details in the art
hidden hidden smiley faces I was loved
finding a new smiling face
oh fuck I died try to think I'm out for
even thought I could do it as it turns
out I could not you know what I read
recently what I read I read a Sandman
buck do you wanna give it a go amigo
oh I read a I read a Sandman book not
not Neil Gaiman's Sandman but a
different more detective II Sandman
where he wears a guess and then the
Street Theater him Sandman mystery
theatre I think it's a beautiful little
comic oh it's a great series I love the
style of it I love I love that he's a
superhero and instead of having a mask
King he has a gas mask
it's so it's very focused very polished
very Noir is very detective II enjoy it
remember a fire bomb guy yeah is up here
where you were before they were things
that's the fire bomb guy but remember
there's other guys I remember that
didn't work I died I did die absolutely
because that's what you do in this game
you do which is fine Oh Perry in yeah
well you know that's a really nice thing
about games like this is any time you
die it's your fault right now because
nothing has changed mechanic wise we
know all the moves we know all the enemy
moons I just went into a room and tried
to take out three guys at once and I
shouldn't have that was my fault for
dying and right now it's Rich's fault
fucking around
you shouldn't be parrying well he just
didn't like doing it
how often you end up saying go fuck
yourself okay three words in the English
have an excuse to say them what do we do
about poison how I'd fix that Oh
probably one of your things
check check your inventory and I bet one
of those things is like a get rid of
poison thing how do you find out what
things just do what press X X and that
press a and it tells you explodes
prevents Estes recovery within a limited
area that must be for enemies turn the
last bonfire use acquired Souls no
Humanity in Souls no I guess you just
don't have a normal what do what are the
souls do what do that hey guys what did
the souls do I'm good thank you
I'll fucking press X it's not letting me
use more potions no oh no I mean that
someone just said that in the gen I
thought I was funny um
I have been watching Game of Thrones and
I'm convinced it's a bad show but I keep
watching it every week if it if it
wasn't for my wife who read all the
books explaining everything for me I
would be utterly lost every single
goddamn week I have no idea who all
these people aren't where they're going
or what they're doing and then she tells
me what they're doing and where they're
going and it all makes sense and they're
boobs so that's good
I haven't seen the show souls are a
currency to level and purchase items
I gotta stop behind appraise so much as
I like doing it it's just so satisfying
to stab something I think good boobs
yeah exactly and you know I like the
boobs and I like there's a ton of really
great Gore effects yeah it's really
awesome especially this last week's
episode had a really
in fact for anyone who watches it but
but it's just like there's so much
happening and then like they'll
introduce a character and he won't do
much but a season later that character
is really important but they never
bothered to remind you who he is or why
he's important but all of a sudden he's
fuckin important and he's the king of
wardens Mort and Lord inch Mort is the
gateway into the north there's some
bullshit it's it's all ya wiener so it's
best fine everything's fine David Wain
to a state show like him and Michael
Showalter called boobs show I like it
like I'm sure the Game of Thrones books
are very good like if you're into that
kind of fantasy era sure I'm sure
they're very good because you know a
book can explain more things than TV
show can or a movie so I'm sure the book
is good I do like the boobs I have not
seen the show Big Love and I have not
seen the show The Wire I haven't seen a
lot of TV shows I don't really watch
much TV I tried to watch way back in the
day I tried to uh friend was trying to
get me into the wire and I have I had
the same problem with the wire that I
have with Game of Thrones which is oh
yeah they don't give you any exposition
in the wire which that's kind of like
their stick
you got no I got no murmur oh wait and
so they just kind of throw you in and
you have to figure it out as it goes
along but that frustrates me oh it's you
guys it's worse all around it isn't
maybe faster movement they're just worse
now fuck it oh it looks me not really
makes him look weird Starbucks or Dunkin
Donuts of course Dunkin Donuts because
you get Donuts Twin Peaks yes I do love
Twin Peaks well Susan why did you stop
oh I'm in that stupid screen
oh the inventory screens on the
transporter could attack that's so
stupid
well you it's just the thing you have to
know yes yes I am slow that's why I
can't follow most things
III need things to be spelled out for me
very clearly do I have lately I've been
watching some episodes of eastbound and
down which I had never seen before and
it's the best thing ever a show that's
that dedicated to making his main
character the most despicable human
being alive is wonderful someone who's
trying to regain his confidence in
himself when it's completely unwarranted
because he's awful I love that joke I've
heard great things about true detectives
and yeah is that HBO or Showtime
oh oh oh fuck oh fuck
I'm trapped and the camera won't move
there we go yeah great things about your
detective why doesn't our elem move to
California because California's a
horrible Los Angeles Los Angeles is a
horrible city and we all live in this
kind
which we we work completely
independently of if they're talking
about because that's where like movies
are made or shortly that's not what we
do that's not what we're trying to do
we'd probably have an easier time
finding actors that that would be the
one benefit is that we would have an
easier time finding it yeah yeah we
talked about this last stream about like
all the leaked stuff from Star Wars 7
it's still being made by by JJ Abrams so
it's no matter what they leak no matter
what practical effects are being made
it's going to be the same movie who
carefully like sure he's using practical
puppets and effects which is nice
he's still just an OK director in life
he's a finder of fine
yeah I'm sure don't look good the
problem is that he's never had a good
script ever hmm so maybe this will be
different we'll see yeah I'm not excited
about it
I'm worried it'll be horrible it's a
sure it will be a crowd-pleaser it'll be
the prequels
you know what you want to see in a Star
Wars movie so we're gonna put those
elements in not taking any risks and I'm
sure it'll be a pleasure
nice Hey look at their support yeah yeah
yeah
remember Harrison Ford Han Solo yeah and
that's what all of these leaked photos
are is just saying like we have we have
a real puppets in this one you guys
remember I didn't like all the all the
green-screen hey we got real puppets you
know it will be exactly what the first
Star Trek movie was which is fine it
will be fine a fine space adventure so
you know maybe it'll be good
speaking of reference have you seen
movies I have I've seen I've seen a
movie or two it's awful I can just say I
was telling Jack and earlier I rewatched
the film splice recently I saw when I
first came on a video and I'd complain
and everything about it so I rewatched
it and it's so perverse and wonderful
and silly yeah rich Evans is playing now
not not jack
so that's why I'm not talking much yeah
someone was asking me if I couldn't play
anymore and then I'm not playing yeah
and I did see someone in the chat
mentioned like learning how to parry is
really important for later and so you
know practice oh it's me okay if someone
keeps asking about memoirs of murder I
have no idea what that is
so no I have not seen it oh and remember
you can kick end to hand away
that's what people are saying what does
kick do the normal attacks don't okay
they probably knocks people back when
I'd rather just stab them until the fest
I'm sorry what if what if you have two
enemies right do you get what you were
able to get up there no I know I was not
able to get it okay
there's a fog door around here that I'm
not finding is that up here uh where are
ya oh the fog doors already open
apparently okay now there's a ton of
guys up those stairs
get ready get fuckin ready are you ready
no oh kick breaks shields and brakes
blocks okay okay that's important
thank you Thank You Chad move Jacob's
Ladder
have you seen Jacob slider no I don't
think so Jacob's place that right what
is it that's why it's in Robins okay I
like the rest of creepy follow me down
here away from the old guy because I can
talk I said that like an idiot well but
yeah it's a really good eerie depressing
fucking movie great from the director of
you don't look traction I want to say in
their interests I know Jacobs ladders
excellent well there's a bonfire head
apparently I went past it you know oh
you can't open that door
nice this is great you know games are
great video games are great where's this
bonfire oh it's all that that's nice a
wooden shield yeah just what you want a
wooden fucking shield no where's the
bumper oh it's up ahead I can't yeah but
you might want to you might want to heal
dog get out of the arrow-firing well
then word eyes up here yes yes there are
more guys out there conditioner 2 3 I
just killed yeah
and there's like guys that are dropping
fire bombs and shit there is some shit
oh oh is that it yeah oh there it is
slow and steady slow and steady slow and
steady like Sonic the Hedgehog taught us
I am NOT hyped for e3 we were just
talking about it three and I mean I
liked II 1 and E 2 much better yeah you
think it's gonna really trail off
everyone is usually when it falls apart
yeah that's true
you know what Jays right you know last
year was such a hype fest with all the
new consoles and all the new jammies and
the jams it'll be interesting if they
reveal something interesting but we
can't know if that's going to happen
right like if they're gonna talk about
games
I'll be thinking dog I still attack but
no you got it you get it oh yeah
hit him before he heals somewhere about
those fucks I think there's got a high
noon you know and it's in intend oh this
year is doing a really interesting thing
where they they're not having the press
conference there they're doing their
normal Nintendo Direct thing which i
think is really now there oh there is
yes I remember in that room there are
three fucks just waiting for you like
Nintendo is just doing their own fucking
thing and I dig that about them they
don't give no fucks about proper
procedure like everyone's doing a big
stage show fuck it we're recording a
thing and release you know whatever we
want that sounds good to me
yeah no oh fuck yeah you're so very fun
don't say that you always do the exact
opposite of what is expected oh you made
it
yeah I kick ass rich you kick ass I
can't help it if you saw oh wait can you
like can you level off at the bonfire I
think I can yeah I mean I gotta be sorry
I'm gonna see if it's already sweaty
stats exactly how are we such acts um it
takes practice
yeah Timothy yeah this much of a hack
and fraud um but you know you just keep
trying most the most important thing is
just to say and do whatever the fuck
comes some top of your head whether you
intend to do that
that's what if you want if you want to
be a hack where we need what are these
things do if you I wish I know what the
fuck tournament was can you can you like
Lord oh if you click the back button
it's an explanation it did my name
that's that's the explanation go right
here you go
thoughts on frozen now has a chance I
forgotten everything I wanted to say I
hate the music yeah I I made I've been
talking about frozen for a while and I
made Jane rich watch frozen with me
a group of adult here here is okay I'm
talking about
did you level up no no the the love
interest who turns out to be evil
actually has much better chemistry with
princess what's her face then the blond
dork did yeah yeah yeah I would agree
with that also I hated most of the songs
in it there was a couple good ones but
most of them stopped the story then its
tracks which is not what a musical
should do also the story forgets what
it's about
it starts okay the movie starts off and
it's about the relationship between
these two sisters yeah and how they're
really close as kids and then a bad
thing happens and then they drift apart
and the one sister wants to be close the
other one's afraid to let it be close
that's the story yeah then the first
happens and it turns into a generic
fucking romance movie yeah the girl the
girl and the blonde the goofy guy who's
a standard love interest yeah then the
movies about that and then in the last
two minutes the movie suddenly about
sisters again yeah there's like the
movie forgets what it's about not so but
they that's one of my major problem they
deal with I'm I fucking you guys I'm not
about I'm about to defend frozen bad I
just want to prepare the one guy turned
into a jerk he was a wonderful character
to have he wasn't the take-charge guy he
was the guy who respected the woman the
woman let her go on her adventure he
knew she needed to do something with a
sister and he was looking after the
kingdom for I thought that was kind of
refreshing and me but no he had to just
be a bad guy who was plotting evil
things
more than the story I mean the story's
fine for what it is we're in the story
though I've just anointed all the
musical numbers especially after who's
the main girl Elsa or is it the other
one I forget I really didn't rekt up in
the game he can't answer to Elsa and
Anna Elsa and Anna honest the frozen one
right now Elsa's is the queen and Anna
is that is the redheaded princess okay
yeah but so she gets she gets knocked
unconscious or she's dying or whatever
and they take heard of the little rock
trolls yeah and then no that is the
worst song she's fucking dying and then
they immediately break into a fun happy
song about but he's a he's a fixer-upper
yeah but they didn't know she was dying
but like do you think they would say
Lucy did didn't they they think they did
I can't remember now but even if they
didn't still like at that point in the
movie like this is a big dramatic moment
and then they stop for this retarded
song and then they get right back to it
like oh by the way she's still dying
let's take care of this and you know she
had a much better song with the fake
love interest yeah that's a great song
yeah yeah I don't care it does its job
kids love the movie and that's the point
but I can't love no sane I know so I
can't say it fails I mean he does
everything it's set out what entertain
children although I did ask because I
have nieces and nephews and they're all
obsessed with that movie see see that's
usually a brain I'm more whose your
brain yeah you have a brain no I'm not
been smart but apparently even ninety
says enough you don't like that troll
song okay so even they - they're totally
into that movie and even they get bored
during that so you know what I'm gonna
turn it again I'm gonna rest and just
speak those bad guys again
area we're gonna try to fighting these
pecans again because I can do a better
job
you do
apparently I can't do a better job I'm
getting away from underlies you in there
that was just your spot
yeah and you missed it I did you know
what I did was right
why not dude cutie does everybody pissed
at me because I should have prison no
people seem to like that you're oh wow I
think that I think the frozen has
reached that level where it's so popular
that now people want to get the spectrum
of opinions on it they keep saying it's
Disney's grand return and well you know
I'm still not saying it's horrible it's
not bad it it's still nowhere near the
Little Mermaid Aladdin and given the
Beast yeah and you know like fuck The
Lion King
I'm not doing a much better job
here's slipper it's just you know it's
fine it's fine everything is fine
it's you know it's touch with kids
movies because they want to watch the
same movie over and fucking over again
and so you know your treat just for
treat the treatment I don't have my
talent okay we're just gonna try this
all again I do always hate the excuse
for a bad kids movie well it's just it's
a kids movie what do you expect
well I'm always needed what I'm saying
is I get frozen because frozen is a
smarter movie than that but people do
that for every bad kids movie though jet
jet use the long sword that's what I was
using fine I like the me I'm just the
one short and I kept all their asses
yeah I know I know
excuse your brains I was asking about
airplanes in the Naked Gun movies great
classics classics so fucking funny
that's like the only thing the only type
of movies me and my dad have were bonded
over like we both love and make a gun
that is stupid humor downright stupid
humor done by smart people that know how
to execute a problem
that was supposed to be a run jump
attack press X to not die haha yes we
all want Yahtzee don't worry I'm gonna
get out of here I'm gonna get out of
here
I'm gonna get out of here and jump nope
okay okay that's alright that's okay and
hi why am I not jumping and jump okay
nope alright and oh no I don't have
daddy issues we have very different
taste of movies but we bond over the
Naked Gun just because everybody likes
the Naked Gun movies yeah well at least
the first couple I'm 33 and a third was
that the one with Anna Nicole Smith yeah
yeah that one gets a little rough to
watch yeah that's got some good stuff
the some of the stuff at the Oscars at
the end is good but it's not directed by
David Zucker it's like a director for
hire they just wrote it so it's it's
lacking the the timing of the first to
all those gags are what what did I think
of tangulls I don't think tango is even
worth talking about it's just a dumb
standard Disney musical thing are you
kick again do you remember how you kick
stop with your thoughts on rich Evans
nigra terminus that's an all cap so they
mean business favorite favorite Mel
Brooks Young Frankenstein oh I love the
look at that wrong G Wilder I haven't
seen that one in a really long time when
I was a kid I really liked history of
the world that was funny
I loved the Spaceballs as a kid just
because I was super into Star Wars I
like to baseball's it was never my
favorite though
no Blazing Saddles when I was a kid it
was nice I didn't see other Mel Brooks
movies till later
but even as a kid I loved his baseball
Spaceballs is probably last a good one
he made
oh yeah yeah you're Robin Hood
Mennonites essence Dracula devil in
battle Meyers ago yeah I forgot about
there's one good gag in that whole movie
when they have to put the stake in the
the chest of someone who's a vampire
that's sleeping and there's just this
geyser of blood and uh the guy from
wings goes this is horrible
and Mel Brooks says yeah I know we
should have put newspaper down and I
mean
how
okay I got turned around oh my god okay
alright thanks
and you guys come and get me hearing
thank you how did you get here they
would bend it's either a Nirvana or the
doors go either way
that's all so I just listened to lots of
really random stuff mm what have you
been listening to lately J uh lately
I've been listening to a lot of balloons
okay old tiny blues I've been listening
to I don't know why my favorite music -
jock - is like the shitty pop punk I
listened to in high school less than
Jake and stuff like that so that's why
I've been wanting to you know when I'm
listening to lately and it's it's it's
shameful mp3 of the air wolf theme that
was the helicopter I know yeah I just
got this like sin themed thing dude yeah
why have you been listening to the half
I look at these episodes the show is
just perfect eighties action series
thing alright alright
how are you I've also been listening to
a remix of the that megaman 2 song wily
staged stage 1 no no no no I can't even
think of our girls on them trying to
think about it
so I mentioned Devo yeah I like Devo oh
yeah see those careers good I'm a big
fan of Oingo Boingo like I'm a big fan
of Oingo Boingo the only one to ever say
that it's just a sentence you don't hear
that's though it tickled me and then
talking heads might be my favorite band
if I had a big one-oh pine resin what
does that do it once I'm gonna I'm gonna
come in here and hide and want to see
what a gold pine resin does um
lately I have been listening there is a
applies of lightning to right hand
weapon that seems awesome
there is a Milwaukee band called call me
lightning
oh yeah and they just put out an album
that is so fucking good at Hertz if you
if you're into kind of like garage AMD
stuff and I've been listening to that a
lot oh my god there's three of them I
can't I can't pick out three of them
right now
Wow rich the Mega Man son goes like
doo-doo-doo what should make me laugh I
can't believe I've been I've been
listening to that constantly and now I
can't think it's like my favorite 8-bit
song yeah I feeling like I was doing
pretty good
it's been about an hour we're gonna take
another quick break we're gonna run a
commercial and then we're gonna fuck
shit out and then we're gonna fuck shit
up we're doing a lot better I think
although they let me go back to this
screen because this is everybody's
favorite screen and I'm gonna need to
mic so we'll keep an eye on the chat and
and we're gonna I'm gonna finish my
sandwich huh we'll be back

[Part III]
this the bum bumper here it's like a
quicker weaker attack know what this
this thing Oh
the shield is this actually you're not
okay
that's shield okay okay when you want to
use two hands on the sword which I
assume makes it stronger
why switches between you know two hands
on the sword or okay or one hand okay
what are the other buttons this one here
that mate that makes you run okay how do
I jump there's no real jump I want to
jump sorry even roll away by moving and
pressing then that Run button okay
there's something else vital I know I'm
forgetting what is it oh you want to
block onto enemy like you want to target
them that's press this down oh it killed
the guy yep
oh I killed another guy I've used the
shield no I'm just gonna fucking kill
him
alright yeah Oh No
is he getting back up what is he doing
and where am I going
I don't know is there some we're
supposed to be going what is the point
of this game to find the thing I don't
know we don't know what we're doing with
this game Jackie's not very cool
am I really and that's how the formation
could be what's started you're not using
the LA condom that seems to be working
for you
all I'm doing I'm doing the same thing
over and over I'm just swinging hit the
blue button okay now you got more help
okay no I can't
oh and if you want to move the camera
around oh yeah okay figured that out
Scylla I see him come on fucking shit up
shame vomit is a beat-em-up all these
tables
he said fucking bitch still screw this
room fuck you table Oh
oh my god Jack I don't believe that you
could read this string here that is an
incredibly small text
your glasses that's true you might need
glasses there be a game where the whole
goal is just to go around and break all
the furniture I would have so much fun
again I think there is yes because it
gave her everything yeah we're exactly
am I supposed to be going
we don't know my dad that's find your
thing I find the way you're supposed to
go I can't tell you because I don't
really know if you see more bad guys
you're probably on the right track how
do I run I hold down the red button I
know that for sure
well this is they're like hit like a
dead end going the other way is this
going the wrong direction that's dead
outs identity yeah I felt like there was
nowhere else for me to go I know I I
know this is the way it goes so I got
further and you didn't I don't remember
what it was go straight yeah this is
where I was okay get off of me dead guy
get to that door yeah if you want
through there yeah I did go I was in
here all right now go out of there
Oh what's up those stairs I went up
that's there's like four different ways
you can go you haven't tried any of it I
tried all these I went up here and
there's just a room and nothing okay go
back now right
oh wait what's back memories out of
denim yes that was there go out of this
room I can't move the camera so you can
see the door not up or down left or
right there yeah I see that door yeah go
through that door I can't she won't let
me you can walk through it it won't let
me see look at that's not a door it's a
window that bad turn around it's behind
you that's where I just can't roll we're
going back cuz you missed away
no not the stairs yeah yeah this is it
that's where I just yeah I know go right
go right
there's nothing for this staircase ever
do let Jake play that game oh there's
the staircase I told you
that means you watch oh do I beat the
game you did you beat nothing you know
you will you win to play again
you win playing again why will you let
me swing it won't let me swing at him it
keeps turning me around
you're not doing a walk-on thing I don't
know what that means
specific guy oh and that's when you use
the camera thing you use the look-around
press that bounce hold it down like
press it in like you're jamming it into
the control pad oh I see okay that's
like a button and that will focus on a
guy okay apparently we haven't got to
the first boss yet yeah yeah we're
learning this isn't distracted not all
that serious play yeah they have to
realize that this boy we're doing a
speedrun they're letting me play so
we're doing speed run and I think we're
gonna break the record yeah
Oh fire killing that guy oh I would if
he didn't send me I'm fuckin fire undead
burg
that's it that's the name this Gary I'm
dead bird I'm Jenny J should have been a
barbarian
cuz he's just a complete utter of
deserter I'm just going for one whores
oh my god I can't see someone is asking
why I exaggerated my lab because I find
things funny
and so I expel air through my throat she
just made me do it
yeah see you see how that works when you
think something is funny you might have
everyone thinks my one that everyone
people took my last fake yeah yeah there
would be no point in showcasing it so
much if it were fake
I can't even that's the whole point I
can't recreate it like when I try when
I'm yeah but I'm not genuinely laughing
I can't make that song fuck someone else
set me on fire
that corpse tried to throw another
corpses watch out for fire you got to be
cool about Dark Souls
well you are dying a faster rate
I gotta be good at something I'm good at
dying oh my god oh god how am i doing
one more and then I'll turn it over to
someone more capable or maybe I'll just
turn over to one of you guys I'm
wondering what we should play next time
this our PlayStation 2 games at home ok
for you're a mosquito and you fly around
this house sucking the blood and family
members yeah I think I think for the
streaming odd things would probably be
fun
I don't know to all the people asking
where Mike is yeah he's on his way he's
coming here right now
and he's he's not going to talk I just
dream at all but he's just gonna sit in
this room and be quiet he told me he was
gonna play Dark Souls for four hours
yeah once he gets here he's gonna be
he's gonna play all night long he said
he was very excited oh my god
and then he asked me what an Xbox was
doing some Explorer in here why not go
the wrong way am I on the right track
now how can you say I'm going the wrong
way if you don't know where it's I mean
you go cuz I know everything mr.
mosquito I know what it's called
where am I we are asking for a Super
Meat Boy
I love the Super Meat Boy yeah simple
one to do play while spinning this
hey guys be cool about fire bomb safety
it says that's a beat I'm John
all right Pamela :
just think about that yeah
all right give me those yeah
oh shit oh shit our our maneuvering has
fucked everything up sorry everybody
everything's fucked playing did you plug
this in no sound oh sure okay do it
alright um did you play any Castle
Crashers no I played a little bit of it
and it was it got really boring really
fast I don't know which one that is
that's the one where you're you're like
the tiny knife with a giant head and
it's like a hack-and-slash it's an aside
crowing aside it's just it's very
repetitive it's cute it's game is
two-player I haven't gotten a chance to
play it to player or kill them I'll
press it to kill all the orcs or courts
must die must die yeah the second one is
a multiplayer co-op hmm and I wouldn't
mind a chance to play that with other
people
yes we have seen an American movie of
course we have because it was made here
what's his name Chris Chris Chris Smith
be walking premiere that yeah walking
Mike shank set right next to me yeah and
20 minutes into the movie he got up and
then he just never came back so my
cousin used to work for Christmas yeah
when he was making his like he's making
like a an India documentary a
documentary about a famous actor from
India that was one of his first jobs out
of college yeah merica movies great
that's that's just a nice documentary
beautiful well done we we see them
around every once in a while mark for
chart and and shank
Mike Mike shake used to live in my home
I got available I just don't live in his
old neighborhood if I still live there I
sell nothing must stop all yeah we've
been through we've been through Jack's
favorite tf2 classes before I main as
engineer and medic Jack look at this oh
oh my god you have a fucking axe I love
those weapons those are my favorite
kinds of weapons axes and maces and shit
murder this there's just something sexy
about a sword Jack there is you heard it
here from the first rich Evans like
sorry yeah that's that's okay if you
like a sword you can I don't have a
Dreamcast rich Evans has a Dreamcast
oh shit battle-ax oh that's great that's
great
yet no good guys don't worry he will
tell Mike that he should play more video
games we will absolutely tell him but no
I'm not gonna tell me I'm sure what do
you know sarcastic sure the anonymous
people on a stream chat think that you
should play video games I'm sure it'll
completely change his opinion absolutely
absolutely and we will tell him that you
guys think that he should play more
video games absolutely we'll have a big
conversation about it we swear and we'll
record it and put it up on the patreon
letter media patron and he tell Mike
he's a heck fraud all the time yeah hmm
and he says the same about us oh come on
people I know you could do better plate
Twin Peaks the video game does that an
actual thing or is someone fucking with
us might be I would play a 20 piece I
want to play a trauma do game but you
can't get the wrong game I can do that
next time okay
I want to play charm now I live in the
world with drawn but accidentally health
fighting a lot to lose how waste yeah
battle-ax
let's do this
guys I'm sorry we suck so much
I'm not how about that we suck that's
just the thing that happens
Tron Legacy I like Tron Legacy yeah got
a lot of shit no no it's fine I don't
look at it I love music the main guy is
sort of boring but Jeff Bridges saves it
it's got some problems it's a little
slow in the middle and a little choppy
but it's pretty
we're just looking movie and the score
is great mm-hmm-hmm I could listen to
the Tron soundtrack just just forever I
mean Jeff Bridges saves the first trunks
not like the first Tron is best
storytelling Mastiff is when people
family Tron Legacy ruin the legacy of
the legacy kind of failed movies but
they're very distinct visually there's
so much health this isn't funny
I have not seen the Tron car - and I've
heard it's good but I know there's a
Tron car - I think it's on that place oh
okay be curious Allah your corpse oh my
god you guys serious time I saw an
opening weekend in the theater you've
never seen ever seen it wow I don't know
why I just haven't seen it it's such a
good movie really yeah you're the last
person everybody else in the entire
world to see the mission through you
should really see there's plenty of 85
year old ladies I haven't seen it I
think even 85 year old ladies said oh
you should watch the nice bowling movie
yes we listen guys the be cool about
fire bomb safety is very fine oh you got
a crossbow I did nice and yes we see all
of you're telling us we should play a
deadly premonition do we know what
deadly premonition is I have no idea we
see all of that we don't know what it is
I'm sorry I'm and I'll and also shut up
in gym Gaiden we will that's it really
is I'm I'm only curious because everyone
fucking tells us to play it well it's
supposed to be bizarre yeah
tell me about Mike why does he hate
video games I listen how about this Mike
doesn't like games because they kill
productivity he's a workaholic yeah I
can't take a break he can yes it you in
in games you don't accomplish anything
except for what's in the game we could
be spending this time editing or working
on other stuff do I need arrows you
probably know enough of that in the week
this is a nice yeah oh yeah you're so
boned look at you sideways progress
going on right that's what I was gonna
say just tell us about Mike period we
will huh you know like we'll just we'll
pick a week it won't be this one cuz
we've already started we'll pick a week
and we'll just put a we'll put like a
recording on in the background it'll
just be the previously recorded local
loop and we'll just spend an hour and
we'll just tell stories about Mike and
that'll be that'll be the whole stream
you guys hear all about what a boring
fuck Mike he's good
he's our friend and generally speaking
we enjoyed his company you guys stories
one time where Mike invaded France all
right yeah we're gonna be stuck here
forever that's okay this is if this is
as far as we're getting so how much I'm
killing American style again you have
not watched it but we will I can't wait
yes we're very excited about killing
American travel I you know what I have
not seen samurai cop oh my god yeah
really wow your samurai crops okay but I
get I get bored with it because it's the
same it's the same bad thing over and
over
this guy can't this guy can't this guy
can fight his weight falls off that's
good that's good
I'm not down on the wig the wig in
general is very strange and interesting
Oh God best of the worst with baby songs
no fuck baby saw on a tcv song maybe
something was a series of videotapes I
know this because I had a little sister
that was obsessed with baby songs when
she was a baby so I saw multiple baby
songs videos
it's just songs that are aimed at babies
stupid babies stupid baby
that's funny
oh you died again and again and again
ever you want to take over okay after
I'd played this one more time oh okay
you fuck I heard some of the disaster
artist Richie read the whole thing I
enjoyed it if you're a fan of the room
that's must read it
Jack why did you make a song about going
to the bathroom because I think pooping
and peeing is funny so I made it I don't
know if you're looking for a better
incidentally and also hey hehe rhymes
with peepee
that's why I made that song was because
key here iams with pee pee so that was
it do we really work at Subway I do not
remember where that started the I don't
remember all right make sure to not talk
to anybody
oh my god
I was making no no no he was on his way
to not talk to people you you guys I was
making up that Mike was on his way but
he just came here but he's not gonna do
anything Mike you wanna play video games
he shook his head no he didn't say no
specifically because you wanted to hear
him say nope yeah Mike's the fossa hates
you okay we are dropping frames now guys
if you're experiencing glitchy video I
think I think Mike being here is making
us drew lose frame so Mike Gousha part
go it's like to read books I like to
read book oh you know what I haven't I
read a book recently and I won't say
what it is I read a book recently that
was so bad that it made me not want to
read books anymore what is that is that
a body
and like like beatbox but with that
that's terrifying where did you find
that every time
it's when I gaze fuck yeah ex I read a
book I read a book recently that was I
was really excited about reading but it
was so dull that um it made me not want
to read books anymore
Qaddafi him
so I would like to I would like to read
another book I think I'm gonna reread
Fletch I really like to Fletch
the Fletch hook you guys read the flesh
book although you're not a fan of the
movie right only because I really liked
the book you know it's one of those
situations book book wins always right
so I did not like the checker chase
movie mr. stamina is getting me til I'm
not very much essentially damn it oh
yeah yeah that's good advice thank you
thank you now it's getting me killed
playing the game yes we're gonna try
again we're inside yeah
I'll give you clues about the book I
read um it was a video game book what's
the Duma novelization it was not the
doom novelization novelization no I said
I just came out yeah mister there's a
there's a novelization of doom which is
just funny that exists come in here come
in here and fight me it's like the first
one was bizarrely a faithful adaptation
of the first game really yeah and then
this further series in the book it's
like the the author got bored said there
were really space aliens without demons
from hell
uh yeah that's that's fair that's a fair
assessment of doom how fuck you did not
call did you would be the first people
to know no you also like you didn't
leave a phone number or anything
no but there's caller ID and shit right
I don't know I don't know for voicemails
well you know I was trapped with that
airplane I really shouldn't look phone
I guess that's why we ran out of fuel
and everybody else playing died boy how
did Perry again on try pairing with the
ex don't block all the time that slows
down your stamina region okay that's
fair that is fair but I just parried the
shit out of that retrieval favorite
enemy
none we're just not enemy guys at rlm
yeah um I've seen a couple you know what
movie are we watching a while ago was
like it was a metropolis okay anime that
i really liked any of the Studio Ghibli
stuff is really fun of course everyone
likes that there's some oh there's some
fun stuff out there but you know it's
not for everyone not a lot of people
came just like you can get into cartoons
and shit stuff for some people like
returns BAM just leave them alone guys
can you just the oh oh there's some
stuff up here too
oh we've been up okay nobody's gonna let
me alone you know that's for being
richest the man the myth just makes me
stronger that's true
cool come here guys
what is your favorite coat from the blue
what kind of money followed closely by I
have breast cancer
Oh Jack do you have a favorite brain
quote I haven't seen the room to my type
it's worth it if it's earned every bit
of hype it gets waiting for the night to
settle down alright alright I like to I
like to be surprised when I go to see a
movie now oh my god I'm fucking getting
fond fire like it's that I know it's
it's a oh my god like it's that I know
it's me I'm sure I'm okay
you know it's that I know it's
notoriously bad it's so bad it's good
and so it's just yeah it just doesn't it
doesn't offer a lot to me like I yeah I
get it
oh my constant surprise cuz I don't know
what these movies are good or bad but
you don't enjoy the bad movie my best
lures know I love the bedroom it's not
the best of the worst boys there's many
different just because you know what's
gonna be bad
yeah that's why it's different doesn't
make any sense I know it's just me it's
just me rich first richest shark that
Jack hasn't watched the room but rich
hasn't seen Big Lebowski thank you come
on thank you thank you for defending you
know I'll have to take that one yeah
okay okay
I'm take over am I gonna be alone here
oh my god
oh my god just play the game cuz my
attorney I have no health potions right
there's no health potions I'm fucked
oh not that button of dem you alright
well I died I guess I'm God I'm not
talking this whole stream is crashing
and burning this rich Evans is in a room
alone playing a game I'm in the room to
know am i you are
you weren't for you I wasn't for what a
thing is why this is why I can't stream
on my own that's it's gonna be so silent
Oh keep fucking up name one funnies now
hey you guys you don't have to worry
anymore I'm bad all right here we go
here we go
what famous films have you what are
their famous films have you not seen uh
you've never seen the guy or to real
I've seen I've seen three oh my god my
grandmother would never let me out of
her sight she wanted to see The
Godfather three ended up going with her
I see we got father three all right
that's that's that's a big one yeah I
don't
so that's the biggest film I think I got
mother I've not seen Godfather two more
acceptable you've seen at least two
Godfather The Godfather
surely people see this better right yeah
well it's good yeah you kind of see the
first one oh that reminds me speaking of
movies that I own famous movies that I
own that I've never seen Raging Bull
then you own Casablanca
Castle you've never seen Casablanca yeah
I own it though
and yeah that's why I bought Raging Bull
was just to watch it and never got
around to it you've never seen
Casablanca no that's not shocking than
The Godfather
I know I think I want to Casablanca I
not in high school like in an inner
glass they never did that in any class
of Center I've ever seen it sure I
thought that's why I'm that's why I'm
more surprised at Salonika
oh you're one of those fuckers run away
run away run away don't jump
what do didn't any of you guys see that
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus yeah
probably a sign that it wasn't there we
going
fire fire why fire I have a in general I
have a really hard time watching classic
movies because of the the pacing of
older movies is really hard for me to
deal with you know yeah yeah
but you're you're used to Star Wars in
other words I'm used to Star Wars I mean
I'm used to well just even modern
fastness it's modern storytelling where
you know a lot of older movies pre even
during you know Citizen Kane time were
they were they were just they were stage
plays films you know and it's it's hard
for me to deal with the lack of
cinematography and the lack of a
cinematic language that can I mean what
we've been killing guys for a while you
probably can level off go to the thing
good as I think do this oh go to the
thing and do the thing yep that's what
he says
Jr you sure you actually have a memory I
I was thinking about that the other day
but I don't remember the conclusion I
came to there's any good no okay I mean
Mossad coming a mile away but I know I
know it was a two of them I should have
said I have a memory I don't remember
and even that one it worked but quicker
Lee Jin but later I'm not a head no
that's the thing um no I remember plenty
of movies but there are some that just
go and help
I don't we do with anything I'm joking
now there are movies I haven't seen in
20 years of there's specific scenes that
I remember visited that's the worst part
when you think they're dead for that
like us they're how far that's delayed I
hate yeah they got a sliver of red well
it doesn't go down right when you attack
them just go back in the charger I know
that looks fun but I don't care
Jay: Are you guys actually miserable during Wheel of the Worst? Uh, a lot of the times, yes.
Rich: Frequently, yes.
Jay: Rich, especially.
Jack: Jack, especially. I hate Wheel of the Worst.
Rich: Mike, Mike gets pretty miserable.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: I think it's the dumbest thing. I, I, I did that first Wheel of the Worst where we did Key Matters and, oh, what else did we do that episode. The first Wheel of the Worst, I did Key Matters, and some other awful bullshit, and I hated it, and I didn't want to do another one. And, you know, they needed to film another one, so we did this most recent one, and I was so fucking miserable, until we got to SOS. SOS made me believe in the wheel.
Jay: That's the magic of wheel. You can be miserable, miserable, miserable, then bam, something amazing happens.
Jack: Yeah. So, I, like, but, it's so hard to watch those, cuz even when we're watching a bad movie, there's something to joke about, you know, there, there's bad technique we can make fun of. But those videos are just, just a barren wasteland of suckitude.
Rich: I'm on a streak if not suck any well
congratulations look at look at my
health I've used no potions Oh Regenesis
that he's on the street which is
probably going to break the streak Jesus
smiled at me I know
whoever made that gift thank you
the world owes you a favor is that that
whole SOS video was a delight to watch
that's what I'm talking about
I like being surprised and genuinely
like doing fine Hey and a surprise of
stuff like now it's just so nice
discovering that and I've seen like
people posting the like the English
version that was a lot creepier now
though yeah people had brought a lot to
our attention about the people people
that made that SOS video and it kind of
makes you look at her in a different
light yeah I mean we thought they were
just like fundamentalist missionaries we
didn't know they were a cult that
abducted children yeah that was not
known to us we probably would've been a
lot more uncomfortable watching it if we
do that oh yeah yeah absolutely
they were to change the entire thing
now I've got SOS songs look at my da da
da doo doo dee dee all right now I got
it going on oh I've seen a couple
episodes of cosmos and you know it's
it's good yeah science anything yeah
it's you know like it's it's definitely
like if you're if you're into science
it's a little bit lighter fare but it's
it's very entertaining and very make
science entertaining right and it is
very beautiful to watch send and really
you know we could all listen to Neil
deGrasse Tyson read the phone book he
has a nice voice and a nice cadence to
it
what do you think Josh do I go back down
there and face that thing that killed me
before do I go upstairs and explore
explore explore because that thing you
that thing killed you without you taking
oh fuck but you're not you're not
people are saying go up the second tier
and then you see that's why I think
people like watching stuff like this is
cuz they want to fuck you are you
supposed to avoid that shit I'm prettier
probably not maybe you're supposed to
hit it with a sword can you hit that
with a sword I don't know they're gonna
tell me I can and it's gonna happen
again I'm gonna die the master key mmm
mmm that sounds fancy oh hey that was a
nice joke King yeah you got Donkey Kong
as an excellent job you build it up a
little bit too much jack oh well I
should have set the joke first and then
said yes myself but I wanted to give
props before the name scrolled by I was
I was waiting to be amazed
Oh joke people are saying don't go
downstairs still there right Jack's take
absolutely right okay I mean we're still
here we're still here
we've been here for an hour and a half
can we lock no 811 what do we have I
don't know
doesn't say I don't see where it says
trapped in a hell of her own making
okay guys we're gonna what's our goal
our goal is to get to the next bonfire
yes in general okay hey come on slowly
we're gonna play it we're gonna play
it's Mary are you still on the side of
every death you've earned um oh and you
know what you know what was working for
me in my last playthrough fire bumps
don't fight those guys
we know what's down there yeah
I firebomb the shit out of people and it
was just great
nice get out of it um every get here
yeah I mean but it's also hard like it's
a fucking hard game and that's the point
but I think I think yes there is there
is a way to use skill and I think we're
we don't have a hang
I thought of exactly see in there we
know that's just for guys to fight but
there's nothing new right well I'm just
saying for the sake of progressing in
the game I think we should avoid areas
I'm just getting rid of people yeah I
agree
I just want to I want to get rid of
people yeah why is your laugh so fake oh
because I'm a big phony where's fireball
oh here we go
how do I use that ex same way you use
the potions oh sure my mom might be
closer or turning trick targeting them
that probably works yeah cuz I was
targeting with shield guys it just
massacred the sheriff oh my god they're
watching us die in the same area this is
getting repetitive so you gotta figure
out what you're doing wrong and fix it
well we're being bad at it that's what
we're doing wrong just oh no the stream
is failing this stream is failing yeah
you see the little red line no oh oh you
just mean that we're sucking at the game
in this house yeah oh
people are not entertained by watching
us do this again heading kit it's like
fuckin ground hogs day
now okay oh you're not that good I'll
let J play again he knows what to do
yeah yeah I know sorry everybody
that was not thing to do oh my god I
quit
Duke lay there entertained by this I
mean no people might be wrong vechta
flea this is just a podcast yeah Sam I'm
wondering what type of game works best
for this what type of game works best
for this yes um I just think any game
they were playing it's the correct
answer
didn't hit anybody
no you're not what that anybody locking
on is hardened hey this way I hate that
bet it's the the right state that is the
dumbest thing hey I'm getting the hang
of this combo it's sure been why do we
can probably change it yeah maybe
why should have in lock on and the stick
should have been switched to the single
handed
oh yeah we can probably change that okay
I'm gonna lock on and firebomb hey that
works okay so now where did you go down
there down here firebomb those guys are
a bitch oh and go out that turn around
and go up the thing and there's a guy
there oh yeah yeah yeah we're gonna be
focused on this now yeah we're gonna
we're gonna get to a new area yeah we
are not paying a fee no it's good so we
apologize we're not paying attention to
chat but we are actually going to play
the game for a low good check this both
of us doing the game okay and we'll lock
on to him
get a little closer I have a fire mom
okay there's another guy off to the
right
okay well firebomb just kill him normal
I can take him okay
fuck yeah hey upstairs
don't go upstairs oh that's meant to
bear go downstairs and we're at
firebombed that guy at the door oh sure
oh yeah he just fucking ways they're
gonna check over here first he doesn't
come for me I don't know I really don't
know that's not that okay I got him I
got him I go fucking got him fucking got
him okay this is good this is all good
no that's not good that's we don't want
to go that way so we're gonna try for
firebombing this right you dodged the
barrel you dholtze you're on a staircase
were you dodge you can dodge up all
right locked on and running away that
didn't work that didn't work it off
didn't take any home today nope okay up
the stairs the black guy is going to
read yeah he did he absolutely did he's
going to kill us okay
try it again we're gonna die for the
boot fucking barrel high one guy that
this guy first and do this hi now we're
gonna take on mr. fucking bolts you got
nothing and you and light a few dead
okay no we're not dealing with them I'm
liking this renewed focus on the game
yep you guys you've got this I know
there's one fuck of the door right away
so we go like this
fuck you and fuck you and fuck you ah
and roll out of the way cuz you ain't
got nothin a note oh that's not the
button I'm interested I don't care it
looks cool you're doing this looks like
an action fight this looks like that's
cinematic it looks like an actual title
of some Van Damme shit that's right
that's right okay
alright these guys are fucked now we
worse stairs
fuck those two they're nothing
yeah there's nothing they got nothing
now I got a nine firebomb so these guys
aren't that bad walk up back off a bit
and take them out can I come on back
back she's the one with the fireballs
okay all right we got this okay we got
him another stairs take care of the
crossbow guy we are gonna do this we're
doing this fucking crossbow guy yeah all
right all right
drink a potion okay let me get my fire
bombs back okay okay okay okay okay
oh we got these fucks down here okay and
fire bomb bed and fire bomb no missin
and fire bomb
okay now this guy can take he's just one
yeah
nope you get out of my Jam's dick
back off and he'll was fierce oh fuck
there's another guy back off now I am
backing okay I'm backing off yeah I'm
gonna do fire on that was terribly
ineffective I sure was rich is a much
better player than I am renewed focus
all right Turner guys back off
oh he felt that was very convenient
great great um okay yeah I know I'm
sorry everybody
what about dying
people are saying people people are
asking us what our hobbies are our
hobbies are making videos and playing
when watching bad movies watching bad
movies is our hobby
everything you see us do is our hobby I
guess you know like the one thing I also
really enjoy board games which is yeah
my mom is really nice there cuz it gets
rid of all for ya get that power you
know what we can look oh yeah no you
don't have any salt arms 31 1003 and 76
and that's the bottom right corner isn't
it I I think it is maybe okay I think I
think we're doing this stupid we're
losing all these souls were collecting
we're not cashing them in yeah baby
fake laughing is also my hobby you don't
think laughs all right thank you I know
um I don't play tabletop RPGs I've been
playing a lot of deck building games
recently as far as like board games that
I've been playing specifically the Penny
Arcade deck building game I've really
been enjoying and the Adventure Time one
has been fun what do we want to increase
your check that vitality our health or
our strength or is is there something
that makes us like move faster I would I
would say maybe that dick steroids but
I'm Durance let's go for a Durance um
ma I can tell you what my job is it's
making videos rich what's your job
making video yeah that's what our jobs
are I I make I make web videos I make
branded viral content you've probably
seen some of them and then I hang out
here for fun rich Evans I believe acts
in several web shops and works for a
small production company you guys know
what we do for a living
nice nice rich
I'm gonna kill him this time he's just
not doing it yeah and it says they're
saying if you take the armor off or use
a lighter armor you can move faster okay
I don't play too many role-playing games
I when I was younger I tried to get into
D&D but I never found the right group I
think I would enjoy it oh you got a fuck
following you see that I really think
that I would like Dungeons & Dragons I
just never found the right people play
with they were all kind of they were all
way too into it and weren't down with
teaching me so Oh Oh God
we got to a bad place right we got to a
fireplace fake laughing was always
parked my plane yes absolutely
some I have a hearty laugh I can't you
know there's nothing I can do about that
rich it has a hearty laugh and I find
sometimes I just find the fact that I'm
laughing funny like why am i laughing at
this and that makes me laugh harder so
these are the things that are you saying
you're in marketing I am NOT in
marketing no uh I oh we forgot about the
crossbow guides right I don't do
marketing I just I produce the videos I
work with I work with marketers I don't
like them mostly other people who I work
with talk to clients and marketers I
just try to make a stupid video that I
think will get a lot of views and
sometimes it works and sometimes it
doesn't you know the the important thing
if you're trying to make branded viral
content as far as I'm concerned is just
to make a good video that has some
branding elements to it
get there get there you got it rich nice
now he's fucking nice Guinea quick
because high fives really quick that was
really nice I have a Hardee's laughs
that's funny
classic adventure games I didn't get a
chance to play much of them we didn't I
miss your adventure game guy yeah rich
loves them I didn't east-west Space
Quest I'm excited like rich wants to
play some on the streams and I think
that's a really ok oh is this not coming
down this time alright ok we didn't have
a computer much growing up because they
said done was bad right yeah down with
down bad down back up good because as
you might know I grew up on a farm and
so we didn't have four computers oh oh
those look like interesting barrels
you should smash upload those are the
exploding barrels a fast
I have completed many games of monopoly
if you played Monopoly by the rules it's
a very fun game I really monopoly is one
of my favorites Ecuador who is there is
there a save your life is there is there
say yeah what do they call a bonfire
nearby well I can't go up okay uh hold
on hold on through it don't do it yeah
I'm doing it right now it doesn't work
up does use the pine resin before you
fight the boss what pine resin I have
pine resin
I'm Settlers of Catan yeah love settlers
I use that all the time I play that all
the time really enjoy settlers there is
no pine resin or somebody's bullshit
somebody's full of shit guys who's full
of shit I am big a bullshit

[Part IV]
okay you're full of shit so Jack here's
a protip now just keep in mind this
isn't prompted by anything yeah in the
future if you're shooting in front of a
green screen yeah it's a good idea to
not have a spotted oh my god
no that's a great that's a great road
you can't you got own it but you're not
no no we got to new area and and richest
out-of-box
not doing much to the boss
well I'm trapped in here matters which
is aspect ratio and it means how to tell
something is versus how to light
sentence
there's a ladder back where you came in
well we're all the way back here now
that's all right
oh it says climb up and in sword drop on
his head like three times Oh
protip okay whole approach it's tonight
in the car no no do you remember game
pro game bro yeah yeah
pro tip throw that well that car episode
we didn't even do the green screen for
that in effervesce we use Final Cut
laughter birthday forever
you know what has a really nice green
screen from here that I've been use I
use premiere prize the Adobe suite and
I've been trying to talk Jane Mike into
switching over from Final Cut I
understand all the pros of it I just I'm
so used to Final Cut I got the groove
okay that's fine it's fine
this game will not be the death of me no
I want to be I want to at least beat
that last boss there this neck is Boston
obviously not the last possum we did not
use Dark Souls face whatever that is I
don't we don't even know what it is
is it true that I have nowhere no hair
anywhere on my body like that kid from
powder that is not true why I have hair
in other places why are my arms is that
a thing
powder did you know that you know it's
just some what it's just someone being
very clever in calling me bald as if I
was unaware that I was bought come on
come to my parlor said the spider to the
fly
oh I'm a literary jack and rich you can
just run past all the enemies can we I
mean that's we can yeah that seems so
cheap yeah but that's a do it and it
says take off the armor and you can run
faster take off the armor and just run
past everybody that's you know if that's
how people play this game then this game
sucks no you gotta fly if I take it off
your armor I see you're nude and you can
run pears everybody right that's the way
it's supposed to be that's dumb
however I am tired of getting my ass
kicked I have to admit that so what's
the cold food thing in the background
oh I'm the VCR repair shop we have a
note that says call pill it's just a
thing
is this something we snuck up there
because we need to cover a court for
this though its detail in detail and
Bill's the name we use a lot that's
actually Josh the Wizards character on
half in the bag he's played a character
named Phillip
in fact Josh's play the character named
Phil and everything he's been in that
we've done it became a running thing
where we always have named Phil I
remember how it started but well was it
acrobats Keys fit was it film my acid he
was still my ass up on that put my ass
up he's actually oh that's what it was
you spill unclear about them is that's a
joke the game and then in someone else's
movie right around the same time he was
in that and coincidentally he was also
named Phil and then oh yeah so then we
were like what was his name Dylan
let's see the ladder he's actually
filled Davis and feeding frenzy poppy
the character's name in Russian
Terminator oh yeah oh look at that
there's a crossbow guy out there where
did it come from I don't know
he's been the wizard for longer than
I've known him where is it
oh it didn't start right yet or is it
down here I can't see it no I don't
think it's fun yet
oh shit what oh that not me one second
you yes you've got the problem
see oh and apparently there's a way to
Kindle the bonfire and it will get you
more blasts oh yeah I like that
sneak Ender's or the Goblin legs we're
getting there
we're getting there you have it
yes to everybody like everyone says okay
I'm just looking at her Twitter activity
this is a while ago haha Jay from red
letter media is playing Dark Souls live
he sucks very correct rule suck at this
game
yeah they're bespoke you know what I'm
gonna keep my pants on that much dignity
I'm gonna keep my gloves on look at that
that's badass character right there
that's the lovely quirks uh you know
Sarah you know we need enough run past
all the motherfuckers see bitch do doop
do doop doop do doop doop it's running
no way such a lame item in this game
that way yeah this is this is totally
unsatisfying this is a very intense fact
we are right we are literally only doing
this because of the stream there is no
way I would ever play the game like this
no actually oh yeah this is not fun
you're just running past all the
challenge she's gonna go up to rap Oh
Ronnie oh well see now I got to fight
some hoe and lure them away and then go
out okay come over here guys
don't already oh no now there's more
room run okay and well now I know where
the stairs are I didn't know where these
stairs
I don't know if fuck pot 5000 will ever
I mean I'm sure unpredictable we don't
know I'm sure if we find an appropriate
funny use for him he'll come back bad
there we go
it's not like we don't have the costume
yeah yeah the costume is safely stored
away
we have reusable if there's a gag and
it's funny yeah they'll probably come
back unless we decide we want to tell
like a serious dramatic fuck bot story
okay where's the door keep going up oh I
see it yeah it wasn't very fun Wow we
just get past the chunk of the game cuz
that's the other way you've been pissed
the game now I'm gonna go here no no
don't
well I want to re-equip stuff you want
you want to run to that ladder as fast
as you can one eye one eye I want to
kill the people the ladders behind me
right okay kill the people and then take
your clothes off again you can trim the
weaker Armour yeah okay no that's oh
yeah isn't that the worst thing uh yeah
yes the confusion menu you have no
shield yeah people keep saying that oh
shit I did it I did a bad barely did he
was the golden pine resin I know I did a
really bad thing I know I saw yeah oh my
god you guys rich has been playing for a
long time and I forgot how to play rich
you need to do is you were in the brewer
I know you do but I want to spell what's
the jet I don't talk to the people in
the chat all right now we're gonna skip
past half the game yeah cuz that's how
you play the game if you want to know
how Mr. Plinkett came about you should
buy the behind the Mr. Plinkett DBA what
was the one that our guy the Reg no it
doesn't stop when you're applying a
lucite 20-minute documentary on their
about when you flip to it
the the the blue button no fuck bot does
not need a penis that's the joke maybe
you get nothing
sometimes people doesn't how are you
guys liking the game that's a good I
more frustrating than fun well I think
it is this challenging analyst punishing
I think this is Dawne unit punishing
I think I will do dig the shit out of
this game if I was playing it by myself
if I was playing it not I would be more
into a planet by myself
I'm not completely sold right now I
where's my homeboy monkey man he is in a
giant plastic tote in the other room
that's where he is quite homeboy the
monkey man gets his you'll get his back
part of course that's what I'm supposed
to do right
no way like I haven't had enough time
playing to really internalize the
controls and I think that's witching off
yeah yeah that's one of the most
important things that the game is
getting that muscle memory down and just
like you know pressing the button
without thinking about pressing a button
and there hasn't been enough time to get
that that muscle memory in yet but I
think once it's in and once I really
nail down the comment system I could see
myself sinking a lot of hours into this
well oh you just like for good I think
next time for the sake of a stream do
something works okay you this one here
you bullshit anyway it doesn't matter
look at this I
these guys on equipped enough stuff
maybe not oh you said your pants on how
long left for the stream wait sick of
this shit we are trying to beat this
last boss probably not much longer left
in the stream gotta be honest we've been
at this for a while yeah soon as we kill
the sky definitely hard it's a hard game
there's a moment in hard games where you
just have to make the choice that this
is the game you're gonna play and once
once you have that mindset like the
challenge really sinks in and then it
gets fun when it comes to hard game I'll
take Ninja Gaiden over this ninja gaiden
is masterful and I think this could be
master ball under different
circumstances
all right like like take this fucker for
instance how are you supposed to know
this the fucking ladder over here I hate
ya it's just one of those things you
learn where it's like problem Oh
my guess is what would happen is
eventually you get hit by one of their
arrows and then you'd have to look
around you know Jay is the coolest dude
around oh oh thank you
that's that's just what someone says
it's not an accurate statement but
you're entitled to your opinion on that
oh the fucking menu was up that
deep breath
the game is good you all are making it
harder than it is by willfully ignoring
advice what advice have we willfully
ignored you told us to go to the stairs
we went up the fucking stairs you told
my pants for taking up the pants wait
we're doing the things you tell us to do
and and by the way all the things you're
telling us to do make the game less fun
like sprinting past all these guys is
not nearly as fun as trying to beat them
all and then beating the bad guy so I
guess whoever said that fuck you is
having is that the game that uses the
song from Miami connection there's some
things no no that's for crime far cry 3
yeah yeah I mean we talked about last
dream is is drive the game ok it's very
the style of it is very reminiscent to
drive and it's it's very good it's a
it's a twin stick shooters type thing
which means nothing to you a but it uses
a song for Miami connection that's all I
know not bad not that one oh that's far
cry blunt diamond what dragon is what
dragon the third one yeah okay yeah so
which ones like drive a hotline Miami
telling me
and it is a very fun game and it's very
it's it's very stylistic and nice a
pleated on Mabhida and really enjoyed it
whilst pooping they're saying Kindle the
bonfire and level up where is it all up
here no there's not a bonfire there's no
next time where's the bonfire Oh next
time we're at the bonfires and we need
to Kindle assure and and use pine resin
which we we've already checked right and
we don't have a pine resin so okay if
you want us to use the pine resin be
more specific about what it is and what
it does where it is how we can get it
what it does how we use it now what
other games do I have on my Vita the
thing I put the most time in on my Vita
is spelunky I was working on
hundred-percent funky and that was super
SuperDuper fun I've been playing a hyper
light drifter no not high for a velocity
ultra that is a strange name but hyper
light drifter light drifter is a
different game that's about to come out
velocity ultra as the game of actually
been buying and it's super fun
I got the song for my evening I actually
have that song stuck in my head very
free forever
yes let's just if you're asking me
whether you should get a Vita or in 3
dias compensate through the eyes there's
more game for it but I like I like them
to be the game is better and I only got
me this binding of isaac rebirth when it
comes out on it
I own I own minigame I really liked
guacamelee that was a super fun game how
am I get back over there cat playing
Rayman Origins on my Vita is super nice
Jack you should be on you guys must be
thinking of someone else
why no just off the cyber center now
my game light like a player very libary
very odd just running out of voice my
game library is very in me fuck this
game as as I thought but here before I
like I like to be surprised about my
entertainment and in de offers me a
chance to be surprised by a game instead
of dolt by its
that that is not in any way shape or
form a fun boss fight I'm sorry
let's think I'll give this bonfire
Kindle they want us to kill him
we cannot Kindle a hallowed well there's
that advice so how do we kick the first
Halloween reverse Halloween no young man
okay hey guys thanks for the good advice
Humanity in inventory can you use
humanity from your inventory let's find
out hit the damn thing that's what
humanity comes up I try using it man
exit okay alright is this how we do it I
sure first love for Humanity in Reverse
on yes
I'm you know it did it tell us this at
one point and now Kindle well that's
probable streaming while doing this shit
I guess ok wait did I reverse my
Halloween yes you did oh so 92 use that
skin now I need to use another name and
Kindle and it said I needed another
humanity alright use humanity.ogv sits
like their IQs drop 20 points but by
playing this game it's hey guys this is
really tough like playing game for you
guys it's keep in mind go to Kindle
they're not
you didn't go to Kindle I did we're
playing you went to reverse also keeping
up
the chat in the stream that's tricky
you're not just focused on thing I did
Kendall I know you want to refer snow
using humanity again fuck it
look it's bigger what is the fire so and
that's pin that's one you Kindle what
does that do
I don't know that this is what they're
telling us to do lock some what is I
don't know
oh now we get ten estes fun
okay you're okay hey guys you guys this
is tough so no saying this is a bad game
to stream for the first time but hey I
think we're discovering that huh
everybody asked for this game yeah yeah
I am you know what we obliged yeah
yes we applied and this is the first
time red letter media has ever done
something that people requested and look
how it's turned out this is why we don't
do anything that you guys asked for
remember Jack one-pass all right thing
right now run oh wait this guys coming
in so I'm gonna I'm gonna deal with him
okay now okay now we're gonna take off
all of our clothes it's so you can run
fast so you can run past the game
unequip on equip on a clip-on equipment
he's naked okay okay okay
ready I'm not ready this is just a naked
man running faster Jack I'm trying that
they will step no but I have to watch my
stamina and watch you must have mana
watching my stamina get out of here you
ain't got nothing and run out yep okay
nope okay hey guys we made it drink a
thing I will drink a thing before I go
through the thing okay you're gonna
thing before you get chased up there get
to that fucking portal
oh so I mentioned that you have best of
the worst video game movies we've talked
about this
yeah probably happen eventually yeah why
are there so many dings in the old best
of the worst episodes that's just a
piece of the music we have a guy
composed a couple of really long tracks
of music that we could just lay under
our discussions and one of the tracks
has a little ding sound that apparently
distracts people we don't use it anymore
pants and I'm in my pants I made my
pants oh do we have those we don't have
arrows so nice
alright oh wait I do on our cover less
bombers whatever that is whatever our
lost powers was thank you let's souls
what not that the previous you dropped
when he died sure the way to get up the
ladder faster there I hope there is
because that guy keeps attacking you on
the ladder
no but we have we have all the things
that sound we got we have plenty of jams
okay so now I climb up and when I'm in
the air I pressed the right bumper and
then as you're falling and that's a sad
thing so much okay guys
bit we just want to beat this enemy
instantly turn around and go running
running
who's the fine resident yeah is it like
the skeleton thing is just bullshit I
tried to roll I tried to roll
I tried to roll still went straight the
ladder cuz this game
drink potion real quick when he's gonna
jump up there sooner or later show you
that we will click on and back down
yes I am president people's like being
damaged oh I remember that yeah I
remember that
Oh
is fortunately another he's booked
you're supposed to go back down and he
spoke
wait a little bit longer please let's go
straight to the lab going straight to
the liner my weight get on my damn get
out of my gym my family this is so fun
now you climb back up the ladder yeah
this is the cheap way I'm sure this is
the cheap way way I'm very sure about
that I got it
camera
you get together one shot I we can't I
mean maybe one or two more times so look
into going to your inventory and in this
inventory one of them gives you
lightning powers so unequip one of them
go back well this is the stuff already
in your you have to go back for
something don't you like you have to
unequip one sure all right okay nothing
matter what okay now what are they
asking for cracked red eye or but what
are they asking for turtle Mayan gold
pine doesn't hurry go just fight him
after one drop everyone is saying go
back up hambone unequip the accent slows
oh also apparently the axe is slowing us
down
what X we have the axe equipped in our
alternate weapon slot really oh don't
slow slow down apparently that's what I
just read that that's so
counterintuitive
well no it's it's very it's
counterintuitive to games but it's very
intuitive because they're carrying it
yeah but if it's not like in his hand at
that time yeah I think it's weird it's
on your person it's real rich so I need
to read Jimmy dig my humanity you know I
don't think only if you need to only if
you want to read Kindle Fire which I
don't think you need to do cuz again now
you just start with ten flasks all the
jimJam time
no right now rich is not paying
attention to the chat I'm paying
attention those checks I'm not playing
riches so riches just playing the game I
haven't been able to pay much attention
because the font is so small I can't
read it
yeah well it's it's the way that open
broadcaster changes like the display
settings when it when it's doing
recording so I can't do anything about
the font next time these will get
another monitor that's what we need is
more shit that I've got and another wire
out of this computer to just have a big
monitor for the Chaffee then why don't
you like Godzilla well we made a video
where I explain why I didn't like it in
that video did it elaborate on your
thoughts and feelings is it it so that
exists wait where can people see this
video you can see it at red leather
medium scorned old news - BJ oh yeah
yeah oh and if you hold the spring
button you can climb the ladder faster
but it was ok nice work I won I found
that out when I was playing and someone
just said it in the stream which
reminded me to tell you Oh
oh and please tell Richard to calm down
he's scary
hey Jack ignore everything that Jan
tells you and display how you thought I
I agree I just you know I I can't be on
trying to get stuff accomplished and
then general be entertaining for you
guys do you like to entertain people
it's it's almost as if that's what we
like to do oh my
nice nice that took away most of it yeah
took away their estimate oh they didn't
love you yeah that's what we're doing
Sam yeah that's really nice both scream
side by it's really well done that's
another really slow burn too which is
nice yeah yeah I love seventies sci-fi
movies mm-hmm where everything's just a
set and you know it and they don't care
the opening of that movie it's it's
paying across the landscape when it's
such an obvious miniature but it's so
yeah there's TV show TV shows are
Logan's around yeah that's me
sci-fi or something have a very powerful
one service oh yeah
it's like looking for seals I don't know
there's a show why I got there I was
like ah it's amazing how many movies
have been adapted into really horrible
failed TV shows you know what last lot
last time I forgot about the pine resin
oh by the way possessed by a demon of
some sort
man oh yeah it's jail they're remaking
Logan's Run and the creator of Bioshock
is writing it okay okay okay wait
Bioshock one just says Bioshock I think
it's the same guy oh it's all saying
that it thinks again the line for both
okay I mean I didn't mind Bioshock 1 why
can't I use my flesh Oh cuz you have the
flu jams up what the menu jams oh I hate
that
yeah the dance block the demons attack
with the shield yeah that didn't seem to
do much that's helpful beans yeah that's
who I was talking about that's why I
kept saying ken Levine how pine resin
how long's it where should I use it
right now
ah that's it that's a good question do
you want to wait for the chance let me
do I use this right now or should I do
it right before I attack now we have to
wait for this afford to catch up use the
resin now all right
resin resin resin resin resin Jack I
assume that says what I fuck and R and
uh I don't know is she a nice lady into
the shoot does she say it shares similar
interests of me she's needy Atlas
Shrugged yeah you know what I know by
look by the way I like The Fountainhead
did you ever read The Fountainhead and
rinrin book Star Trek oh okay I liked
The Fountainhead but the Tom head was
about a guy who was the best at what he
did and he didn't look at this look at
this right
just a pint our time resin sorry you got
oh shit
I think rich is down guys
rich dropped the controller they're
staring straight it I think it brings a
bitch out the control he's coming back
so the question is is when he cheats the
boss is it gonna be worth I didn't see
him like the pine resin did that much
more damage I mean it probably
if people in chat I believe you that the
pine resin did more damage it just
didn't seem languages okay that's a
hundred extra damage well I know I'm
sure it didn't just Gina it just didn't
yeah The Fountainhead is about like a
really selfish egotistical guy which is
why I liked it you can I'm very selfish
and egotistical and I always think I'm
right too and so you know it's a fine
book if if you want to be pat on the
head and say that your ideas are better
than everyone else's
I wasn't talking about movies I was
talking about books so fuck you I
haven't talked about movies for a while
I was talking about The Fountainhead
maybe they just saw the Atlas Shrugged
will be and I think oh I saw my books
yeah I like books
Maria book back down you know apparently
after you do your knife attack he's
stunned for a moment so you can you
might be able to get into quick comment
all
I'll work in notary Jamboree to go boys
that's your paper
oh you know what my favorite book is the
ear the eye and the arm it's like it's
it's a book I read when I was
sixth grade by Nancy farmer and it's
about detectives with mutant powers in
South Africa it is honestly just the
neatest it's a it's like a it's a young
adults book obviously ever any when I
was in sixth grade it's a book that
you've read every once in a while just
to rekindle my love of reading and it's
just a nice like little kid and his
sister go on an adventure and it's it's
really great the year the
we can't save save this for nothing and
it's recorded forever now I'm going to
yeah I don't want to see a dragon no
we're done rich beep we're done we're
done we're done we're done with the game
we're just gonna leave it's a tweet you
guys we're gonna leave it right here
Ritchie's done most of the work I don't
I don't want to dragon do this ok now
you can do whatever you
I didn't turn it off just you can turn
it off
hi hey guys that was the stream I hope
you enjoyed it as much as we didn't the
previously recorded jam play now and if
you want you can ask us questions and
we'll hang around for a second but we're
not we're not gonna play I mean rich is
playing the game right now but I don't
walk here I'm not hardcore play he's
just walking around and looking so you
can talk to us
all praise to all praise to the Jimmy
James everybody oh there was the dragon
and it killed you it killed you oh my
god oh my god the dragon killed him in a
fiery death remove skeleton quick thank
you you just closed out the section
section follow them man
three percent of the game is now be dead
well so would what it seems like to me
is is there there is a bit of an up in
that a ton of the game is the grind
because you know you beat you have to
beat all these little enemies and that's
what gives you your soul and you go back
to the bonfire and you use the little
enemies to like stat up so there's so
there's there's a big grind element that
we were missing by just running past
everyone and that kind of sucks but the
grind also hones your fighting skills
you know like your dodge timing and all
that damn okay so I'm okay with this I'm
gonna give this a legit chance later not
right now I'm surprised this is no it's
not your computer so I can yeah yeah
yeah unless somebody wanted to buy me
Dark Souls no you need to tell them your
steam name first you know try running
past all the enemies Jack we and we did
you not watch the last part of the
stream it's not a grind are you telling
me that defeating the same enemies over
and over again just to gain a little bit
of xp to the upgrade your stuff is not a
grind cuz you're wrong that's what
grinding is it's fun it's a fine grind
because you're you're also leveling up
your muscle memory but it's still a
grind
Dark Souls 2 is easier apparently
stop stop taking all your armor off
no thanks for that advice cuz no man
know what fucking my steam name Oh No
yeah yeah fine fucker chard ch ard and
how will people know it's you I've got
like 400 to 500 hours into XCOM okay
and that's that's that's your steam
that's my steam name oh my god
you don't have to but do some research
before streaming your next game but yeah
but this is all part of it like we were
learning the game I think learning the
game is a bad idea
next time it's either gonna be a game
we're familiar with or we're gonna do
our research mm-hmm this is all new to
us this streaming game business stuff so
lesson learned lesson learned
yeah when will season six of the curve
on skis be released tomorrow heads up
heads up check out bro season will start
tomorrow and it'll be on the patreon
page patreon.com/lenguin
dot corn slash patreon sly colon kicks
Verbinski grunts I thought it might be
interesting for people just to watch us
figure out the game as it goes but it's
it went in an area too long maybe a too
long it probably got boring for people
who know the game and and it definitely
got frustrating for us we're gonna do a
game we know next the next dream we will
try another like light-hearted foreplay
or something that's open world or you
can just fuck around in general yeah
according to the Twitter's someone is
sending here Nintendo 64 with some four
player games
oh yeah I I have I still have a Nintendo
64 I mind if I don't might not know
where the cords are okay so but someone
someone is sending it here and so
there's a possibility of some four
player in 64 years someone I saw someone
in the chat mentioned Donkey Kong
Country the shit out of that you know
the 64 had the ugliest fucking games
though the fucking Super Nintendo look
better sure it was 2d but you traded
crisp beautiful 16-bit 2d sprites huh
for fucking blurry low resolution
a gunship I hated the n64 I'm sorry I'm
sorry that your heart is filled with so
much hate it progress progress isn't
always pretty
I think the only thing I've ever played
for the n64 was the first Mario game for
it piracy support yeah that was when I
kind of got out of video games yeah
Super Nintendo is what I played the most
on mmm-hmm I have a Super Nintendo yeah
it's like this is the one I played the
most as a kid I still play my Super
Nintendo play Super Smash TV it's the
worst game it's the worst it is it's a
twin stick shooter with a control pad
that doesn't have any stinks oh it's
pretty bad but I played the shit out of
it because that's all we have one game
and now I bought it as an adult floor
the memories okay let's see what's in
the chat because we're gonna leave in
just a little bit
did it in 64 was ugly but it wasn't you
know it was something look I'm not
saying every game was bad I like Mario
64 I like fluid of time fluid of time
but in general and as good as those
games were they were ugly and everything
that came out and the system was ugly
yeah yeah mice mice team is out there
it's Harlech har la ck you can you can
friend me by the way during this stream
121 people have friended me and so there
there might be a little delay in me
hitting okay for everyone but you can
all be my friend and see whenever I play
Team Fortress 2 because that's what I
play most of the time you can all friend
me but just fair warning I like never do
multiplayer games hey rich hope you're
ready for your Dark Souls copy yay he is
ready no I wouldn't mind exploring this
on my own
yeah without like an audience is weird
yeah I think this video games are really
tough like that like especially more
modern game you know I think there was
an era n64 really helped that era of
party play that's that's been a Nintendo
thing yeah cuz like group this is not a
party game this is not a group play
that's why I think the next dream
lemming will talk why I don't know I'm
not gonna say it's gonna be it for sure
but something weird like mr. mosquito
might be flat well you know what like
we'll have you bringing your ps2 and
maybe we'll find some because Jesse
really wants to play Katamari Damacy
yeah so I can bring that in I could
bring in mr. mosquito and we can play it
like on ball was mr. mosquito that's
where you're a little cartoony mosquito
and you fly around this family's house
and you have to suck blood out of them
without them squishing you so it's
fascinating
I would play that it's not the best game
in the world but it's so weird
here this cartoony mosquito and there's
a relatively realistic human beings
walking around and they're giant rich
does have a lot of XCOM hours it's very
true it's all single-player I just keep
replaying that game I love it
Len campus's he does not work at
Petsmart he has pets we know we know we
didn't know that when we did the first
you know then we discovered later yeah
the skull forest episode we had no idea
about any details of mr. Capas in skis
life now he was a man of mystery and
that sort of intrigued us yeah it was a
mystery to us we didn't know what the
deal was with Len yeah till we invited
him out here mmhmm yeah we all sleep in
the warehouse
we have bunk beds I should describe her
house it would save me a lot of money no
did you remove the skeleton I did room
we did open we removed all the skeletons
I'll be we can we can do duo medic you
can pocket medic me I'll pocket med at
you and it'll be a super fun time oh my
god I'm we're losing
we're losing guys we're losing I'm
losing me what do you mean I'm very
confused why why are we losing mo my
brain asked Utley
yeah it's getting late
would would I consider playing tf2 on
stream yeah I don't know how would a
first person shooter look on the stream
no I listen I just play tf2 so I just
might dream that next time I do a stream
or next time we do a stream rich has
never played it but heat rich also
doesn't like you want to look at it yeah
okay you're going I'm sorry um rich has
never played tf2 no so maybe maybe we
can do a thing like that where we're
rich and I play tf2 and try but also
rich does not like multiplayer games
but but you'll find out more about that
next previous leader huh oh my god thank
you I have no idea how I pulled off that
phone call oh my god that was so great
mud Mike just hands the phone to you
yeah I know I know
well when Mike was talking about doing a
prank call the thought came into my head
stranded in a 747 pilot had a heart
attack calling so I had that basis I
didn't know he's gonna hand the phone to
me it was so great that's that's why
you're the greatest is because yeah I
was just watching I was just watching
and amazed at what was happening in
front of me so now I can that could
never happen again though he's the next
99 times out of 100 he's gonna hand the
phone to me and I'm just gonna like ahh
but we can't we caught that lightning
morning gray one in 99 ahhh super
metroid any of the Metroid games I will
play the shit out of all the time
look at stream game new Metroid app
appeals
Metroid's fun Metro is just fun so who
cares
why don't you play the walking dead I
don't I don't like that laughter they
got they got playing quotes it's a joke
alright they don't think it's a real
game good thank you
thank you I don't care it doesn't have
to be a standard game that's a different
kind of experience it's an it's an
interactive story if they want to make
an interactive story I'm fine with that
yeah then call it an interactive story
don't they I don't know actually
make Jack play other ending it's not
like they advertise it as a shooter no
it's a but they but it's a it's it's a
glacier I guess I mean it's not my fat
this point you know what telltale does
yeah you know what to tell tell game
yeah yeah yeah that's true and you know
what it's it's not like it's not like I
I dislike that kind of stuff there was a
game for the D s called Hotel dusk and
it was all dialogue trees and all it was
it was like almost like a
point-and-click it was a detective story
you're out you were a hotel detective
and it was great because you had the
figure shit out and you know you would
talk to people and you would try to get
information from them and so the
dialogue Treves tree served a gameplay
purpose of trying to get certain
information out of people yeah that was
super fun I liked hotel bus that's the
only dialogue tree as I've ever liked
Hotel that's it yeah and I did play
other em and I did not much care for it
it was not my kind of Metroid game I
haven't played it but it sounds like
they ruin Samus yeah it sounds like they
set back women's rights firm for
hundreds of years it's kind of the joke
of the game because you know like mostly
most of the time for a Metroid game what
you I don't know anything
yeah well for most Metroid games the
shtick is that you you explore and find
your power-ups but for this one
your ex-boyfriend the boss tells you
when you can use your power-ups oh and
there's a certain section in the game
where you have to cross some acid and
you have an acid shield but your
boyfriend doesn't tell you you can wear
it yet so you have to hurt yourself by
walking through acid Jesus even though
you have the acid shield
yeah it's dumb well people hate that
game because what a Samus was originally
a kind of just a silent badass female
mm-hmm and this turns her into kind of
uh mousy listen to the man kind of
female yeah but also like Metroid is
about exploration and the game had no
explanation elements to it like not just
the whole gender equality or whatever
bullshit whatever and just real quick
cuz it got kinda bumped up in the chat I
would love to stream X come that's
possibility okay sorry oh no and that's
the second let's do that because I have
not played XCOM I would so I would not
mind playing at that again yeah so so
yeah I I would like to play X calm but
this game I'd like to get into I think
XCOM XCOM is very daunting to me because
because of how people how much people
get into it and so that's XCOM seems
like a commitment oh no no huh yeah how
many hours do you next go that doesn't
mean it's like hard to pick up oh no
it's not hard to pick up I guess my
commitment I mean I would get into it so
much is that a bad thing if you find
something
no man I really don't want to meet the
love of my life
I just don't want to do that no yeah
yeah I guess that's true there's just
there's only so much loving yeah yeah oh
man
instant coffee are brewed if you guys
want to talk coffee
I can tell coffee I have a pour-over
coffee and I grind my beans every trip
it doesn't matter how much cream or
sugar you put in coffee it always tastes
bitter to me yeah well I'm not a coffee
drinker you I'll make you some coffee
one day it smells like it's bitter its
glorious coffee's a glorious thing you
know we were um I have a coffee story
it's getting late guys this is John I
was about I was about to get into a
coffee story that's how we this was
going I will save that for the other
stream thank you guys for coming
um wait before we go but before I go why
did you call it previously recorded it
so you can do this right so you can do
previously recorded live why does nobody
get that's the joke is that we're doing
this less the jokes people
the show is previously recorded which is
just fine but this is previously
recorded live and when you watch the
archive of the stream its previously
recorded live previously recorded it's
it's a fine joke let's um let's let's go
let's go let's go bye guys thanks for
coming and have be excellent to each other
