Aug 4, 2014
The Binding of Isaac
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42946191, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrGzI3tErJY
"Heads up: Jack is finishing his run of FTL tonight at 8:30pmCST" (archive.vn/D0liE)
"DO or DIE: Jack finishes yesterday's FTL run." (archive.vn/NFW5R)

[Part I]
real quick quick let's do it this does
it great here's Isaac here's Isaac and
we are we also all an i need to also
enable our joy to key because I play
binding of isaac with a controller as i
do most things you're absolutely right i
should have locked the castle down I
should have locked the castle down thank
you for coming out yesterday and making
that joke and smiling strange you're
right that's how most FTL's and anyway
is and you know the joy of FTL is your
death really means something because all
of that progress are you know two hours
two and a half hours from yesterday all
gone in a blink of an eye it was really
good running I think we what was the
lesson that we learned from that run is
need some better weapons and we need to
find a way to disable some of their
system so you know what if i had the
hacking system if i had the hacking
system i could have taken down their med
bay with the hacking system or i could
have taken down taking their weapons
offline for a little bit in order to get
my guys over there so oh fuck fuck fuck
let me change the title of the broadcast
really quick binding off Isaac
thanks Ella run
I'm finding of area I would know it's
the binding in the twitching I mean
update okay that was I think actor James
right the real problem is i had a newbie
on the shields you're right and you're
also right i ran out of fuel all of our
luck from yesterday ran out though
because we before before that last
sector i hit four stops with no
encounters and so that was for fuels
lost to nothing he said somehow Binding
of Isaac oh sounds kinky you're right
yeah you know you're right I'm with you
I get you I get you
okay get out of here act oj all right
hold on I need to change something on my
end I need to go full screen with Isaac
I don't know if that'll mess you up
we're gonna see we're gonna see if that
messes you up at all whoa hold on Oh
cancel one well screen on does that Miss
does that mess I think it just makes it
flash for you guys so should be fine get
my mouse out of there all right great
looks like everything will work just
fine
or will it I can sing it
that's fun whatever you know whatever
let's just play let's just play a run
let's see what should we do should do it
may be a challenge I don't think I've
done any of these challenges um let's
see what we have here um Lord of the
Flies doctors run meet forever let's do
meet forever I've never done you know I
don't do these challenges because I just
play the game everything works like it
should Binding of Isaac for anyone who
doesn't know is another rogue like all
the rooms and all the items in the rooms
are randomly generated so every time you
play it it's a new game and if you die
you have to start all over and you get
all new rooms and all new jams it is
also a twin-stick shooter which means
you know over here movement and shooting
in the control separately classic
twin-stick shooter oh let's get to it
you fight little guys here
and I gotta meet boy with me it's just
going to be my friend here until he
blows me up
unique boy if I remember from the last
time we played this yeah I know the
screen regions a little funky I'm not
gonna fix it so you get to deal with
that there's like a little black bar on
the bottom that's just that's just
something you're gonna have to deal with
them I'm truly truly sorry so it's
because I changed it to full screen for
me and for some room for some reason
that made it funky and I can't go I do
some things or whatever it doesn't
matter it's funky let's deal with it
being funky you can see most of it today
if you remember correctly spikes are bad
yes but um oh yeah there are spikes in
this game that's always the question is
are there spikes in this game and are
they bad there are spikes in this game
they are bad
alright i have me boy had my meat boy
run I have three bombs so I could get
those hearts but I'm going to save them
save the hearts save the hard for when I
need them let's see we have to no keys
use a key right about now oh that's a
soul are right there that's a bomb for
when your blank binding of isaac you see
these rocks they kind of have like a
maybe a bluish tint to them or like you
know most rocks are brown this one is
like like grey
Henry but you blow it up and there's
jams inside we got my bomb back and I
got a rock damage up yes thanks
alright that's that's really great fine
early on in the game now if we can get a
key we can open up that chest really
start to do some stuff all right that's
a good question are there ever a time in
which the spikes are truly good in like
a game about cannot speed up oh shot
speed end damage F that's great no keys
all right fuck it so if you notice up
here for anyone who's new to the game
you know obviously map arrows you can
get special items and here's my life bar
and I have 3 hearts and so you might be
asking yourself why don't you go get
those extra hearts because these are not
necessarily hearts their heart
containers and so you can only get so
many hearts right now I can only have
three full hearts and so getting the
extra hearts will just fill the
containers there are other things that
can get me more heart containers but
you only missing like 15 pixels I know I
know you guys are gonna have to deal
with the blackness on the bottom of the
screen and I apologize but I'm not gonna
feel sorry enough where I'm gonna fix it
it's not two thirds of the screen I can
see it it's just a little just a little
bit right oh it's like it's like nothing
all right i'm watching this dream i have
the stream going don't give me no sass
about my pixel zo here's another
they're just extra hearts the only issue
with soul hearts is there not containers
and so once you go through your show
hearts they're just gone forever
get a me boy yeah yes yes Rambam drove
on what are you gonna do the answer is
nothing jack is the sass master it's
true jack is done with our craft tonight
and life I'm sorry i apologizing i'm
really i'm reeling from that FTL lose
I'm non go I I really thought I all I
wanted to do was make it to the final
boss was to make it to the boss ship and
because I didn't do that like that was
my that was my goal for the FTL run and
so I'm yeah I'm a little I'm a little
cranky now little play some Isaac so
here is an area if I walked over the
spikes obviously I would get damaged
speaking of spikes but i would get
damaged and i would get a prize I don't
like doing that I'm not going to arts
are valuable to me
because um I get hit a lot so hard
serving anyone who saw my rogue legacy
stream yesterday looky knows that I get
hit a lot and a bomb head mr. mom I
don't know what that does I'm sure it's
just what does mr. Baum do someone tell
me what mr. Baum does live stream mass
effect 3 with rich Evans oh my god oh my
god you guys I don't know if you could
take it I don't know I don't know if
rich could take that I don't know if you
could take that I don't know if the
world is ready for that kind of hate
honestly I have to watch what I say
around rich because I don't want to
bring up Mass Effect 3 it wrecks his
world
and on air he plays a super helpful
companion I I don't know why this is
necessarily a challenge I really like
having him around he beats people up for
me but if this is the challenge this is
the challenge Meat Boy can be hurtful to
you like he can move your bombs get me
put get them jumping do get doodads here
I don't much care for you know I the
jumpy yeah Oh spider like a spider
spider get out get out of here nice
apparently we got keys at the wing wing
and by the way wing wings a word Kiran I
do I did I forgot to lock a castle a
couple times in rogue legacy and also in
general I'm garbage at games you guys
know that if you believe internet
commentators if you believe internet
comments you would know that I'm garbage
at games and you should believe internet
comments all those internet comments are
one hundred percent true just like all
the stuff you tell me here in a chat
it's all one hundred percent true look
at okay
we go a nickel that's nice am I going
yeah great going up here that's great
let's fight the boss let's do this let's
do this let's do this
that's effect one through three stream
maybe we'll do that um you know what we
should do is the next time
redlettermedia does their ebay auction
we should do one of those like 36 hour
gaming marathon streams for charity or
something and it'll just be rich playing
mass effect 3 and you know we'll play in
shifts and it'll be a like 36 hour
livestream of rich playing mass effect 3
to see when he goes crazy oh the Duca
flies my favorite boss I love him I just
love them look at him how can you not
love him
that's great
that's just super great hey now I see
you I see you mom's lipstick range up
that's great it's great everything's
great a devil room oh oh crap crap crap
crap crazy him get me boy get them boom
oh that's really helpful by the way my
space item is just an old one it's just
a giant bomb lump of coal oh my god so I
have super tears now look at these
that's great that's great whatever that
did great more so large yes give me soul
arts that's fantastic
36 hour stream and Mike does commentary
on every game maybe maybe sorry why does
rich hate him Mass Effect 3 I he he was
Cole tears are larger the further
travels oh look at that that's great
rich is a big fan of the Mass Effect
series and he felt that mess Effect 3
was a big letdown there's a he made a
huge post about it on the red letter
media message boards if you would like
to go there and see for yourself I
cannot properly articulate his feelings
his hatred I know there is much 8
just stay in the back here sniping I
don't want to go into the battleroom
maybe what's in here I got meat boy with
me I can do this so battleroom any of
these rooms with the knives over the
door if you open the chest you have to
battle whatever pops up and that's the
price you pay for opening the chest this
is just a regular chest and so there
might be some money in here that might
be a key or something and to me that's
worth it ah control not worth it by the
way but I have meat boy with me so that
makes my job much easier I'm going to go
for that challenge but multiple enemies
do pop up as we're noticing but now that
I know that my tears get bigger the
further away and I'm just that's all I'm
trying to do is stay away from the
enemies
or get him me boy hit him whoa did you
see that I'm gonna give p hat size all
right that's kind of worth it have a lot
of keys not a lot of things to open with
keys let's hope we get some of those
things oh fuck fuck fuck oh my Thunder
bomb and motherfuckers get a meat boy
what are you doing here hockey's going
on with keys lot of keys don't know what
to do with all these keys
this room has skulls I wonder if that
means something I wonder if that means I
can bomb here nope okay and yes I know
that was my special magic bomb but I
think it replenishes in two rooms so I'd
rather use it now and have again for the
boss fight do it to do to do to do a
turkey interesting oh well that that
take that meat boy go get him come on
players all right now I have enough
coins to really check out the shop see
if there's anything that I mom heart
won't do me no good by a bomb and I'll
buy a ladder the link bridges the ladder
does some fun stuff
latter means I can cross 1 square gaps
here Oh get that key which is nice and i
want to say yes in this room to get some
coins as you can see here like i can't
cross anything but if it's a one square
gap i can cross it so it can be helpful
Fahmy plants
yeah alright doing good doing good doing
good daddy get out of here actually come
over here bomb over here yeah sometimes
these Bonnie guys can open up pathways
for you because they just bomb
everything great great great but not
great what's that
your map tells you like what's on there
is you know it's like hearts I can't do
anything with because all my heart
containers is full but all my heart
containers is full mmm I speak good
outside okay really Jack speak good many
times okay yes i know i can explode
rocks in dolls this i know but now i
have a ladder so I don't need to waste
bombs bombs are precious yo we fightin
the hollow every ways but I'm okay
boom boom boom boom let me go uma debone
pills I'm turkeys I'm okay with that
dick oh look i have a rock and a tick
that's fun
I think that's all I can do that's so I
can it let's go what is this zelda yes
yes Billy hecka a ton of Zelda
references in this game a ton of Zelda
references this is basically it is just
Zelda dungeon and I you know you start
playing like I said mcgann roguelike one
life to live different set of items
every single time every single
playthrough is unique and twin stick
shooter and it's hard to find good
twenty six shooters oh my fuck fucking
fuck took my eyes off the prize that's
what happened here took my eyes off the
prize
I'm meat boy you're kinda useless right
now just going to put that out there
it's going to put that right out there
that you are not helping hey I'm gonna
snipe there there take that air kisses
my fucking fly fucking fly that's the
thing any game in a game that can make
you fear a fly I think that's a good
game
it's a good game
maybe this is weird see this like yellow
lines coming down here wonder if that
means anything I don't know I'll just
say it out loud so maybe you'll tell me
in this dream oh my god asci I
roguelikes I have tried playing those
and man I need I need graphics is what
I've learned just need them I don't know
what that says about me is a gamer that
i'm a noob or whatever but i need
graphics I need characters to get into I
know if you're if you're super into
roguelikes that's the way to go is asci
I or what however you say that see
that's the thing I don't even know how
to say that properly that is the way to
go but you know I'm into roguelike
elements in my game not necessarily
rogue row there's not necessarily rose
you know like I keep saying this is a
twin-stick shooter it's got some bullet
hell elements to it and it has rogue
like elements which is what I like
is rogue classified as a roguelike no
cuz rogue is rogue rogue is the game
that I'll roguelikes are like so rogue
is not a roguelike or would it be a
roguelike I guess you know what let's
put an end to this here rogue is a
roguelike because the game rogue is much
like the Graham rogue ASCII you say
ascii great so we figure out guys rogue
is a robe like congratulations I'm sure
we can't say that to anyone because
you'll get shit on well you know what
you say anything to anyone you get you
and so let's say that let's just start
spreading that around robeez a great
roguelike economic point
temperance temperance does something
rogue equals robe but if rogue equals
rogue then it would be like the game
robe so robe would be a roguelike that's
just logic I'm sorry if my logics too
much for you I can frighten some people
frightens me sometimes frankly oh penne
take a penny I think there might be a
secret here nope ray we got take care
take care of those guys thank you guys
for me thank you take in our cave I'll
take an arcade here I'm just going to
give me keys ionno a bomb okay I'll take
about granny nice
then it's fine
rogue has a one hundred percent likeness
to the game rogue absolutely so it's a
roguelike right I mean
I don't know what's you you you classify
something that has no classification and
then that thing is that classification
right that's how it works alive all
these heart so I can use the blood
machine too great pretty fly so now i
can use the blood machine to get coins
and then grab this hard great and then
the more arts i get over here i can just
use that blood machine to get more coins
they're not grading these have a limit
to them though and blow up or something
more points yes damn dog nickel and
nickel this shit here we go here we go
are you done Kimmy this is kind of
boring sorry sorry for everyone watching
I know this is kind of boring but I
don't care cuz i play the game sometimes
it's boring you guys have through FTL so
i'm sure you can handle a little slot
machine action oh hell
bad trip oh oh I lost the heart because
of that
well let's see if we can win another
hour back those hearts those hearts in
here still not what you want to do all
the pills are randomized they're all
different colors but then once you
so I know now blue pills are bad news we
don't want blue pills the horse and a
slot machine goes on for a ever great
you know this you know we're gonna do
with this guy hit up we're in blow em up
not like that back to the slot machine
all right the slot machine it's got a
lot to give it that's great e here we go
no pill
gotta take it open up a pretty fly great
those are like protector flies they'll
protect me oh there we go
now we have smarts to burn oh my what is
that HP up oh damn yes that's that was a
great fine that took a while so
apologize if anyone got bored with that
but very very worth it very very worth
it a lot of stuff in HP could just um
just keep going um just talk to the
stream while i do that's true learn how
to pronounce my name is it is Iggy gia
gorilla and giya gaya gorilla probably
guy at gorilla is what I'm gonna say I
keep calling you get gorilla guy a
gorilla um
here's what I want to say like guy like
mother earth right why is the game
screen off center I don't know it just
is and I don't necessarily feel like
fixing it what does can someone tell me
what temperance does my my tarot card if
anyone can quickly look up what
temperance does i really appreciate it
oh thank you temperance spawns a blood
machine there we go that's what I needed
to know thank you was a quick response
let's see how many hearts we have here
it's one full heart out let's do that
then all right then let's see what this
other heart is like there's a hard down
here to temperance bones of blood
machine that's great
oh oh I have a heart and a half there
that's great let's spend a heart and a
half on our new blood machine even get
any jams out of it oh yes that's awesome
another HP up awesome tarot card great
great let's go fight it let's go fight a
boss let's do this feel good feel ready
feel strong can't feel too strong ago
that's when you get cocky the bosses
will tear you a new one and another card
here that's great all right I gotta a
headphone cable situation that was like
my headphone cable was resting on my
wrist which technically did not impede
any controller movement but you guys
know how it is where it's like just
somethings wrong
dick the brick gia ok gia gorilla gia
gorilla I now know how to pronounce her
name
I don't know okay let's go oh I get it
someone was giving me an exploit and I
like that yeah usk we could be desk we
can beat house whoa whoa whoa hope musk
is moving fast and another max help up
fuck yes see what's in here oh man okay
what are these things you hold on we
need to I need to look these things up g
a gorilla it's funny alright see you
would stand once yeah I'm here what are
these things do spirit of the night get
the nail what does the nail to ok what
does the nail do
gives you flight and ghost tears
the nail gives you one soul heart and
boosts your damage for one room that's
pretty good that's pretty good let's do
that let's do that that could be mighty
powerful I like that and we have the
hearts to spend and I've never have the
hearts to spend so that's great flight
could have been good but you know enemy
to have it enemies have projectiles and
so it doesn't do me flight doesn't do me
a terrible amount of good and I have the
ladder so extra damage is always
preferable I can I can do this for these
guys just have me boy attack them which
is great I have the ladder so yeah
before you just go get them I'm gonna be
a bitch that's it I feel bad about this
I'm on this tactic but it's a winning
tactic
ghost tears I ghost tears don't do shit
maybe I just don't know nothing about no
ghost fears but they don't do shit oh my
god what is with this Rana so many lives
so many hearts oh that's interesting
death
does he yeah he just hurts me right he
just hurts me well we'll see if we can
get any extra hearts and I will go to
him oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my okay
let's yes very much yes everything yes
everything yes about the situation speed
up take oh my god I'm actually a little
too fast that took me a while to get
used to okay oh my god great oh god yes
yes yes yes yes yes everything yes about
everything
get a meat boy
and just like dealing with these guys in
general and so just having me going to
it makes my life a little easier I'm
gonna feel bad about it but not bad
enough to not do it if you gave me you
know right
at this rate we'll need a bonus stream
tomorrow to I know I know you know FTL
was a bit of a disappointment I want to
give you guys something I mean I'm
screaming anyway right so it's likely if
I'm streaming I might as well play games
what else am I gonna do get work done
come on that's not happening
great for money great oh my god too fast
for you I don't like it when they got my
hat freaks me out all right oh my god oh
my god oh oh no these guys these guys
are easy I got word for a second
again that's kind of a dinky tree but I
have meat boy so feeling overconfident
I'm cookies okay I don't want to use
that you can't hit nothing you can't hit
me up and son
oh I can't I can't I can't run an eye
for me oh come on Isaac what are you
doing would spend his time picking up
goddamn goddamn jams I'm not terribly
worth it but we'd get hearts so that's
nice oh that means we can go back to our
little devil friend later if I can get
back in it right yeah great go back to
our little devil friend
and putting your useless right now me
boy just useless we don't need keys
these guys always freak me out great
great everything's great oh there's a
shop two should definitely go in the
shop fucking knew I hate me guys these
fucks paint so much there's a bathroom
great look look
let's get our hearts back
bombs are keys we don't care about could
we want more bombs but at least we can
get back up to full health there we go
look look let's go to the shop and see
if the chef has anything good to offer
my guess is it's going to be greedy just
because we haven't gotten greedy yet I
think we're gonna get a greed run can
meet boy can meet boy died no I don't
believe me boy can die he's just he's
just a familiar he's just an aid
definitely want that soul art and the
battery reduces charge time on your item
so we definitely want the battery and
now I have everything sticking out of my
head and I'm probably going to use the
tarot card on the last boss so
this is great what I wonder what the
recharge time on this is ok i should use
myspace on the last boss because i get a
soul heart right i get a soul heart oh
and there's one more room I have yet to
explore see what's a network
you kind of see what's in that room
I'm one of these fucks fuck you and your
weird jumping pattern I have the tick so
I can't get an umbilical cord
use to get 40 oh my god i press the
wrong button oh well not look at this
that's actually kind of Awesome I did
not know you could do that this item oh
my god so hard there you go so many
bombs now got diamond it's really
awesome can't use it for the boss bun on
23 recharges in three rooms so that's
really good to know
okey all right let's do this
Oh easy peasy and HP up damn dog all
right well let's see what that other
tarot card is now there's a tarot card
in here to it right oh no that's I'm to
local court we don't care about the
umbilical cord
as long as we have long as we have that
that nail for the mom fight I think
we're going to be fine let's get this
tarot card what is this the fool someone
tells me what the fool does don't touch
the spikes I know not to touch the
spikes there's a shovel item you just
crap that's true oh my god no
everything's going to crap you guys
tell me what the shovel item does I'm
not darks to the little guy because
those are my hearts can I blow up the
little devil cuz I'll blow them up no
they just get spiders oh the full
teleports you yeah I don't care about a
teleportation we should project for a
hidden room at bombs there we go take it
I'll take it great great great great and
good he turns into spiders yeah that's
fine
yeah you know what I never get the
shovel I know like you can get a shovel
and it digs your way to the next floor
but to me it's like then you're losing
out on items you know you're losing out
on a boss loot and that's the that's the
important thing of the game is getting
those getting those boss lives you know
this is a situation that I'm really
grateful for me boy and my ladder as I
can just hide from these guys no loot
really no loot this is what you're
telling me where my Lou dad take this
OOP all right it's fine like that mom's
keys everything's good nothing i also
have not been paying attention to what
room we're at so I can't tell you like
how close we are to mom we might be
close to clubs doubles your amount of
bombs now I have 40 bumps I think we're
gonna be fine you ain't got nothing on
me little chub
ain't got nothing on me I'm gonna blow
you up and it's gonna be great boom boom
and I like it is a heart and all i get
is a mother fucking heart let's go to
the arcade all right this guy who have
never much get oh my god
see that's where me boy can fuck you up
a little bit golden key like that now
what I have solar well let's see if we
can I won't get rid of the blood machine
yet I have a golden key which means i
can open up any locked door on this
level
I'm not going to use the blood machine
because that will deplete my soul hearts
and I'm not getting rid of my soul
hearts those free arts oh oh my fuck bud
if I think what's going to happen
happens over here is I just lose my soul
hearts because I'm fighting enemies then
I'll go back there we go I can't have
the pin because I have a tick I think
the tick is good though give me shit
giving good chin all right too fast for
you how good keys that's what we really
need so we really need is cues all right
let's see if we can find a store down
here and got mad loot mad money
money makin makin super disco just feel
break-in or something like we just go
just go shaking me up this is me not
this is me not knowing guys not knowing
the lyrics to a Beastie Boys song trying
to try not to judge me too harshly I'm
I'm doing the best I can hear
remembering Beastie Boys songs so money
making money money makin super disco
disco break-in body moving body body
moving something-something grooving I'm
sure
the beggar give me some stuff I
shouldn't give him too much because
there might be a store but now I've
started giving him stuff Oh mom great
great great all the things want to kill
me and a key great that's exactly what
we needed that's exactly what we needed
here look a key that will be incredibly
useless very very soon I shake down here
see if there's a store down here well
there is let's see what's in it that's
what it is the pickaxe moves you down a
level obviously wants so hard and
obviously we want a tarot card the
magician someone tell me what the
magician does thank you in advance now
we can go back to the beggar see if he's
got anything good for us
get my lace a bigger what
but as the magician use finis item
homing shots oh yeah well maybe they
know it's something I priestess I'm sure
that does something cool or not no no oh
thank you bigger hpf High Priestess what
is the High Priestess do the magician
gives you magical tears yes
grant
the pic
um what's his High Priestess 20 that's
interesting High Priestess causes mom's
bent like to drop down I think we're
gonna hold on to that one
we will hold on to that one this is
bombs this is item to do this mental
checklist for myself because we're about
to fight a boss and this might be mom
yes okay this is my let's see you can
mom stomp down on mom I wonder why got
this this is nothing moms like is so
dead I don't know what is going on where
none of her other thing that coming out
maybes because I'm a demon she's not
spawning enemies or anything but that
was probably the easiest that was the
easiest mom fight I've ever ever done
and a health up that's great ok so the
nail is my new favorite item obviously
blew my mom is my nightmare of you
alright so let's keep going let's keep
moving into the womb part 1
yes lock Castle hunker down her leg is
all sorts of ren and stimpy absolutely I
love the art style of the whole thing
really looking forward to like very
curious about rebirth because III did
all the art style in pixel art so
everything will be a little less clear
which I think I think will be more fun
just say how much i love these pretty
flies guard they protect me all right
Susan here fuck that move it fast yeah
it's the other bad thing about having me
boy is he does not coordinate his
attacks with you so when he attacks the
bombs you don't always know about it
Jesus Christ another one of my very
favorite visual enemies is the blood
gushing vijayam monster there we go and
easiest by the world great nice boy you
scoundrel oh my god I forgot I forgot
that you moved mini gurdy gurdy think it
is pretty fast right in the best
not worth it you mean boy I think I'm
just gonna go right to the boss here
because I'm here so why not no need to
explore I'm here Eddie Long Legs lot can
I ram into people is that part of my
that is that's part of my daily long
legs power I can just ram into people
and it kills them oh it also hurts me
okay try not to do that gotcha gotcha
this is my first time fighting daddy
longlegs verrano's
hey you pretty boy I'll take it pretty
fine range up arms are keys we do not
want that we do not want that I do wish
that there was a way to drop an item
there's that oh let's keep moving let's
keep moving on who blood hard thing what
does this game have a deep profound
message absolutely pie for 60 it's about
making your own path oh my god it's
about survival it's about dealing with
your parents you know as it has actually
a lot of deep profound messages but
mostly it's about blood and vagina
monsters oh it's good all around as far
as I'm concerned oh my fuck
get him me boy he's right there thank
you he was a right there
q alright happen item so now we just
need the boss if we can get oh oh oh
there we go that was easy Isaac meat boy
makes this game just a ton easier didn't
I have at one point charcoal shots let's
say I didn't ever get I don't know why I
have blood shots now okay with it it
means more damage button and we kill
these good news guys are you guys gonna
come let's be honest just take him home
and be honest with ourselves those guys
kind of like an eyeball things though
get him
use me boy use me boy to my advantage
the times are kings don't want to use
that don't want to use my own journeys
okay come on Kevin find the end to find
the boss
right there steaming blood in vagina
monsters or mom steaming okay you get
him you play already there we go there
we go there we go there we go great
these piece if that was having easy
piece oh my god quivering blood spurting
monsters to get it you get it in this is
just another bomb turkeys aren't is it
calm come on come on oh tempting
tempting but these big jangling spikes I
think make me lose a full heart so
that's a big load on not worth it so I
take who arcade arcade up or I have
something for me yes okay give me a pill
give me a pill give me a pill give me
something to replace this bombs or keys
I hate just having it at a fingertip
away I could not imagine all of a sudden
having 48 keys and 10 bombs that would
that would just piss me right off and I
could I could slip and press that button
that's the thing that could happen fuck
that we don't want that
come on give yourself yourself give me
something give me something give me
something give his own
you say I can get through the spikes
diagonally if you are careful i don't
think i will be that careful and I don't
want to possibly waste a heart even
though now i have full arts so that's
nice and i don't want to use the blood
machine because i have those two extra
soul hearts and the blood machine will
take the soul hearts first that's that's
for extra hits and i will need that oh
my god more so hard Jesus Christ no
matter a lot of things
are you laughs what you got what are you
up okay after me a heart that's no use
there's no use to me that's fine bring
blood spurting monster okay great moms
there's the boss yeah let's just go do
it let's go do it mom's art let's go
oh this is great with this nail item I
feel a little invincible and of course
with meat boy doing lesbianas ninety
percent of work this is a challenge run
like this isn't a normal run I did one
of the I did one of the challenges of
parts goblins a little floating goblins
oh my god oh my god who shouldn't want
that you a new moms hurt shooting poison
blood all over the place
hey boy can you do thank you super fan
has appeared in the basement excellent
excellent youth bombs on heart I didn't
need to use my bombs yeah dawg great
I feel like that was a really good run
I'm not that kind of made up for losing
FDL earlier at critical hell she finds a
flip out ah great I don't know what
super fan is oh it turns into me point
that's nice I'm done yeah I'm gonna be
done night night beat that one of Isaac
um so that's great I feel I feel much
much better about about kind of
everything now I would in a perfect
world I would like to get platinum God
on Isaac before rebirth comes out just
to have that completion it's done i
don't know if i'll get there just
because I play other games but I think I
could Thank You Rory Dana I thought that
was a good run i felt really good about
it food of asks when i'm going to stream
next time without rich telling me what
to do we aren't we are going to continue
i have to get to play XCOM outside of
the stream and so we are actually going
to continue from where we left off from
the old stream so that'll be great and
dr. morrow is coming up soon i don't
know if it'll be on wednesday actually
won't be on Wednesday we will not be
streaming Wednesday night
um oh I could do another solo
streamlines then I but we cannot do a
group stream Wednesday night great so
we're gonna figure that out though I
could do a solo stream maybe more rogue
legacy maybe another isaac run just
because i love isaac runs yeah junkie oh
I'm really looking forward to laying the
new Isaac because it's coming out on my
Vita it's going to be literally my Vita
is going to be an Isaac machine for
maybe three four months so play more
perfect dark well no group wednesday gia
gorilla but maybe a solo stream
Wednesday night we'll figure it out we
can't do a group stream we can't get us
all together or any of us together for
that matter another maybe another
thursday night extreme after I lose more
footage absolutely we are um I think
we're recording stuff friday so maybe we
can do a friday night's dream with me
and rich after we're done messing around
with some other stuff recording some fun
stuff i will convince redlettermedia to
watch torque I actually really want to
see torque the ridiculous motorcycle
movie so yes I will try to convince them
that I do not have a 3ds I am looking
into getting a 3ds so they there are
like you can buy a special 3ds with a
special capture card soldered into it
for a little extra money and you know as
we obviously do refuse and live streams
I thought that might be a fun thing to
do is actually streaming hand health
games which not a lot of people do
I've been looking into that which it
seems very doable but you know it's just
one of those things where what do we
want to put money towards you know do we
want to put money towards just games you
know like Steam games for that matter do
we want to put money maybe towards a
console like ps4 do we want to put money
towards a 3ds with a capture device to
actually like do reviews of hand hells
and you know not a lot of people do that
especially video reviews of handouts so
you know we're working on tetris on the
Game Boy done and done
which is the other thing do want to
spend our money on a retron 5 I don't
know if you know anything about the
Retron 5 NES Super NES genesis game boy
advance games all through an hdmi itch
atal out could be worthwhile investment
hmm d s capture would be a bad idea
wouldn't be a bad idea I don't think it
would be a bad idea one of those things
were it well like that's just a thing if
I'm going to get a d/s which I might in
the future I'm going to get a d/s with a
capture out because of what I do now so
yes Rory Tate we i'm working on those
emoticons i swear i'm working on them I
got to get them to look right though so
that's going to be it thank you guys so
much for coming out for the stream that
is going to be all mary is my
where's my mouse
you never gonna get a little flicker
here there we go and have a good night
