Dec 17, 2017
TIE Fighter, I, Zombie, Pac-Man
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3640293
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3640329
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3640645
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3640700
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cK18KJciHlU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRdSDPLTfKY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTxIgS-RBrU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjYG2SyWDS0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/545320413166043136
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/545413877740343296

[Part I]
New Jersey Street alright let's stop
stream start over again if this doesn't
work we're doing something different
yeah
look we're not even screaming are we no
I got it oh now it's doing something is
it that far behind
oh no this is your just see in the end
but the end Oh darts wounded search
Street my ad started - yeah wait
we might be streaming Wow how could we
be that delayed I have no fucking idea I
don't know if they heard any of us
talking about we were talking about some
important stuff here guys are you
getting you're getting footage of screen
oh yeah there's the screen then look at
it look like crap alright guys
ah we're playing TIE fighter ah it looks
like an absolute garbage shit until we
get into TIE fighter so enter your name
pilot be prepared for it to look like
balls so I'm just skipping over
everything and going straight to the
flying then yes and I didn't pick up
each other
copy shits over there entering the area
there boy dat
my
Oh
again or we're gonna watch which
oh it's to library huh fuck koala game
yep sorry everybody a mod with you ah ah
what they're saying wait you haven't
quit out of it oh my god
guys what the fuck what the fuck oh my
god we have two people kneeble me bow ah
people evil thank you for subscribing
and the Rising Sun thank you for
subscribing such place Pokemon says the
Star Wars it's happening in my ears
I'd say gum Oh game audio's gotta go
lower than that even lower than that
either I would I would say so I know why
the force awakens the audio is too loud
right now I have to oh you can turn the
sound down he and I have to quit out of
the game to change anything true in over
broadcaster hey Windows desktop you're
right I could change it in the game look
at me yeah that's it at the depth
attempt and it wouldn't be so loud of
you alright alright alright and then you
just need to relax
you sound very tense I am very tense
nothing's ever alright rich isn't it
like when you're in charge and like it's
on you the technical stuff is on you
isn't it a terrible feeling I'm never
tense cuz I couldn't care less it
technically working right now yeah Jay
what are you working on would you would
you like to give it rose yeah okay well
okay I'm like best of the worst
Christmas special is a gigantic
undertaking edit I've been at it for
three days straight Monday I ended it
for like 10 hours uh yesterday I edited
for close to 10 hours and then like 8
hours today I'm now my gosh
but he was a very very engaging research
with what are you finding
okay they do the audio previous
everybody ready for the audio preview
alright alright I can hear this this is
the audio preview of the Christmas
episode
yeah take a guess on what that is ah I
love it I love it and rich they're also
saying game audio's still world right
we are officially working on that I was
like dubstep washing machine good um
good cool good guess these are all good
guesses and they're all incredibly
incorrect I am 100% certain that nobody
will figure out what that was oh it is
also not a dildo machine hmm
it is a dildo machine a machine that
makes dildos or a machine that uses
dildo what machine uses dildos it's like
as like a like a way to power the engine
of a machine you have to use dildos
instead of Pistons it's it's using the
friction oh my god it's a dildo and um
what do you call them well it was the
what's the female or what's the Oh the
i-ight on flashlight flashlight yes it's
a dildo and a flashlight okay that one
right away they harness the four cocky
Obama I get for helping oh hey dick the
neutral boy oh thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
but yeah you guys don't know what a
fleshlight is I'm sorry
the fleshlight made an appearance on the
streamlines
yeah see this is this is part of the
problems we've been dealing with so we
see what you guys are seeing now is very
strange it's like a black box we see
tie-fighter perfectly fine on our
monitor but you guys are seeing like a
glitchy black box thing and we're really
sorry about that but this is literally
the only way we can get this to stream
luckily all the Thai fighter segments
look good and I'm looking back in the
chat and I don't see any subscribers
that I missed so if I missed you I'm
sorry
they're the MEP I might have been a
couple when cuz I could I can't see my
screen rice is going on right I think we
missed two others I got those first two
morally up I'll maybe then maybe wait to
get them out on a god I got them
I who know I started theirs next target
to
back try the 94 version
is the version we got people it's the 98
version oh I was having I can't
calibrate the the gamepad I'm using to
work with that version yes we did try
tried that we try we tried that version
the 94 dos version but we couldn't
calibrate the joystick it was wobbling
all over the place I couldn't the game
was unplayable yes so you had to choose
whether you could play the game but not
see some of the non tie-fighter stuff or
see all the non tie-fighter stuff or not
play the game so this is what you got
people this is what could you got people
and now I'm I'm setting all of my might
it for some reason it lost all of my my
bindings yeah listen now I'm rebinding
shit refined it is whatever bindings
yeah ii telling the joypad what keys to
what I'm putting the important one goes
on the joypad this game yes as a million
different button prompts oh yeah look it
on the button prompts here page 1 page 2
page 3 page 4 single but not including
shift 1 because it's not because it's
like a flood to be later okay
yeah you'll hate oh but I'm not playing
it for you so are you doing you enjoyed
my play it I don't care huh yeah it's
crazy I don't want them bein changing
she'll less important next target
previous target that's important that's
important um while we're waiting for
rich to bind keys we can talk about the
very disappointing news
that somehow someway people made me root
for seth rogen I don't know if you have
to be on his side of the situation and I
fucking hate that cuz I disliked sethro
they had a mindset I had no interest in
that movie to begin with em when I first
heard the concept I thought it was a
little like weird to be making a movie
Lee but the craziest thing to me is like
what everybody's talking about now
there's so many different topics you
could touch on and talking about this
whole situation and the fact that all of
it started with a kernel of an idea of
Seth Rogen in a room somewhere smoking
pot and going you know we should make a
movie but look what's happened yep not
to say it's all his fault of course it's
not let's see it's the fault of the
hackers but it's just weird to me though
that's I wish it was there was all this
controversy and all this discussion
being brought up over movie more
worthwhile yeah you know I like but I'm
feeling the interview is not dr.
Strangelove rice oh right it's it's a
weird situation it's a very lazy Jewish
this point even and Sam yeah and and I
see people talking this is not this is
not Sony's gaff Sony was going to
continue with the movie this is theater
change this is theater Gems pulling out
and it's where like it's easy to say
like oh those pussies and it's like I
can understand people that are upset
from that perspective but at the same
time I can understand you know there are
business and are concerned about the
safety we have game
and so absolutely this is disappointing
our oo also Kilroy and makes pie rich so
you can bang it's so wrong under heaven
yeah I'm even here love yes I trying
fuck's sake this is my is the most
difficult thing I'm Sergeant Amy Jones
here oh hey hi Colin apparently the
Alamo Drafthouse is replacing like their
screens that they were gonna have of the
interview is Team America oh that's
gonna be yeah fuck yeah
a drug right oh I don't mind seth rogen
I first saw Seth Rogen in Freaks and
Geeks cuz i watch that show and it
originally aired sure loved it and of
course no one knew who he was then
alright this guy is funny like I'd like
a dry delivery everything I thought you
really Pony on them Church and like the
military over Jimmy much sure does not
want to be low volume a best test card
almost all the way down Church and I
don't you know yeah yeah yeah can you
what do you guys think that is all game
on open broadcaster I have a turn pretty
far down yeah but you can see where the
green line goes the green line still get
something how much lower than us should
it be green lion lower well lot lower or
I could probably turn it down even more
I mean say turn it down oh fuck this
people subscribers are saying it's still
too long
alright you know what I might just do
this muted what fuck it
sky dandy thank you for subscribing to
our cavalcade of jackass er and fuck up
hurry that's what we have here a
cavalcade of fuck up hurry
it's like you know thinking thinking
about seth rogen like he was great in
the 40 year old virgin kind of like a
sporting gas and like weird goofy guy
right yeah and then super bad comes out
just couple of fucks come out what just
couple what the fuck's coming up oh my
god
there is professor physics up thank you
for subscribing
who is the please the other one doctor
medicine hi doctor scientist I'm doctor
scientist I'm professor physics thank
you for subscribing professor
we really appreciate him it's I got to
rebind everything again it didn't save
your by now did not save my fucking
bindings this sounds like the worst game
ever
it's just hard to stream yeah lots of
technical difficulty you don't want fuck
it I'm you do what you want is your game
what are you doing rich what's the call
you have to make the call here volume is
good now now that is that now that it's
all no that's not completely is it well
rich thinks on this yeah super bad which
you wrote or co-wrote yeah right yeah
good movie I like to super bad this it's
fun it's good solid comedy this is what
I'm saying um oh this looks fun TIE
fighter it's neat
look at you to fly to him I already died
fire looks great yeah I can't I can't
select the targets though because my
bindings are all fucked again I'm very
really sorry hey Mike shotgun thank you
for subscribing you sound like an 80s
action hero but this is my partner Nick
pistol here was it oh oh shit oh shit
I'm successful I'm I blew it up anyway I
flew into another ship there you go oh
god I think he's Seth Rogen suffers from
overexposure and playing the same role
in every movie sure that's his biggest
problem
hi I can go ahead and do that I
he's an okay writer okay I'm I'd like
some of the movies that he started okay
yeah hey I'm fine Apple Express ghetto
sip Lord thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it uh yeah panel
Express was alright huh it's a shipping
ride it was the same gag though every
gag in that movie was the same gag which
is this is something that normally would
be very serious and we're gonna be
idiots um all is the premise for the
book ever saying there's other gags in
there I know I like that movie just cuz
they hired a weird art house director to
make it so there's lots of bizarre
little touches throughout the whole
thing
alright like there's a great part where
when they have you know and that's a
good movie you have to have the buddies
they split up at one point where I added
each other they ganar you meant to go
their separate ways
yep and it's James Franco sitting on the
playground
crying while eating a cheeseburger and
there's just this little chubby girl in
a bathing suit
like looking through the fence at him as
he's crying and eating this to you
burger I'm just like that's a totally
David Rives idea I'm not that nice
little touches like that alright first
let's the only dumb comedy made that
actually was any good even a few of them
they're all pretty terrible sure but he
makes good smaller film okay you know
what okay you know and I I just don't
know if I even have strong feelings
towards James Franco we're just like
he's fine in certain roles yeah
he's wrong as a leading man and like The
Wizard of Oz I was I was the green
powerful like he's completely miscast
and stuff like that but he's great and
uh Spring Breakers
I think he's couldn't find Apple Express
I still have yet to see Spring Breakers
I it's on my list of things to see its
thing that's that's what I did oh my god
thank you for subscribing I suppose your
name is oh my god did you did oh my god
right the way the screen is cropped I
can't even see the information I need to
see this is terrible
okay we're choosing a new game the
here's the weird thing about that you
can't see it rich
but the chat but I can we know what I
can watch it in the preview and see what
settings are so weird yeah I think our
choosing a new game the bridge wants to
keep trying to play it but that's fine
you want I can just I can sense the
winds this looks really neat
fucking oh did it oh I did Silverwood 77
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciated
a lot of some hype and I'm down with
that
down with the sub hype for ty fight dumb
yeah I did stop talking now
oh yeah okay now I'm plugged my laptop
that's alright then you're right pirate
Jake Franco takes more shit than Jack
Packard I agree I just I don't have
strong feelings
he was also great on Freaks and Geeks
all comes back to freaks and geeks you
know I just wasn't that big of a fan oh
I think it's a great job okay okay
Oh Billy hecka
I can tell you Rich's very rich liked
women commander it was very excited for
this new game from the Wing Commander
guy I don't know what it's called of its
star citizen our citizen you know who
likes that yeah that's all I got
oh yeah did you see that one the one
with James Franco and where he was the
climber 127 hours yeah yeah I saw that
he's good okay I'm Franco
I thought the movie was over stylized
for what it needed to be and I
understand that there try to overcome
safer fact that 90 minutes of a guy with
his arm caught in a rock I would like
something a little more minimalist with
it personally
fine movie do you think is that it was
that the tagline what 90 minutes of a
guy with a time maybe longer
I saw the theaters I don't know how long
it was but okay yeah they're definitely
trying to overcome I'm over compensate
for that it's a true story wasn't yeah
what's the American a movie right it's
George Clooney in that I think you might
be I don't know I love a Glee recognize
the title Langa's Khan says while you're
watching rich play the oldest game in
existence what's your opinion on the
American I don't even know I don't think
it's a George Clooney movie but I'm not
here acure they go fantasy house Jerry
is the movie I was thinking oh yes
that's the exact opposite of 127 hours
where it's Matt Damon and Casey Affleck
stuck in the desert
and it's 90 minutes of them wandering
around the desert it doesn't get much
more minimal is the met a lot of people
ate that movie but I thought it was
completely effective for what it was
trying to do I walked out of the theater
and I felt perched I felt like like I
needed a drink of water it's like okay
that's good Oh Jack I have to tell you
about this film Jake I'm not gonna say
the title of it because I'm gonna stream
it on the new year stream I don't want
people to know about it ahead of time
because they have to go in blind I
watched it last night
I'm 99.999% sure that nobody has ever
heard of it okay completely obscure I
had never even heard of it until last
week it's from the early eighties and
it's it's like if Don Dahler midnight
beast and galaxy invader sure if Don
Dahler
tried to make a David Lynch film but not
just the David Lynch film if David Lin
if it's he tried to make a David Lynch
film and that David Lynch film was David
Lynch trying to make an early eighties
slasher movie that's what this is and it
gets so surreal and bizarre and I'm not
sure if that was made by someone that
knew what they were doing and was
intentionally making it surreal tough or
if it was made by someone just trying to
make a slasher movie but that director
was completely insane and/or incompetent
but it's the most excited I've been by a
movie a really long time oh my god
starts off kind of slow sure but it gets
really interesting and really fucking
weird it was shot in the world
bouncing somewhere I need to do some
more research on it that's awesome but
here's the thing okay and I'm not this
isn't like Oh wouldn't this be funny
like I legitimately want to remake it I
want to find out who's responsible for
it
no fucking clue um but I I'm as I'm
watching it cuz it's shot kind of poorly
it's shot like a Don Dahler movie yeah
that's like a downed older movie huh but
I'm watching it and I'm picturing in my
head like what it could look like looks
like Don dullard but if it looks like
like early seventies Dario Argento it
would be really something interesting oh
so it's the most excited I've been by a
movie in a really long time and it's a
bad movie it's really interesting well I
think this is great well you guys have
heard of here first this is the next
movie this is this isn't exclusive but
something that will probably never
happen but it's it's yeah that's great
again I could see it in my mind as I'm
watching it I could see the whole thing
about Cindy and that's amazing oh it
sounds great
hey morick sorry I didn't get to you
earlier but thank you for subscribing
you very much agree I wouldn't very much
appreciate it and um no I don't think
column that it's patch Adams
it is patch Anna oh I'm sorry
hmm says one of the scariest movies I've
ever seen yes and you end the stream of
balm is New Year's New Year's Day New
Year's Day I decided to do a New Year's
Day great I'm come here your hangover
with weird shit oh my god what a
terrible idea
oh yeah for this string this year we're
going to be using Ustream you Street so
to the best of my knowledge Ustream
doesn't have the issue that Justin TV
had which was there's a limit of a
thousand people outside of the US if it
it's a thousand limit of people in the
chat
like people can still watch it but you
can't enter the chat unless you're in
the US or something weird like that okay
I don't think you street has that okay
uh a horrible glory says I got my tablet
set up in the bathroom
so I can watch rlm screen with on on the
bathroom while puking on the bathroom
all right sounds like you have this well
thought out I think that's a great idea
okay good luck I'm gonna try and take it
easy on New Year's Eve so I'm not
blinking too bad of shape to do the
stream what time does it start is it
noon I've been doing it the last couple
years noon to midnight oh yeah that's
before easy I don't know what I'm
playing yet this year I generally try to
stick to a blanket we play our stuff of
course my shirt with the features other
people's stuff and try to stick to like
public domain or M's that are so obscure
that it won't be any sort of idiot that
nobody's looking out for the rights no
all right I will be streaming the
interview though oh I haven't I have a
copy yes
oh no but you know I was talking rich
about that just to get back on the
interview that's big news right and rich
had a great idea which is yesterday
that's exactly what Sony should do at
this point is just offer it streaming
offering opera hissing yeah that's a
reasonable price and everyone and their
mother will want to see this movie now
yeah yeah and make sure and then after
you stream it send the numbers right to
North Korea I'll be like because you
threatened ten million people saw thank
you for letting them see this is yeah do
you I have admittedly never been out to
an IRL on screen before
do you talk during the stream yeah and
you've done I mean I suppose like it
started up where we do but I don't know
that's not what it's about for me like
sure that's like that's what this is at
this boy this everybody else just
chattiness that's why I'm curious yeah
no no it's always just been streaming
stuff they're trying to show weird
things to people and you know I talk in
the chance okay I like it I like it
last year you play death lists yes I
ended with death lists did I call you
old man after that yes you do okay oh
god you guys saw old man I'm so sorry
some hate crime I have never seen death
list you seen old man but I've seen old
man and if death list is anywhere near
the caliber of old man deathless
deathless is much worse that technical
level on a story level everything about
his words shocking old man was a
disaster old man was a Geok of them you
know as as a filmmaker when you're
making a movie that's usually one of as
a no budget filmmaker yeah usually the
first question you ask yourself is what
do I have
yes that I could film on Kevin Smith had
a convenience store right uh Robert
Rodriguez had a guitar case that's how
the story goes there's uh what the fuck
the way this is I really can't see who
that's on so thank you for letting me
know Ben Parsons
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it so you ask yourself what
you have what did what do I have and the
old man they had a house yeah you know
what everybody's got a fucking house you
know a house and a Halloween mask that
looks like an old man yes that's what
they had we just moved into a house I
found his mask count looks like Oh ma'am
and we make movie inarticulate masks
it's not there's nothing to it this is
the mask
maybe I play old man again this year and
I wasn't scheduled last year that was
just a play deathless and people are
shocked and amazed yeah I think it just
came up in the channel except like the
idea that this guy made another move
he's like a helper Lana oh sure I think
I don't remember if it was planned or
not uh Jesus age
Jesus age bacon pants uh the it's a good
name by the way
the stream oh it's bacon pants Oh No
okay so I don't know if you got the
pants no.9 or if he's benign bacon pain
is it there's a lot of the stream will
start at noon Central Standard US
Central Time Cowan says it would be
cheaper to actually buy an old man that
might be true probably go to find an old
man go to a nursing home I'm sure they'd
be happy for the company yeah yeah from
our experiences working with with the
elderly and videos they really like to
talk I think there is happy to be out of
the house oh my god
yeah someone is asking whether or not
there's any new comments from the alien
vs. predator which reminds me of
something someone wrote a song for us
comments from what we did the comet
video crocodile brain oh yeah and people
are asking if there's any new great
comments I mean nothing will surpass the
crocodile brain but someone was kind
enough to write us a song
the alien doesn't have eyesight skinny
the alien doesn't have eyesight look
crocodile brain brain don't play the
game
thank you sign you to know someone just
even helped me to mp3 oh okay
thank you Chris knew when I I love this
and this has to be on me too I mean I
guess what I'm sure you even have to ask
if he wants it on YouTube yes maybe we
can work on something with this song to
get it up on youtube a video wise we'll
see once again Chris Newland I very much
appreciate that song and I think it's
hilarious wonderful
you barring twice um yes I will upload
the song some time some world what
so you can download it and use it as a
ringtone as I know that's important to
all of you
oh good hold
Letty's plays oh my lord
all right so someone I think was on the
message board so that he's back he's
back he's setting up making Letty plays
and now he's making him again oh my god
I don't even know his name or anything
so I haven't looked for know what Eleni
play is easy tgp let me play cuz he had
a typo grateful you know when you use
numbers as letters it's hard to read
your user name grateful h grab it
grateful head is that supposed to be
grateful head thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate that's not funny
likes if and this game is not a lot like
Rogue Squadron he's being yeah whatever
he's being funny rich grateful head okay
thank you thank you grateful head
we very much appreciate the subscription
sorry for bumbling your name Jack had
one beer
so that means I'm a little Krunk I'm
having a Roman Coke because I deserve it
after seeing what you've been doing yeah
knowing what you were doing this isn't
undertaking this episode isn't
undertaken huh that's it undertake but
then it won't be worth it because it'll
fail yeah well what I will say I'm that
we're talking about the Christmas best
of the worst what I will say is normally
when we do our discussion it's for best
of the worst
we talk for like I don't know maybe an
hour sometimes that's sort of the
shortest like an hour there like an hour
and a half or so yeah we talked for two
and a half hours for this Christmas
episode
did we really and I'm trying to to tame
that down into something watchable I
have some ideas they're a little
different I think that's gonna make it
understands oh Jesus age but it's it's
yeah the last few days has been trying
to tame the Beast come on all the fat
and keep all the funny that's a
challenge it's an editing challenge is
what it is that's you know what that's
great as long I think as long as it
keeps you interested that's the
important I was laughing while editing
it but that was also I feel like eight
hours of editing straight where you get
sigh happy and weird yeah uh that's what
resulted in if anyone remembers our
movie 43 review where we didn't share
much just made up what happened in it
the editing of that one has all these
like weird sound effects and that's the
result of me getting slap-happy
I just originally just like a normal
episode but I started to lose my mind so
I was weird shit to it that's where the
fine
that was really fun oh for anyone asking
I saw someone ask last Sunday rich did
his very first solo stream it is
terrible but I want you because Jax
internet decided to go kaput my my modem
apparently blew up Oh
or something so I got a new one and now
my internet works fine uh so I couldn't
do my normal stream or even Skype in too
rich a stream so you got a taste to the
solo stream mr. Foreman le mr. Forman le
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
dum-dum-dum right - see they're saying
you did a fine job and some of us some
of them are saying Jack never leave us
alone with rich again sighs until Joe's
gonna be quiet
that's why I'm quiet now I'm playing
this game unfortunately I can't talk and
game yeah no we're here
that's what we're here my brain my brain
wants to focus on one thing or the other
do it that's okay that's okay no I did
not find and kill the red checkers guy I
would like to though that's really
upsetting
I had a bonus stream after the stream
yeah I was just was looking at the chat
and people we're talking about thinking
I was gonna play checkers just without
light even not having the mic on I just
started playing streaming checkers
mm-hmm and this guy was playing against
it was it cleared wrong no he just
refused to go he wouldn't accept the
drop and it fury ated me and he didn't
accept the draw because that would mean
he lost that would lose that would look
that means no that would mean he tied
and they just wanted to be a jerk right
he wanted to wait me out and you know I
don't want to stay at the studio all
night right
so eventually he got his way red one
jerk but he did he way yeah yeah he got
it last way worked that's terrible it is
that is terrible
and instead of having my back some
people in the chat we're mad that I even
offered a drum well you couldn't win No
checkers work sometimes fucking tie
bomber ship sucks huh if only you guys
could see this ship it looks pretty cool
right now you can't see it because
that's how it works sometimes looked
okay in the preview er no no it look at
this
alright that it's terrible that's
terrible cuz oh they're saying it was
gobbledygook s-- or Mike
maybe it was Mike it was the red who is
the red player
nope that's not what I want you to do I
don't know that was I get it wrong I had
a wrong key oh sure and for those of you
guys asking and this is something we
just uploaded all of the space quest
videos to YouTube and a lot of comments
have been made on my typing slash
reading ability which I mean at one I
really appreciate you your concern for
me but but to answer your questions yes
I am very dyslexic which is a true thing
um when taking my tests at you it you
have to go take tests and whatnot um
there's a scale of dyslexic and mine was
uh so fuck oh my God he's so dyslexic so
fucking dyslexic so it's a really it's a
real so in other words cut you some
slack no don't come you any slack
well it doesn't known well anyways no no
do it I'm not asking you to cut me some
slack I'm just telling you this is the
truth I think this is a thing um
dyslexia is act is pretty complicated
disorder you know some people have
trouble inputting some people have
trouble I'm putting some people have
along well my biggest problem is
actually outputting I have a harder time
with stuff like typing and writing words
and correct orders and some with reading
reading I've learned how to get over um
mostly by taking speed reading
techniques as I'm just gonna say by
taking speed mostly by thinking like
well bead I take speed and then I smoke
pot kind of cool off some of the speed
okay um no actually I use speed reading
techniques to read the sentence before
I'm reading to double read it does that
makes any sense it's it's been a while
okay
so in any case I don't worry doc I
appreciate all your concern
and that's sarcasm and yes that is
exactly why I hate cutscenes cuz it
makes me read them no I've never been
diagnosed with a DB or ADHD none of that
I don't I was not even tested for that
um mostly because my mom thought it was
bullshit yeah but my mom is crazy gets
that another time
so oh god now you guys are all typing
out of order that's always have no idea
how that actually hurts to be in my head
I knew you know what I knew that you
guys would be supportive of this one
church that's fine let them do what they
want I just literally won't be able to
read it so the comment pass and then by
the way your comment will pass it it
means nothing that's really the thing
yeah that's that's always the funny
thing when you know that there's someone
like getting worked up with their angry
comments or whatever like on YouTube and
it's all you do you just like go click
is out of your life forever cuz they you
think they're accomplishing something
it's so high it means so much to them
mmm that they that they irritate you and
it means absolutely nothing
oh my god it's almost cute it is almost
kid grateful head we asked Matt Hammond
about the yarn lion head over the
fireplace and say my god yeah
and if he doesn't know where it is he
said that was just at the house oh he
went to look for it they posted he's so
weird with his YouTube videos like a
post one don't delete a little while
later I don't think
any of them posted now but he went down
to the area they shot the movie he was
just like walking around trying to find
the house cuz he knew the general area
huh
and he didn't end up finding it oh he
didn't look for the house that they shot
the scene but but like that wasn't a
prop brought to set that was something
that just this person has their house
yeah and of course if you have a yard
line head that is being featured in the
movie very very prominently J already
talked a little bit about unedited
footage of bears oh we might not have
been screaming we might not oh that's
right that's what we were talking about
yeah yeah I remember we weren't sure we
were screaming here's here's the
question J yes did you click on the
closes add link I knew that it was fake
like I could tell cuz I've seen enough
YouTube videos to know what the real
ones apply sure but I clicked on it just
to see what it did apparently that
website has lots of deer shit on - I
even looked through that yeah sure but
but I mean I knew what they were doing
immediately like I could tell them the
and I was asked if anything was a part
of the video you can tell immediately
yeah you know it almost doesn't matter
cuz it goes on for another ten minutes
after that's and it's amazing by the way
uh agree it's it's an another like I
said on Twitter like like the most
interesting exciting filmmaking
happening right now is on Adult Swim of
all places I don't know what they're
doing but you know what they're doing
not giving a fuck I guess that's it I
think that's a reduction that's just
we're gonna do this yeah there's no
jokes in this although there are kind of
jokes in it where it keeps going on and
then they just occasionally have the
little disclaimers come at the bottom of
the screen about B oh yeah the drug yeah
I thought that was great but even
without that this is a short film I
thought like it didn't even have those
jokes in it I thought it would have been
interesting agreed
I've seen some people say it's from the
same people have made too many cooks
it's not as far as I can tell not
directed by the same people it's not
written
people I don't I think it's just that
it's Adult Swim's erection but like I
was saying before we started streaming
like I think it's more interesting and
better than too many cokes but it's not
going to catch on the way to get
lipstick too many cooks has that look
gimmicky the catchy song the nostalgia
for old 80's TV shows you know one
doesn't have that but it's a more
effective short film it has a more
accessible premise like everyone knows
what a show intro is supposed to be yeah
exactly and it's deconstructing that and
people understand that more so than this
weird short film abundantly side effects
of drugs like but I think I think too
many cooks also has a slower descent
into madness it does yeah it does and it
has a lot of like it has a lot of jokes
before the descent it's more of a
straight comedy video yeah where it
becomes something else yes where it's so
funny but it's a different it's not just
it's an entirely different kind of funny
yeah well this when it started as I do
any cooks when it started I was like
okay I get the joke like I understand
this it's gonna keep going like that's
funny
ah and I thought that was all it was
gonna be and then it goes off in a
completely different direction which is
what makes it great of course not just
that one joke oh no but you know the the
slower descent also makes it more
accessible yeah probably
it's not just complete complete oddity
from the beginning yes and I think with
unedited footage of bears which I love
that that's the title of it I wish it
was held on the bear footage a lot
longer that's the only thing I think it
bit oh my mad for like two three minutes
I think it's less than a minute oh yeah
no I'm only watch it the one time it's
like 30 seconds okay yeah that should
have been much longer the wall you in
but aside from that I felt great yeah no
really really fun yeah no no jokes no
jokes now I'm gonna do the things
popping up on the bottom of the screen
the Schumer's of the show but right
that's it that's it nothing capacitating
and for anyone who hasn't seen unedited
footage of bears don't watch it go watch
it just you know and without spoiling
anything the moment that she gets out of
the van
yes is when I was hooked is when I said
this is brilliant
everything after her getting out of the
van is absolute brilliant yes
bears minor having over there
um the Rising Sun asks so are Jack and
Jay even remotely interested in TIE
fighter no I haven't looked at the
screen once so I don't know what you've
never been interested in the game I've
been playing sometimes I am we talk
about things the thing like last Jack
and I are chatting right now I'm also
working Yeah right right
I'm gathering clips and footage that I
need right so I'm not paying attention
to time fighter
mm-hmm it's true no and I'm wait why do
you need all that pornography on your
screen for work
what would wha I've never seen a cop
that large I didn't think that would fit
into a man's asshole you can edit this
out right jacket absolutely okay
absolutely I'll get this out right now
okay hold on I'm editing it out wait
okay it's ended it out okay good
what does I know whatever here what just
happened oh and this game looks really
cool by the way yeah I would be
absolutely lost probably I wanna and so
I don't think I will ever play this game
but visually it looks very neat
I like watching rich play because then I
get to see all the cool stuff without
having to do it myself I like them the
same your sassy deny lifts Rich's sassy
when he's in the mindset of AI fighter
one that's right too many cocks ah take
the birthday boy is one too many cocks
how long before you think there's a too
many cocks porn parody there probably is
one already you think there is more
probable I don't want to google it no
the chat does that exist one of you
google it cuz I don't wanna
having to sit through the footage I was
sitting here yeah I see you at that
looks rough you know take the burger boy
wants me to explain an image link the
image is a bike being credited as camera
operator and video editors oh this yeah
this has been floating around lately for
some reason well here's I'm gonna take
guests here Jay okay Mike was a camera
operator and video editor for a video
yes
and they properly gave him ready it on a
credit frame that's the story I'm going
out of my way well then there you go we
were a fledgling video production
company we took a job that's it oh my
god the night amazing story that first
of all I never would have believed it
that one you know what that was a great
story
you're right I cannot find the footage
I'm looking for sometimes oh oh you
found other thing I needed anyway
oh damn it mine doesn't not show you the
thing you wanted to show you he doesn't
know oh it's a video know what that you
where'd you get a shiny when these
things are a pain in the ass that's a
great thing great you did you missed the
story a bad photo ride what against it
against it
they're saying you're doing great I know
I am but you don't even tell me good
I don't understand what's happening
Richie's a Thai fighter pilot and he's
shooting down ships let's to understand
it we got to capture this outpost mmm
the thing they're okay right now well
the secondary secondary objectives is to
scan this thing's cargo okay so I'm so
you have to get within range
yeah you should automatically scan but I
gotta get in there oh wow you gotta get
fucking close don't shoot it and I
already scanner oh it's all good
that's all good okay okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry um I am going to play more Space
Quest not tonight but in general I an on
doing more games like that I think the
next one we might want to do is rich has
not yet played Leisure Suit Larry - and
so that's a game neither of us have
played but is it the same gate vein so
it might be fun Elvis delvis I'm not
gonna sing the peepee song get out of
here
get out of here Samet you have heard
great things about the same in max
series there's something there's a bunch
of games and either max point click and
all of us all of the Lucas are ones yeah
Lucas Harris ones are point and click
point good yeah I prefer the typing out
what you do maybe that makes you think
more in my opinion I agree I like I
don't I don't mind the point like I like
a lot of old point clicks you know you
have to remember I didn't have a
computer for a long time so I didn't get
to play any of these growing up just the
console the Rising Sun I have not played
the Arkham games yet but apparently the
Batman game got delayed and isn't coming
out until like like May or June right
okay yeah
and so I gotta I have plenty of time to
play those fucking games Ont of time
I will be playing them maybe on stream
maybe I'll play them extreme that'll be
a good excuse to blame how can I sleep
with the prostitute and Leisure Suit
Larry without dying I think you probably
have to find a common Oh idea don't know
if you can oh yeah or just how about
just don't sleep with the prostitute is
that an option Frank don't remember the
solutions to every puzzle in that game I
don't I'm sure it might be nothing just
an ox legal there J cuz you've probably
never heard of it the object of the
adventure game Leisure Suit Larry I know
the game is to lose your virginity okay
yeah yeah I think I think might remain
college at that game that's why I know
it huh Oh done
vanishing mission success time to dock
Asians not over to go back to your ship
to dock oh that's fun yeah um for the
for what uh MHL 87 just said Jack arute
if you seen his Facebook account
someone has made a Facebook account
first of all I have none I don't have a
Facebook Oh someone has made a Facebook
account ID oh the same picture of rich
Evans everyday oh that's not an original
idea is it not there was another one on
a blog that's the same picture of Dave
Coulier everyday oh I think it's still
going then by the way this sucks
you can't just take the same idea and
put a new thing at it that's not how
things work
you see if they're still doing yeah
they're still doing it it Coulier one
same picture of everyday I'm like I
don't know how long this has been going
on
did they rent it I wonder if they wrote
like a script to automatically do it
who do they type something new with it
it would make sense if it was a script I
would appreciate it more if they just
manually did it every day oh it's at the
exact same time every day so it's
probably just this yeah
excite I mean it's still funny but
that's good yeah
that's for the funny look at the rich
Evans one it looks like a tight a little
something with the picture of which is
he's looking it up I go to Facebook that
corn that'll never not be funny yeah I'm
really glad by the way a bunch of people
are just coming back now from having
watched unedited footage of a bear oh
good it's great and they sang I don't
know how to feel now it's true - damn it
uh-oh here we go
wow it is almost 300 lights there you go
oh it's the guy DVD picture him good one
funny one well I don't want to started
this with a superimposed could make face
next to the because that wasn't an
actual video somebody made that oh
really I know it's sort of a meme down
for a while okay 

[Part II]
okay Telecom that's a weird question
Jack do you watch post-apocalyptic TV
show what it is our TV show called
post-apocalyptic maybe I doubt there is
the question do I only watch one might I
don't watch i don't watch anything
currently on TV now i do not sit down
and watch anything on TV that only
Netflix or next day on YouTube like I
watch Daily Show on Conan next day on
YouTube if I have the time I'm sorry I
just don't watch TV so yeah I guess the
answer is no like I've seen you know I'm
I think I'm current on Walking Dead so
that's a post-apocalyptic TV show now
we've got good again I refuse to believe
that we've talked about it's almost air
something I Walking Dead I just kind of
zone out now so
we all know that season two of Walking
Dead suck super big-time yes it gets
good okay I can't I don't know if I want
to invest the time to get back into it
and by the way that's understandable
yeah there's only so much time is that
me so much time like I tried other
post-apocalyptic TV show by that rumor
revolution no that's the one where all
the power went out
it lasted for half a season okay I
wasn't a miniseries there's no show it
was an actual show and the gimmick was
all the power run out remember when they
did that on NBC on Thursday night and
the 90s they had a night where the power
went out and all those refused to do it
cuz they're like fuck that too gimmicky
shit but it was like friends
and we lose on at the time man about you
having about you and then whatever the
show after Seinfeld was at that time
didn't do it cycle didn't do it fuck
that Seinfeld which I am okay I guess to
answer your question so again I don't
rely do i watch one post-apocalyptic TV
show on Netflix
but now I'm out of it so I don't want it
anymore you know what I'm watching now a
whole bunch of The Binding of Isaac
rebirth on my Vita Wow my wife watches
something else that's what I watched
it's great
wake up day I've obtained that was the
update right I got missiles quick update
thank you for your time thank you for
playing space quest beautiful taters you
can i'm lunch eat just mention the fargo
TV show i have not seen it yet i want to
okay I very much want to but it looks
interesting so something that's on now
uh yeah it was on for a season I'm
assuming it'll have a second season
because I think it went over pretty well
I don't know much about it I know it's
not just like an adaptation and it's
like different characters and stuff oh
I'm curious I'm curious about it I'm not
seen it yet
are we gonna say Jack I don't know you
forget already
was I in the middle of something matters
you were about to say something and then
virtual and we started talking about
laughs oh and I thought that was a that
was a funny joke to me whatever I was
gonna say a genuine I'm sure it was but
who cares I'm sure it'll come up again
someone is asking if I like the
residence and I've never seen that so I
don't know that's a band president then
no no you don't like them or I do and I
have never heard them out Ivan I don't I
don't pay attention to music sorry
I like music I like listening to music
you know I've been listened to a lot of
lately because it gets me pumped Aesop
Rock oh yeah it gets me motivated I
listen to none chef ass it was because I
find that motivates me bad what is that
for New Year's um possibly it's also no
no we're talking about it's also
possibly for the next best of the worst
Oh awesome
I not be capturing
Segura gar why I asked a very important
question why does Jack only respond to
questions about himself because I'm I'm
weird if you responded to questions
about other people
I don't think you do well you know
someone asked me a question I will
respond to the question oh and if
someone asks you are the one that's
actually reading the chant I'm ringing
the chat and by the way if you asked
rich a question and I think it's a good
question I will ask which the question
for you but and Jay is sometimes reading
the chat and so I will not ask Jay a
question unless I find it particularly
interesting and then I will make sure he
hears it you know this is all yeah
and for anyone I forgot what I'm saying
see for for example a for Jay asks Jack
where was rich born I know the answer to
this in a hospital what you're welcome
you're here first bolts you are welcome
I don't even remember what what hospital
I was born yeah I don't know what legend
you would remember right I can think of
I know I'm gonna get blown up this time
Oh see there we go climb Fandango asks a
really good question rich yeah
are there spikes in this game I I will
always who is shooting all those fucking
missiles at me
no idea no idea I have not seen a
talking cat the movie I'm not seeing it
either we have a copy of it someone sent
it to us yeah
I have a feeling it's long it's a movie
I've seen the trailer it's dirty when
Ava Dakota who did you kill her I by the
way that guy makes like 10 movies a year
got awesome but I have family that's the
movie that's funny just like the fact
that the title is talking cat I have a
feeling the movie is not going to be
terribly 20th
sure but I haven't seen it I can't say
I'm sure we'll watch it eventually
either for best the worst or just some
night yeah
who knows if you die again yeah you
don't want this game is this the same
mission no oh as the Colin asks a very
interesting question
he says Jack asked rich to ask me what
my favorite gaming memory is so rich
instead I'm gonna say rich what is my
favorite gaming memory your favorite
gaming memory is is playing TIE fighter
Oh weird I couldn't come up with a joke
fast enough
sometimes what you just gotta commit to
it how to commit
oh yes I'm talking can I actually know
this because I know weird things
director David Dakota his next-door
neighbor's with Eric Roberts his Eric
Roberts does the voice in the cat sure
so it was literally David Dakota just
calling his neighbor no Eric Roberts and
saying hey did you record this voiceover
will do it in like 15 minutes and so he
just went over to his house and record
it in this house yeah like 20 minutes or
something that's great there's Eric
Roberts will hear they do anything
whiplash cam says it's too bad Jack
didn't realized the residents question
was probably to ask about his comments
on the clear I'm at you know that was
Josh that made the residents coming Josh
is the music guy he commented Kristen
the residents their albums they have the
their album covers say these giant ie
heads the end when you see like the the
I temple and all the eyes a judge made a
comment that it's the worst residents
album cover that was Josh that was not
Jack that would make sense
Josh knows a lot of things about music
yes yes he knows lots of things about
lots of things that's why he's called
the wizard oh shit I'd die nakum sure
Billy hecka what's your favorite game
sure
talk about Twin Peaks amore I feel like
I've exhausted my love for to it Peaks
and talking about it Jack would you ask
me to ask you to ask the chat why the
chat is asking us to ask other people in
the same room to answer questions twelve
Oh see that's an interesting question
what episode of Twin Peaks should I show
my friend to convince him to like it ah
the first episode the pilot that's what
gets you into it
asked to be the violin yeah that's what
gets you invested in the mystery no
mystery that should have never been
solved but they did they the studio
precious they do solve the mystery yeah
yeah if the whole idea was that they
were never going to there's really the
show was who killed Laura Palmer but
that was just a framework to hang all
these characters and meet all these
people yeah and it was just never gonna
be resolved it would just be something
that will be in the background for the
entire run of the show but that is not
something that's appealing to a network
or to a general audience so other times
the second season started they were like
you gotta you gotta wrap this up you got
to solve who killed Laura Palmer right
so I about halfway through the season
they did that and it was great but then
they had no fucking clue what to do next
but I show the floundered for most of
the second half of the second season so
the show does have a resolution it just
overstays its welcome face of it that
storyline has a resolution which it
never write it wasn't intended to have
and then after that they just had no
idea what to do with it
yeah so that that's when it really
suffers and it gets very bad for ya but
I think with any TV show you you kind of
have to start with the first one
especially this one which yes which you
need the myth the mystery is the entire
premise energy just mystery it
introduces all the characters properly
and it's a great piece of filmmaking
like I mean I know and I think it was
released in other countries as a film
they shot a different ending for it and
release it just as its own standalone
brendi movie
it's really effective as that
what oh it was just a long question big
Ron asks Mary blog big Ron okay Jay mind
out of the gutter and I'm just making
sure I'm just trying to clarify these
people aren't writing filthy screenings
just asking general like power are are
you enjoying streaming video games what
made you start this is there anything
you guys would like to achieve with this
channel the next 12 months like I had to
read that a couple times just to make
sure that it wasn't like click here to
get more viewers oh sure
are those fans yeah but I mean I've been
enjoying it
yeah it's fun huh way video game stock
hangout
I never know what my my goal is I just
go and do things that's my problem in
life
I need more goals yeah chat what do you
think my goal should be with a streaming
channel my targeting got I made many my
targeting my mic piloting gunshot you
can you can take like system damage
I couldn't steer oh oh really yeah yeah
you know we have no goals like right
we're not going to like do some sort of
like cheesy gimmick to get more viewers
or subscribers or anything
hopefully we'll we'll just continue
doing what we're doing in people that's
kind of what you do maybe we get better
at it and it slowly grows I don't know
yeah well and hopefully we have been
getting better at it as we learned the
system obviously you know visually this
stream is a bit of a clusterfuck but
mostly it's working and as we get to
know these software our problem was we
we filmed prereq episode before this and
we should instead of like getting things
to work beforehand it's true
we were we were working on the next
prereq episode before the stream and we
got busy with that once again you're
gonna come out here we may as well kill
two birds with one stone
absolutely exactly exactly Lucky Strikes
our gimmick is being entertaining
hopefully yeah semi entertaining in an
attitude terribly entertaining way you
know which we do try to entertain and
tell stories and we mostly fail that's
okay
absolutely failure is always an option
no no not that keen though oh sure
I'm just hearing you quietly go what and
yeah sometimes you guys ask weird
questions and I kind of love that and
kind of freaks me out sometimes repto
flux says jack have you ever killed an
elk if so with what weapon no killer
easy we're open the country they sure
down there I guess we don't have many
elk here in Wisconsin especially
southern Wisconsin yeah I'm being
targeted so no I have never killed an
elk have you ever hit a deer driving
through the country I've never hit a
beer not really knock on wood for that
fucking every time I see there's deer
crossing signs even like when I'm in
like the suburbs fucking oh I don't know
if I told the story before but I was
driving I was visiting a friend out of
town with Karen and blend up in a rural
area and Karen was kind of feeling sick
that day yeah she some kind of neck make
she ended up finding out she had mono
but I and I ended up just driving on my
own do up a pharmacy
okay there's medicine and I'm striving
down this world rural rural can't talk
rural road never road rural road
building rural road and suddenly just
like suddenly the road turned like pink
the whole road and I like like half a
block up right in the middle of the road
was half a deer lying there like that
thing must have got hit by a semi and
full speed yeah cuz I don't even know
where the fuck the other half went by
literally half a deer that's that's one
of my - disgusting deer stories okay
other time okay no cars are involved at
all on this one uh-huh but I'm just
walking through the forest preserve I'm
minding my face - like to go just for
once sure when I was younger
came the teenager itch so I'm just
walking through the forest preserve I'm
I'm observing nature that one one with
nature and I I saw off into the distance
like ways ahead of me was a deer leg
just just a deer leg and so I'm like
walking along and I'm kind of like
staring at this leg my head's kind of
Turner does I'm walking by and I'm like
where where is the rest of the deer a
fine question and I'm pondering this not
like a well and then I turn back look
forward I almost stepped in the rest of
it like literally in because this deer
was pretty rotten I thought almost went
in a rotten deer Oh chest cavity
so I took one large step went over it
almost throughout them and I started
walking home this is the thing by the
way deer are big yes they do damage to
your vehicle yes you is this a common
thing because you your whole family grew
up in the country right was is it a
common thing now like if you're home for
the holidays or something where when
you're leaving they say watch out for
deer no no my family does like they live
in the country too sure it's yeah
whenever I'm leaving watch out for deer
and they say because everyone at my
family has hit a deer at some point
driving out there was this Easter this
year might have an Easter a carpooled
with my sister gave my parents for
Easter and as we're leaving and watch
out for deer watch over deers everybody
always says that we're driving and we're
talking about how everybody always says
that and we're commenting on the fact
that neither my sister nor me has ever
hit a deer out there literally right
then just as we're talking about the
fact that we've never had neither of us
have ever hit a deer love timing yeah it
was it was perfect comedic timing
luckily didn't do any damage to the car
the deer ran off so the deer was
apparently ok oh I'm sure it has
internal bleeding and it died shortly
after
but in my eyes it get it gallivanting
away okay okay would have happened I
could I could have by the way leftover
beef cake says riches dear story is now
so many film starring to Franco mildly
funny yeah that's why I said it was
except that's all I got no and you know
I just I mean did your family did did
your family also grew up in a rural area
I guess he didn't grow up we they moved
out there later and maybe that's the
difference where it's like my family was
from a rural area and so it was just
known it was okay deer are just around
okay yeah okay that makes sense but
because you know they've been out there
long enough now where it should just
become but it's still every time
anyone's leaving drive careful look out
for deer say it all the time because
they're fucking everywhere it's true
it's true also if you guys would like to
watch something adorable go on YouTube
and look up deer deer deer deer deer
deer as if you're writing a rder yoga as
if you were writing a letter to a deer
Oh what's her name a comedian who's on
Garfunkel no it's Kate Micucci I don't
know she was she's a comedian
she plays a ukulele she has all song
cope dear dear if she is a part of the
duo yes
so she's the shorter dark-haired one yes
okay and she has a cute little ukulele
song called dear dear and it's adorable
alright the key Minuten Manucci nicki
minaj nicki minaj has a song called deer
deer and it's great that does not sound
nearly smutty enough to be
and did you do like I'm dodging missiles
oh my god I could never make it as a TIE
fighter pilot um unless they had an
elaborate system of catching all of my
throw-up
do you see what's going on here like
just look at him spinning around oh boy
maybe that's why they wear those masks
it's not a breather it's just to catch
all the flow of the TIE fighters have oh
my god they need the dwarf don't says
barf anymore barb always like barf barf
I just said it but you said it after I
said no but I was going to say it
anyways gonna say it in 25 years it's
true
that's really true that's really sure
for that for those asking what my
favorite Hall and Oates
song is the answers all I find a hollow
notes to be incredibly underrated man
add some good tunes who is your favorite
Hall or oats which one has mustache oats
I honestly don't know they're great
though um this is an interesting
question that the Rising Sun asks to us
yeah is there I'm gonna dire straits
here okay rich might have to answer
later okay
go ask question the question is is there
such a thing as a good bad game much
entry way it because you have to play
this game is so awful you know if I ever
play big rigs off the road racing I will
tell you oh yes I've heard that game yep
there's that one there's the one where
there's like the Sons of Anarchy game or
than where you play as a motorcycle
outlaw guy that's supposed to be
notoriously
put G and bad I don't know I don't know
if you can enjoy it the same way you can
enjoy a bad movie just cuz a bad movie
is eventually over I just need to
game and it's more of a passive you're
just watching it you're not experiencing
a experienc eNOS yes so the quite the
answer is maybe tryna I'm trying to
think of a good of a good bad game like
a game that well that's it like we watch
bad movies no boob rambo last blood
would not count because rambo last blood
is amazing and brilliant that's right
it's delivered whatever the rim whatever
rambo last blood is it's deliberate yes
yes they knew what they were making
right and a vision the same with QWOP
like Burt yeah co-op where it's like
it's designed to be what it is yeah this
needs to be a game that just fails at
whatever it was trying and you you gain
enjoyment from the film yes I'm sure I
would imagine this it would be difficult
now the same as enjoying a bad movie
right but I obviously not qualified to
speak on video games but I would imagine
it would be harder to find something
that works on that same level right
where it's it's bad in such a perfect
way that there's comedy to be had from
it's bad yes I cannot think of a good
enough example because most most of time
is just frustrating there I mean I mean
there are notorious ones event like V
the Superman 64 you know there was a
Superman game for the Nintendo 64 yeah
it's really bad notoriously I don't
think that's entertaining though right
no the AVGN game was just bad yeah
oh yeah there's just people are saying
Deadly Premonition people always talk
about that game I know mister that's
come up before isn't that's yeah that's
just what you guys say when we waited
for anything by the way family
premonition no again don't shit your
pants was one of those games that was
purposeful everything he was purposeful
it's stylistically designed to be that
one good yeah real horror stories was
hysterically inept game making but we
were laughing we were like oh you're
playing oh yeah that was we're not sure
whether or not that was designed to be
that way because somebody mentioned
April for release that April for those
didn't I tell you they got ahold of me
oh no who did those horror story people
the maker of real horror stories
Ultimate Edition
sent me a YouTube message what saying
that they're big fans I thought I'd
mentioned this I know this is I'm really
sorry
Wow saying that you know they saw that
we stream the game and the term was
sorry sorry for creating the game
they're big fans of red letter media
okay they said we were a bit harsh well
to be fair we were a bit harsh we were
that's really true and then he went on I
assume he went on to list reasons why we
didn't like the game we're kind of for
younger audience it was mass to be
played you know like a lone and the dark
in a different experience other bullshit
but the person was serious okay listing
off a litany of excuses of why we played
the game wrong and it's actually a good
game we've all wrong bullshit
well first of all now twitch plays
pokemon is saying we need to play Deadly
Premonition so oh no maybe we do I'll
trust you to do my Pokemon because you
made a really cool thing and I I don't
know that's is Deadly Premonition the
game that people were saying reminding
them of twenty peaks or is that a
different game yes
Deadly Premonition is Twin Peaks is
Mother's oh okay but it's bad is it a
bad cable reason I can't own shit your
pants where it's purposeful this is the
question I did I will listen to twitch
plays Pokemon sorry take the birthday
boy people are talking about this deadly
premonition yeah japanese twin p not any
between humans as was made by the
Japanese okay well mall radical I know
you're cooler I'll listen to you do
American twin peaks' isn't really
American bride even Lynch makes foreign
films in his own country
Oh was that you Alejandra 42 i retweeted
the drawing you made of rich and I of
spooky rich and I I didn't know that was
you i retweeted it I thought it was cute
we're skeletons and we died because they
management so bad it's good we timed
because why because aliens was so bad no
isolation was so bad
did you oh you're not on the Twitter
said it made you died man just died I
see you're not on the Twitter no I'm not
rich isn't on the Twitter so he didn't
see a thing every tweet my goals
completed I'm just getting out of here
no I died oh okay
a fearful sludge boy yes I'm very
familiar with Jair Bookwalter he
actually distributed Mike enriches
oranges movie which is now out of print
but I knew of him from high school
because he produced a series of movies
that were the first shot on video movies
that I ever saw available in a video
store it's like you can do this it kind
of changed it changed my life a little
bit so yeah I appreciate Jerry Buchalter
the first shot on video movie I ever saw
the D produced was called bloodletting
starring Tina Kraus who later went on to
be in our film the recovery so that was
kind of Anita anything is somewhat
inspirational that they are Bookwalter
although i don't know how many movies
I've seen that he actually directed I've
seen lots of these prisoners
it seems that next killer more more
aware of the stuffy priest oh yeah you
can shoot a movie on video and get it
into a video store my life discovered
this and there were bad movies right
look he's an okay little booby mm-hmm
we just didn't have we didn't have a
video store we didn't have a little
video store
yeah we had a lot more air again no I
there was lots of independent little
video stores around me growing up it was
wonderful time
sure even as a kid I hated blockbuster
and I don't know like I didn't
understand the idea of like I'm like I'm
a bigger corporate chain like I didn't
even register to me I just didn't like
it it felt more sterile they didn't have
the weird stuff and it really can I
didn't like blockbuster
yep not until not until I moved into the
city yeah and video stores began to die
out oh sure and there was a great little
video store right down the street from
us the first like a little a little flat
my now wife and I had in the city and
there was a storm right down the street
it was fantastic in all sorts of weird
movies and DVDs it's just like this is
why people love video stores yeah as
likely six months later they went out of
business because every video store
business and it was beautiful
favorite video store growing up there
every Friday night was a dollar video
they had a cult the section that's how I
discovered John Waters I discovered
David Lynch weird weird French movies
like all sorts of crazy stuff but they
never had there's a couple movies that I
always wanted to see once I started to
get interested in my cult movies and
different types of filmmakers they
didn't have John Waters from female
trouble okay which I always heard was
his best movie and he didn't have a
racer head those are my two movies that
I could not find anywhere that seems
weird and then I moved in Milwaukee
there was in the property remember the
prospect mall yeah they had a video
store and they had female trouble rented
to me first thing I did when I moved up
here and they had a cock it was likely
you had cartons and you took the card up
to the register and then they gave me
the VHS tape ah they had the card for
Eraserhead but they never had movie I
don't know if it was like someone rented
it never bought it back right so that
was for the longest time Eraserhead was
like my Holy Grail but I need to see
this movie big J moves to the big city I
moved to the big city I get to see the
John Waters film gonna raise your hand I
finally saw a racer head cuz a friend's
roommate had laid out at the VHS copy
that they let me borrow it
finally saw it there's stills everything
I don't for what is the one in river
what River was filming video oh yeah
just a little video store and is that
still good it's as far as I know okay I
haven't been that way a couple years but
I believe they still rent or DHS
okay which is I mean there well there's
some stuff that's not available any
other way there's some stuff that never
made its a TV oh yes Atlas is dead I
have seen the Artemus bridge simulator
rich if you see that bridge simulator no
I have none it's it's like an FTL
but it's from a first-person point of
view and so like you know Battlestar
Galactica yeah like how they had an
entire bridge mmm it's you have to
control stuff but you're in a
first-person point of view so you
actually have to like walk around to
different sections to control them huh
it looks interesting so rich now I will
show him after the stream yes I'm not
going to stop this transition it does
look very interesting we'll see how it
pans on the XR of video games
elaborate on that question the Rising
Sun makes generally great video games
ooh who's that but they want to know who
we think is that I know yeah anything is
the Pixar video I don't know if there is
one yeah but Pixar is also they have a
specific niche and they are very good at
3d animation like that's the thing where
it's like so I think your question is a
little more complicated than you mean is
there anybody though who you would trust
100% every game they came out with
anything about Pixar now when it comes
to movies for a lot while they're sure
sure play always tends to have a good
game play a closing remark of the ninja
shank one into the invisible ink
yeah yeah that clay plays pretty good I
obviously really like Edmund McMillen
who did super meatboy binding Isaac time
for CAC and other such flash games yeah
valve has always put out good stuff I
guess we can also though people who made
good games like Pixar but then it
started to falter what are they doing
now I
I think they're owned by somebody else
and I think Carmack is involved anymore
and so like Lassiter went on to head
Disney and kind of little Pixar
John Carmack has has left in a software
sure
I know Rage wasn't the most popular game
in the world but before rage there was
Wolfenstein 3d that played when before
doom came out I was amazed by
Wolfenstein 3d which is like which is
like the old windows maze screensaver
with Nazis oh yeah then then they came
out with the other doom and quake they
could do no wrong for a long time it and
and then kind of like you know rage see
quite a sure
I don't know I guess I
yeah it's that's a weird question Pixar
games
okay and it's not just that like making
niche games that are always good but
making niche games that are always good
it made the niche games that became
mainstream they created the damn
first-person shooter so that I guess it
wouldn't be yeah because that's what
Pixar did they made the animation quirky
independent ish got blocked by somebody
else then things started to go downhill
there you go I don't I think somebody
bought out here I could be wrong there
you go that I think that sounds right
then it's it made something new and
different we're taking a break and then
doing something different
where was that oh oh that would be
appropriate it was cold back
are we doing what taking a break and
then playing a different game sure we
can do that hey guys we're gonna take a
break and play a different game so get
out of here rich cuz you guys stopped us
traitor yeah oh yes I am I'm just gonna
charge now I know that's weird
yeah weird bethesda bond in there say
yeah
oh they want you to scan more contain
your ships I'll play something else
Oh God hey guys well you guys are you
guys you know I'll take the break we'll
read the chant yeah are you guys loving
TIE fighter do you want to see something
else that's the question I proposed to
you but we're going on break now thank
you bye bye

[Part III]
and now where can
wait no I think it's dry but here's just
the robot
okay well the things are and but I guess
the next blanket
what what Wow oh it's I think we're I
think if you think tonight's and it's
working great okay okay turn on the
stupid game I bought this game for like
less than a less than two bucks if it
sucks we can quit in something else okay
Oh izombie hi zombie we're doing
Frankenstein the video game do you know
the premise Cayuse to join this looks
like a joypad game it's not an option
nope that is not an option that's what
fuck you do joypad alright you know it's
fine that's fine I'm forward a mouse and
keyboard but move alright I am moving
I'm gonna eat eat automatically okay no
he's a zombie
okay oh that was easy next level oh
there's buttons your attack oh it tells
the guys to attack and stop oh and
follow me isn't that your that you're
the king of the zombies yes this is oh
my god those guys have guns that's true
I'm liking it so far
no well I was just seeing if people do
waiting no I was just double-checking
all right okay kogami turn around
oh what's the range you good things to
know now they're asking if you can play
Angry Birds next angrist is a good game
shut up um Angry Birds is like I'm like
a million dollar industry now yeah yes
it's lab Angry Birds even though they've
never played Angry Birds it's well they
have cartoons down
oh they're cartoons yeah I know there's
a Khloe's house five part of like their
apps and shit is like watching like
regularly updated cartoons we have no
what the fuck coming up we do right all
of Ryerson illustration now thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it Ned Ryerson
you know we all need okay this is not as
easy as it looks you're gonna save
yourself like when you're losing it I um
be so i ashamed in that if something
against I'm terrible help
now this is casual and Podrick oh
definitely
nice yeah this is the category that's
fine oh they're asking for no no that's
probably not wait it was that's very
clever
oh it's neat
I wanna get so far okay it's it's you
know it's a $2.00 game yes that's
exactly what it looks like a different
set of expectations yes I can do
regenerate oh I do
oh you did well you're a zombie so
zombies don't regenerate they just they
deteriorate yeah do this yeah
and still regenerate it seems you're
cheap well didn't we just talk about I
guess but rich use your tactics then I
would just run forward into the gunfire
exactly technically I am thinking like a
zombie I guess zombies aren't supposed
to think
yeah the Ocho knows this probably is
someone's first GameMaker game it looks
cheap but it's fine but you know what it
looks cheap and it is cheap rich this is
gonna blow your new graphics card you
should turn down the quality for a
little bit this isn't worth dedicating
too much time to okay
then holds enormous hit me an escape
from the Black Lodge with Twitter
related games in the dish or is it just
like a fan main thing I made a lot of
songs
this scientist is important too
they have machine guns now oh by the way
I'm gonna make a quick sales pitch for
the official red letter media model
openers
oh they're bottling quality bottle first
they also doubled perfectly for screwing
and unscrewing and tripod head mouths
really and I didn't have my tool on me
and so it's just like that but it works
perfectly smaller there's the perfect
flat head screwdriver it's a multi-use
tool and that's why we got absolutely
specifically City
this game good to art it's already
monogamous
already oh but whiskey Janice a good
question is will they open bottles but
sometimes yeah usually can decide
unreliable when opening bottles but when
unscrewing it's free on the private and
dry my head mouths
now it's asking me to do stealth people
are saying the music store
anything raping people leftover leftover
view K exam yay
now FTL you know it's a it's actually
you know we're getting there
we're hearing to FTL anymore wolf to
something else
unless you get well you have to get the
scientists we've tried so hard
I know how to do it
is that all I have to do I hope that's
all I have to do if I had to get the
rest of these guys that's people maybe
they're killing about the music being
too loud oh you know that's this is the
real problem you see the people you're
as unreliable as our bottle openers
don't need game audio just reviewed for
mice it looks like it's a little loud
still I turned it down then you see the
green bars I don't look hey guys it's
almost off okay if that's too wild well
as far as you love perhaps they're
saying it's too loud because they don't
like I don't know that I do either this
is this is a buck and a half I could
have spent in a gumball yeah we price
overpriced gumball that was gonna be my
next question is is how expensive are
your gumballs how are you doing it
you gotta look you go to the nice part
of town yeah it's a good gumball sure
there is a noticeable difference you're
right
you did it rich you beat the level yeah
yeah Atlas is dead I think you're right
it's not too loud it's just on its
troops octave G wait are we talking
about Daleks versus the Borg
oh yeah Daleks would be able to take out
a Borg or two before they adapt Jack is
wrong and it wasn't Daleks it was
Cybermen octo Jay get it right Cyberman
versus the Borg Jay is playing house
phone of the participating in this
portion
he's gotta be conducting business he's
doing important business I do it do you
business yes here's the thing Daleks
would beat the Borg such as the board
would beat Cybermen because Daleks had
better weapons than Cybermen Cybermen
are just unstoppable robot men yeah yes
what a Cyberman problem is the Doctor
Who it's Olga
it's from no Dalek Daleks have better
weapons so they Daleks could be the Borg
or could be Cybermen rock paper scissors
Daleks Cybermen board
what's wrong with you many things follow
me follow me follow me follow me follow
me follow me 500 talking of zombie well
now he's up now he's a confusing one
stop home is top snack attack stop
follow a tank fellow stop hey you think
if you do that enough eventually like
your your guys will just leave
they say fuck it fuck this guy that's
doing this I see you're right
Daleks can time travel so they could go
back in time and kill the first Borg and
then the doctor wouldn't stop them
because technically they're doing good
by killing the board and I like nerdy
things but this is just yeah the worst
this is the worst geez just doctor who's
is pretty nerdy it's it's nerdier than
most nerd thing because it's British
it's okay ooh take the birthday boy has
a really important question who would
win a fight the mighty robots of
Battlestar Galactica or the gay robots
of Star Wars which ones are the gay ones
are we just saying well like c-3po
because he's prissy and I never do cable
car was gay no he's not gay I mean he's
a robot he's not anything this is the
thing I'm sorry to spoil your fanfiction
Victor birthday but robots they don't
fuck
yeah except for fuck bond acceptor fuck
body forever yeah absolutely no
connection
Futurama fuck Oh may have robot babies
somehow need to actually watch Futurama
yes you never never cease quality really
that's quality here it's good you've
never seen any of you ever seen a minute
that's shocking it's consistently shit
Oh J they're coming your robe honest of
rowboats I'm not I don't dislike robots
I just understand them they don't have
the same mentality or desires humans
purchase the same urges the same sexual
urges they don't have those cuz they're
robots they're robosexuals what the
section what they're saying all right
Oh Jude Law was a sex robot in AI and a
sexy sex robot the sex robot was he Jude
Law I know he was in that movie but what
did you remember he was a pleasure bot
oh really yeah I don't think I've seen
that since the theater Oh
not once I thought it was over then it
kept going and I wished it was over and
I said all right I've seen that yep no I
love the theater never thought about
isms that Jude Law man crush on Jude Law
I haven't everything crush on jukebox
okay that's a good-looking man what's he
doing lately
look I haven't seen you two on a good
question I feel like he was just in
something or maybe I just want ji I
don't know every night I watch it'll oh
like all the time
that's right he was in judo a movie a
little movie he was just he was just in
what they're gonna tell me all right I'm
almost done with this game
oh that's right he wasn't great grand
budapest hotel yeah
listen turbo Jesus 5000 kind of a dumb
question who would win in a fight han
solo or Indiana Jones on solo it has a
laser gun Jones has a regular gun who's
cooler
who's cooler Oh Indiana fucking Jones
yes I said it
what makes him cooler though that's a
good I'm still debating this I don't
know but what one would you say makes
him cool fedora
yeah honey that's pretty a pretty
superficial reason all right all right
if not cooler then he's the more fun
character that I enjoy more okay
I would watch an Indiana Jones Adventure
sooner than I would watch a solo
han Solo adventures more interested in
adventures
yeah solo is sort of like dragged along
I guess against it like it's not his
first priority
sure but Han Solo has had previous and
you know the time he had to dump his
cargo because the Empire had to close
I'm sure that was a great tale yeah you
know I'm gonna agree with you that
Indiana Jones is a cooler character okay
yeah I think I don't know how to
quantify that it's just a gut thing sir
and sometimes that's all you need well I
think Indiana Jones has more of a drive
yeah he does and so therefore he is more
of a character
who would shoot first into Iran they
both shoot first that guy with the sword
and raiders shoots that's so great
great is Greg Indiana Jen sleeps with
teenagers no they're in college
no they're college age people and he
doesn't sleep with any of them right
they just all want him they just all
wanted bad yeah can you blame him how
many levels did you make it I don't know
five six oh here's a good reason why
Indiana Jones is cooler he murders more
people well hung murders Greedo yes
he helps murder other people but he's
that the the the direct cause of
someone's death nearly as much as
Indiana German he murders the one Thai
fighter for sure okay you're - yeah I
got - you're grasping at straws with
absolute I'm not well I was trying to do
the murder count okay
Indiana Dunes Marie Anne Jennifer's Way
more people absolutely countless people
I'm not I'm sure someone has counted all
of you people that Indiana Jones is
there's a murder cow in the blanket
review is there yeah me and Jones in the
kingdom of the Crystal Skull thank you
I don't want your stuff I've only heard
passing comments in this point guru I'm
sure he's a good review yeah there is a
murder tally
so here's the thing I really didn't
remember that and I was being a little
facetious that some nerd had made it
some nerd did it was reference yeah
also people yeah of course I've seen
their reviews that was me being joke
okay yeah well you just forgot about
that fortunately I forgot about that
specific moment in the review

[Part IV]
it was a reference yeah
also people yeah of course I've seen
their reviews that was me being joke
okay well you just forgot about that
fortunately I forgot about that specific
moment in the review I don't remember
anything about your right view but I am
NOT a fan of RL I mean you know they hit
their hit or miss and solo gets to have
space sex with Princess Leia and Indiana
Jones gets to have sex with everyone yes
every single female
yeah you don't see Han with any other
ladies though although I believe in the
original in the George Lucas's original
footage she's making out with a woman at
the cantina oh yeah yeah
I think that footage exists somewhere
made Cena sure can't even remember but
know any other girl he's getting way
more ladies yes
han Solo is basically like a slimeball
and in Star Wars yeah is a lucky lucky
man that a princess wants a bit of his
bill and Indiana Jones
like you said gets all the hot college
girls he was and chooses not to because
he's an adult
yes so what are we fighting now
pac-man Championship Edition yeah
so much packing a little bit of Manning
even meet the ghost yeah well you know
what it's only a pimp ride to us
someone sang-hun has a pimp ride yeah
it's supposed to be a ugly hunk of junk
to everybody else in the world don't
distract me we'll unpack Manning I just
got you
are you guys getting like glitchy bad so
not this game another game stream can
handle jetpack never game
alright weird straight it looks like
it's streaming fun yeah you're not
getting any dropped frames alright well
that's okay we'll do something else this
is just aspirin well let me know let me
know internet spike it's better now okay
yeah they're saying okay is this just
the classic game with updated there's
some differences like the maze is kind
of ship around yeah I said like there's
there there's not pebbles everywhere
by the way is a pretty great character
in the newspaper
there's no arms or legs makes me do
thank you
thanks I had been versions of Oban I've
seen yet even in the original arcade
cabinet jackets yeah it's totally Canon
Batman can't he's pretty great he's much
better than the Sonic Sonic is a
terrible character in Smash Brothers you
know why too fast
none of them are as good as a little Mac
little mag from punch-out guy oh oh yeah
your fight your fighter with the green
bugs and punch Evan look at him he rips
it up consumers we play in hippo but
your mega smash King Hippo Zhang shun I
mean you'd be king
he's like pants I'm not gonna go as far
as to call me chump because I think
that's disrespectful to other jumpers
but you know it's a bit of a pushover no
turbo Jesus I don't have a favorite
character in and booze man froze I like
them all I'm really disappointed that
the pokemon trainer is gone though
I really liked playing as a pokemon
trainer so normally in Superman as I see
your eyes I don't know it's a fight and
I know that okay I know that this
characters from different antenna
franchises you know I just don't know
anymore pokemons gotcha
so no but normally it's bad for others
your one character okay the last
iteration for the Wii of Smash Brothers
we got to play as the pokemon trainer
but the trainer didn't actually fight
the trainers again kid he just threw out
one of so you could fight it as one
Pokemon taken back bring out a different
Pokemon Tomatoes it was a really moved
interesting place and that goes it
randomized which Pokemon either are you
to pick which one you could pick and
they all have slightly different moves
and complemented each other so you know
you can do something damage as Charizard
and then you have in any case they got
rid of him for this one in favor of just
running for Pokemon what the fuck is
this game is fucking pac-man never
underestimate the power of stupidity
that has a day job wait exactly
those 11b fold okay I'm not considered
an official member of Arlen well he says
on a serious note on a serious note
though why isn't Jack considered an
efficient monger Holland I didn't know
we had an official listing yeah there is
no one whose official you know mr. group
people but we never make them that's
true we don't have written documents
wait there's not a scroll not to my
knowledge I was told specific we can
make one just for fun it'll be like a
crack day oh this is new yeah we'll make
a have some great interstellar cop it's
gulping I'm not gonna give any more
information than that what what you're
talking about a general no a few by
didn't get my decoder ring and I'm a
little pissed off if there's a decoder
ring Jay was there a decoder ring it's
for the real actual members of our life
the secret society anytime buddy nice
how about nothing I guess talk about
anything like officially I would come on
sure
yes and we will absolutely film craft
day every day is craft day really it's
true rich was doing some crafts earlier
you guys will see oh my god no yo turnin
Jerri laughs Jerri laughs I didn't get
the recognition he deserved
the picture room is being someone who
tried to do like complicated
choreographed slapstick okay but poor
guy that would be a great fit much much
like too many cooks as you set up like
you set up a scene in which everyone
knows you're you know you're gonna fall
down like pies pies are being delivered
sure and everything you know then a
bunch of rich fruity people come in a
bunch of you know like working-class
people
I gotta get a movie a suicide where we
set up at the beginning that it's a
vigil for a friend of those was died
okay and this was an end with cut to
black and gunshot no but there was a
vase in the middle of the room we
established early on like make sure
nobody knocks over this base and we've
got there a few times throughout the
movie so I'm gonna like knock into the
sand that's again booby and never get
broke and everybody's leaving the
apartment for the night and Mike's
character leaves he just comes back in
and picks it up and smashes it cuz I
didn't break oh is pac-man breaking the
internet again
yeah fine define fine
I mean pac-man did give me that's him
blink you know he did were you about to
smack talk blinky yeah I was bleep
blinky thinks he's hot shit uh-huh he's
not no you're right you're absolutely
right and I'm sorry for doubting did you
know Jay that pac-man was originally
called puck man I did know and they they
decided not to come fuck me because
they're you know wait wait wait you know
why they didn't call fuck that that's
that's the more interesting question you
can tell now okay so what I'm see if you
do they call they didn't call puck man
because originally arcade cabinets were
in bars and they were afraid that the
bar patrons would vandalize hey they
heard the door
he hurt me leave me come back yeah but
rich do you know why they call him puck
me don't remember cuz it sounds like
eating or something like that right
because what's the sound he makes
yeah you know - right wrist
no can i Colin oh yeah I got one more
shit if I was dead I thought it was dead
I got another life I got one more life
so this is just like a time thing like
you got a good five minutes
yeah you play for a high score basically
mmm
the the your own high score or the
online leaderboards okay
very strange
modern seeing seeing pac-man in
high-definition is very strange all of
it except for I don't know if they've
ever remade spaces I heard another wife
so I'm still in the game there's a good
run no was not it was a novel oh I don't
know what a good run is also look at the
pathetic pathetic that's the score how
like when you went well it's a timeline
and how much score what when you were
scoring how many ponies okay I don't
know if that's gonna blue represents
eating the ghosts red for the fruit yeah
yeah here's oh you're gonna stare gone
gone what here's an interesting question
yeah the Rising Sun asks yeah is can
y'all enjoy a game for its technical
aspects even if it's not really fun
No then by definition exception a fun
right I don't know game no me throw me
some examples mr. Rosas him the Rising
Sun mr. Rising Sun give me an example
yes I mean like you almost by definition
the technical aspects should be the the
things that make your game fun you know
if a game looks really pretty I think we
can say man that looks pretty that that
shitty boring game looks pretty you know
right a some you know mists typically
time the CD graphics lot everybody
yeah but I always thought it was a shit
game so so I'm still gonna say no yeah
I'm waiting for him well you know it
takes a little oh yeah I'm waiting for
him to respond I was thinking something
like la noir I don't understand why that
couldn't present the faces the faces
yeah you know like I think we can
appreciate I haven't played it so I
can't say I know I think even with the
face technology if that game is boring I
wouldn't like it but I haven't played it
I don't know what the hell
like like I can appreciate technical
achievements but that alone is not gonna
save your game
no if but if it's a boring game it's a
boring game yeah you know the I think
something I've talked about on the
screen before is the the Phantom Menace
has brought us some technical
achievements in filming oh god it paved
the way for a lot of people who were
afraid to make digital stuff that made
good stuff but synthetic not making a
good movie
oh my god there's a Blade Runner point
click adventure game yeah I want to play
that
have you played that ah no I'm familiar
with it though oh my god mostly Harrison
Ford like the script for the sequel I
saw that I thought of it but also
Harrison Ford is a hundred and twelve
years old
so is he gonna be in it or did you show
him like hey look at this thing is this
me I think the plan is for a minute
funded but also um it's being weighed by
that would mean he's not a robot then
which is it and that's an interesting
thing themselves despite all your
collector's editions he's not a robot
after all anyway yeah perfect Stranglers
like there there's different definition
you know like fondant is a subjective
thing fun that fun is definitely
subjective but if I'm not going to like
a game only because its technical
aspects we should appreciate the
technical aspects on a different level
and then you can like you can like a
game despite its technical aspects I'm
certainly my technical right now what
we'll consider love with the time
assuming you mean graphical sure yeah
like what other kind of technicalities
are you talking about like I guess the
facial thing then tell me know Harvard
sure well or it's like you know say
there was a not saying there was an
oculus rift game right oh there was one
wasn't there like there's an I could
have ripped a game where you play as a
dolphin and you're cheating off of
someone's test and you have to like look
at their test scores without being seen
by your teacher okay
a dolphin game yeah it's very strange
but where it's like yeah that game is
technically very impressive I don't know
if it's fun or not and also I don't have
I'm just an oculus rift anyway you know
like they're still only selling like
developer is that like a system
preferably prefer earlier refer
peripheral like if it is a peripherally
okay but only certain games can run in
oculus must be great for a place in the
water yes I'd love to sisters to play
star citizen with an oculus rift they
actually have their there is a like
lunar landing module in V where you have
to like look around the lunar module and
press all these different buttons
what else they got nobody oh they're
saying I like this is now supposed to be
under 300 still a lot for peripheral
uh-huh uh-huh and there's still a
peripheral that makes you sick if you
play it for too long it doesn't have
that much support I'm assuming at this
point there's not a lot of support good
try
we're gonna get innocuous rich you're
right what should the glasses very
really firm for something that doesn't
even look fun to use interesting the
user looks like just an annoyance this
weird looking thing on your face at all
times
yeah the ideas the houses will they've
been the images into the glass right is
that easy to focus on I don't know
people like it but I like it because
they like it I really like it because
it's trendy inexpensive
probably a little I agree child by
Google glass will only work with our
implants in your eyes okay that's that's
what I want something in my eye
little broadcast advertisements 24 hours
a day some great sounds can you turn
these ads off no oh oh that's my life
now I guess I just wink like in lieu of
the having a thing on your face you need
to think in your face is that true that
would be an in-your-face interface
eleven people yeah wants to know what
your best experience you've ever had
fine maybe not the best game the most
enjoyment bestest different kinds of
experiences I don't know I'm sure
probably yeah yeah getting lost in that
sucked yeah this first game I played
that really tried to be a world rather
than just a place to shoot things it was
like I was pointing out the stream the
other day there's like god this first
man who robbed this kitchen area and
there's uh just a note on the wall about
how the guy in charge of mansion doesn't
isn't happy with food the cooks been
preparing and that he should buy them at
this different market there's no
gameplay value to that note it's not a
hint that leads you to anything else you
can stop and read this note it's just a
detail they add it into the world sure
to make to make it feel like a real
place hey I've never played a game then
and that kind of world building that's
great
I think for me for a long time as most
of you know I'm a common swing I was a
console gamer I was gonna say horn okay
I was a whore for a long time I was a
console game right so that that was just
and I just thought that was all gaming
was was consoles and being a console
gamer there are certainly things that we
didn't have a few years ago mostly first
computers of course now you can't get in
fucking nothing
huh for a while we didn't have an inn so
I always thought that first-person
shooters were weird um and and and all
of them were terrible mostly because I
got motion sick whenever I played him
but then I got me an Xbox 360 hmm and I
got the orange box and I got to play
half-life 2 yeah and I got to play Team
Fortress 2 and portal and that set me on
a path of realizing that there was more
but there's more out there so you know
I'm finding that the the world the
gaming world was a lot bigger than I
thought oh really great experience I
still like consoles
why it's not another sexual I can't wait
five minutes literally for four minutes
and 15 seconds
can't Oh fine I've never played pac-man
I'll be back I mean that playpen this is
not what solo stream oh my god
oh okay okay go ahead
rich is needed for hope I mean obviously
something very chords up everyone's are
everywhere in here terrible okay all
right okay I'm playing pacman now I am
not at all any better guys don't don't
tell rich also his like his controller
is weird I don't care for it
a d-pad is rich rich poopoo is allowed
on the Xbox 360 controller I'm playing a
game that I used to okay don't get the
ghost
okay you guys wouldn't be able to hear
them
they're muffled talking in the
background talk about something daring
or an insurer I should have gotten that
bill should have gotten that I can get
this puzzle I can tell you they're
talking about stuff that's a very
important something that will affect the
future of a red letter media in general
we're gonna live one life left in two
more minutes
Ritchie's gonna be so my god I can't
believe I haven't lost yet
360 deep at its worst yeah the 360 d-pad
did you some Thackery
you
no Karluk they will not
that's your intuitive Oh apparently I'm
playing the same how do I go back a
return maybe let's see what else pac-man
has to offer this is just it this is it
this is all pac-man I mean it I know
this is all pac-man as well
this came in hey rich I'm doing great
okay I only have five more minutes left
I mean you left me with only three
minutes left I died did not do very good
okay so I get back in again let me
you're gonna just let me play pac-man
Wow how do you feel about pac-man let me
play back though have you played pac-man
yeah of course everybody's in the
circuitry it's been a while I'm not
super thrilled with this controller
I know and I don't know if it's pac-man
or their controller but the deep and
feels unresponsive but that might just
be some a pacman where it's like you
can't turn unless there's a way in turn
probably away still our brain were you
actually right right I'm learning okay
you're just making me look better
yeah that's what I'm here for
I'm brooding against you great ah it's
I'm not gonna blame oh my god I'm not
wasting that power color man not gonna
blame the controller keep the fucking
dots a dummy how hard is it
eat the fucking guys I'm not gonna blame
the controller have you played with this
controller it's a fine controller you
may be its that's more likely
and you should be using keyword okay
push up right now right now keyboards
right next to you
oh you pause it first you like this is
much better
I'm also not that good is it is it yeah
I'm pretty good back I'm getting all
these ghosts people have some pretty
insane high scores and yeah it's because
of great a pac-man and things pac-man
related
I don't know I don't understand what's
going on oh oh he was just well you know
the fuck he's blue what is blue you
thought he was an evil ghost I thought
he was an eatable ghost
you're on pac-man dumbass it's really
true
listen general I'm sorry that I can't
play that night it's 11:30
Oh 11:30 already I'll be happen the
street yeah you played that better -
didn't feel like wow when you're playing
a game you're like yeah I'm getting
those manners
did your neighbor
here's what the real key is leave the
ghost along let them let them do their
thing I'm going to get all these colors
bullshit because once you eat them then
they turn back into real ghosts yeah
let's stretch Jeff yeah yeah come on it
wanna learn their movement patterns
get out of here ghost things sure you
complete 100 that's the thing that's
gonna happen yeah yeah it's a thing you
should know about me I'm super clever no
I'm gonna win
for finish big win big win whoop-whoop
I'm done the pac-man for the knife I
don't know how much longer the streams
gonna go on the fingers are gonna be
good I think this is gonna be good for
for England for England that that
victory was for England game progress oh
look at that look at those scores
get out of here turn away also this is
it right there's no other game no
there's more patent occasions where
overturned a museum oh that's what I was
looking for
I didn't oh look I got a check out our
achievement at oh my god
super Peck land oh I'm a fucking fan
three games out of there and the bad
version of pac-man erection
what's that just forget about okay yes
we will place or and we'll play Leisure
Suit Larry not tonight
no not appropriate for butchers you're
talking about Jane yeah
I agree and so here's what I'm gonna say
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you Yolo subscribers we really
appreciate you guys all coming down and
the merry chitnis saw all your chips and
may your chips if you chip chip chip two
chip two chip chip tree

