Dec 10, 2014
Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon, Strider, Don't Shit Your Pants
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3626425
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3626654
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3626698
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDUCJjBVFxA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ln7tk2Qbk-E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOdgtCemWj8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/542772717255397376
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/542860370663460865
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/542914185550893056

[Part I]
it's so exciting I mean possibly we
don't even know for screaming in we've
had this problem before where you know
magically we've stopped streaming no
video voting no nail in it that means
it's working
this is it
perfect perfect spurt bar it's a 1
perfect so far my first stream is just
aces warm on time so far there are zero
technical problems there
we're 15 seconds into your first great
i-i-i i didn't know things are gonna go
south any second now I did not know a
stream could go so perfectly ah
do you think it's because of this
fantastic new computer hi kind of can
you show me how to use the software but
I set this off absolutely yeah yeah
congratulations rich congratulations I'm
updating stream now can I just throw my
hat in here and say that I think it's
working because of me absolutely okay so
I'm starting with Jack about how I say
testing 1 2 3
Jex is testing 1 2 no no it's paying
attention because it was curious with
Jay didn't really think about it yeah
Jay just says check Mike check Mike I
say check check microphone check yeah
there's no number accounting at all
there's none he doesn't completely wrong
more am I the only one that doesn't
right you don't need nobody really you
just need that your voice yeah it
doesn't matter what you say it doesn't
matter what you're saying you can you
could take a look at Igor which I might
say Jack there's a proper way to do
things you're right there's a protocol
and everyone else is doing it wrong with
me and actually for Mike the tests
aren't you supposed to say stuff with
s's really because then you can know
whether or not you're getting some harsh
I think like peas would be in poor Peter
yeah you don't want to pop your peas
maybe
so I don't know so instead of saying
testing 1 2 3 I should say testing 1 2 3
yeah I don't no idea what that is I
don't know either
Oh have you seen this I I was at that
shoot oh my god I mean there's a credit
to me somewhere but I don't know if it's
online I think it's not putting in any
way this is the first stream with my
brand spankin new computer mmm my
blazing fast computer so your computer
that's so fast we can actually play a
far cry hey yeah yeah to christen it I
figured we would you know run something
a bit more modern a bit more fancy
flashy 3d e ries indeed yeah so this is
a far cry 3 Blood Dragon starring
Michael Payne bean it's been iris I was
pain cuz been some stupid well it's been
well now you make now you're making
Michael Biehn feel bad about he can't do
anything about his name don't insult
consult Michael Biehn I was a terminator
yep Abed Michael Biehn did he just like
marry like a Playboy bunny I don't know
I think he just directed a movie yeah is
Michael being Michael Biehn wisdom was
the father in Game of Thrones right I'm
in Idaho I've never seen Game of Thrones
he's the one who notoriously dies and
everything that he's in Michael Biehn no
no you're thinking of uh Sean beat Sean
Bean yes I figure Sean Bean yes Michael
Biehn he's a recent terminator Hicks
motherfucking next no but it's a big
thing
he's not a well nut like his name isn't
well yeah he's not as big as he should
Turing's of the movies he's been man I'd
like to in every one of those movies so
you chant you know me by now I don't
know names or things or places or
fractions come on who's Laura Dern yeah
that's right exactly so so Jays here so
I think this is going to work is I'm
going to start game and then Jay and
Jack are gonna chat about this as well I
get lost in the game but that's okay
field for you to chime in at any point
talk about the game well because I'm
sure we'll be talking about something
very unimportant it's hard to
concentrate on game and talk oh sure it
happens you know vocal fool I know
plenty of things about things because
I've seen it once and it's terrible
things is the best things is the warm
things is the worst
I need to introduce new people to things
that's the best part of watching it just
watching other people watch it somebody
bring up that piece of shit things yeah
oh here's something have you guys seen
the new Mad Max trailer there is a
teaser trailer and now there's a new
trailer it looks so fucking awesome it's
hard for me to get like what it's not
for me to anticipate anything anymore
we're like oh I can't wait for this but
it looks fucking great real I'm so
excited I'm excited for you I'm excited
that you're excited because I know you
and I know that's a rare thing yes that
you're excited for smaller movies but
you have a different set of expectations
for a smaller like an indie horror film
than you do for a big like tentpole
action movie but this Mad Max trailer is
pretty great great
yeah large movies it's rare for me to
get excited about anymore
Oh rich they all come into the waa XD
I'm using some kind of fancy ass pad I'm
not using the regular keyboard one my
using here it's called e Wolfgang that
it's got some kind of goofy ass name but
the keys are laid out a bit more like a
grid pattern it's very straight and I
don't circle I don't like scrunching my
fucking thumb up to hit that s key for
down that's just fucking uncomfortable I
like just evenly spaced your fingers
yeah it's more comfortable to me it
makes sense a button picture like a
circle and then all the keys of a normal
keyboard are kind of arranged weird yeah
yes circle it's weird
so it's weird but you know I know rich
because rich is playing this he's using
a mouse and keyboard and I'm still
launching on the goddamn couch he's
still on the couch you know he's not
using a trackpad because we're using
Rich's computer anymore this this is
going to be everyone is gonna love this
because you're using the things you're
supposed to use I might be distracted
you're talking with you guys it was a
good shot coming up soon
does the post-apocalyptic game yes i
think i think in the trailer they call
it the apocalypse of the Apocalypse
oh they're asking you to turn on
subtitles oh that would be a good idea
yeah I don't want anyone I can skip
because I can't laugh because I'm not
skipping skip the cutscene no I refuse
this the first time I played this I put
up this thing go get a streaming server
this is my first time with a game that's
right a Lucky Strikes set in 2007 yes I
started this once just to see how it
would run and rent really nice oh yeah
this is you've got the gaming machine
just looking at that I'm not like
Terminator 1 music goin kind of oh yeah
oh look at those cybernetic enhancements
this is good this is fuckin awesome
sergeant Rex power Colts
or and yes everyone in the chat I did
hear about the new difficulty settings
for alien isolation they've added two
new different things both harder than
hard so now everyone who played with a
card sent me weren't you playing it
right twice's to these but also people
weren't playing it right now it's weird
by here
this isn't difficult people it's it's
really waiting to do the screen on the
cut sensor yeah it's not that urgent
tiny it's really weird you know I guess
I'm doing hug about that but that is
weird you're right maybe I think it's
supposed to be like the comic book panel
II may be the actual game plan lifer now
look fer
oh that's right subtitles chat so me
were where subtitles be your where they
where where be our subtitle Oh Leo's I'm
sorry but rich has been taken over by up
higher
no no video video ok maybe be well then
I doubt your overall quality said on our
truck yes Jesus Christ rich your new
computers awesome it's it's probably an
audio but someone's saying it's in video
oh ok I guess that makes sense
yeah oh yeah your friends don't do that
also you do hit apply oh yeah all right
back to it why isn't the Miami
connection song playing rich sorry
should play through the whole game only
through the elimination of violence can
we achieve world peace
now excuse me while I cut this man howdy
there you watch that I haven't watched
it since we did it for best of the worst
right I need to watch that movie again I
know it wasn't Netflix for a while I
don't know if it still is if it is
everyone in the chat should watch Miami
connection again even if it's not
everyone in the judge the wash plant and
you should seek it out yeah definitely
congratulations I love it I love my love
The Terminator style laser bum steer
so what's this minute what is this
mission here pay attention okay I'll
properly restart later and just play it
from scratch secret
for now I'm just going to what what yeah
that's true we got we are only streaming
yeah just to make sure you guys get you
know good stream we are all be streaming
in 720 which I know I know
only only in 720 we'll work on it
what is this 1984 that's the job Jay
Bowman's beard yes I've seen prisoners
of lost universe I cosplayed as Dan
Roebuck from prisoners of the lost
universe and one of our early half of
the bag episodes if you haven't seen it
and I interviewed what's-his-face the
the lead actor from Battlestar Galactica
what's his name
James no no the original Battlestar
because he was in prisoners of the lost
universe and so I interviewed him in
cosplay as his character but he had no
idea oh and then once he figured out he
realized we were kind of he'd smartasses
oh I'm sorry
Richard Hatch that was the same Richard
Hatch did you skip the tutorial yeah
sorry almost done for comedy Oh cuz he's
saying things like god dammit why can't
I shoot things already I got it out nice
as he should be
we have River Jack I can't read that
from here so you know it was Cameron
Mitchell hey Cameron Mitchell thank you
for subscribing we've been
tip moving allows you to go in many
exciting directions also Cameron
Mitchell make sure you close that door
close that fucking door close the door
I've shit I can't turn on a water way
would you close the fucking door
Lucky Strike says I rewatched generally
episode that you realise Jack was it an
episode it's true Jack was the mailman
yeah you're a bad man twice but it's
like three years apart when you show up
as the mailman again no I never oh no
your body does yeah yeah that's right
you're deer here on body that's been
hectic pieces shows up we did shoot like
your head on the ground I remember that
and we didn't end up using it for some
reason maybe we can get the effect to
work I don't even remember mm-hmm yep
it's true also you know here's a little
behind the scene tidbits about the very
first half in the bag episode oh yeah
I was called in for a very special
assignment on the very first day I don't
remember that I wrote my special design
there was no intrude Jane like affection
both of them had to be on camera at the
same time so I had to dolly the camera
oh that's right
for the end when George Lucas comes in
right that's right when George Lucas
came an ascension when they come in you
Mike and rich were all on camera yes
so he needed somebody to move the camera
never forget about that the grinding of
my sack
my sac is one word mysic thank you for
subscribing very appreciated oh oh my
lord and grumpy kitten thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
usually in the early half of the
episodes if you see all three of them on
camera at a time and the camera moves
yeah that's me if I remember right we
shot the skit stuff for episodes 1 & 2
like I'm the same day do her that cuz
good for day 2 that was when the the the
masseuse comes over and plinking tries
to lay on the the ironing board I want
to say we shot those at the same time
did you shoot that and Mail me a tongue
at the same time
no mam and Tommy was later because I was
that was the Transformers episode that
was not anymore what number episode that
was seven eight something like that that
was a while later okay okay but even yes
you are correct you should have those
kids at the same time yeah
Chelsea this was very yeah as most
people are the turn around us on a
regular basis wait what are you doing
what is this oh yes I could tell you
right I was also one of the comedy ball
patrons when Jillian oh yeah I don't
even remember if any of its in the
episode I remember we shot some stuff
where you're actually talking more like
you kept leaning over to us and making
comments I don't even remember what
ended up in the episode
you're in the middle thanks yeah we shot
because both Jillian and I are big
improvisers uh-huh
we shot a ton with me and Jillian now
it's all gone now
that's it so what happens with improv
yep all the gold I'm sure nothing
because I want to say some of us funny I
just don't remember what it was anymore
I just don't we shot a lot oh I'm sure
it doesn't matter because it was super
fun like Joey you know he told her to be
a really bad stand-up and all she did
was give the setups to jokes my favorite
I think this is on the outtakes on the
archive DVDs but just a few girls hey
you guys remember dicks and that was a
joke do you guys remember dicks yes
what did stay in the episode though is
her talking about teleporting inside her
boombox do you remember that no she's
like something like I was in the middle
of getting intimate and then BAM i
teleported inside my jam box it's not a
joke I don't even know what it is but
it's funny
Thank You Arthur J for reminding me no I
didn't Hey I was so overcome by how
great farcry looks
I forgot the tweet oh all right I'm
tweeting now
tweet me tweet their live so for
everyone who doesn't follow us on Twitch
are already dying
okay so yeah I fucked up wait
okay I have now sweetie it's just so
weird like I came to the studio today
and I come on stop doing awful I didn't
bring my computer like it's so weird he
just showed up just showed up yeah it
was great
no they're saying that pistol is
supposed to be like a Robocop pistol
yeah that kinda looks a little robocopy
yeah thanks future well it is in the
year 2007 so what's next year what what
futuristic telling to happen to do in
2015 that's a good one I don't think
we're gonna have flying cars by next
year did do a fake thing for hoverboards
oh yeah oh yeah that was a while ago
I remember seeing that okay but actually
then they came out with quasi real one
you need like a special track I heard
about that yeah yeah
the fake video was fun your day was it
funnier now okay
I just never read in the comments or
people like this is obviously fake
you're like well yeah obviously but then
again the repealed I felt the need to
point out that the Rich's reaction the
Star Wars trailer was fake I mean it
could have been
it's clearly fake you are a genius
is the inevitable space cop games going
to be like this exactly this in fact is
farcry space cop the set design is very
similar to a lot of the stuff we've done
in space cop - yes this looks a lot like
space all you do is you make the
character move a little slower an
emotive swag rich that's a funny swag
rich from from your t-shirt video Rachel
oh yeah I never think of it as being
like swag rich cuz that's just how it
rich always is right so I don't even
notice anymore if anything someone's
being swag is someone being like rich
Lucky Strikes that's a good question
rich why do you need to read a little
later it's a fine question
oh you're right Oxygen's right needs new
batteries you have the shotgun they're
saying switch the shotgun it's much
cooler yeah so nothing or more switch
weapons button for this for you I don't
fix it first of all if you have a
shotgun I mean always go shotgun in any
game in a male shooter you go each other
you know that's my go-to in any game no
there's some ones there's some effective
machine guns check those you're sorry
sorry it's just way more fun with
shotgun
oh nice throw real the the grenade
button and not to change what the button
is don't only if only there was where
you could change it wait a minute
previous uh next visit us for now
yes Ritchie's using a mouse a keyboard
rich always uses a mouse or keyboard
it's it's means what you're supposed to
this is the only way let's do this
you were required by law to do it that
way and Jack you are breaking the law
breaking look oh my god I could do that
would be hilarious if rich was playing
is like I'm a touchscreen what
okay now the button I put switch looks
like weapon is throwing grenades I know
someone saying there wasn't an email
notification I did apply about the
street there wasn't that's what
someone's saying Oh
I know why that was such that might be
that might be in your settings you might
need to double-check that you're in your
settings you get email notifications
from us I could be a weird thing with
your advices are for close range of
course they are eight times in close
range
that I know they're saying you that was
actually a sniper rifle nothing yeah
nothing so in fact that was the opposite
of a shotgun that's cool
Michael Michael Bynes yeah that's that's
alien style right there he had that
shotgun neutral thing he didn't get the
notification let me double check out my
in that up mmm that works out to notify
people thank you for later I thought
yeah someone said they haven't gotten
email notifications in a while for
prereq stuff well everything is fucked
yeah at festively a sniper level
someone else the same no email tonight
have every other time so I don't know
someone saying has to do with twitch
because they're not getting other
notifications from other streams oh that
could be still I mean we need to
remember that which is still a
relatively young web service is it it is
and then you know they just of course
got bought by Amazon but you know the
infrastructure hasn't changed yet so
they're still working on it and of
course they're growing exponentially
yeah everyone's twitch streaming now and
so it's just like we have to deal with
some of these villages twitch my job
which glitch deck tell rich to use his
mini-map
he always has bad guys shooting at him
nearby and doesn't notice rich I okay
use your minivan you know exact Peterson
you're right I did from this technical
difficulties tonight but we everything
went swimming everything went really
great I could not say yet you failed
that having no difficulties I really but
um you know this is this is good
I think we're doing it seems to be
working
what am I talking out of my ass about
Dan what oh there they said listen to
Jack talking out of his ass but
pretending like he knows what he's
saying first of all that's all the time
that's gonna say that they can just copy
paste that at any point during the
stream oh I saw someone I think it's
past it now they asked why I made peanut
butter cookies when I know rich is
allergic because I make them for them
well I made them for my family
I just brought extra cookies because
they were burnt I thought no no they
were there were cookies that didn't turn
out so well they were for my family for
Thanksgiving the Thanksgiving the things
and when when he ruined them and they
weren't good enough for his family then
I then I gave my scraps to oh my god
people are shocked that I have a family
I'm pretty sure everybody does to some
extent otherwise you would not exist
oh okay
and her blood scam right alarm go great
do it I see an arrow link down here so I
can go down I guess in in the building
like area if I can find entrance hey
Harry Potter does to have a family
they just keep him in a cupboard is that
a thing Harry Potter they keep him in a
cupboard what does the boy learn for the
Harry Potter series I've seen them all
here's my thing with the Harry I've
never in the books but my thing with the
movies is I saw all of them in the
theater when they came out okay not like
a big fan or anything I just want to
song because there were movies too then
every time the ended I'd say that was
entertaining and then the next day I
completely forgot everything that
happened those movies are like in one
ear out the other for rape let's see
well except for the one with the
werewolf Gary Oldman one with the
werewolf because I was made by a very
talented filmmaker that the other ones
are just gonna play it but I don't even
remember anything about him being in a
cupboard I don't remember any of that
remember in the first Harry Potter movie
his it's his aunt and uncle yeah then
they're sort of by the way his family
okay actually I don't know if I did see
the first one I don't know if I ever saw
that one I think after that one that
gave him away okay
he starts living under the stairs okay
because he's an embarrassment to his
family but that should not have taken
three fucking hits I'm sorry
yeah it's hard to see how long that
would take but I'm sure those range I'm
not dying
yeah you know I'm too spider Harry
Potter movies they they're all fine yeah
they're okay my wife was a big fan of
this box is a big fan of no I really
loved the books so yeah of course we're
gonna see movies and all and there was
one of the Harry Potter movies that
ended with Harry Potter like it was a
frame of him on his that actually might
have been the end of the world one
forget no one because that one was
pretty dark I don't think it would end
like that one of them ended on a very
chipper everybody's happy it was a free
spring it's probably one of the year
look first two then I'm gonna say J to
see the new Mad Max trailer yes it looks
so fucking awesome
back paying attention no Gabby I'm
missing I'm sure I'm missing a ton of
things I'm working their hearts out
charlie I don't know why I do with the
hearts okay
yeah one cyberarts so people are saying
it wants to wear with one that ended
with the cheesy freeze-frame yeah
interesting
and it's so yes that was a dark movie
but you know they eat chocolate frogs
and oh thank you freaky I got his merch
today I write in the mail oh that's
right thank you for from purchasing
thank you for supporting us hard at work
packaging stuff all day that's what we
did all day was processing orders and
packaging because in addition to
creating the videos that we make editing
the videos that we make updating the
website building sets we also package
and send out all of our products
ourselves so busy
yeah and a new t-shirts by the way feel
fantastic yeah yeah they're nice they're
nice shirts we met with the company that
made them before we decided to order
them and looked at the different styles
of shirts they had and figured out what
we thought would be the most comfortable
quality-control that's what we're about
when getting these t-shirts they're not
cheap oh crap
t-shirt is very nice very good I want
one they won't let me have one well yeah
yeah exactly we have a limited run at
the moment no Liz 6005 our hands did not
touch the merchandise we use like those
those grapper things that old people use
so we don't physically touch them right
we're actually we're wearing hazmat
suits or something I got blown up
I don't know only there's way you could
find out I'm sorry I know I know you're
just talking through it and I like that
I like that you're talking through it I
was being asked a lot I apologize
now there is oh my god yeah I gave for
Jay you're getting your shirt
sometime after you go order and pay for
it I don't know if you guys like so no
tracking members anything I honestly I
don't deal with that aspect of it so I
don't know that's not my department
it's coming maybe stop rich Evans baby
phase t-shirt listen I don't know if
it's possible right that's the question
isn't it now you can get the shirt
mmm you mean just for the because of the
the colors and whatnot yeah yeah um I
don't know we'd have to look into it
well I usually combine it with addictive
birthday boy yeah yeah because people
have asked about take the birthday boy
shirts but what people want a big
birthday boy shirt yeah anything else on
it I guess I I think you I'd feel weird
selling a shirt that just says that bad
blocky text like that's kind of lame I
mean maybe that's what people would want
I don't put some sort of like red letter
media logo somewhere small yeah maybe I
don't know all right we're gonna we've
sticking with the simple ones right now
just go he wanted to kind of ease into
this yeah we'll see don't sorry a fuck
you it's Jen you Airy t-shirt cuss words
you know listen that's a tricky thing I
would put now a t-shirts I mean swear
words on sure you know and you guys have
so many memorable catchphrases uh-huh
like hey you know every time we say no
that's a big one No
when you say shut up that's a really
good good phrase we all we just say that
to you though that's not a catchphrase
we do on the shows that's where I always
see people doing that's right J yeah I
guess that's a pretty common one yeah I
don't we don't want to go overboard with
the shirts people were asking for shirts
so we've made some shirts
I don't want to go crazy we'll see good
birthday what has a good question is
where do I make a note if I want items
signed when I order um it should be
there should be like a leave a comment
field somewhere on the order for their
PayPal yeah nobody's asked for a sign
t-shirt
no one is that's for a sign t-shirt it
might be tricky cuz they're dark yeah so
I mean we have some like silver pens and
stuff but I don't know how it would look
on a shirt yeah there should be just
don't look good yeah I'll leave a note
leave a comment something like that yeah
or if that doesn't work if you can't
find it or or if it's maybe cuz I know
we're going through band camp I think
it's still process processes through
PayPal but if nothing else just send us
an email saying your name your order
number can you guys sign this contact at
red letter media com sure great so there
that's yes you could have gotten your
DVD signed the posters we sign a lot of
posters huh the the DVDs sign the
dividend
also the posters that's about all we got
all right guys good yeah quiet I love I
love the look of this game yeah all the
like all the purples and greens this is
so I know they're doing it to be like
kitschy but it just looks neat yeah no I
like that slightly like bright vivid
colors like that yeah and it just makes
everything stand out really nice it's
just good enemy design you know yeah
this is a neat looking game rich is your
character a human psyche one it is a
cyborg okay I don't know feels like a
human with a robotic arm or something
hey pop me oh my god if you forget
warped purple space Gazoo goodness I
know you're saying you want to warp
purple space because we could t-shirt
but I want cold eyes those are great in
the game probably couldn't do the
t-shirt because it's not a character
yeah you should get the hell out of that
my sack grinding of myself the question
that I'm going to answer because it
seems like he would like to know in a
fictional fight those Elna vs. Mario
Zelda vs. Mario you know it depends on
what you Silva you're talking about is
it normal Silva in which case she's just
a princess like it doesn't have much
going for her the Zelda and Smash
Brothers has some superpowers could it
be possible that you met link oh yeah
versus when I was when I was a kid I
always thought that the main character
was Zelda yeah cuz I didn't play that
game but my brother did um a real quick
deed duval 49:59 sorry D Duval 59 thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it so I guess you know it
make me Mario a wooden fighter cuz in
general he saves princesses but yeah oh
yeah I thought you meant like I think
link because he has a sword and a bow
and arrow handles no weapons no items no
weapons no items yes no I don't know
whether here's a question though what
are they fighting about nobody gives you
shit I would think I would think the
motivation of the fight would have an
influence on who is more you know
engaged in wanting to win or I think
this is an
question okay Bowser and again have
banded together and stolen both
princesses fun obviously linked and
Mario could fight them individually so
they need to get rid of them and so they
say okay whoever wins the fight we won't
kill you're pretty won't kill your
princess you get your princess back okay
so that's so they have equal stakes okay
in in the fight and well Mario is from I
don't think this is in the games but I
know it's in the movie yeah isn't it
here from Brooklyn right yeah he's a
plumber from book okay is that in the
original games is there any mention of
that or was that just in the portal okay
I don't remember that we mention in the
manual yeah okay well I'm gonna say
Mario then cuz he grew up in Brooklyn
ling-ling grew up in old fantasy world
with elves and shit and fairies and
depending on which link because most of
the time the link is a child oh well
that changes everything
definitely full-grown man from Brooklyn
yeah he'll beat that little kids ass
Mario about like cool teenage link he
might have but still like yeah Mario
because also a Maura from Brooklyn would
do some dirty shit yes it's true he
jumps on people's heads break bricks
with his head give a shit it's not
afraid to mess things up with a hammer
either hmm
well yes man this is the man who
single-handedly took down an 800-pound
gorilla and after that he fought a
fucking dinosaur
you know of course if they have weapons
I don't care if Mario gets the the
mushroom you know the super mushroom or
Firefly I'll link have a sword and a
shield and bombs and a bow and arrow
he's gonna win if they have I missed but
no items it's mine glad we leave this
out this every single shot Oh dick the
birthday boy says a disordered shirt DVD
space got poster nowhere to put in a
note for signed items mmm
there should be but I don't know if
that's the case and just send us an
email
yep oh yeah here's a here's a really
good fanfiction
okay who would win a fight samurai cop
for a Basinski
near the Glen why is that man is not
stupid the character of samurai cop is
ease a little cocky yeah he's not as
bright as he thinks he is he trained
with them he trained with the Masters in
Japan Len cavity though is a legit
champion black belt
yes weapons training I I don't know very
enthusiastic yeah huh well I honestly
don't know who went on Twitter and he
just want another like major he just
want more major words oh really yeah oh
wow it's a weapon dude weapons good
samurai cop has a gun and a samurai
sword
I know um yeah I would say no weapons I
think I'm gonna go with Len I gotta give
us a life yeah he wasn't trained by the
Masters in Japan but he's pretty good
yeah and you know the samurai cop
doesn't seem to keep the training you
know like yeah he's not training
anywhere in the movie that's cuz he
thinks he's the shit he doesn't think he
needs two samurai capsules he's too
cocky
whereas land is still in it probably a
hundred times a week yeah
that's right Thank You electives in ski
trained with the Masters infer the
Masters in Petsmart
blood doesn't work at Petsmart by the
way I don't think we ever played that up
in our interview or anything we've done
but he does not work at Petsmart okay I
know we asked him but I couldn't
remember back up so he just knows the
people expect that bad smart
Oh tell me when you hear the one thing I
didn't hear I don't see you son
nice up fake some saying Jackie this
looking back to the jet go back I don't
see yourself you might be lying to me
whoa whose hair is more right just one
Kevin's here Hannah I gotta cover my
hand yeah yeah wig or no wig oh well I'm
sorry business business thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it might have
pushed down for me switch glitch Oh
crazy fat Ethel vs. divine um do you
know dividers yeah well if we're going
to divine in pink flamingos I'm gonna go
with divine cuz she's just a complete
psychopath I mean crazy crazy baffle is
a little older a little slower divine
will just lose your shit and go off so
divine yeah oh yeah so you never seen
pink flamingos a long time ago okay yeah
yeah it's a family of homicidal
characters yeah everybody knows the
ending
everybody knows that there's actually
there's a documentary
I think it's on Netflix now called I am
divine all about divine that's
definitely worth checking out if you're
a fan of John Waters and and divine
that's cuz that's that's where it's at
there's lots of good documentaries and
there's so many about such specific
things now like very like like I love
John water
I love divine like here's a documentary
specifically for me there's so many well
that's great so many have a distribution
out yeah yeah I think that's a big part
of it like yeah I mean there we had two
documentaries about VHS last year yeah
point it's a great time to be alive last
year so I'm really great okay doctor
three of those 100 really it was a video
exclusive NIU I mean it was made by a
company that makes what that okay here's
a little but like never did they once
like say like and now you know featuring
the new it was literally just about like
the history musicians who have used a
long pedal and why come like they talked
to the guy who played you know the shaft
theme song yeah extended interview with
that guy he was really pissed because he
didn't get to play any notes he's
literally just just okay he was really
upset with Isaac Hayes cuz I was exact
no dude that oh that's really so he was
like a really fascinating documentary
just about the wah pedal yeah there's a
documentary about the font Helvetica
like just woody specific documents yeah
there is I haven't seen it I've been
meaning to see it that's fine I've heard
it's good I saw someone a little while
ago asked if I would ever make a
documentary we kind of made a
documentary with how not to make a movie
which is one of the things we've done
that I'm most proud of actually there I
do have a couple ideas for documentaries
so maybe maybe one of these days I can
find the time to focus on them because I
like documentaries I like that poor man
and I like editing that that format
because we're sort of discovering what
the movie is as you're putting it
together yeah I like that
Peter Dinklage versus divine God go with
the vine I think most people versus
divine I would go with divine well aids
no be thank you for subscribing you know
they did that just to see you I would
say thank you yeah I do I still
appreciate it you're helping support
this dream yeah you know if you would
like if calling me a name makes you
support the strengthen you know it's
your life man that's fine Len verses
divine divine if we're talking divine in
either pink flamingos or female trouble
definitely divine that's crazy talk
right now cuz divine will fight dirty
Len will try and be like respectful and
sure you know he'll treat it like a like
a legitimate fight and divine will do
something nefarious
babbler yeah the our DVDs our region for
you that's good except for yours yeah if
you order them they will they will have
a region lock on them from its region
free for America I'm so happy to see
sunny week to specific Jam so happy I'm
like a joke I'm so happy to see so many
people talking about divine this is
great I don't know if anybody cared
I was thinking about I posted something
on Twitter the other day I posted a clip
from desperate living John Waters movie
never thinking about John Waters a lot
lately I need to go back and re-watch
some of his movies I owned them all I
love John Waters but I haven't watched
any in a while yeah I think becquer I
haven't seen in a while
I like his older movies like it's weird
because he's had the same style of
writing through his entire career it's
just everybody yelling but technically
he's gotten better which makes the
movies less interesting when you have
professional actors saying that dialogue
it's not as funny as if you have like
divine or Edith Massey or the characters
that were in his older movies saying it
okay it makes them feel more surreal
than having like professional people
like like a professional looking movie
and real actors saying those lines it's
not it's not as interesting because I
think I know some people don't like like
some people don't like pecker or don't
like sussel be demented and I think if
that those movies were made 30 years
earlier and you know with his friends as
the actors there'd be a more amateur
quality that makes them better okay if
that makes sense it's hard his movies
are so hard to explain like why they
work but oh and take the birthday boy
yes we see that you sent specific
instructions do for what to be signed
like okay
we are on then everything should be
under control
yes okay guys osteoporosis cage match
Betty versus Linda I don't remember
which one we hated was it Linda was
Linda the one that we hated rich do you
remember the one that almost knocked
over the house plan she almost ready
that's right that's right
she's the one that looked like Jackie
Mason oh yeah divine actually passed
away the night before well I should say
Glenn cuz Glenn Milstead is his real
name and he was trying to branch out and
do less roles and drag he was cast as
the uncle on married with children and
he died the night before he's supposed
to start shooting he's gonna become a
regular like a recurring character on it
sure yeah yeah he's trying to branch out
and do more different things and that
was a big break for him and then he died
from just being too overweight it's very
sad hey Thank You Arthur J everyone asks
me what the specs are for Rich's new PC
and I have no
idea just said what they are I'm
actually gonna copy that to see you have
it
okay I've copied it I'm gonna put it in
a text file over here working Hertz an
i7 it's the EVGA GeForce 970 graphics
card
ESS z97 mother power is super hyper
ultra Ram Kingston HyperX Ram yeah like
if anyone would like new who doesn't
know computer parts just so what octo
date types as Rich's PC you would think
that he was randomly mashing the
keyboard rich apparently you can extend
your field of beautiful oh my god you're
fighting laser dinosaurs yeah they're
great looking trying to sneak past nubs
accompany weapons sure you think at some
point I will be able to shoot laser
dinosaurs oh my god I bet you can ride
away this is so awesome why is this game
like a joke this is just cool yeah this
is the yeah
there's lots of jokes in here I'm kind
of sounds kind of lower half pay
attention oh oh I'm sorry they're not
dinosaurs they're dragons dragons yeah
I'm actually looking forward to gone
home later in and fine-tuning the
yeah really really honestly sure there
might they might technically be blood
dragons but they look like laser
dinosaurs so I stand by my original imma
call them Tron dragons you know fuck
that fuck the original scarred it's all
about the Daft Punk scar why can't there
be room in your heart for two things not
my heart Daft Punk is too overpowering
there's no room the Nerds heart is a
very small thing
right Lloyd beats I know it's not a it's
not a joke it's a stylistic mod for a
cop firecracker I get that but like
everything about this is a little jokey
but it just looks neat like the and I
don't want to I'm not dissing Blood
Dragon it was just a greater thing of
like they're they're kind of getting
away with this style because they're
doing it slightly tongue-in-cheek now
but I think they could have just done it
normal yeah and not thought of trying
Gigi I would still be good I'm not ain't
dissing yo you saying that like I got
you hooked on the FTL's for good it's
nice all this question earlier I think
it might have been aimed at me but we
can all answer a dog favorite movie
score there you there you go
there's your answer all around an
individual track let's just say overall
score that enhances the movie makes it
great - punch-drunk love Brian score for
punch-drunk love is the most amazing
thing and it fits that movie perfectly
yeah movie with the most underrated
storm ones that Ghostbusters nobody
talked about the score tennis a good
score yeah it's not talking about the
theme song yeah yeah yeah he's got a
good score
well you who does it do you know I don't
even know very goldsmith hey I am
someone will tell us almost feel bad
that I don't know yeah I don't
Elmer Burton okay yeah all right hey
Elmer Bernstein yes free GERD seven
eight three who gives John Carpenter's
The Thing scored shit that's a great
score all John Carpenter scores are
great interest Dave oh man he did
everything he did his Hummer he's yeah
he's he's done a ton of stuff I mean
obviously we we talked about Tron Legacy
is it amazing
yes yeah and it's it's tough works like
yeah talking about ghostbusters that
complements the movie so well bunny of
like Ghostbusters is never is a score
that I wouldn't just listen to on its
own yeah that's true but it's perfect
complement to the movie where is
something like Tron Legacy I listen to
just on itself I think a lot of people
like to score more than they like the
movie I think I've mentioned this before
the Royal Tenenbaums
score oh yeah Mark Mothersbaugh that's a
good scar supposed to pay more attention
it also has like a good soundtrack like
the oh yeah yeah but the original Mark
Mothersbaugh score is fantastic but it
didn't make them in them it's a great
movie but that score really not only
works as a score like it enhances the
movie it's it's you can't imagine the
movie without it oh I'm sorry jack is
that the same person thank you for
subscribing
I don't know who the same person or just
someone else making a joke either way
and also thank you to those who point
out that I missed a subscriber which did
you hear what the fuck I've got the
honor I'm sorry how do you miss yourself
screaming what the fuck this is your job
knowledge social social network social
networks a good score that's a chunk
Reznor and Atticus Ross I always want to
say Atticus Finch but yeah really any
other was like I was thinking uh Mark
Mothersbaugh got me thinking like he did
you need to call me with the chance of
meatballs he cover like they're like a
movie score like oh I don't know ideas
really interesting music I I think the
first I could be wrong but I think the
first score he did was for Wes Anderson
like I think he just did a couple Wes
Anderson movies and then other people
liked it and so he started doing other
scores
I think well perhaps the first thing he
did was Rugrats oh do you the opening
credits backwards okay I might be
completely wrong business
oh that makes sense I never I didn't
know that but now I'm hearing in my head
I'm like oh yeah I can totally see that
it's my brothers but sure well you know
baroque Tenenbaums was somewhat it was
orchestral yeah I know like very not
Mark Mothersbaugh but the the piece of
music that I always loved from that
movie is the there's that shot during
the the long take or it's panning across
everybody yeah like the aftermath during
though though after the wedding sequence
and it shows like like a royal buying
the dog and then he goes over to Ben
Stiller and is talking with him but I
was like we've had a rough year that
long take and the music that's playing
during that part is so great yeah that's
a good movie all around yeah
leaning key it means a leaner key it
does it's not letting we do the stuff
kill do you have a knife I must not have
anything oh this is awful
you just got sneak past them yeah scores
they're great they're great when they're
great and sometimes they're just nice
little pieces
oh the elbow narrow Oh laser bow and
arrow oh we have oxygen we've made no
progress on the prereq steam account i
dip I didn't register our name okay rich
we've made some progress on the
pre-record steam account which is
registered a name the work can you pick
up your arrows now yeah awesome
nope
oh they're saying you can throw the
hearts how do you do that what does that
do to really good questions how do you
do that and what does it do Oh press
they're saying pressing G to throw the
hearts and they then they attract the
blood drag ass oh nice nice that would
be awesome and for the for the person
who asked to know we have we attempted
the edited let's play we attempted and I
started cutting it together and you know
our bits weren't that good and then like
yeah too far between and then if you cut
one part of the Bay you have to cut it
on one yeah I just it just didn't work
out doesn't surprise me at all so
it didn't work out at all we we have
been talking casually we we did have I
have a lot of fun and I hope rich I do I
had a lot of fun with the with the Space
Quest yo yeah ton of fun was they
thought that was a game where I really
had to pay attention and of course rich
knew the game and so you couldn't really
talk to me about the game because like
yeah he couldn't tell me that was really
disappointing and so we were thinking
about doing a livestream of an adventure
game where we haven't like where we is
where we either was haven't played it
but then we wouldn't get a lot of
interaction with you the chat and so
maybe it could be especially like
another night in which we can kind of
not turn off the job I think we can do
the occasional stream that's not quite
as interactive as normal yeah it's fine
well in this that's why it would be like
a bonus is obvious that we don't want to
ignore you chant I look at the
microphone we don't want to well that's
your portal into the chat that's how
they hear you through the microphone we
want to do broken age but we want to
wait until both parts are out what's
broken age broken age is is it a victory
made by people who used to make nothing
but adventure games but then they fell
out of you you like the point cookie one
I mean I'd point well that though the
the texting ones you like what you like
the text only one Zorka as I as I've
heard is finish answering I don't even
remember my question anymore broken it
yeah yeah so these people used to make
do nothing but text adventure games okay
her point-and-click adventure games
they used to make nothing but
point-and-click adventure games but then
they fell out of fashion going click
adventure game yeah so they want to make
a new one they they made a Kickstarter
and it was a huge Kickstarter
one of the biggest Kickstarter has ever
seen Oh for a new point click adventure
game and they but they somehow ran out
of money and so they they they're
releasing it in halves
ok hoping that sales from the first one
will end help them finish the Segway
this a little this little dubiousness
yeah but in in case i I am a Kickstarter
backer of the Double Fine adventure
games broken age but we're gonna wait
until the entire thing is out and then
yeah so that now zatia what we doing
about the only the only old Sierra game
I hadn't played just think about
adventure games as we get stream
together sure I'd be this i ii Leisure
Suit Larry okay
might be the only classic Sierra
adventure game that's not point and
click okay but I haven't played if you
don't mind trying the point-and-click
adventures I played it but I don't think
I'm gonna remember literally anything
about it the Star Trek 25th anniversary
game okay which also has a sequel I also
have a play called the judgement rights
okay and then there's a next-gen
adventure game but the final immunity
that we do and I think all of them have
a version of that game with voice acting
from the original cast oh oh nice yeah
that's fine yeah we know yeah Brian I'm
not as fond of pointing clothes and and
Zork I believe is like like free play
head
yeah yeah that's cool yeah we try we
need to give them tries Oh
public domain that's where I'm looking
public domain I'm sorc yeah that's what
I've heard
okay and that's the only fast not only
text that's hard there's a lot worth
looking into but but yeah B so there's
this huge Kickstarter and the guy who
made it quite possibly got a little too
big with his ambitions for the game okay
and the reviews have not been stellar
for the first part and nobody ever
accused Tim Schafer Vinc smirk like
that's the that's it real he's an artist
he's an artist he's not a business
person yeah but I play as a backer part
of the subscriptions here that I was on
like I got a t-shirt which is great
t-shirt I got a poster but I also they
they've been making behind-the-scenes
featurettes no like a documentary about
the creative process of making the game
know what's neat and I like that kind of
stuff so now for video games I couldn't
care less but well in general it's still
me like the story they want to tell how
they create the characters they like
follow the artists back home and like
have the hardest talk about like what
their inspirations are it's been a super
fantastic behind-the-scenes series now
that's been great nice yeah so what
you're saying is they've done a good job
of fulfilling their Kickstarter
obligations except for the game
there's a we've only had the first half
of the game okay
but yeah everything else
these guys just scientists they have
guns
that's your name you know are they on
your team I must warn you do we have we
do apex casket thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it I saw someone
jack favorite podcast do you listen a
lot yields of a podcast right I used to
not anymore I don't anymore
no why not no time no okay and you know
so much of my time is editing and you
have to listen to what the day and
people are saying that's true that's
true if I if I get into a if I get into
a rhythm where it's like I'm doing a lot
of After Effects work then I could pick
up some podcasts yeah okay I really like
I used to listen to The Nerdist I
believe a bunch of podcasts right isn't
that like a whole network of stuff I
don't know anything about it but just
the main one I used to I used to
subscribe to and I enjoy okay mostly
because the he gives a good interview
CGP Grey has a podcast now and it's
great hello Internet is what it's called
and everyone should know that I'm a big
fan of him he's an easy youtuber he
makes informational educational videos
right oh yeah I remember you Morgan
wearing a shirt in one of her videos and
then he is like hey that's my shirt as
it turns out so he was very excited to
see his shirt
I mean yeah so he does a podcast called
hello internet which is just fantastic
GCP great oh I get it mixed up you
asshole oh my god I don't know I need to
Jack that was CGP you might be I want to
say cgv but you know my brain
listen I have a handful of podcasts I
listen I listen doing when I'm running
that's that's just like that's my me
time I put in my earbuds and I run for
like an hour and a half and listen to
podcasts it's great this is my favorite
is it's called killer POV it's a horror
podcast done by a group of poor
journalists and they're all very very
good they have a nice dynamic and I
always like I think with people to give
horror fans they think of like people
you'd see conventions that are wearing
like heavy metal shirts and they're all
you know larger men with big burly
beards but now there's other type of
horror fans out there and that's the
three that are hosting the show and
they're gonna pass listen to the
projection booth which is another film
one I'm actually going to be on the
projection booth because I know those
guys in january/february because they
plan their episodes out that far in
advance for some reason that's the
podcast called the projection booth okay
it's a movie podcast you know Skype it
yeah yeah we're gonna talk about the
movie transfers with Tim Thomason great
if anyone has read the freakanomics
books oh yeah I remember you tell me
about this fantastic books really really
interesting reads they do a podcast the
freakanomics podcast and always really
interesting stuff
I tried listening to like movie podcasts
I enjoyed really great things about how
did this get made how did how did this
get made is entertaining I listened to
that one they're a little too hyper for
me where it's like they're clearly
exaggerating their frustration or
confusion by the movies and that can get
a little tiring bud and it depends on
the movie they're talking about let's
still it can be funny okay I really yeah
yeah he kind of holds the show together
Jason Mantzoukas is that he pronounce
his name
yeah yeah he's on it oh he's the one
that exaggerated it's a little too much
for my taste but he can be funny too
okay but he can be funny I guess
everything's just okay it's true it's
true
Kuta there's a local podcast that i
listen to every once in a while but the
guy from formerly from AV Club you know
the the section for anyone who used to
get the onion when the onion is a
publication paper that you could get at
the local coffee shop they had a local
section called The AV Club that would
cover local things and the guy who did
it for Milwaukee has a weekly thing with
a local college radio station I'm gonna
just talk about general Milwaukee things
is that um Matt wilds there's a
different guy oh and it's him okay Matt
wild a guy from a different local paper
the Shepherd Express and I got it from
WMS he do a a weekly like Milwaukee
we're just gonna chat about shit and now
I might forget what it's called he has a
new website
the Milwaukee record oh yeah yeah I've
seen them and it basically is what the
a/v Club used to be daddy but only for
Milwaukee I'm gonna forget to know what
the name of their oh I know that monkey
record did some article recently where
they mentioned us oak rather than
anything it was like what was the
article I know we tweeted about it I
can't remember anything anymore what's
happening let me find it yeah burr Jack
what you might Jack - fuck what no no
select the mode just take two or Jack
and then fuck you're a good thing oh
eight pop culture institutions with
Milwaukee ties okay so they talk about
Harley Davidson and I think like Laverne
and Shirley and stuff like that yeah
well there you go that's it no but they
you know they're very interesting guys
and you know just pop culture people and
snap I like listening to them I can't
remember the name of the show oh how
come you guys don't have Milwaukee
accents
well rich and I neither of us are from
Milwaukee so there's that and what you
might be thinking of is a northern
Wisconsin accent like B yes Fargo yeah
they're like I'm like a Minnesota accent
yeah they're like a you birth accent is
what we call them yeah yeah you're from
the Upper Peninsula which is not part of
Wisconsin in fact Department Michigan
yeah but if you live in the you pee then
you got the whole I dare ya know don't
know the Vestas I remember would forego
cave out and hearing people complaining
about like the stereotypes in that movie
like we don't talk like that just like
the movie
yeah yeah so I mean we this is just how
we talk bad I apologize for our lack
paleri ously annoying accent
luckiest strikes yeah oh yeah is it
reasonable that's that's something from
Fargo I quote all the time
Manon you such a super lady Fargo is the
best Fargo is a perfect movie I love
that movie yes there's not a single flaw
in that entire movie that true Don
Gately I have an IMDB page great yeah
you're on IMDB because feeding frenzy
and I think I think you're listed for
space cop already even though it's not
yeah everybody knows at this point thank
you that's what happens when you make
stuff what do you make movies yeah thank
you to any of you for me huh I
appreciate it
oh let's realist is something weird for
the high five Hollywood video like where
it's not the proper credit I seem to
remember this guy's it's gonna be
awesome
mostly pornos you're right I don't come
up as a suggestion when I type my name
into the search bar so I'm not that big
yeah nice oh wow hey there's a lot of
stuffing you have previously recorded on
yeah that's great oh really is the best
of the worst I don't think best of the
worst is on IMDB but half on the bag I
know is in space oh yeah I know best of
the works yeah the source is here I can
credit us as selling so best of the
worst
oh that's what I'm credited as a writer
that's what I suppose is technically
true I guess okay you know you didn't
write anything down that's fine that's
great that's super fun
oh my space cadet
that's Berk I thought was I done there I
got word that they're showing space
cadet space cadet sissy is the movie
that I acted in for a couple UWM college
kids as a project they were doing I can
either see it at the bully International
Film Festival ah which is actually
becoming a bigger festival which is
become a bit of even though Boyd's the
worst town ever
oh it's also playing in a festival in
India oh really
that's funny yeah have you ever been to
boy no no that's a good thing yeah this
is a compact Despero like did I write
two real-life Angry Birds you know write
stuff like that down yeah I didn't even
get myself a writing credit for a pork
pork in space even though I did write
like I wrote an outline me what all the
scenes are gonna be but I didn't write
dialogue or anything but I still like
put it as conceived and directed by Devo
and I didn't put written by okay cuz I
felt weird when something was that like
collaborative even though I came up with
the basic you know scene structure yeah
I didn't know how to do it but I didn't
wanted to say written by yeah
oh boy beats that that isn't it a good
and important question is Rich's oh my
god a reference to troll 2 or did he say
that prior no that's prior if that's
back from the old days yeah that's from
from old movies yeah I doubt you
remember where it originated from though
at this point dear
she's just being goofy and yelling hey
now like there wasn't like one specific
short that it started with okay I know
what's wrong what's wrong with your face
started with one of the old shorts right
ah what's wrong with your face I also
think that yeah probably yeah I know
Mike is mention that are you thinking Oh
migraine I know Oh Oh my currents been
around for a while that actually kind of
started with the Simpsons
cuz homers on the roller coaster he says
oh my cart oh yeah
yes bat hurt anyone on the roller
coaster I know oh my groin evolved out
of that okay what's wrong with your face
I know my gut said it started and won
the shorts but it wasn't it evolved into
what's wrong with your face when it
started it was something different it
was like your face what's wrong with it
and it's like warped over time something
like that
sure sure are those on any other
collections like the old movies no no no
no those would have to be completely
re-edited there yeah cuz of music issues
ER here huh yeah oh my god yelling rich
yelling what was just me thinking saying
what was funny yeah because it is
I think we put it on the outtakes for
Girl Interrupted the DVD mmm because do
you member we shot that rich and we shot
extra what's extra watts yeah there's
trailer there was nothing but us saying
yeah we never made the trailer but I did
put all the watts and the outtake reel
on the DVD we just shot once that had
nothing to do with the scene just damn
extra once you're right beyond internet
rich is a verbal artist a cunning
linguist
it's true it's true I like this game but
I think I like it enough that I want to
play it more on my home oh when I
increase your Triana sure I think that's
decent okay sure yeah I mean fine yeah
yeah are we that much in all right
tonight we start at seven thirty oh
right on time with no technical problems
oh my god you're right so much later
because we're right with technical a
break okay that sounds like a plan if I
like I want to hear you guys
Oh guys a little funny bits are kind of
missing they want us to play them and
shit your pants hmm is that a text-based
game I believe yes okay I think I saw
some people typing that in the chant the
other day I didn't know if they were
just fucking around
really our game that he wants to put up
and that is like what do you what do you
want do you want to play we should we'll
play another real game and then maybe
we'll close out how long is don't shoot
your past chat that's the real grand
bean be honest with us how long is it
for realsies we know when you're lying
we know we do we're like Santa Claus I
don't even know they're saying play FTL
don't shoot your pants takes 5 minutes 5
10 minutes ok 5 10 15 minutes in that
range somewhere about 9 inches
listen FTL will happen again we have to
take breaks from FTL because if we
didn't by the way this would be an
entire an entirely FTL slash binding of
issac dedicated stream with a little
ex-con thrown in for I'm so we do our
best to vary it up for you guys or else
we would play FTL every single week
twice a week alright so in any case
we're gonna take a break this is the
thing that's gonna happen alright so
rich yes well you need to take a break
oh we're here okay I need to get out of
this thing here need to get on this
thing head back over to open broadcaster
wiki Wars I love with you we're gonna
we're gonna play that again there cuz I
enjoy that game okay well so first we do
is even mute the microphone

[Part II]
did you guys know that Capcom still
makes games I just discovered this I
remember kept gum from when I was a kid
I couldn't even tell you what games were
Capcom games oh yeah you name one you
know what what is one from like like an
old Nintendo era won't be a Capcom game
okay then I know Megaman I remember old
videogame company logos the same way I
remember old sod like movie production
company logo oh yeah like for the
longest time I thought the 20th Century
Fox logo I thought that wasn't just a
part of the start of Star Wars no that
was it's just always been the beginning
of Star Wars
it won't be no no no no oh how weird
yeah
Oh it'll start with a Disney theme I
think in the castle they did for Tron
that was a different type of movie yeah
but they did like the Tron version of
the Disney Castle that'll be weird yeah
it'll be the Disney Castle with like Tie
Fighters flying around it but they'll
probably do something like that yeah oh
hey we're playing straighter this is
Jack playing this game yeah what what
ranking what what difficulty jack normal
okay I'm gonna be normal fine I've never
played the game before fine choice one
gunman I don't know what you're talking
about I don't know what stalker is is it
a movie I haven't seen it if it is well
they they have seen it pop up a couple
times he's asking me specifically but I
don't know what it is I don't know what
it was maybe he's got the wrong fuckin
title that's possible
you don't great so far Jack I'm just
learning to analyze I'm giving you shit
okay so that's what I do I like it so
apparently this game even though it's a
2d side-scroller can't couldn't run on
Rich's old computer I mean it's it's 3d
graphics it in a 2d picnic insisted on
having a DirectX
I'm sure just check in now there's a
slight move there's a slide down moving
down and pressing X hey hey hey hey Jim
when you press it down oh look I wish I
could use the d-pad can use the oh here
oh okay I figured out d-pad is always
preferable I'm game for - yeah I ate
Donuts the the war documentary thing I
didn't get tricked into doing it it was
a friend of mine was the producer on it
I did not get tricked I knew when I was
doing actually fun story about that they
were shooting the scene where it's all
these people protesting for an
eight-hour workday and then they all get
shot and killed and this is what really
happened then I sent to the director
Tony as like what are you gonna do for
when we get shot he's like oh I don't
know you guys fall over and maybe we'll
let some digital blood later I was like
screw that I got a gallon a fake one in
the trunk of my car right now I got it
and he goes nobody goes why do you have
a gal with a big one your cars and I
said four times like this
so then I brought my fake blood we
poured it all over everybody that's
great nice I didn't care wasn't mine
they didn't care I guess so it was mine
yeah the making of Milwaukee it was like
a multi-part documentary that aired on
the PBS I think so yeah I didn't think
as a friend of mine produced it and said
hey do you wanna come down and do this
thing you're saying fake what I swears I
swear I made it myself
rose up Carol oh yes Caro syrup and food
coloring
I like that you have fake one at grade I
didn't that point I don't remember
actually why I headed my trunk but it
was it been there for a while what were
you think Jack oh it's alright a little
too dumb for you yeah I mean we'll see
how are you saying playing it uh normal
so not now it's meant to be yeah yeah oh
yeah yeah it's it's good fun you know
it's it's a brawler tell my stories a
hack-and-slash if you will where swallow
might have to swallow swallow yeah
because that sounds like a nun nautical
term oh no we can't go out fishing today
there's a swallow out like a Boston
accent it's like a Jaws yeah I kind of
like this word it's like a big open
level and I can just kind of curl and
flip all around that's doing love how
the enemies go into that like black dust
cloud and when I kill them
that's super deep love the cartoon the
cartoonists I wish I had a double jump
and it upsets me that I don't have a
double jump well they're appearing there
are freaks yes might be something like
that I can only assume but I want it now
oh oh oh oh most iconic movie of the 90s
probably pulp fiction
yeah address park Jurassic Park yeah as
far as as far as groundbreaking I mean
just Park started big dumb night new CGI
okay kind of change changing surgeries
yeah well that's the thing
iconic to whom yeah it's hard to say
what's that kind of I would say pulp
fiction as far as just a great movie
from that from the 90s as far as then
the influence it had on you know folks
today
yeah but it that influenced things in a
bad way I know great of a movies it is
that's true I don't know yeah I guess I
don't know what mechanic would mean
Jurassic park's what they realize oh we
don't need a story at all
well no Jurassic Park is a fine story
and it's idiots that saw it and said Oh
people must just like the CGI dinosaurs
started that trend of crap yeah yeah
these guys respawn is that one yes oh I
thought I was trying to kill him
oh okay
yes company gets the Brady Bunch movie
that was the most forgot almost the
Brady Bunch movie yes yeah I think so
it was kind of a hit when it came out it
did well enough to get a sequel never
being clever I know yeah that's true
there's a lot of movies like that that's
like when people say like when they see
a trailer for a new movie that comes out
that just looks terrible and everybody
like bitches endlessly it's like just
imagine in two decades no one will
remember that movie anyway like every
decade has terrible terrible movies but
those aren't the ones that stick around
I will I might argue that while pulp
fiction um
pulp fiction is iconic especially to
filmmakers who are now making movies I
would argue an equal importance with
clerks as far as iconic Chinese movies
yeah I couldn't think of like like
Clark's Pulp Fiction El Mariachi I
always kind of grouped those three
together you're now though I guess
technically should say Reservoir Dogs
not pulp fiction but that whole era were
in like independent films we're starting
to get known yeah like there's a thing
that people could do Oh opens you kind
of go to the other but I think Pulp
Fiction was the real one where it's like
Tarantino my god fateful fiction with
off Reservoir but yeah fiction is the
one that really got notice yeah yeah but
we wouldn't have we wouldn't have all of
the next wave of independent filmmakers
if it wasn't for carts yeah
which clerk clerks is barred to me now
just because of how much I dislike Kevin
Smith absolutely but at the time I mean
that was a huge influential movie it's
like Oh anyone can make a movie and not
just that like it it invent I mean it
didn't invent it solidified the
pop-culture reference as witty dialogue
yeah which of course is a terrible thing
it didn't seem like a terrible thing at
the time it's like hey they're talking
about things that I talked about this is
neat and different they're doing that
together yeah now it's oh this is
insufferable isn't that I've never
watched the Big Bang Theory but isn't
that show kind of like in Star Trek
that's the joke we know Star Trek isn't
it that kind of type of shit oh oh you
did some miles so far jack yeah but I
don't know Oh asshole
I love inglorious bastards that's
probably one of my favorite movies of
Tarantino's it's interesting because the
movie is only like five scenes five or
six really really long scenes it's not
my favorite right it's one of my
favorites my favorite is Jackie Brown
and that's a lot of people's least
favorite I think I like that let me I
was too young
it's go that's the thing it's his most
mature movie and he's never tried to do
amateur movie sentence she's gone back
to his usual style I mean it's a tucking
little romance at the center of it
between these these you know aging
characters Pam Grier and Robert
Forrester it's it's a good movie
that's the block button I remember
seeing Jackie Brown in the theater when
it came out around Christmastime with
like my whole family I was so pumped for
it because I love pulp fiction and then
like and everybody was like oh pulp
fiction pulp fiction like it's this you
know really sort of kinetic like hi when
you watch Pulp Fiction there's a lot of
really slow stretches in it but people
remember the more visceral parts of it
and then Jackie Brown is all the boring
parts of Pulp Fiction that's not moving
so everybody was like why didn't we see
this like we wanted to be and we wanted
another Pulp Fiction everybody was so
mad that I made them all go see a movie
the chance mentioning matrix but that's
that's too close to 2000 I mean it's 99
yeah that's our 98 maybe possibly 91 of
the Phantom Menace commodity Oh God
98 somebody look up what do the matrix
come on I mean the matrix is an early
2000 yeah I don't think of a matrix is
via Heinie's movie
well yeah it technically it's a 90's
movie but it really was little B that
ushered in you know the 2000s more than
anything the arts and I know that's what
people say if it sounds so weird right
it's the most acceptable thing I've
heard yeah oh yeah Tony at one yeah
that's right people are mentioning
Wayne's World Wayne's World is the 90s
absolutely yeah I don't know what they
call these decades anymore really
century bullshit there's so much easier
once we have the roaring 20s again
anything get better turbo Jesus when do
you think the decline of The Simpsons
started I'm gonna say after I stopped
watching it I guess I don't even
remember when I stopped watching it I
just kind of got Titan above it after a
while they're not terrible people talk
about it like it's the worst thing ever
now the ones I've seen or okay but none
enough where I want to keep watching us
I don't know it's been around forever
they've done everything there's no
reason for it to continue
what would time this is better question
this point I wouldn't stop making money
so ever it'll die after the voiceover
actors die over they'll replace
something and it'll keep going kids
can't age yeah absolutely
Herrmann South Park did that thing where
the the kids went to the next grade they
were third grade for the longest time
and then one season they were in fourth
grade and that was grown as you know the
sitcoms once the kids get old and
awkward that's how they introduce new
children at least accom did that mary's
account brought in new cute little kids
never nope that was always the death of
those shows
then they bring in a little redhead kid
on Diff'rent Strokes yes I'm Gary
Coleman was getting too old they brought
it some little redhead kid wait give me
a break did with Joey Lawrence Joey
Lawrence doesn't give me a break
yeah I don't know that I know I don't
remember what you give me a break it's
very started okay you I know I think I
watched give me a break I would have
been pretty young yeah that's I always
associate John Lawrence will blossom
concept are not good shoe a concept art
that's what you find my concept dark
jacket
oh yeah seven do you remember seven I'm
married with children they run that
little kid for like a season Oh then in
the next season they just abandoned it
didn't they say like the half of the
season was just a dream or something and
they just reverted everything that they
had set out because it was all terrible
what is your I see any of those serious
about in the first place I honestly
don't remember it might have been
partially a joke I don't remember there
being like like self-aware jokes on it
though so I don't know it's been a long
time since I've seen any of that stuff
well she was just ready to be obnoxious
was the joke yeah I probably haven't
seen any of that sense of Airds if it's
their suspect
oh yeah Katie Siegel she was pregnant so
they made her pregnant on the show and
then she had a miscarriage so they had
to write around that so but I was at the
same time in 7 min on the show - I know
I don't remember but I do remember that
she was pregnant and then she had a
miscarriage so they had to rewrite the
show and that's when they did leave was
all the dream thing but there was more
going down like like - buddy was trying
to be a rapper baby it was like a
do-over like once yeah I'm so fortunate
that I had to happen is the results of
you know the actor sent me to
miscarriage but I was trying to be a
rapper because of course he was I'd be
curious to go back and I don't know if
I've watched married with children since
it originally aired I think it's all on
Netflix definitely heaven yeah I know I
liked it at the time yeah chances nice
job yeah I did right job thank you I
figured it out
no now people are saying I'm a doubter
again for some talking about deveined I
know I'm talking about kiddies sinkholes
it's what oh it's true yeah I learn new
stuff that it's part of life
mission can you smaller oh yeah yeah
yeah Jack from John Ritter what does
that have to do with the case to go hey
oh I don't even
I vaguely have an idea what that show
okay did they try and do the show after
he died so really yes not only what a
couple seasons uh really came in
maverick Tom Selleck the dad what's the
time
I don't know James Garner okay I don't
know any of this stuff you're talking
about James Garner who was brought in as
Kaiser girls dad okay I think that was
the period where I just was not watching
TV at all there was a span of a few
years where I just didn't watch anything
nothing matters I probably would not
have watched that show anyway but I
don't know why I know this
no David Spade was on that show too some
people are saying is it hasn't David
Spade been on like every sitcom he
always shows up like in the second or
third season we need to spice up our
show let's get David Spade
when Andy Dick I remember thinking Andy
Dick was really funny on Newsradio
before anyone knew who Andy Dick was
yeah I like that show yeah Phil Hartman
he was great on it he's dead - hey
stopping it down real tragedy oh yeah
that was Phil Hartman was great though
Harvin was a goddamn genius and he
wasn't even like wasn't one of the big
stars on SNL god no he was like he was
almost like the supporting player he was
always the most reliable performer the
he was so great well he was just he was
the setup man he was the everyman yeah
he was what SNL needed Dana Carvey got
more attention on SNL yeah
then fell hard Dana country's to happen
he doesn't he's not as diverse as filler
my point is I my point isn't I hate Dana
Carvey I don't want to start it is so
Harvin got second billing under him yeah
yeah Phil Hartman was weird because he
could never like I can't picture anyone
ever trying to make like a movie like a
vehicle for Phil Hartman right now yeah
like Dana Carvey they tried that always
failed he never had any like good
leading roles but like yeah no one's
gonna say you know who'd be great as our
lead character which is fine like you
need character actors you need those
supporting roles actors and there's some
people who are really great and they
take a role that might be completely
boring otherwise just a side character
and they make it interesting just by the
fact that it's them Nick Miller is
another one mr. Futterman from gremlins
that guy pops up in a movie and
automatically doesn't matter how small
the role is you're like hey Nick Miller
yeah oh yeah but they're missin the neck
piece was going
but back when your sort well shit man
damn it you didn't spend your sort about
what it is no I just like I have no
control over like I can't
excuse my my a grabber doesn't grab on
to me that's what you want him to say
you want him to say how do you do
turbo Jesus yes I am a fan of Louie have
you guys seen Louie and your watch that
show oh it's so great it got great when
he stopped trying to make it a comedy is
that like the early episodes are more
overtly funny than it eventually went
until he found his groove you're talking
about like two three episodes in maybe
but I love that show I haven't watched
the newest season but yeah it was great
I was gonna say you slider to those ones
that weren't quite I'm riding a dragon
I'm riding a robo dragon okay Chet says
this game looks great at least some of
it yeah it is you know what it's a it's
really fun it's a little I mean
obviously I'm a little light it's barely
it might get more complex and I'm
playing it on normal and I'm sure
there's a ton of like companies but this
is a this is a super grand just like
pick up and play again yes you just want
to pick up a game and press buttons and
kill robots and shit this is the game
for you I saw a video this months ago
and I thought oh that was fun yeah one
of the first gifts I got from family oh
yeah yeah I couldn't play it so bad you
couldn't play
Howard and I've not watched Game of
Thrones I've never seen it I'll talk
about I have a man crush on Peter
Dinklage so eventually I should watch it
didn't even hit 800 fucking game huh
fuckin fuckin fuckin bro I've never seen
it I haven't get the HBO's neither do I
neither do i neither do i luckily we
have some friends of HBO's they let us
come over and watch it Lisa loves those
books for Game of Thrones books yeah
that is really upset that george RR
martin is taking this sweet-ass time
write them lily has one left right is he
ready in one last book or sort of stole
he says there's only one else but yeah I
think it could be he I guess he can do
it everyone and he says constantly that
he's gonna do whatever the fuck you want
shotgun like right now right now Game of
Thrones is a huge property but he's
writing some other bookings like guess
what I'm he doesn't give a fuck about
another house
oh yeah
looks like he's up there it could be
already yeah lots of wheat we just
talked about those rich my seconds ago
yeah what was planned but he had talked
that it might take more and but yes are
basically is the shoulder of catching no
HBO though like I know they do this with
like Curb Your Enthusiasm where it's not
like a network TV show or it's a new
season every you know fall right a new
season starts like they can take their
time between seasons and he's done that
with Game of Thrones yes okay you know
II don't we only get it's only like 12
episodes right normal cuz yeah I know
hear your enthusiasm I think there was
like two three years where he didn't and
then he just came back and made another
season cuz he wanted to
it's fine sure in-game 13000 second
point it's a fine - it's very um I think
you step oh great it's very confusing
groans if I didn't have Lisa Murphy hood
right all the books explaining who
people are and what they were doing I
would be very lost all the time okay no
I haven't seen madmen that's another one
that everyone says I need to watch I
haven't gotten around to it eventually
there's a lot of shows like that yeah
Mad Men is constantly hit I still have
it I've still only seen the first season
of Breaking Bad but keep me need to get
back and do it I just haven't I don't I
don't watch a lot of TV
I haven't watching the gum oh yeah yeah
it always looked weird to me cause it
was like hey do you want to watch a
Batman show without Batman it's a really
good James Gordon oh really yeah
okay yeah I don't know if I care about
James okay he's the only clean cop and
he's trying to hang on to his wounds
permanent okay and his partner is just a
slime bag okay all right I just remember
I saw the the commercial for it and it
was like every Batman villain was shoved
into the commercial to the point where
it looks like it might be obnoxious well
this episode
let me ease up a little bit okay was
pretty primary show okay
please there's these guys yeah you know
was going to become the Riddler and
Catwoman but it's not like it's like a
new Wonder Wheel okay that's kind of
what felt like from the commercial so I
was like oh this is gonna get old Quaker
there's there's kind of like bizarre
cases yeah episode there's somebody who
by tying a weather balloon to them with
handcuffs and then what a gloom takes
off in the air and they just fly out oh
my god that's kind of slowly rises up oh
my god that sounds great that is great
no silly yeah many people have gotten
too accustomed to things thinking that
things are supposed to be the realistic
CSI yeah I like like bring back the more
fantastic old stuff bring back their
weirder things it can be a little corny
corny corny in itself is not a bad thing
and it's just a matter of how you know
how you do it yeah I almost almost
spoiled this is one section okay so I'm
not gonna say anything let's all watch
Gotham so there it's good fun
oh yeah we out last night we had rich
finally watched too many coats that's
great
I think it's reached that point now
where people talked about it so much
that now everyone's like oh fuck too
many cooks but whatever it's it's a
wonderful short film I'd watch it again
yeah it benefits from multiple viewings
the only thing that sucks about it is
the song will get stuck in your head
forever q man okay it was finally out of
my head for a while because I watched
the you know I watched it several times
in a row when it first came out and then
the song was in my head for days and
then it finally left but the downside of
that is that it was replaced by the gone
from Dawn of the Dead which has been in
my it which has been in my head for 15
years so too many cooks I was almost too
relieved the garlic hasn't been in right
now there was an episode of Star Trek
next generation where there was this
music box song that Troy kept hearing
over and over and she was going crazy oh
yeah just constantly but that's me with
the garden
back up
yes a like portal champ here he's
comparing me to many cooks to the gang
gang gang them style what I didn't like
the Harlem shakes videos cuz he's just
thinking about it like a gimmicky viral
video and it's more than that well and I
suppose there are similarities in that
they are all interesting to watch but no
well the Harlem shake is a Bible yeah
that's the pure viral just weirdness and
then spreading yeah both Gundam style
and too many cooks have craft behind
them Gundam salvo is mostly because
we're not used to that culture and so
that's why we're sure you're fascinated
by too many cooks it's a creative short
film that just happened to go viral yeah
yes there's a difference between if it'd
be like comparing like Harlem shakes and
guardians of the galaxy because they're
both really popular there really isn't
much of a similarity one's a feature
film and one is just this weird viral
thing so tivity coats flying short film
it's weird to me that you call it a
short film I do call it a short cab I
think it works as a short film it has a
story and it's thought I don't know
because that's the thing is I don't
watch a lot of that Adult Swim stuff
like I've seen some things and a lot of
it feels to serve random for the sake of
being random sure and to any cooks is
way more thought-out than that I can't
cuz the whole difference these things I
can't go through it I went to the other
side but then I got to a part where it
looked like I needed a double jump Lucy
this isn't behaving in the game you can
hate one no no no I don't want to make
it seem like I'm I like it and that's
what matters yeah no I'm good you go now
please
okay fine this is not bad game design
and be making me exploit it just really
nice actually
I think they're going down yeah yeah I
saw someone asking about Black Dynamite
have you seen Black Dynamite Jack have
you seen that movie Roger it's a parody
of like blaxploitation 70s microwave
taste movies it's really funny it's one
of the rare parody movies that come out
in like the last decade that's actually
it feels like a good parity movie oh
it's so funny okay yeah oh you don't
like Charlie thunder I liked it here's
okay you know you know what makes that
movies Robert Downey jr. everything with
his character is brilliant ya know yeah
it got a lot of praise when it came out
I didn't think it was that great but I
thought it was fine it made me laugh
okay that was a health upgrade what the
fuck oh my god thank you Mercer's friend
really appreciate it I'm sorry was that
poopy slipper poopy slipper 69 this look
for 69 okay all right looks like you
didn't do that to a slipper don't worry
about it or did you I can empathize say
sorry just for something that I
personally cause sorry sorry your
slippers got the poopy
ha respawning enemies
b.o.b hello P slippers so they're asking
what is the next best man
soonish eventually ish we have two that
are that have been shot
so we'll see I think a great I think so
too
the bull you know what the wolf be
specially they're both very special
episodes we got a little sidetracked
with t-shirt orders that kind of ate up
a lot of our time
a horrible boy yes tomorrow everything
will be released tomorrow new play gear
review comes out tomorrow hell that
reminds me in regards to the new key
takes we do still need a couple more if
people that people want to send us in
some more new details we could really
use a few more
I just didn't go far enough Lester
family okay I forgot that I could climb
how many more do five more how much c0
you sure son zero I'm sure that sir
okay so zero point I'm in the palace not
looks like it I didn't want to go man
that's fine I like just one thing it's
just it's just something jump around
isn't much up here willing strategies
good then then kill all things yeah and
that's fine occasionally you want that
absolute no neuron no hey don't you know
why cuz it's it's a fun character it
feels really good to slice someone's
like a yellow does that require there's
something satisfying about that yeah I
don't know oh there's a things guarantee
no get in there oh hey okay apparently
need to climb on the other side
no no I'm like there's like a little
rumble when you're slicing someone who's
everything the combat feels very nice
there we go um so it all works also
you're like a cyber ninja thing which
you know rate this is named destroyer or
as a cyber ninja called Strider
ah that's you know that's probably a
question for the know I think there's a
double jump I can get the probably us
well I think that's the upgrade to this
level okay
there's what I assumed because on the
other side there's something that I
can't get to without a double jump okay
okay or I some sort of pose might be
Metroidvania as where maybe you come
back later that's that's what I'm
assuming
I told them we had enough no no that's
not true that we need a couple more oh
oh we can't get shorted on our copies of
new Keith couple more like four or five
mores well just yeah just a few
now if someone wants to send us new key
on blu-ray we will gladly accept that
it's probably worth a fortune because it
doesn't exist that was gonna be my
question but what what do we all think
Spielberg's lamest movie is you haven't
seen it recently yes agreed
that's all moot though cuz that's not
Spielberg okay he didn't direct it I
won't be curious to revisit that movie I
haven't seen it okay I'm gonna say 1941
that movie fucking sucks it's
disappointing because it's got its like
Toshiro Mifune and John Belushi and like
Christopher Lee like all these great
people in it and it's just like watching
money burn on the screen that movie is
so painfully unfunny and the whole thing
looks like it was shot through a like a
like pantyhose like the whole thing is
like hazy and ugly I hate that movie
that's not Spielberg was he not oh no no
he just did the first one and that was
it
I know people are saying Crystal Skull I
forget that that's feel Bert yes it is
and that is definitely Crystal Skull
okay there you go
his heart was not in that movies
okay well that's the obvious one let's
take crystal skull out of the equation
so that came up this is an interesting
talk oh yeah that's true that's true
yeah crystal stole almost goes without
saying yeah I'm gonna say 1941 yeah you
higher over son I've never seen that one
some people say hooked is lame I
remember liking hooked but I haven't
seen it since I was here yeah I haven't
seen it since I was a kid no hooks and
hooks are good enough concepts and
executed even though it's supposed to be
like realistic Peter Pan is still
executed with the Spielberg in like
heart sheriff so high I'm independent oh
I think it's a fine movie I've never
personally been yeah big of a fan of it
it's a fine movie but I never laid never
it never connected whether they never
clicked with me he's made some pretty
great movies producer like what would
you say that's true he produced gremlins
I guess I kind of forget what he
produces Back to the Future that's true
poltergeist yeah yeah you have pretty
some pretty great movies but he's also
made some really great news I'm just
wondering if once that he's just just
produced
like I'm wondering if I had attractive
features if I enjoyed that more than
anything else I've seen that section
that he's actually directed um oh boy
let's talk I do really love jaws like
gremlins is one of my favorite movies
ever
when grandmum's is great I definitely
like gremlins more than I like any
Spielberg directed Rafiki I guess
now a sinner man brings up a good point
he produced ghosts poltergeists which
means there's a lot of talk that he
actually directed most of that movie
well he wasn't supposed to be the
director but the director was tobe
Hooper I'm a detective Chainsaw Massacre
who outside of Texas Chainsaw Massacre
is kind of a hack so there's a lot of
talk that there was a lot of like
fighting behind the scenes and Spielberg
basically came in to try and save the
movie because it wasn't going well so
some people say that Spielberg kind of
ghost directed that movie this is
interesting this is news and if you look
at it it looks like a Spielberg movie
yeah it definitely looks like a
Spielberg movie more so than a tobe
Hooper movie
no lost world that's pretty lame yeah
yeah you directed the second Jurassic
Park movie men that is pretty lame I
haven't seen it but I don't think AI was
received that well yeah hey I has some
good things in it I just remember it
felt like it was ending like five times
and then just go away
hey Isaiah is a very interesting movie
to watch because you can see exactly
where Kubrick left off yeah Spielberg
comes in yeah and it's it's jarring but
it's also kind of interesting oh shit
someone brought up that Spielberg
produced the Transformers movies I
forgot about that
oh I completely forgot to produce those
yes Spielberg's Twilight Zone segment
does suck which one was his it's the one
with the old folks home and they'll turn
into little kids salty pure Spielberg
why is it in a Twilight Zone movie
because I'm sure was it just feels so at
a place with the other stories in that
cuz they're more you know that like
darker horror type stories I'm just
doing the Twilight telling woody was the
birth of amazing stories probably oh
yeah that's the Spielberg produced that
I liked a lot was amazing story
oh great jack
I feel like I'm doing great is it
improving as you get more moves um I
haven't gotten anything bad
great great yet all right all right so
no comment I played it a little bit I've
gotten spurs you up okay Sam mange talks
about the Twilight Zone movie we know
where this is going now we already
talked about that
the John Landis segment we talked about
that under previous stream we won't go
back into that all right so so for the
record you brought it up chat now me
that's true no no you're not you're
talking about I'm talking about other
people talking about it that's different
no I can't name a bad Stanley Kubrick
film I haven't I even seen all of them
but I've liked everyone I've seen can
anyone name a bad Kubrick film I haven't
I haven't seen it good I don't know that
people know Eyes Wide Shut though didn't
really finish it ma he mostly finished
it it was basically done when he died
but I like eyes wide shut no it was it
was all in this it was edited yeah I
think there was there some final
post-production work still be done but
he shot the whole thing happen what is
it whatever an actor or somebody
involvement of sometimes it's always
like near the end of their revolver
fortunately
I'm trying to think of like a yeah yeah
that was Heath Ledger like Jedi make it
either
yeah I was thinking of the Dark Knight
and I was like oh he died well after
that was done but now I'm like Eyes Wide
Shut I'd like that movie lon
you know we recently wasn't further
walking film faster what was going we
saw 3000 wasn't one yeah that even I
mean it's it's good but discuss some
problems so I think you got the problem
can't they both be true you're you're
tempting fate it's a great mm wasn't a
great movie but it's got some problem
what would you say your problems are the
day I mean obviously very slow yes
that's great little monkey stuff with
her yet it's all the stuff to inspire us
you almost up in space it's like long
slow shots and people just say nothing
and - do you do have to look at it in
context of when it was made though yeah
I mean it was that was a cinematic
experience yeah no one had seen anything
like that yes but you do have to keep
that in mind there are some segments
which could have been eased okay man oh
god you mean I haven't even seen some of
his early movies let me see what he did
right before 2001 the chronology of his
movies I always get confused
oh yeah fear and desire killers kiss the
killing paths blurry Spartacus Lolita
strange lump before 2001 okay yeah dr.
Strangelove den 2001 10 Clockwork Orange
Spartacus is a fun movie
I've never seen Spartacus oh it's fun
I've never seen that's good it's not
very cool Ricky what's sure well he yeah
he didn't movies then become Kubrick eat
so a little bit later in his career here
okay but also I don't want to leave this
long big probably 2001 um the entire
thing everyone remembers about that
movie the the sentient AI yeah help help
has nothing to do with the movie like
that has nothing to do with like the
movies about evolution and that's that
partially on evolution and that's the
evolution of you know even becomes from
monkeys to man so yeah but it's not big
like I always assume dude you know I
guess I was half paying attention or
whatnot when I was it was late when you
watched this when I was on army what
else yes okay
hell is a tool but I feel like I always
assumed that house for second version
was because of the monolith house forced
evolution you know any other like pal
turns into like a helpful or computer to
a homicidal computer right because it's
trying to oh because it knows that
they're gonna kill him oh okay
it knows that it's gonna kill him or why
do they want to kill how again I forget
that bridge the same check please stop
that's probably yeah it's probably a bad
idea to try to talk about 2001 while
you're played a video game to see
exactly right oh yeah sorry I'm having
trouble gathering my thoughts but the
hell sub story has very little to do
with the actual plot of them
which is finding the source where the
movie doesn't have a its traditional
plot then begin with which is fine yeah
which is fine it's just it was just it
was unnerving watching again I'm on the
trunk just stop as an adult and just
being like why oh why do we care about
this house stuff like they're on a
mission to you know Imogen is a large
party so it's all the work Jax is going
to talk about why he got caught you know
what I've never seen the Godfather Part
two until really recently now I've heard
everything
oh oh that's weird
I've never seen three how why would you
see three I think we talked about this
once before okay because my grandmother
could never leave me home alone oh she
was ridiculous and overprotective and
she wanted five three okay so I and you
went to seek out other three yeah I saw
two in a theatre I saw a 35-millimeter
print at the the Egyptian Theatre in LA
that was the first time I ever saw it
like that's the perfect way to see it it
was great I think it's a you know what
I've seen the first one I have to
re-watch it I haven't seen in probably a
decade
and I I'm I think I could watch it and
recognize that it's a great movie but I
didn't connect with it in any way where
is this like I like I felt like an
outsider where it's like this is good
but it's not doing anything for me yeah
I don't like the second one WODs
I need to go back and re-watch the first
one almost
you know you're like a upgrade haha well
you know you you know where to see Oh Oh
No see yes they're talking you you know
where the secret you know where the
secret things aren't video game oh damn
it where it's like it's like oh here's a
round that's not the main ROG I guess if
I go there that's where the secret all
right yeah
Nico : did i watch any movies this week
I watched exactly one movie this week
and after talking about no no not not
related to because that's not a movie
right I watched one movie after talking
about 2001 and Kubrick and Spielberg the
movie I watched this week was the gate
part two they made a sequel have you
guys seen the gate oh oh the gates great
that's a great like children yeah it's
like it's like it's a good kids horror
movie and it has some creepy stuff in it
but yeah they made a sequel and it's not
available anywhere I don't even think
it's on DVD but the whole movie was on
youtube so i watch the deep part 2 the
other night it lacks everything that
makes the first one charm even but it's
still kind of an okay a little movie I
know a lot of people that no one's seen
it but a few that have didn't like it
but that is alright the gate is a
children's horror movie yeah no that's
the cell that's the cell
yeah no the gate is an 80s movie Stephen
Dorff is a little kid yeah yeah the day
rod pulling out this old tree in the
back of this kid's house and underneath
like the the hole where the tree was is
the gateway to hell basically and all
these little demon creatures come out
and it's really good it's a good little
kids movie
hi-yah and then they made a sequel that
said um apparently it was shelved for
like three years cuz it wasn't nobody
wanted to see it it's that bad does it
continue the story or just like the game
it's the if you I don't know if you
remember but there's the main kid and
then he has like his best friend
oh god I don't even remember how it ends
I don't think it's a dream I think he's
like that why they I remember there's a
giant monster at the ends that they
defeats and then I think the house goes
back to noir oh yeah with like a rocket
that's right and then I think the house
goes back to normal after being
destroyed or something oh god I don't
remember I could be wrong but the second
one is the kids his friends from the
first movie the whole he's the main
character the second one okay and he
he's convinced that everything that
happened that was every bad thing to
happen the first movie happen because
they didn't do like the satanic rituals
properly so he tries to do it again
because his dad is like an alcoholic and
he's unemployed and so he wants to
summon up the little demon creatures
because they grant wishes and he wants
he wants his dad to stop drinking and
get a good job and that's the quality of
it it's really weird but it kind of
works does he feel bad for the kid so he
summons a full demon creatures to try
and make his life better and they grant
these wishes but the wishes go bad after
a while oh yeah
but he just can't move to his left or
right jack straighter they just can't do
it
I mean you can't come to me oh I know oh
I guess I get with you
yeah yeah that's bad
what the fucking fuck it's Joe being mad
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciated
conversation good good that's all we got
right I can guarantee I'm the only one
you've ever heard talk about the gate
part to a king they've dedicate
semesters to it
Lucan sequel favorite I don't
oh god I know you won't even know how do
you determine whether or not sequels in
legitimate good sequel alright most
sequels are cash grabs that's the reason
they exists so then the question is just
what's your favorite seat yeah
aliens um oh boy what would be my
favorite sequel maybe gremlins - my
favorite anything aside from gremlins -
I don't know oh my god oh my god just
bread he summoned the fire eagle and
it's not taking him into the sky I think
it's a laser eagle I have no idea
yeah it does everything from I guess I
have no idea all right the way I hate
said well do a lot of jumping try this
out this is - this is gonna be a jumping
maneuver because we have the segment
oh if someone mentioned Empire Strikes
Back oh I've heard some people say that
they don't consider Empire Strikes Back
a sequel it's a sequel of course it's
the only reason it exists because the
first one was successful it's a sequel
and yeah that's probably the best sequel
that's better than first movie it's not
yeah it's not only the best sequel it's
called what are the best movies ever so
yeah Empire Strikes Back yeah yeah more
than Empire Strikes Back I mean
obviously I'm assuming you like
rothmeyer Strikes Back before the aliens
but okay as relative to how much I like
the first one okay
I like aliens a lot more than I like or
good yes well I still like Star Wars and
Empire I gotta like Empire war but not
there's not as great differential okay
that's fair enough
how does this work
the LP and yeah keep sending this thing
I don't jump while you're jumping it's a
jump didn't it
this controls do this moves no just no
just try try again
I'll be in the bottom - wait so the
right thing gets to the meter oh okay Oh
slowly over time I get ready oh my man
yeah
so just kills enemies oh you're fine
killing enemies on your own right
fucking laser sword
what yeah I need to jump there well
isn't so when you just stand still and
press why this is still taking zero now
you pressing like well why does it okay
why doesn't ever cut ba jumps ain't no
wife in an uppercut that's you palpable
also also a good hop in /w ever got
okay I was just in love with the ability
to us I mean she's not a reviewer I
guess technically we're not either
honestly I don't know I hadn't really
thought of it yeah yeah the specific
reason why I just now hasn't worked out
that way hasn't come up she didn't
mention to me recently shit that she say
I don't know we were talking about best
of the worst or something and she said
that she thought she would be really bad
on it so really yeah so I don't think
she has much of an interest in doing it
either my dragon friend oh the new
Terminator trailer what did everybody
think of the new Terminator trailer
remember I'll be back remember that yeah
I don't know nothing about it looks
interesting to me like some franchises
where it's like the first movie feels so
self-contained it doesn't need to be a
franchise and that first Terminator
movie is a perfect little movie it's a
rear tube is good I like to rate a lot I
don't like it more than the first one
but even that like it could have ended
there the whole line thing is like we
need to stop Judgment Day and then you
see the trailer for this new movie and
that's a line on the trailer again so we
can
Judgment Day like we're still doing this
like I don't know sound like to a lot I
don't think that interesting no it's all
about Sarah Connor yeah the fact that
she's she's she's she should be more of
the main character that she is because
she's great in the movie and the fact
that because of the events of the first
one she's like this crazy person like
that's great and even though it like
everybody shits on salvation like at
least that new is trying to go in a
different direction
but now we're back again we gotta travel
back in time and protect Sarah Connor no
Sarah Connors a badass it's like I just
like it's so boring
that's what it looks like and that does
not interest me at all especially
especially like I don't know like back
to the future is a comedy like you can
get away with stuff like that but yeah
like when it's a time travel movie like
The Terminator like and they accomplish
their goal at the end of the first movie
and then you have this new movie come
out or it's like oh fuck that never even
happened anymore yeah assuming that's
what they're doing which is what it
looks like it's like yeah it's
completely erasing the the best movie in
the series like I don't care I
as a Star Trek fan after onine say well
but at least with that it wasn't that
they erased history they just are in a
different timeline ready I mean this is
nerdy's kind of establish head okay you
change history
you've changed history okay that's in
the TV Cherie series that's how it works
okay now because things were kind of
upset about that then if they kind of
pulled the old different time you know
time travel than the show's always
change things are different now we have
to put them back yeah yeah okay but yeah
I mean especially with terminator world
that's the entire point is travelling
back in time to change the future like
more so than it is with Star Trek like
they knew time travel on Star Trek but
that's not the entire focus yeah that is
the focus of terminator yeah then just
the effects like that I mean I know it's
a teaser or whatever but why is it that
like between the Jurassic Park the
Jurassic world teaser and the new
Terminator teaser like why did effects
look so much better
20 fucking years ago like the CG of
these new things just looks terrible
because so flashy and the uncanny
uncanny valley yeah there's something
about a model that looks real because it
is well specifically talking about a
Raider and Jurassic Park like there was
CG in those movies and the CG in those
movies looks better than the CG and the
trailers for the new movies because know
you sparing things they don't know well
they you see in Jurassic Park yeah they
use the CG exactly how they live
Marthe yeah they weren't they weren't
pushing the boundaries right yeah yeah
it's a good balance impractical I mean
like oh yeah billion we have this creepy
alien instead of just walking around
like a normal creature would its gonna
jump all over the screen I like that
that's one CG goes wrong that's exactly
what happened yeah apart it was well
we're not going to use a puppet to do
this so we'll just have the computer do
what the puppet would have done yeah
yeah
why would you make what have you 20 -
what's the traffic in this future city
is so dense that you won't believe that
cause I'm eating each other consulate
which yeah I'm sorry oh well maybe
you're not supposed to go over here oh
yeah good I came for your eyes well
obviously this was part of - then you
have to get this didn't say you have to
go do this is the only place left to go
it's my backup
yeah the other place is um the other
place is the fanny the jump the double
jump forwards I don't have people are
saying jump slide later oh that means
there's no joke oh can you slide in
midair jump and then do the slide move
No No maybe maybe there's a jump slide
you can find I'm not sure I haven't
gotten this far like my time with a new
computer for the most part I've been
spent trying to get my old games to even
run right so I played this for a little
bit and I started up Blood Dragon right
that was about it
I don't I think I'm supposed to use that
fire or the laser bird thing but I don't
know how to use it it's a good thing
videogame characters can't feel pain
poor jack would be history's greatest
monster all right anything about jump
slides and how Jack and goodbye her
because I have no idea jack Oh over here
is Vic the birthday boy and cap so he's
screaming right past it
so else in all caps you passed it I
passed to go back to red thing go back
to red thing use the eagle on the red
icon on the map use the evil in the red
icon back okay come on yes that's right
you shit your pants to be eagle on the
red icon map okay
oh my god you went you went to his left
oh okay I guess I guess that makes sense
okay I'm fine sorry for being a
crocodile brain it's fine they say
you're fucking local says don't forget
to play Thank You Cameron Mitchell any
chance of seeing more Dark Souls with my
new PC is a possibility yeah but like I
said there's like a laundry list of shit
I'd probably like to play No so gonna
win also some certain assholes we know
kind of ruined Dark Souls for us who
ruined Dark Souls Magette
oh is that when they were giving bad
direction i yeah yeah well the present
advice wasn't bad but resistance yeah a
little resistance yeah yeah a little
resistance all right 20 the game was
sent you ages which game did you send me
ages ago you don't remember offhand
particularly I I will not forget to play
killer is that like so that's another
one I could not play yes I know it's a
suit of 51 game I really wanna play
oh yeah oh you're ready I'll call to
look that I took a bit like metal gear
but that much more about actually by the
way you can say that about most gear
yeah that was a DC fighting game called
injustice totally not Jake you should
continue to watch the stream and then
when it's done then watch samurai cop oh
that's the order of events you just get
the same really right yes it on blue
right well although it's weird that you
would buy the blu-ray without seeing the
movie I guess you just put that much
trust in our judgment the blu-ray is a
little pricey though is it it's like
really books or someone's a normal
person editorial um it depends it's gone
down a lot like 15 I've got some scream
factory DVD Hulu grace for like 15 bucks
oh nice make it 20 25 for my breaker or
movies
yeah austere fresh out yeah yeah like
bigger stuff well you know what niche
property you can charge more for I guess
I was not paying attention to that
cutscene oh I I will say though I did I
am curious to see the quality of samurai
cop on blu-ray yeah we should we should
be getting some copies we don't have
them yet and why should you be getting
copies J no because our interview is
featured on the blu-ray yeah it's true
that's great
hates trip they want t-shirts and then
they could play you guys the t-shirt is
$30 now it is overhead we've all theirs
yeah and their quality t-shirts this is
that cheap crap you're not putting out
30 thousand t-shirts yeah yeah those are
the kind of things that bring costs down
by the hour production run no a hundred
or two yeah
no we're not trying to you know gouge
anybody but they're you know we have to
make back what it costs to get them
printed and you know process the orders
and mail them out and do all that labor
and stuff so we're trying to be
reasonable here reasonable that sounds
we're we're not out to screw anybody
over we don't want to do that we
appreciate you guys and they are
legitimately nice they're good shirts we
don't have any sizes that I can wear but
but they're good that's your penis oh
yeah this isn't like a print to order
thing to it's like you order one and
they print it like you had to order them
first and hope to sell them right
mark Besson yes there will probably be a
limited VHS run space cop because I
enjoy making the the VHS covers that's
what that's one of my favorite things to
do yeah they're all slightly different
but they'll put the stickers in
different places and do different things
so yeah they're always every VHS tape
I've made has been slightly unique I
very much enjoy doing that
crocodile rain
about mediums or some medium yeah
mediums are the red letter media shirt
or sold out well there you go start
packing on that holiday wait you're fine
turkey Turkey turkeys lean though oh
then gravy you eat all the gravies
french fries get some poutine poutine
once in my life and I thought all this
can't be good but I ain't gonna give it
a shot and it was good mmm
he's gonna hunt Oh Nico Cola I have to
answer this question because it's one of
the biggest regrets of my life
Zef Caniff i've ever been to a showing
at the cinah family theater in LA I went
to LA a few months ago one of my main
reasons for going there was they were
having a Friday the 13th Marathon on
Friday the 13th I was so excited so i
pre-ordered my tickets I was and that
was like my deciding factor and that's
why I was gonna go to LA for vacation
get out there was kind of jet LAG's and
I was hanging out with a friends it was
the first day in town was the night of
the 13th marathon and we decided oh fuck
it like I'm not let's not go let's just
hang out we'll have some drinks so we
didn't go find out later because the
Senate family is a small theater it's
like seats like a hundred people or
something like that
apparently Quentin Tarantino was there
just like hanging out and chatting with
people and I completely visited why did
you not go because I was I was worn out
from traveling and I was hanging out
with a friends and
let's just keep hanging out like I know
that was one of my deciding factors for
coming out here but you know what we're
having fun regardless so you're just
decided to skip it and then yeah I
missed out on lots of lots of fun stuff
so I do it was the Tommy Jarvis trilogy
is what they were playing which is
actually the what is that part by four
or five and six Corey Feldman and that
other guy Corey felt then two other guys
every movie it's a different guy really
yep but yeah apparently Tarantino was
there just hanging out Noel
oh wow yes mr. glitch I blew the entire
reason I flew out there
it wasn't the entire reason it was the
deciding factor blow it
no I re I broke your floor lady no he
was in part 4 but he's awesome Tommy
Jarvis ok what would I have told
Tarantino that's the thing though is
like I probably wouldn't even talk to
him like I don't like bothering people
I'm not particularly starstruck ever so
I probably would have done anything but
I like that thing you get yeah I don't
like doing not only being that guy but
just you know being in the area of him
like would have been like hey there is
that's kind of neat hey I I recognize
that so blades a lot some waves in the
future I guess they haven't quite
perfected laser cutting
like everyone in do twitch chat is that
guy Jake is that guy
I have the fan wants to talk to oh well
this is the forum this is a proper forum
that's true yeah yeah yeah this is
something we set up specifically like if
Tarantino is doing si a QA yeah then you
like oh yes now I will talk to ya know
Tarantino was just there because
apparently he's a fan of the Friday the
13th sequels yeah and the fruits and a
family is an awesome theater so is the
next time next time gadget I'll go to
something that's in a family whenever
I'm in LA next which probably won't be
anytime soon
I might be a big dum-dum me big I
thought it was not that big I tell me
dumb oh yeah oh nevermind man tell me
don't go a little bit I was trying to
I'm trying to do a secret
hey it's fish Evans I had that Africa
yeah I think that's the most like it not
that we get recognized all that much but
I think occasionally when it does happen
the person will go red letter media neck
they don't address you by name they just
they say that letter media you say hey
and that's it yeah it's very rare that
happens though fuck off
I do which is real people like not be
able to come up it's in everybody's hold
your own kit recognizing space cop car
oh that's funny
space captain isn't even a movie yet his
father was like what the fuck man that's
what it
if you are humorous a friend they did
send me a message I'll talk to you
that's fine that's fine unless you're
just trying to like jerk or something
weird but no no okay
I got nothing to do
but you want to tell them the fucker
there's something I don't want to talk
to I just won't talk to them yeah well
yeah there's no reason to be a jury
usually I had somebody just send me
something like I'm not talking work yeah
that's the thing when people do that
like they were the only way to beat them
is to not engage yeah like that's what
they want is to get a reaction out of
you I don't know what that impulse is I
want to try and annoy this person like I
can't even wrap my brain around why
someone would want to do that but yeah
that's the only thing you knew is just
nothing don't let it affect it
no cool or fake then shouting into them
nothing oh I like the sound it yeah I'm
just gonna try hitting it for a little
bit that looks that looks too special to
just be a walk through a door or
something vent on the right Oh
do I do birthday parties no just your
own how much money do you have that's
the right answer rich
I'll do a birthday for $1,000 and travel
costs whoo Wow
that's in this pretty chic Oh Krieger
yes in regards the comments under the
the OE Oh bitch fest I'm the rich Evans
reaction video oh I don't even know
what's going on there there's weird
things going out on the comments on our
website right now I don't understand it
at all but there's there's lots of lots
of bickering amongst three or four
people I don't know what it is comment
section comment section well well it was
under the t-shirt video oh maybe I don't
even know I don't know what started it I
don't know what it's about
make sure your cake is no nuts in it yes
that's important you can just sit there
quietly
people are saying follow the arrow Jack
what they're saying there is literally
an arrow there's literally an arrow ah
on your use your little blue blip on the
radar
yeah oh yeah there is literally no I
know I'm just exploring yeah I think
jack is just having fun yeah no I'm not
I'm not used to taking it that serious
I'm not lost I'm looking for secrets
rich which games would you like the
livestream Hermann no no definitely I
might like try off your son come close
to that one a couple times I've never
actually done it I might try and redo
ones and games I've done on before No
More Heroes maximo one see if I do
stream a note that fun it's gonna be the
dullest fucking stream ever because my
phone concentration is gonna be going
then again so before one you might not
bother
I don't know what that open that hurt
her at all
like great fights
yeah we can very nice and Carter :
he's bright and colorful and nice all
right
is that fun there's no big strategy here
okay I want to play at wrong game the
continuities into bloom Sun wasn't the
star it was uh first box for each box
later
oh okay I'm a character in that game wow
it's a first-person shooter where you
like throw the disc to but you
definitely can use my block this first
person seems like an odd choice for
exotics I don't know how you would fare
with it because your emergency game
brothers right person thing so I'm gonna
drive around a light cycle by cycle
something like that okay at minigames
that conveyed its own separate thing you
don't have to play the main game you get
you can get how come you can just play
the light cycle portion
and get behind that I'm alright hey I
got the fucking double jump yay oh this
is all I wanted all right I'm good now
this is fun yeah no this is fun okay I
want to go back now can't go back why
water they didn't look especially deep
it just looked like a good fun action
platformer yeah yep
I now they got dum dum know this shit's
happening now it's for real you're
welcome would you try some Robocraft
sometime I don't know what the fuck that
is how do you save paddies
hey auto-saves auto-saves when when does
when does it autosave I'm not sure cuz I
don't know I have been paying attention
I guess that's that's why they say the
spot okay
hi hey guys we're gonna take another
break we're gonna take a break but um
we're chuckles has a Christmas card
Oh won't be back figure out what we want
Bob we're gonna play down we'll come
back and play it don't shit your pants
what the fuck indeed Atlas is dead thank

[Part III]
you guys we're back we're gonna play
don't shit your pants shit your pants
more importantly my great Mike was like
wait don't shit your pants don't shit
your pants this is my first game
oh no I played the guy with a game where
the runner was trying to jump over
hurdles yeah and I was very bad at that
you played clop clop right guess who
wasn't bad at that I know okay I just
wanted him now
yeah to start game to step right play
I'm uh you going
I'm very good at shitting my pants so
sure I don't shit your pants he's gonna
be hard for you to that I'm gonna be
fine you're exactly yeah
okay instructions to start tight play to
view achievements type rewards
oh don't shit your pants type delete to
delete your file okay this is the
keyboard you actually have to use the
little round one we also lost and click
on the window oh oh this just got more
complicated Oh window there's two
Mouse's keyboard thank you wait how
quaint
okay so play oh wait I'm an email
address field Oh guys that we're gonna
be here click on that
Oh down here this is a thing there you
go movie mouse cursor cuz it sounds
listen
oh oh okay there you go wait okay uh you
really kind of maximize this no oh yes
okay fucked on my dice credo nothing oh
shit sorry how do I get it small or not
up there by the head vertex yeah there
you go just like that
yeah okay you really need to take a shit
what do you need to do how do you play
this game did my oil I look around
wait right there
yeah yeah okay you're running out of
time okay good
picking his head do something I know how
to good no you shit your pants this is a
game that somebody made okay yes okay um
I know how he is bathroom
oh I don't know how to better try to
open the door uh oh yeah open door Ellis
yet thank you for subscribing and minja
dinosaurs push door paperwork
it said play goobers exciting we're very
much appreciate it Oh No Oh turn handle
turn knob oh it's the goal to get from
this one room I live like door to the
bathroom hold on there's the thing that
says instructions okay i generate
roguelite with an in-depth heritage
system and right here you're at the
bottom this girl okay oh here start by
clicking next to the tiny are on the
bottom of the game ball I'll play if
you're stuck make sure to look awesome
at everything you can oh so like maybe
type stuffs like look around or doors or
yeah okay oh let's try it again not to
shit your pants
how can you help maybe more you play can
you can you like scroll the screen down
a little bit so it's Oh see see how to
see it right there there's somewhere
with what we're broadcasting thank I'll
go off a little bit more
right there perfect okay perfect all
right are you moving it by itself okay
is that good yeah right okay um okay
what about you look around look you're a
room with a door you're wearing shirt
and pants you have no hair okay look at
door door this is it hard open up open
door turn not the door can you can the
command be don't shit pants shit on door
shit my pants just get over was it work
so is there just one really specific
command you have to figure out I guess
that the idea yes is it turn handle take
off shirt maybe you can shit into the
shirt oh is that weird
oh wait I have a solution
yes the game visit the title isn't go to
the toilet the title is don't shit your
pants no pants rich Evans shit he's
rated yoga pants
yeah the upper pants yeah so we won well
that's the game I guess Ram huh don't
shit your pants oh you better take off
pant soon all right great
well like that well thanks for coming
out everybody I think we had a great
time tonight thank you to all the new
subscribers we got thank you to all the
old subscribers and thanks to everyone
else who just came up to watch us not
shit our pants so that's that's it
goodbye everybody
leave this this is what they need
