Oct 5, 2014
FTL, Solitaire, MS Paint
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45416029
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45416321
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45416204
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbtcDYmErWc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sBqpmhr7BY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/518851666532384770
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/518904226232414208
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/518976031894409217

[Part I]
Transcript missing

[Part II]
oh that's fantastic don't you think yes
yes I guess we should wait for some kind
of confirmation from the shed and we are
audible this is loading video so that's
really good
sorry just business what's gonna hammer
we just chatting along I see if
solitaire up that's wonderful that's
just wonderful
so guys I landed I landed in Milwaukee
about an hour ago and and I get home I
got home maybe a half an hour ago after
and we're gonna talk about what all
happened with Rich's crazy debacle time
but I've been spending this time like I
wanted to show you something on the
screen and so I I thought I could just
do some like Photoshop stuff and be
really funny like that but that would
mean streaming on my Mac end and there
was all sorts of craziness and so I'm
just gonna play solitaire I don't think
there's even gonna be like any sound for
you guys except for us talking you guys
rich yes I tried what happened with your
computer well what happened was before I
had a chance to test any of the software
out you sent out a tweet saying that I
was going to stream tonight
that's what happened Jack I confirmed
with you and you said you were tweeting
it said I was going to try to stream I
said I wanted I was gonna download the
software we could take a little Mike let
me play around with this we'll see what
happens mom okay and then I I played
around with it and I know I try to think
you're gonna tweet it out III have to
keep the peep okay I'm not mad at you
but you know III was getting everything
set up and then I went to your preview
stream and I was just getting a frozen
image FFT l mmm and that kept happening
I thought well maybe it'll be different
if I do a test stream maybe it's maybe
it's streaming maybe just weird with the
preview I didn't know mmm III I tried to
stream then the computer it didn't crash
it just shut off that's the most like
mazing part I know like like it was like
power outage isolated to my computer
shut off didn't shut down it just shut
off I thought well well that's odd
so I restarted the computer mm-hmm let's
try streaming again the according to the
chat what they were saying was half the
screen of FTL as a freeze-frame with me
talking and then my computer shut itself
off again and I think open broadcaster
might be melting my CPU so at at that
point I gave up even trying to get it to
work because I don't want to be without
a computer right I try a solo stream
someday but I will need a new computer
sure this thing I built this myself like
five and a half years ago so it's it's
not up to stuff anymore
that's a that's okay but no I've been
chatting with everybody you have do you
have been honest I think everyone really
appreciates that from you I I opened the
chat up to some mass effect questions oh
my god you guys have been talking
finally got to grill me about Mass
Effect and then you miss my Batman rant
you have a Batman rant I had a Batman
rant old school classic rent yeah here's
here's here's the gist of it okay okay
cuz you know the Batman vs. spider-man
from that other stream came up oh sure
and I said you know Batman would be the
spider-man well this time I said that
spider-man is a more realistic and
believable character than Batman and you
know you might you might look at that
and say that's crazy these things the
walls yeah and he jumps 20 feet straight
up and and and he can lift cars
how could Spiderman ever be a more
realistic character than Batman those
are all fine questions my argument is
this okay
with spider-man you're you're making one
suspension of disbelief one yet you have
to buy
the powers and other than that
spider-man is a fully realized
believable character Batman is a a 12
year old kid who watched his parents
died he's also a millionaire super
genius hmm and despite watching just
like what would you think what happened
to a 12 year old millionaire who watched
to this billionaire who watched his
parents die what would they do what
would their reaction be as a human being
you know they would probably spend their
fortune attempting to drink they're
exactly what I said they would
eventually become an alcoholic or a
hedonist and they would try to drown
their pain away
absolutely but as a 12 year old Batman
has the the forethought to to not only
not be adopted I've read one explanation
once that he cluttered as a
twelve-year-old cluttered the system up
with paperwork so he wouldn't be adopted
I thought in the alfred alfred adopted
I'm kind of I'm sure you know they
rewrite history constantly with DC so
I'm sure both of those stories have been
true at some point and then the the the
fortitude as a young child to train
diligently for 10 years to become an
absolute expert in k

[Part III]
this game dumb let's play another game
you you go and do that let's see what
else we got here
why don't you play checkers huh why
don't you play checkers I can't play
fucking checkers I don't want to play
fucking sugars play play Microsoft Paint
play Microsoft Paint
I just put Microsoft fade up and doodle
okay I'll do that
okay okay I can do this you know octave
J we are allowed to disagree about
Batman and spider-man that's a fine
thing it's a fine healthy thing is acted
a Batman er yeah I you know only Batman
- Batman is my second favorite
comic-book character hmm but he would
what Batman in a fight spider-man would
just just clean his clock I mean I agree
with you
best spider-man villain jack best
spider-man villain yes uh we're gonna
comic book yeah I work best spider-man
villain it's the only thing that matters
no no you know it's what universe you're
in ah oh man any even go any comic book
universe sure no I'm thinking I really
like um best fill and I'm gonna say I'm
gonna say one thing that I think is
really true that I know it's
controversial okay I really do think
it's venom okay yeah and I know you have
issues with Venom's backstory yes which
I agree is crazy cheesy here hold on
here's what I'm going to do and draw a
venom
here's some arms and here's a whoopsy I
messed up hold on here's some legs a
little venom later on this chest right I
have to erase how do i erase this paint
white over it nope that's black stuff
venom is limited to his look all right
if if todd mcfarlane didn't get bored
and draw a mouth on venom venom would
have been forgotten if Erik Larsen
didn't take that and exaggerate it and
give him jagged teeth yeah everyone
might have forgotten about venom it's
it's very true but venom I I preferred
that costume as spider-man's alternate
look venom and now that's been ruined as
spider-man's alternate look alternate
costume because of venom venom but
actually I actually love spider-man in
the black and white costume oh here
we'll give him bloody teeth he's bloody
to you
venom is the perfect spider-man villain
okay only a dress Piderman his his
backstory is when I was a reporter you
found the real killer and then my
reporting career was was ruined so now
I'm gonna kill you right and that's
that's horribly lame I agree that's the
weakest motivation to kill somebody ever
he doesn't necessarily want to kill
spider-man he just he wants to be
spider-man okay and he is the
supervillain that nullifies spider-man's
fighter power yes despite her sins and
that is huge because that means
spider-man has to learn how to rely on
you know like the the the big thing with
the venom arc is it has spider-man has
to rely on something he doesn't rely on
often which is his confidence you know
he needs to use his brains while he's
fighting experiment always uses his
brains while he's fighting no you know
but maybe he was relying too
heavily on on the spider-sense here's
the thing I'm gonna say I have okay
that's a fine thing in my opinion that
doesn't make venom best villain of all
time though you know it's hard it's hard
to thing but I keep interrupting and I
apologize please go on I'm sorry I will
shut up
it's all fine rich you do it you do
whatever here spider-man shooting the
web now the other thing I'm thinking of
is there's a really wonderful run of a
sand band
I don't think Sandman is a terribly
interesting villain but that a lot of
excellent writers have done cool stuff
with him there's a really cool comic I
want to say it's a Peter Parker
spider-man in which he runs into the
different sections of Sandman's
personalities that have all been split
into different sand people mm-hmm and
you know one is a little kid and one is
a woman and one is it is the tough man
and he runs into all these different
people that turn out to be different
parts of Sandman's personality okay and
I thought that was a really neat run so
no rich best spider-man villain I've
always been fond of Doc Ock and it's
just a classic moment is so it's just a
weird visual to this this kind of pudgy
guy with these four weird arms coming
out of his side's
I could I can tell you I'm you know was
I've also been fond of Hobgoblin how did
that one
yeah he's the Green Goblin done right
that that classic Hobgoblin terror in
like the 80s when they first introduced
the Hobgoblin that that was the shed for
me that was that to me that that is peak
spider-man all right I could get back
again I can tell you who I think is most
overrated villainous oh my um this might
be controversial oh my god hold on dear
but Norman Osborn is by far the most
overrated villain Norman Norman was far
more effective when
he was dead he was always like you know
the ghost haunting spider-man's past
though you know the one who killed Gwen
and then then they brought Norman back
from the grave and it's it's terrible
because he keeps trying to kill
spider-man and failing even though he's
like this rich man with all these
resources and Peter Parker's just like a
20-something schlubby photographer so
you mean Norman Osborn it's kind of like
Batman and spider-man keeps winning
Norman Osborn comes off like an idiot
who keeps trying to kill an ant with a
tank and failing coming back from the
dead was the worst thing that ever
happened to Norman Osborn mm-hm I'm
gonna draw a pumpkin bomb while you talk
about Norman Osborn I think I'm done
talking about Norman Osborn but oh no
I'm not my pumpkin Batman oh you just
keep talking about it I'm trying to do
people it for anyone who sees that I'm
drawing really wicked horrible it's I'm
trying to draw with the track bed let me
see if I can plug in my thing
a jingle dang over here like best
spider-man villain I think that's a
weird question because unlike certain
superheroes who rely on interesting
villains spider-man has never relied on
having like super fascinating villains
because it's all about just the yes a
struggle of the good character that we
don't care about it's about Peter Parker
dealing with being spider-man right it's
not it's not about the individual
stories that happened so much as the the
overarching development of Peter
Parker's life situations where you can
have like a super villain like I know
you know who's just a strong dude you
know like you can have that be a really
interesting story because spider-man is
not as strong as right now and he needs
to figure out
ever wait Ilana I had plugged in my
thing now okay I remember this one issue
it was like a joke villain it was the
walrus and he claimed to have the
proportional speed strength and agility
of a human sized walrus which would
actually make him you know slower and
weaker than the average person and he
actually beats spider-man because
Spiderman was too busy laughing at him
spider-man was actually crippled with
laughter and so then the walrus got away
no going going back to the Green Goblin
- I'm just smearing the Green Goblin
left and right tonight B being the Green
Goblin was the worst thing to happen to
Harry Osborn just just just as a
character mm-hmm like like I've always
claimed that bette the 80s was peak
spider-man and then the 90s came along
and there was the two major writers on
spider-man were I'm gonna pronounce his
name wrong david michelinie i think is
that how it's pronounced and he just he
just had no fucking idea what to do with
the character and I always thought his
stories were pretty boring he's also
he's also the guy who created venom by
the way oh okay and then the other one
the other big one was jam jammed jammed
metis de meatus de Metis but but he's
the one who killed Kraven the hunter
okay and every everybody at the time and
I don't know if they still do worshipped
his run on spectacular spider-man and I
think he's one of the worst things that
happened to spider-man because he's a
man who built his own reputation off of
killing off it's just iconic character
after iconic oh he killed Kraven he
killed Harry Osborn yeah that's that's
that's one of the major ones was Harry
Osborn he he made Harry Osborn the Green
Goblin again and then eventually killed
him off in a storyline and eventually
you end up at a point where you know
half the supporting cast is either dead
or a super villain and then suddenly you
have a Spider Man with no supporting
cast
gerrae but hey hey that that jammed
Metis guy he wrote some emotional
stories he also killed off half the cast
and replaced them with nobody this he
did not actually create anything that
was memorable he just killed off
memorable things other people make damn
dog yeah yeah you're getting real and
that's that's when they resorted to the
Clone Saga because David Michelin had no
idea what to do with spider-man and half
the supporting cast was dead clothes and
it's been downhill ever since
absolutely Owen saga could suck my balls
dude did what's his name what's his name
Ben Riley yeah Ben Riley we don't give a
fuck about you the first best birthday
present I ever had mmm was the issue
where he died it came out Natalie
Natalie did he die but he died by like
falling off of building landing in a cab
and dissolving nice and I just had the
biggest smile on my face that's the best
birthday present ever
oh yeah that is amazing mmm I drew a
picture of spider-man Green Goblin for
you okay with your green goblin he's
wearing red and black listen this is the
color palette I have also I couldn't
remember what colors oh my god you're a
spider man fan I am a spider-man fan how
could you not forget that purple and
green color scheme is good Green Goblin
you'd room's orange red and no he's got
a green face bitch oh my god it's been
the long day I can't remember things
okay I'll start a new one
what's the chat I I started drawing so I
stopped paying attention in the chat
what are they what do they want to know
um my green goblin Santa goblin I don't
know what the fuck that is Jack is
better than Rob Liefeld which is
accurate there's an accurate statement
rich confirmed for backseat drawer at
least he remembered spider-man's blue
fanny pack check records do an exciting
vision of the spider-man universe you
guys have no idea no one wants me to
draw a cock and balls so I guess what I
have to do that and then we needed a
little hold and beep bigger and then
we'll give them some little doodads
how do you how do you feel about
ultimate continuity I really like the
ultimate universe
I loved it at first yeah but you know
you know what ultimate spider-man's
problem us every storyline had to be
exponentially more dramatic than the
next and they never Brian Bendis I guess
never like brought it into second gear
for a bit and let things chill mm-hmm it
was always one thing and then the next
thing is the most horrible thing that
happen the next thing is even more
horrible happen and it just got to be
absurd but the first the first 20 30 ish
issues of ultimate spider-man I I adore
yes some great spider around
storytelling there I agree and you know
on for that what happened is it fell
into the same hey you know the the the
reason the ultimate universe was created
was to kind of clear the slate over all
of the convolution of past spider-man
universe is like white the
slate clean we're gonna start over be
simple and fresh until it ran 50 issues
and they started the convoluted story
line Mike as soon as there was there and
by the way there were clones and one of
them was an Ultimate Spider Woman
spoiler alert
you know and it's like it happened again
you guys it's gonna keep happening
that's what happens then I I know they
killed him and there's like a new black
spider-man now I can't comment on that I
haven't read any of it I haven't been in
a comic book store in years now so I'm
one of your age I know they probably
would have lost me with the death of
Peter Parker because I read spider-man
Peter Parker and once you kill Peter
Parker it's like whoa what am I doing
here well they could have the concept of
a black spider-man does not bother me at
all
I hope it's good yeah oh wait someone's
asking for boobs now a druid dick movies
how about some saggy boobs that's a dick
there's a dick and a dick button I
thought it was like a bird with stubby
wings
it's a dick okay well drop perky boobies
okay Boop oh I can you know what else I
can draw I'm pretty good at drawing just
a regular button
it's pretty good button this is the best
idea ever
I'm glad you're entertained I could be
sleeping now premium subscriber content
guys remember subscriber content is I'm
saving all of these images and well will
print them out a nice paper and frame
them for the next eBay auction I found
wine at my house whiner so I'm drinking
him that's fine I'm actually gonna want
to get something to eat someone soonish
you know hear the stream
thatneverhappened got out of hand
didn't ya I can't believe you I can feel
your surprise
I can't believe people are still here I
can't either I mean it was literally it
was just me chatting with people for
four hours yeah I think it's great rich
I sighs spider-man motorcycle yesterday
would you enjoy owning a spider-man
motorcycle here's here's the problem
with most spider-man merchandise as as
much as I love spider-man as a character
most spider-man merchandise it's just
gaudy as hell I mean doc do you agree
like like they just put like the web
pattern over something and then it just
looks bad I cannot remember the last
time I've seriously looked at spider-man
merchandise I'm gonna be honest with him
oh my god okay what rich what are you
drinking what's your what's your
favorite flavor of Mountain Dew I would
rather drink crab juice sorry speaking
of Mountain Dew the
I have a I have a can of surge in my
house do you remember surge no surge was
a popular soda during teenage years and
they've recently started making limited
runs of surge again and so a couple
weeks ago when a buddy came over he
brought over some tall boys of surge and
we both had one and they taste fucking
gross I'll draw a surge bottle it's like
it looks like this alright it's like
bright green so they'll bring back surge
but they won't bring back Crystal Pepsi
Pepsi okay I'm gonna try to draw surge
address surge here so it's a tallboy
surge like that right uh-huh
but up on the top here oh here I'll make
it a cylinder as cancer cylinders up on
the top here where you would normally
open it up and this area should be a
tasty beverage it's actually a big thing
of poop mm-hmm I'm drying some poop for
everyone
pooping this urge so you drink it and it
goes so that surge plus your tongue is a
tongue plus your time it's time that's a
plus equals did you know did you ever
watch that episode of Futurama where the
giant brains invade and everybody
becomes stupid didn't did that just
happen
did i just become stupid yeah okay
okay twitch plays pictionary think about
it
that would be awesome place Pokemon get
make it happen why don't you draw
something now and see if you can get
people to guess it you wanna play
Pictionary pick something start drawing
it alright like Italy no like a movie
title or something okay okay movie title
alright alright alright movie title and
I'm not gonna see you start drawing it
for a little bit right now I'm just
trying to think I'm just trying to think
like I think of a good movie title and
so pictionary I'm just trying to get you
to guess the movie title right yes okay
we can do this
yes I get this you guys will get this I
know you will
all right let's see here box boats now
shape the Titanic
no robot is that a robot wowie
oh alright I'll keep trying I'm just
gonna count keep cousin that's that's
pictionary yeah that's true Ironman
night he's got an antenna on his head
yeah who's got an antenna no one's got
an antenna are you talking about
not Ironman no it's not iron red
a lot you'll get it once again at once
you see this okay you guys are getting
somebody you're riding a horse
uh-huh so what's the first part
night-night horse Knight Rider no dick
the birthday boy gets it robot jacks oh
okay
shots he's a jockey dear I had to think
I had to take a little moment to stop
drawing cuz I had to ban someone okay
okay okay we'll try another one okay
let's see here
hi this is not this is not a best of the
worst movie okay I don't know who's
gonna be the best of the worst book I
didn't listen I that was the first thing
I could think of because I can draw
robots okay all right so this is gonna
be okay so I guess well well that we
have to narrow down a little bit don't
we do you want to so give me a decade
um eighties eighties eighties
okay I'm ready okay here we go all right
it's really hard using the trackpad I
can understand that I can't see anything
being drawn yet though that's okay
that's okay just started there's a beam
this big it's like beans it's the old
paint factory dead dead alive dead again
somebody's saying weekend at Bernie's in
the chat clue it's not rock okay Oh
Rocky five so a Michelle 87 gets it MHL
87 wins it's die hard yeah I know no
words in pictionary but this is this is
fun pictionary I was focusing on the
corpse you're focusing out in that
corpse you know why that's everybody's
problem okay we'll do a couple more here
let's see if I can let's see if I can be
really sneaky
oh man it's tough to just think of movie
titles
I could text you some ideas okay okay I
think okay okay ready what decade no
hints no hints okay we're gonna see if
you can get this is gonna be tough one
I'm gonna see if I can convey this title
in a picture bigger presh
balls space no no it's not you can get
this all right
they're making little faces so they have
eyes the crowd has eyes The Hills Have
Eyes crowd something with a crowd this
is gonna be great
okay okay I'm really excited about this
okay this is thinking way too long I'm
terrible at victory okay okay
okay maybe it's not 12 Angry Men uh-huh
something with Lincoln's Lincoln's
multiple Lincoln's they're all Lincoln
ordinary people okay so what what do all
the people have in common they're
smiling
yeah well are they happy are they well
the ones that are circled are happy the
ones that are sad
oh wait crank crank Oh Kisuke gets it so
now the thing that they all have in
common is that they're men but only a
few of them are good
it's a few good men rich be given the
chat can't see my my face hum but it's
happening I think what the real problem
was I gave up on drawing each of them
mustaches okay this is sleep deprivation
right here alright so now we're gonna do
a special new one rich and you can do
this in Skype Ridge yeah you can Skype
me the name of a movie and I'll try to
draw that and get we'll get the chat to
guess it um how do i Skype you the name
oh you're gonna mute me no no you can um
in the wall they're gonna hear it no no
in the window you can chat about me do
you see you can yeah do you see the
little um Oh weird
okay okay a word bubble thingy unless it
comes up in the anything but they'll be
fine oh they go oh man how do you do
that one okay I don't know that's the
challenge okay
okay okay so rich has just sent me sent
me a challenge
Richard just sent me a challenge okay I
got this I got this okay I think yeah
I'm going right by the way oh I'm being
I'm really being really bad at drawing
okay it's a shame we can't trade off get
your computer work uh yeah no shit
okay here we go those are just hands oh
I can't tell you I know it's okay Rach
are you watching the chat oh yeah I'll
pay more attention to the chat sure I
don't they've gotten it yet oh yeah I
can't imagine
yeah somebody is really close do we
count them no no it has to be the full
thing has to be the full thing somebody
else skipped right past it okay I'll
just keep trying to someone get to
Back to the Future Part two who are
correct Todd bug part 2 specifically all
right I think I think we can do we'll do
two more and then I got a I have to go
to bed that's fine anyway hold on I want
I want a little more wine because
that'll help me go right to bed so I'm
gonna refill my wine snack rate you
think of you think of a really good
movie title oh my god okay okay
how difficult do we want to get I think
I think the more difficult for me the
better right okay okay I've got what it
might be too difficult I will I will
text it to you okay
and then you'd some of your thoughts
okay rich is typing it out to me right
now
Oh what do you think did I get it I sent
it oh oh yeah yeah that's perfect
all right all right okay are we ready
for this okay
oh my god how do you do this that's a
great question okay ready okay I got
this I got this
you know you know I could pull this one
off Jack oh you got this
oh man this is gonna be hard uh-huh
uh-huh I got this though I thought I got
this most popular mspaint stream on
Twitch right now if they get a word
should we know Evie Anya got a Big
Trouble in Little China oh my god I
can't believe that that is some
crackerjack work if that wasn't just a
random guess draw for trouble by the way
well you know once he started big if you
should guess I guess I thought that it's
hard that was great
you see what I'm drawing for trouble how
does that come up yet I see a green
thing what does the green thing yeah I
was like Godzilla is it before you start
a drying Godzilla because that would
just confuse the fuck okay well do ya
you got to think of a harder one yeah
you have to think of harder words cuz
like a word like big is easy what to
draw I think all right all right what
about them oh okay okay okay yeah we'll
give that a try okay although we're
saving always okay ready and we go here
we go got this I got this
if my trackpad will work
yeah shitty wait
oh you haven't even gotten to where I
make it dark yet no father to Goodridge
they are way too good look you just got
to where I go where I made a dark I'd
say there were cheating but I have no
idea how no they can't be cheating they
can't see oh my god that's incredible it
is that's great
these people know their movies man this
is true you need to you need to be more
obscure I mean let me I think I have
something give me a singer maybe I just
can't be I need to be a worse drawer I'm
too good at drawing this is the real
problem
all right stray Oh your David I see you
taping Oh
dick the birthday boy says he has my
queasy bug I don't like that oh my god
how do you do that I well they've gotten
every other one in two seconds so
probably pretty easily
okay I dread him I'm gonna start doing
here then I might have a problem hold on
should be keeping score in the chat oh
we should
I think they'll they'll be able to
figure out after this I think
I'm paint paying attention to the trap
okay do that oh okay I know I know I
know how to do that
have you gotten there yet I haven't seen
yet yeah this is something my best work
yet not gonna lie that's head so good
guys don't even know how good this is
obviously
this is this is actually a tough one
okay
I can't believe you're not you're not
getting it from this Plus this
you might not know if you don't know
what this is yeah what's up I don't even
know if you're doing the one I texted
you yeah to be okay
okay do you not see it if you don't know
what this is maybe this is the problem I
think I said okay I think I see what
you're doing yeah hopefully this made it
more clear for them
it's my it's because I'm too good at
drawing
how long do we give it wait wait
something done with the whole title okay
and and then we'll start giving people
are saying lice so they're they're way
off no they're way right
is it okay I do you see what this so
what's the so maybe they're not
understanding what this is then okay
this is the problem there too there they
might be right on that second word and
maybe they're not understanding what
that first or it is oh oh okay okay yeah
you get it now yeah yeah
okay
you will see that I think I think the
first thing is unclear what that is
sure I could see that in here I'll see
if I can I'll see if I can make that a
little clearer cuz it looks like it
looks like you're drying plant oh okay
okay
that it's not plan at all no no it's not
playing at all oh crap
somebody said one of the words somebody
said four of the words all right
technically lots of pasta knows the
movie but uh elect let got out said the
whole title first what Wallace and
Gromit
curse of the we're reading so this is
supposed to be a wall sorry I thought
that was more clear obviously lyse wall
ice this is a grommet the little things
that go into the steel girders wall ice
grommet and then a wolf and a rabbit I'm
pretty happy I'm pretty happy with wall
ice yeah yeah wall ice wall is it makes
sense it makes sense but it was a girder
I know how do you draw a girder I see
that I thought that brick wall I'm
assuming it's supposed to be a brick
wall I thought your drinks were like
plaid and I'm thinking could I scottish
plaid that's called a wallace or
something i don't know sure sure that's
what i was thinking you were going for
like what is it I don't know maybe
there's something I don't know no one no
that was a tough one was that fun okay
I'll do one more here okay I got I got
this you got a title of mine okay I just
like yes heard you want me to just leave
the chat at it you can guess too if you
want all right
rich do the answer he didn't know no it
doesn't know love the last one Grey's
Anatomy is a TV show Grey's Anatomy is a
TV show
rocky 3 how many of them are there
rocky four-eyed little one look like a
hairball 3 rocks rocky 3 but what's
what's the hairball I know it's cuz I I
keep forgetting I have the paint bucket
tool to make filling in easier so I
tried to scribble it in though ok I got
one I'm happy about that
yeah I'm I think I got I have exactly
one more in me okay
all right last one chat last one rich
give it to me oh oh god my I didn't have
anything prepared yeah that's what makes
it fun umm oh dear what do we got what
do we got
I think take a take a look at my
collection oh I think I have one okay I
think I have one great has one prepare
yourself prepare for your minds to be
blown I like where we can hear you're
taiking yeah yeah oh my god one gift one
no no no I know exactly I know exactly
what I'm gonna do okay ready yeah you
got this about this
bill tool is my new best friend bill
tool is my new best friend the only clue
you get is that it's in my DVD
collection which helps you matter all
that's gonna screw people up I don't
have time to fix it sorry chair was
moving fast as a possibility somebody
said it and I missed it but
eeep oh god if you guys can figure this
out I'm fucked enough I'm fucking over
why did we let me do this there we go
okay there we go over here I got so many
guesses I could I could easily miss this
don't be hung up on the first one that
one's it isn't it is not terrible dragon
pee whatever that is it's not it oh I
know I know it's the second one really
I'm really sorry about the second
drawing like I really want to look at
what you're drawing but I can't I have
to look at the chip my second drawing is
really really terrible but it's all I
can do right now information is not in
my personal movie collection you people
know fuck yourselves okay this guy right
here this guy no one is getting any and
then this is more like a do to do to do
like that's a flower president not sure
you are the winner she looks like she's
got a smile on her face she's now by the
way
my new favorite game I want to play
and that's wait we can start off streams
this way I think this is a great day
mspaint pictionary is my new favorite Oh
made all the better with my awful
trackpad that's like running out of
batteries and I am a terrible
illustrator I know I think that's what
makes it more fun for me all right all
right everybody I'm gonna say this
because this is art and we're gonna
leave you on that but I can't believe I
can't believe that this happened tonight
someone someone in the chat said
pictionary so I missed her that was but
great we can we can thank the chat thank
you thank you for the
