Oct 8, 2014
Guacamelee
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45363647, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc7IyqDV_qA
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45362801, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTVApyEBl9c
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45362747, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqxa4ukv9o0
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45362786, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBg8_Ww3pSI
Part V: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45362703, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eD5S4PvGE4
"There will be a stream tonight. Sometime after 7:00pmCST. Probably Guacamellee!!!" (archive.vn/ygSvL)
"Guacamelee!!!!!! ..  With Jack, Rich and even Jay!!! someBODY!!!" (archive.vn/DLuIl)

[Part I]
am i connected to the Internet
yeah that's always question number one
is am I connected to the Internet I had
the answers yes oh it's working it's
working it's working
I'll and her to the work and yeah yeah
guys this was not us I we were trying to
stream earlier I had we had a lovely
little bit about doing whatever you want
all the time but that be advocated
murder it was great it really was it was
a very funny little bit and now it's
gone and dead forever and that's a shame
before we get started playing can I
defend Theodore Rex for me people are
very upset about this people are people
were so upset that I wanted theater
excellent yeah something that I did you
know super upset something that I
thought I wonder if it was helped by the
fact that I'm like flipping you off for
pink you know clearly doing that for
comedy stuff where people are like you
can tell them they're really mad at each
other
never Theodore Rex my friendship my
friendship with jag is not gonna be
compromised by what we Goulburn Wow well
we don't know that yet
I guess it's might yeah maybe I
shouldn't make that claim too early go
for it still makes no sense to me
so the Whoopi Goldberg could end up
becoming the Yoko Ono I don't come
between everybody
Whoopi start going out with her it'll
make everything awkward even by the way
it wouldn't several ways if I started
taking over you'll start talking about
making a sequel the Theodore Rex with
her about doing it right this time so I
think there's a there's obviously
there's a huge budgetary difference
between Theodore Rex and Tammy and the
t-rex and it was that budgetary
difference that made Theodore Rex even
more income
pensive aware where everything in tamii
the t-rex even though it was insane I
understood their insanity like you know
we started to figure out that the movie
was trapped down sure we started to
figure out that it did have comedic
overtones you know like they were trying
to make a comedy whereas in something
with as large a budget as Theodore Rex
there should have been people to stop
this Jack everything you've just said
has been wrong
well Whoopi Goldberg did try to jump
ship that's true we found that out yes
she tried to leave the project and they
sued her yeah we like we like going into
these movies borned and because of that
sometimes we don't find out some of
these interesting facts until it's too
late
yes that's true right right the guy who
wrote Theodore Rex is the same guy who
wrote The Last Starfighter is what
they're saying internally huh that's
awesome
long voice our fighter makes sense long
way down
yeah but that's one of those things who
knows how much interference there was
who knows yeah you know there could be
uncredited rewrites all that you never
know oh yeah all right so I'm gonna play
guacamelee here yeah and I'm going to
attempt a no death run and I will fail
miserably but that that will be
attempted an ode so so whatever but you
have specific room when you die and a
little skull and crossbones pops up
around you right there's a little like
when you following the green water you
just gotta go poof and you go back and
allege in the scene you know that's it's
not around as a death I'm not gonna
count that because this happened there's
so many opportunities for that to happen
man it's just one tiny bud saying I'll
try to avoid it sure but that's almost
certainly not gonna happen I will try to
avoid those two I'm not gonna like
deliberately jump into lava but but
specifically it's when we see this skull
skull and crossbones yes that's true
because when you fall into the lava
water or the green water you don't see
the skull and crossbones yes sure okay
you do when you fall under the orange
lava it's really weird that is really
weird I'm gonna actually take a moment
here and update I forgot that
we're doing your no death run it's gonna
take a little moment here update this
dream in place but attempted please put
down attempted bitch update okay the
stream is officially updated oh my lord
a normal heart rates normal
if I'm gonna go for no death run here
let's be a let's must be fair come on
what's fair with no death run I don't
even know go ahead normal sin a heart no
okay all right now that this dream is
official My Fair you mean doing it the
easy way
yeah person Yoda was wrong there is
definitely a try I guess so yeah little
it leave some long enough people to read
they want to read
they don't skip it but you know I don't
scared of it I don't end will not skip
alright it's not in my nature
what if you were playing a theater or
recs video game would you skip the
cutscene silent I would skip the game I
suppose they were planning on a video
game planned as a franchise for like a
guarantor like the Super Nintendo
there's a half-completed Theodore Rex
game out there somewhere Oh also can you
guys um can you guys in the stream like
hear the game and obviously you hear us
talking but can you hear the game as
well you should be able to just to make
sure that everything's running as
smoothly as possible theoretically this
was a pretty smooth setup as compared to
up the other so not tons of technical
problems yeah yeah I guess
well I'll talk to people great the
levels are fine
great great alright aren't luchador is
fantastic luchador sir unless they're
played by Jack Black
oh you know what I have yet to give that
movie a real try I didn't think I
watched the whole thing
I ain't up me too
I gave up but I you know what playing a
game like this actually makes me want to
watch what was it called uh nacho libre
it makes me want to watch it again
because I think I think they basically
just got too deep with it I think that
they were so engrained in like that sort
of like Mexican which door a culture
that the jokes didn't translate hmm well
playing this makes me want to watch that
I'd have to really watch that is there
everything and it was really dumb
juvenile huh hmm hello Draco is saying
it's better than you'd think but not
great yeah well okay there we go yes
what's what's new what's new anything
oh yeah Jack how was your wedding well
my wedding was fantastic - oh yeah yeah
I must immerse in your family talking
about going to a wedding on the street
but oh no we talked about it a little
bit I something you might not know his
rich attempted a solo stream a rich solo
stream on Sunday Oh
because I was flying back from Texas
right um and rich trying to stream
melted his computer oh not really
my my computer didn't crash but it died
twice okay like like it didn't get a
blue screen of death I didn't shut
itself down better just turned itself
off oh wow a Schmo smites Haim thanks
for subscribing super appreciate I'm
sorry your name is tough to pronounce
smite Simon I think that's a decision
when you decide to give yourself that
screen name you understand going in
people might not be able to pronounce it
absolutely knew what they were doing
absolutely so so rich kind of failed but
rich kind of pamphlet streaming but was
in the chat with people okay and so I
got home at like 11 o'clock 10 o'clock
at night and just started streaming just
so we could chat to give to give people
something to listen serious some sort of
content of course I was way out of it
but traveling all day from traveling all
day not only traveling all day that
morning the after wedding party was that
a Polo Club though so we got to watch an
actual polo match okay it was awesome
that sounds horribly boring yeah well
you know it's more of you just talking
with you're hanging out with these
people talking with your family and
hanging out and drinking and that and oh
what I'll tell my apologize for anyone
who's there on Sunday I'm gonna retell
this story but Jay hasn't heard it yet
and I really like this story we call the
car service to quit take us to the
airport on Sunday okay and we call one
car service and we got a really awful
price and so we called around the next
car service gave us half of that price
yes all right well fine with this price
and we were way out in the middle
Bumblefuck Texas okay go ahead you have
a question there no oh I was just I'm
thinking about Texas which makes me
think about it
the Ebola virus so you didn't bring that
back with you did you
absolutely rich is leaving now the Ebola
was in Dallas and I was near Houston how
far away is that
I haven't I mean it's text I know Texas
is big so this is you okay and you can
only contract Ebola by touching bodily
fluids of an Ebola patient
yes that's true so I did you know what I
didn't touch anybody's bottling fluids
marrow so having Ebola is like a mega
super power you get lethal spit it's the
work super problem yeah that would be
the bad aspects of it outweigh the good
yes so no I did not bring back Ebola
okay so anyway car service car service
so I call the I call the car service and
I'll play the same game with you that I
played with rich okay Jay um you are
going to let's see
you are working the phones at a
haberdashery okay a place that makes
hats okay okay and I'm gonna call your
habit a shirt okay let's so we can think
of a name for it Jays hats Jays hats
right keep it simpler okay so I'm gonna
call you ready okay ring ring hello Jays
hats how can I help you that's a great
way to answer the phone jack I did a
much better job you did it simple
because they don't want to listen to me
talk they just want to get to what they
want but they want to make sure that
they're calling the right place any
business if you answer the phone for
that business you need to answer with
the business name yes absolutely
so I called his car service and he goes
yeah what's going on is this so so car
service yeah yeah all right you know I
give all the information where we need
to be picked up where we're going me
give me the code it's a good quote yeah
and I was like great that's this there's
no problem Oh see at this time oh by the
way do you accept credit cards simple
question yeah do you accept credit cards
I honestly I probably wouldn't even
think to ask that cuz I just assume
everybody takes credit cards now but
I've I've run into problems with taxis
before word like a taxi driver will give
me all sorts of shit oh okay I'm having
cash um yeah yeah just I want a double
check okay and okay so do you accept
credit cards yes right now we got the
worst president in the history of the
United States of America that's what he
said in response see do you take credit
card yes buddy how do you respond to
that
alright because we've been in business
for 20-some years it used to be 80% paid
with cash and just a few paid with
credit card now everybody's paying with
credit card rate
taxation are going through the roof
thanks to Obama Wow
and you know of course I wanted to say I
don't think that presidents had much to
do with that yeah I think it has more to
do with the convenience but you know
whatever yeah more people use credit
cards now than they did 20 years ago
the kicker is uh I as we're getting out
the driver was fantastic we actually
slept most of the way to the airport
because we've been day drinking but the
driver was really great and you know I
get out my credit card I was like oh
yeah I have a credit card don't worry
about that Oh cuz the guy said we don't
even accept cash anymore oh we have the
phone says we don't even take cash
anymore it's not worth nothing oh wow
so it's like alright fine so I tell the
driver like oh I have my credit card
don't worry he's like don't worry that's
like yeah cuz the guy on the phone said
you don't take cash anymore he looks at
me well as if as if I've told him I'm
about to pay with mean rocks and he's
like of course we take cash he's like
it's cash this is just a random guy that
was hanging out of that building I
decided to answer the phone he's not
connected with the establishment is hot
maybe and I was like Oh heads up there's
the guy who's answering the phone that
says you know take cash and he's like
and he just nodded as if he knew exactly
who that was that's Buford mm-hmm he
does that but huh Buford's got special
me he works with us on the weekends you
think do you think the only reason that
guy took that job is so he could bitch
about his political views on the phone
to strangers maybe okay maybe wow that's
crazy it's crazy time no but it was we
had a super fun time Nexus we because it
was my cousin getting married so it's a
family wedding we we came down early to
help set up everything and it was her
family's uh they were her family was
having the wedding on their ranch and it
was an actual cattle ranch their couch
Oh like real pals of horses like she
house like cow a cow like
how's that were like in the driveway and
you'd have to wait for them to go over
they because they're also cows fucking
expensive so I don't want to mess with
the cows yeah so it's great
it was super fantastic but you know we
went down a couple days early to help
set things up and you know uh gave
speeches and everybody had a great time
barb well that's good yes yeah so it was
super fun yeah too many like all I can
say is like there was a bullshit being a
groomsmen
we were told to show up the day of the
wedding at noon okay and our plan was to
get dressed or you have lunch get
dressed and take pictures before the
wedding which is something that brides
and grooms do now yeah and I think it's
really smart I had we decided Lisa and I
decided to wait until after the ceremony
to get our pictures taken so I could be
surprised by her dress okay which i
think is a traditional thing to do you
know be surprised by the dress but are
you somebody your wedding am I wouldn't
yeah it was like why didn't you see what
your wife was wearing it yeah that's
like for marrying somebody else are you
some kind of weird Mormon so no no so we
waited to get our pictures taken in
between the wedding yeah and the
reception that's traditionally how it's
done
the only problem is that's not a lot of
time yeah well it depends on the wedding
yes it does but in any case I was a
little disappointed by my wedding
pictures and so they decided to get
their pictures done before the ceremony
which is the smart thing to do because
then you have way more time but so we
get there at noon and we're all dressed
and ready to go cuz it doesn't take guys
very long to get dressed
yeah and we sit around and twiddle our
thumbs until the ceremony they decide
that they don't want to take pictures
with us anymore she's just the bride and
groom we're taking pictures before okay
so it's like well fuck man what
so we got a little drunk when there's
time to kill it a wedding that's what
everybody does so there's not really
drunk cuz you can't get drunk when
you're standing up in a wedding because
then you're an asshole you you I was
gonna say you can do it I've seen it
happen but you shouldn't do it what the
rule number one Jake that's true rule
number one is do what everyone all the
time really consequences because that's
real number two is be ready to deal with
the consequences and the consequences
are everybody will think you're an
asshole
as long as you're okay with that as long
as you're okay with everyone thinking
you're an asshole yeah
then you do whatever you want all the
time are you going the wrong direction
rich no oh there's an arrow pointing the
other way
what arrow I don't know there's a sign
with an arrow on his point in the other
direction
where oh that's for yeah no that's if
you're looking for the one REE I'll go
go there later basically yeah you I'm
assuming you know what you're doing at
or than I was yeah whatever
what play fur is this for you rich um
great right that's great yeah y'all know
what I did this weekend I do want to
know oh yeah yeah I well Friday night I
went to the Milwaukee Film Fest
screening of dr. Strangelove it was
great cuz that's a great movie hmm
woke up Saturday morning and I had no
control over my left hand it had gone
come in my arm was sword it had gone
completely weak where the first thing I
do when I wake up in the morning is I go
downstairs and I make a pot of coffee
yeah I keep my coffee and the cabinet
above the oven yeah and so I was like
the it feels kind of funny but whatever
I thought it was just asleep because I
just woke up and I was gog II sure and I
reach up to grab the coffee grab the can
and my hand just went like so like down
to the ground like like I had no control
over it and it's like this is scary
found out what it is that's very scary
but ya know I I looked into it and
got advice or a doctor very quickly now
I can't remember it's called but I got
it in my column huh
but have you no control over one of your
limbs is a pretty terrifying feeling
absolutely yeah now I can't find it my
phone it's up J confirmed Ebola it's
probably a bola
yeah no it's called radial nerve palsy
it basically means I pinched a nerve in
my arm that's a very that's a very long
and technical name for you pitch
together especially when it has the word
palsy in it like that's scary
yes um so for two days straight I could
not control my left hand it was the most
depressing thing like like it all no I
had I mean I could kind of move my
fingers a little bit a tiny thing but I
couldn't like lift my hand all the way
up like a like a super limp wrist and
sore arm and like I couldn't even put on
my deodorant like cuz I couldn't lift it
all the way up to my armpit oh my god
GEB and this is the thing is like I got
a little bit used to it physically but
it really took its toll on me like
psychologically like I was thinking
about the fact that like if I ever had
like a permanent situation like I lost a
leg or something like I would have a
really difficult time adjusting I was
ready to give up on life after two days
of my hand not working it was so scary
so what you do it oh no it just it just
takes time to start to heal start to get
better like I can move it now yeah yeah
it's still very sorry but for those of
you who can't see which is all of you
day has been moving his hand the entire
time that I yes yes now it's working
just fine but but I the doctor told me
that sometimes it can last like weeks
and possibly months so go thank God my
went away after a few days and it's
still not perfect I'm still a little
weak but and what was the cause of it
and you can just sleep on you sleep on
your arm wrong and that second does
happen so yeah that's a terrible way to
spend your weekend I know well so bad
where it's
like because I you know I like to
exercise so they work out a lot it was
like I couldn't do a lot of things like
I couldn't lift weights I couldn't do
like push-ups and stuff but the one
thing I could still do is jog because
that doesn't require arms but I was I
felt so jogging with like what arms and
flapping around no I can move my arm
just not my hand okay okay but like I
was so distraught I was like fuck it I
don't want to do that
sure like I just didn't feel like doing
anything it was horrible
that sounds terrible yeah it was a bad
weekend that sounds terrible
yeah well I'm glad you're feeling better
I'm feeling better everything's fine
there's no permanent damage that's good
but someday you can just wake up and
you'll slept on your arm wrong and you
won't have use of your hand for two days
yeah
this is how bad I felt at one point I
even ate fast food oh my gosh a rarely
do anymore but just because like I don't
want to I don't yeah I guess it's like
comfort food is partially bad personally
not wanting to awkwardly try and cook
things with one hand sure sure that's
terrifying
yeah hey stream how's that mortality
that's my radial nerve palsy story
that's a I mean a great story only great
because you're fine now
Oh farts yeah absolutely yeah but he was
like in retrospective sort of comical
like some of the movements my arm adieu
sure cuz like it like a like a Jim
Carrey routine or something like this
just flailing around that is so
terrifying your hair of alien hand
syndrome alien hand syndrome know if
there's people who and y'all like they
have a problem with one side of their
their brain it's like a it's a cure for
what
playing game here bad scare for some
kind of brain disorder they will
actually sever the connection between
your right and left brains okay and when
this happens one sometimes one side of
your body like your arm will just do
what your other happier brain wants to
do Oh got your conscious side having any
control over it oh so it's like you can
be talking to somebody and the other
part of your brain will just aside it
wants to slap them Oh Oh or you'll be in
a restaurant and like your arm might
take a dinner roll and like throw it
across the room
sure like like primal yeah like you know
like nerves do the work without the
rational side of your brain controlling
it that's so neat I want that I want
that not really no I think I think they
have no bed episode epilepsy they they
think they sever the connecting tissue
between your right left hemisphere
perhaps.perhaps
stroke Cibola I don't think it's called
a stroke of all of the evil dead hand
yes evil dead hand syndrome what telegin
what a weird fucking question Jack do
you watch historical dramas Rome on HBO
was fucking awesome I never watched
Romero's good fuck kind of question is
that
what hold on I'm gonna there are family
historical dramas and they want to know
what do you think what's a historical
drum it's a drama that takes place in
history you guys suck my favorite is of
course the patriot with Mel Gibson oh my
then my you know what if the patriot is
our example than the answer's no yeah I
would say it depends on the subject
matter mm-hmm okay what's an example of
a good historical drama
god there's probably plenty and I'm not
gonna be able to think of a single one I
like you know Jax eating the caramel
apple Twizzlers that I got is Halloween
candy but he's not liking it I got into
it I think it's delicious its faultless
thing how do you feel huh they're
delicious
yeah how do you feel about Twizzlers in
general though I don't like I don't need
them all that off I don't like the
texture
it could chewy but to to talk more to
rubbery to rubbery like I'm not gonna
understand that huh I don't need candy
much at all anyway but I get excited
about gimmicky Halloween candy so you
wouldn't fucking Halloween oh that's
been great you're just a slave to all
things Halloweeny over the weekend I
watched night of the demons which is one
of my favorite Halloween movies that's
so awesome yeah yeah I wasn't really
feeling that find them more for me
avenge 11 fold avenge 11 default asked
what our favorite Edgar Allen Poe's
short stories are
oh um probably tell-tale heart that's a
good one I like that one a lot
yeah that's a good one that's a good one
fun everything is classic Raven is good
and you know like you can you hear the
like the really good readings of the
Raven yeah there's a couple there's a
couple like animated versions where it's
like really creepy
James Earl Jones version for the
Simpsons not bad right
no I've seen that it's a first how the
way in Simpsons episode first trio uh-oh
is to the first of all yeah okay I have
to ever sure if i rewatch it I have to
remember immediately they tried to do
something a little bit classy yeah yeah
and it's just a straight retelling they
do some animated hijinks with Bart and
Homer Bart is the Raven yeah feel like I
should remember this you absolutely
should remember this huh it's a straight
like Edgar or James Earl Jones reads it
straight yeah and then it's just the
ends yeah you get the right person
reading it at your own Poe story and it
just sounds so Moody and great yeah yeah
oh don't they all hearts good - yeah I
was like that one
Who am I gonna watch trick or treat
again yeah just for the fun of it you
should watch trick R treat the letter R
you know I came out a few years ago it's
an anthology movie Oh best Halloween
movie in my opinion Rio as far as a
movie that captures the spirit of
Halloween okay because it's it's an
anthology so it shows all different
aspects of it like it shows a little kid
celebrating Halloween it shows the the
grumpy old man in the neighborhood that
hates Halloween it's got like the the
slutty teenage girls like all these
different stories and they're all
interconnected it's really great
all right trick are my favorites
Halloween fennel came out 2006 I think
rather it's newer okay
it's gonna be great I haven't seen
Gotham yet have you guys seen guy ain't
havin any I'm not watching it I hear
it's fine here it's a fine like
detective I'm sure it's fine if you want
to watch this in a Batman story without
Batman is attempting to be like
Smallville isn't about young Bruce Wayne
or is it more about like like James
Gordon it's about James Gordon when he
first found the detective beat of Gotham
who cares
I think that would be more interesting
than a young Batman detective I don't
think either would be interesting
I don't think this series is with the
supervillains and whatnot I do I've seen
the handful okay it's like every it's
like the penguin shows up they all show
up in it because otherwise you're just
doing a generic cop show with Batman
character yeah yeah that's what it looks
like based on the hands I'd seen sure I
haven't watched it but I have no
interest in watching them so there you
go
look it's October there's hope there's
horror movies to watch
I'm really excited tomorrow we're doing
we're doing our alien oh yeah
alien isolation playthrough but before
we do that first thing I'm gonna do I'm
gonna wake up tomorrow morning and watch
alien dolly nice I ran out of time today
to watch it and so like but I won't I'm
assuming you've seen it before
oh well of course everybody's seen it I
mean everybody who hasn't seen aliens
stop watching the stream now and go
watch alien yes but alien isolation is
supposed to be a sequel to alien okay
and to make sure like they got the tone
right I want to walk the alien right
beforehand there you go wake up early
make a pot of coffee
just watch it you watch alien which is a
totally normal thing to do I'm really
excited about it you shouldn't be aliens
a great movie mm-hmm oh yeah alien is a
great
also rich is killing it at guacamelee I
know this is still early on but killing
it killing it not dying
Billy hecka says should I watch
Prometheus before alien isolation right
I guess technically you should watch
Prometheus and then alien right beyond
infinite says rich he's gonna send you a
copy of X come apocalypse okay
but we shouldn't stream it because it's
a piece of shit okay well thank you for
your consideration that's what it says
I'm sorry so far I've been pretty good
at staying away from any sort of review
for alien isolation I want to go in
fresh tomorrow I literally have not read
anything great yeah neither I do write I
think that's important and going fast
fresh as you can
I've been obviously I read like this
announces about its here I saw it first
person yeah yeah I believe it's a first
person game okay that sounds exciting if
you just get the water around creepy
corridors and yeah me any aliens gonna
jump out it yeah that's that's the whole
point
that's the premise of the entire video
game maybe a creepy alien sketching
about that shit I like it what do it am
I not seeing the subscribers Oh inter
what so Internet race car thanks for
subscribing we super appreciate it it
took me a while to read your name and I
apologize for that I told you to stop
talking to me like that you'll do what I
say
whatever I'm gonna do whatever I want
all the time do whatever you want all
the time well recap your arm know
Phoenix there are spikes in this game
but they don't kill you they just hurt
you god damn you Phoenix and you think
you got damn stream essence it's got
damn spikes in the goddamn game how did
that start did you rant about spikes or
something no I think like the very into
first life 3 games we stream dead spikes
in them every game has spikes nearly
yeah that's true that's true
oh someone saying you skip them jack who
what catechists 1634 oh my god thanks
for subscribing Gannicus
I skipped you J gotcha that's how we
work yeah you might be the first person
I've ever said thanks for subscribing to
oh my god Gannicus you're welcome
that's great
sissy Fein sissy Fein underscore life
you just subscribe we actually super
appreciate it yeah you know you guys are
all mentioning we we do have a new
subscriber emoticon which I love and you
guys are all yelling at me for not
making a J 1 and you're right too you
see it it's it's right underneath the
guys the guy with the red with the red
thing around the side that's Tim has
been in several of our videos
he's one of George Lucas's dogs in the
first half in the bag wait a hipster
nope
but this particular picture oh my god
he's everywhere it's from a project none
of you have seen all right I have one
fault
into the green water but there's no
bones there's no skill across but no
rights oh my god Tim's everywhere
there's damn no so this is this is the
thing I've been working on endlessly
that I find very little joy working on
except for looking at that face
looking at that Tim face and so I made
the emoticon obviously I can delete it
at any time I will make a J and a Mike
emoticon oh and a Jessie obviously but
this look at that face how can that not
make you happy
not make you happy to see the smiling
face and that weird red hood hopefully I
think you'll understand
shortly Oh little midge man miji man
little mini-me g-man thanks for
subscribing we super appreciated Oh
obviously the wizard - how are you it
feels weird calling him the wizard
how was Josh on there no oh there's
someone I didn't know I did not say uh
hold on
BK Riley's subscribe thanks a bunch we
appreciate I forgot to mention that I
will go also get a Josh emoticon ok I
will get emoticon as well we'll have all
the emoticons everyone will have all the
emoticons we're gonna go in the exact
opposite order that you would like it's
gonna be Josh and Jack and then there's
already than me it's already and then
Jesse and then and last the last
emoticon I will make is an r LM oh I
think you're trying to think of a joke
instead of st. Mike well I just didn't
say Mike okay that was kind of joke it
was a weak Joe it was I didn't I didn't
know I was supposed to be Joe I was it
was turning the wheel and I understand
that happens but then I saw your face
and I thought you wanted to jump in
there with a joke waiting to jump in
okay I was actually trying to think of
one at the same exactly it's tough
both our wheels were turning though they
weren't getting anywhere licorice and
the shreddies is that a real thing
licorice and shreddies thanks for
subscribers so suppressants what who an
extra emoticon absolutely so how many
new people have to come on before he can
make a new emoticon not too many
oh shit again okay I think notes go
across yeah I know I know it feels like
it lessens it does yeah yeah I think I
think we only need like 10 more
subscribers that we get two more
they come in chunks of - yes B keg
Riley's realize you are subscribed thank
you oh my god waffle tale first of all a
great name
I enjoy waffles can you enjoy tale whoa
tails are fine
biscuit biscuit has like a pimple on his
tail or something it's really weird it's
got this lump on his tail so every time
I pet him like I feel this lump and the
other day I was picking through his tail
to see what it was to see like if it was
just like a piece of she would sir what
not that I got a pickup but it's like a
pimple on his skin could you stop
talking about your disgusting cat I'm
not love my cat he's great I took the
day off yesterday which means that I
just worked on projects that didn't give
me money and I read yeah and I spent all
morning reading and he sat on my lap
while I read all morning it was great
I finally finished there's this book
that I talked about a while back called
wool oh yeah that is super fantastic and
if you enjoy sci-fi post apocalypse
female protagonists and a book you get
wolf you enjoy the shit out of it well
like the material will like them Terra
WOL you will love it it was great it was
a fantastic read there are there are a
couple different other than two more
collections as part of the wool universe
rather that I got done reading recently
and
and biscuit just laying in my lap all
morning it was the greatest that's when
you get a cat Delaney left but then any
time my wife is around that doesn't give
a shit about me I was right to her like
the little asshole that he is that can't
someone have much of a sense of loyalty
that's the worst thing about them is
true it's really true their new
subscriber Hey
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna allow it
because I think it's funny but prereq
plays Pokemon thanks for subscribing we
really do appreciate it even though I
don't you know your name is you know
copyright infringement yeah
oh also what you guys mani the very king
what how what do any the Varrick the
Vera King Manny the Vera King thank you
for subscribing I don't even see it
anymore it's there alright guys did you
think me system meek this sneak Meech
the speech thanks for subscribing if we
didn't thank you I'm sorry there's a
couple people that we don't get to
because the stream goes by that's you
know these things happen these things
happen this is life we appreciate it
it's not perfect no matter what that's
true only 200 more subscribers and we
will be able to afford somebody to sit
there and monitor the chat no I see a
hawk so Jays doing a great job of
thanking them so if I don't see you
subscribe usually see Hawks or Jay
thanking you
I'm reading your chat and deciding
whether I want to say something about it
or not saying horrible things again oh
no it's in my head and are they asking
about Twin Peaks can we talk about Twin
Peaks have you heard
have you heard Jack let's have a
conversation about some things okay I
have heard you don't sound excited I'm
not excited you should be excited I'm
not and here's why
okay wait give them the news in case
they don't know oh yeah the news is Twin
Peaks is coming back nine Episode run
all episodes directed by David Lynch
it's gonna be on Showtime and the reason
you should be excited because I was
Deacon out on Twitter and someone said
to me name one thing that was revived
years after the fact that what didn't
turn out terrible whew and Rama
well feature I'm was a good example yes
I do actions but I thought it wasn't
arrived years it wasn't like a couple
decades this is 25 years ago um but the
thing is none of this stuff was ever
done but David Lynch that's the
difference
David Lynch has more integrity and a
better track record than anyone else I
could think of it as like a George Lucas
or someone like that yeah David Lynch
does not do shit that he doesn't care
about and he does it Twin Peaks coming
back is not a cash grab in any way
because it's not it was like a show that
barely lasted two seasons it has a small
but loving fanbase so it's not some
cheap cash grab I and oh good you can go
in just one second yeah there you go
never let any of them it's not great
Twin Peaks yeah it's still nine more
hours of something new directed by David
Lynch which up until this announcement I
didn't think I would ever see again he's
basically been retired from filmmaking
since he did Inland Empire so yeah so
I'm super excited here you just said
something that convinced me slightly
okay here is a thing in which I will
agree with you on David Lynch doesn't
give a fuck about anything yes so yes I
am 100% agree he's only doing this
because he wants to tell a story
do something yeah the problem is any any
of these sort of nostalgia properties
exist as nostalgia yeah and so you will
always have a part of these that was you
know that is living in a memory or some
ways that's living somewhere else
somewhere intangible and so they might
be fine the new Arrested Development I
liked more than most people I know a lot
of people didn't like it it was fine is
what it was but it was an utter
disappointment as compared to earlier
Arrested Development sure Arrested
Development though is also more of a
straight conventional thing sure I mean
it's it's a smart show it's different in
its own right but I what I also what I
said on Twitter is that with Twin Peaks
like just like fire walk with me Dave
Lynch is not gonna get people this is my
prediction I could be wrong but he's not
gonna give people what they think they
want it's gonna be most likely very
different from the original Twin Peaks
yes and a lot of people will be upset
because of that mm-hm like fire walk
with me which i think is a brilliant
movie but people were like oh this is
dark and creepy and where's all the the
characters I love and David Lynch's is
gonna be going to use this to explore
some sort of weird Avenue that this room
somehow connected to Twin Peaks
be a simple retreat reusable toilet
paper G shots oh these are subscribers
both reusable toilet paper and G shots
thanks for subscribing um have you have
you ever seen the video of David Lynch
talking about George Lucas asking him to
direct return this oh my god it's so
great know you've never seen that I know
oh yeah during the break I'm looking for
a David Lynch fan sure but it's also
Star Wars only show Jesus showed me
something called a what showed me
something called a walk in it it made me
sick I have the worst headache took me
to this place they only serve salad this
is David are you saying George Lucas is
a weirdo okay weirdo it's the best I
could listen to that guy talk all day
I do remember his railing against
watching videos on your eyes oh yeah we
just fucking telephone get real what
which you know like fine I get that but
it's like this is also the word what
this is what people are doing David you
got it you got it be cool about fire
safety yeah I just my problem is if it's
going to be something new and different
that will explore something in David
Lynch's psyche yeah does it need to be
Twin Peaks um alright I think it kind of
does I don't he's not interested in
making films anymore right but he still
loves that world he loves those
characters he loves that town what are
you doing to me that is if he went to
Showtime and said I'm David Lynch and I
want to make nine episodes of something
they tell me they wouldn't say of course
David let you do what you have to do I
don't know they might not
Twin Peaks is not a huge thing but it's
an established name yeah so I might have
had something to do with it I think
maybe because it's been 25 years and
that was the thing I'm the original show
I'll see you again in 25 years so it
makes sense
mm-hmm so I don't know I'm excited all
right
it's hard for me to get excited at the
revival of something anymore I think
people keep talk about ghostbusters like
I don't want that oh it's yeah Saint
always say man pretty close to happening
it's really happening with ladies yeah
lady ghostbusters which honestly I am
slightly more interested in that but I
would be just like a new Ghostbusters
with Seth Rogen or whoever else oh yes
at least there's some slightly different
element I still don't care but I don't
know yeah yeah no I'm a cynical as
anyone when it comes to reviving that
old franchises or properties but David
Lynch has yet to do something that
horribly disappoints me so you know what
all right yeah all right yeah I just
yeah I think there are some things that
will never that will never live up to
your that will never live up to the
potential that you gave them yeah I mean
it make sense with something like
Arrested Development going back to the
ex it's like you know I I didn't mind
the fourth season that much but it
wasn't as funny it wasn't as clever the
characters weren't interacting the way
they used to so it was slightly
different but it was different in a way
where it's still very much grounded in a
reality yeah in a way the Twin Peaks
doesn't have to be will stay there I'll
give you all I know is it's gonna be a
long wait till 2016
yeah I am slightly apprehensive about
him bringing as much of the cast back as
possible some of them don't look that
great these days that's part of the
thing Iran doesn't like polite way
putting it I remember watching the
fourth season of Arrested Development
and not realizing that Portia Oh
Portia de Rossi the Rossi looks
different now yeah I did not know I
thought that was supposed to be someone
else or I thought that was a different
actress playing like a younger version
of her yeah I could see that yeah she
look different so different to where her
jokes were landing because I was trying
to figure out who that character yeah
yeah I can see that I mean Kyle
MacLachlan is always awesome Kyle
MacLachlan is aged very well
yes layer Flynn Boyle not so much have
you seen where she looks like lately no
but you know what the last thing I saw
her in was men in black - oh god yeah
she still looked like a Cuban in that
yeah she looked great she knows too many
botched plastic surgery things she just
looks scary get Moira Kelly from fire
welcome me you get the replacement Donna
ray twice or a twice looks great Kyle
MacLachlan looks great you can't have
Ray Rice any market uh well we're
talking about twin peaks here I have no
idea what the plans for it are right I
mean I hope they have a bank just cuz I
love them yeah but bob is dead
unfortunately if Frank soul was dead no
the waitress in Twin Peaks was so
fucking hot I don't think anyone was it
wasn't windy Zia there was lots of lots
of foxy ladies on Twitter hey you know
what the shoulder pad it's just every
their faces than on the pad it's
distracting I can't watch her because
everyone had a perm and shoulder pad
that's true so I couldn't pay attention
to their smokin bod
all right thanks yeah ghostbusters ah
yeah
never never yeah you know it will you
rich will you even see the new whoa I
have no interest if it doesn't have
those characters I've done that Bill
Murray and not even out of any scenario
ramus no okay I would still see it out
of curiosity I have no expectations of
there being any good I might I might see
it but like oh I'm not gonna say I am
looking forward to oh god no
in any way shape or form no definitely
not yeah you know it's it's one of those
things where like a lot of the cast is
gonna be bridesmaids yes what's-his-face
Paul fake right yeah and the thing that
bothers me the most about this situation
is much like the Twin Peaks thing where
it's like oh we had a breakout original
comedy with an all-female lead cast yeah
right what should we do with all this
originality oh my god fosters man
right yeah bridesmaids changed Hollywood
a little bit after bridesmaids everyone
in Hollywood was clamoring for
all-female original broadsheet comedy
but she didn't really pan out
well they sucked I think that's probably
a big part of it yeah unfortunate I have
issues with bridesmaids but it's a funny
movie there's a funny movie buried in it
somewheres what I said like like most of
these modern Judd Apatow related
comedies it was way too long yeah yeah
but bloat shortened quick cut it short
and quick yeah
keep your money moving all the jokes all
your thunk yeah all jokes all the time
agreed ghosts maids that's funny
rivo ghostly ghost maids I also don't
much care for Melissa McCarthy I thought
she I didn't know who she was before
bridesmaids and I thought she was very
funny in bridesmaids yes but apparently
it's all she does she's one one of them
one-trick ponies I tell you why it's a
great trick well she's in the new
Marie movie st. Vincent and I don't
think she's doing her stick in that I
don't know much about the movie okay
let's see well say she had one when she
hosted Saturday Night Live
she had one funny sketch which was that
she was like a food tester Oh giving her
opinion on different foods I'm vaguely
she was a character and it was very that
was I remember laughing okay yeah I
mainly remember this yeah dictor
birthday boy votes McCarthy fart joke
laugh track pretty much that's it like
the worst part is that Tammy movie that
came out over the summer yeah that was
conceived and directed by her husband
it's like really like even you're not
gonna give her a chance to do something
more interesting ride that money train
the same thing over and over and over
oh did you come up with McCarthy a train
you know what I not me I do it was
called a joke I said joke it wasn't that
funny
but yes Melissa McCarthy equals female
Kevin James you are correct I don't know
I
she's I've laughed more foremost
McCarthy that I have no Kevin James for
whatever that's worth that's fine just
because there's more Kevin James Kevin
James is a female Melissa McCarthy Kevin
James is a male Melissa McCarthy okay no
you're right the first time
Kevin's as a female Melissa McCarthy
it's true oh yeah I don't think I've
ever laughed at Kevin James nothing eyes
I guess that actually you know I
probably haven't seen anything that he's
been in so that might be a bad that's
I've seen trailers I saw the trailer for
the zookeeper before before hitting his
gigantic movie turd face yeah he had a
couple really good stand-up specials
okay I want to take your word for he's a
fine stand-up comedian all right or was
I don't know if he does it any poor he
got involved with M Sandler and that
crew he who will not be made well know
before he made money regularly know it's
bubble same no he sees a fine he had
some fine stand-up specials I was like I
don't think the guy knew he was a
stand-up I don't know where he came from
he just one day had a sitcom like it was
this guy it stand up he was a stand-up
call me John I sweat the small stuff
yeah that was what it was called
that was a good that's a good I like his
the one because our shows for Comedy
Central smaller HBO that's a that's a
fine stand-up special oh my god someone
people are mentioning Adam Sandler's
Netflix feels oh yeah but what is this I
have not heard of this Adam Sandler has
signed to deal with Netflix to release
like four happy gilmore a happy Madison
Madison production movies so not
necessarily movies that he's in just his
production company is going to make I
built but I believe there's a
contingency of him being maybe not
starring but being in them all okay um
but yeah movies I don't make that'll go
direct like yeah yeah it's fine i I
think that's better because then you
don't have to see him in the theater
before lemon you don't have to see them
at all yes well I don't have to see his
movies in the theater but actually have
to see the trailers won't even have to
see that it'll be great nope it'll be
every time you go to Netflix it'll be a
giant bag oh yeah that's true
yeah it'll be great people want
unflexible of it and everything will be
great they're wonderful and people still
love him still oh this is crazy I was I
was freaking out about this on Twitter
the other night um as I was watching I
watch
Halloween and Halloween to yoga night
German great looking movies and Dean
come to you was the cinematographer for
them okay Dean company went on to do a
lot of early job of John John Carpenter
movies but then he also went on to do
the back of future movies did Apollo 13
Oh big movies yeah and I was like he's
done all these big movies what's he been
up to lately looked him up on IMDB
cinematographer for Jack and Jill how do
you go from back to the future Jurassic
Park
1313 and ease a great cinematographer
like it those especially those early
John Carpenter movies just like that
really makes a lot of what those movies
makes those movies work by the way they
might not otherwise Oh Mike yeah like
some made-for-tv movies lately and Jack
and Jill where it's like what happens
ran out of juice I don't know it was
really it was shocking I was shocked
when I found out that the man that did
the cinematography for Halloween did
Jack and Jill I'm shocked I was kind of
kind of depressed because of it I guess
it makes sense does it
yeah he's tapped okay money is money not
not just money as money sucked but he's
doing like he would make more money
doing large forms like Jurassic Park
than he was doing like made-for-tv
movies oh it's it's he just got burnt
out I'm doing these big movies we had
that he had visions you know like he
wanted to tell a story through the
language of the camera yeah and that
takes a lot of effort and way easier
just to work for Adam Sandler yeah I
guess because then you make all the
money but don't have to do any work you
just point the camera the thing you want
to shoot right yeah yeah that's true
so maybe you know he maybe you got a
hobby like wine collecting or something
he's really happy doing that yes he's a
little older now so yeah maybe Adam
Sandler was his retirement package I
don't know that's the only end of
similar movie you don't know I think I'd
have to leave like a design but I've
never seen some TV movies and like the
Garfield movie he did that yeah that's
what this man did the thing the thing is
one of the most beautifully shot horror
movies ever made the thing is great yeah
absolutely he was the one that
understood keep the creature in shadow
it's a big rubber monster it's a design
wise it's great but you keep it in a
shadow and it's gonna look so much more
realistic he's right Jay you just make
it CGI and the monster jumps all over
the screen that's what makes it scary
that's right they did with the prequel
reboot remake thing hmm you're right
but remember jump scares jump scares it
don't scares that's where that's how you
get them that's how you make them gonna
be scary right right you don't want to
build tension or suspense
that's dumb reminder
I feel enriched I feel an onion Oh
Deborah been good is me bringing up your
no dead from its liking you had it all
yeah no I've made it further than this
this is fucking volcano it's gonna get
me yeah yeah all right great
as a reminder to all those watching this
is Rich's attempt at a guacamelee no
different

[Part II]
reminder I feel enriched I feel and I
need no deadline then good is me
bringing up your know there from its
liking you had it all yeah yeah I've
made it further mess this is a fucking
volcano
it's gonna get me yeah yeah all right
great as a reminder to all I was
watching this is Rich's attempt at a
guacamelee no different
and if reminder
I mean there's those platforming blips
have already had like three of those
sure are but that doesn't count because
there's no scone
hey I know I know it's against getting
technical yeah but well yeah we
established that rule before we start I
tried to avoid those and I just fucked
up yeah I'm excited to play as everyone
in Spanish in the new smash brothers I
I'm really excited to play as Mega Man
III don't really play smash but I hear
complaints that little Mac is
overpowered no underpowered he can't
jump well Mac well Matt can't Joan no
air attack I'd want to play as little
mac because a little Mac his little back
absolutely I'm excited you know what I'm
excited for all the build your own
character stuff I think that's the most
exciting you can play you can make your
own fighters as knees and give them what
game like Smash Brothers and not want to
play as one of the characters because
you can make any character you want as a
me no no but like these can be anything
you can make Abraham laughs and remember
you remember they made Abraham Lincoln
that was a big day
Abraham Lincoln could fight Gandhi and
doesn't excite me at all not that I'm
not that I'm in like a smash fan in the
first place it's fine it's fine it's
gonna be great it's gonna be one of
those games where if you like Super
Smash Brothers you're gonna like it
maybe you know you're gonna feel I have
to that adores it going into I thought
it was already it's out for the 3ds okay
the Wii U version is not how similar are
they going to be almost exactly except
for graphics really yes also there have
been reports of people oh oh no oh no
there have been reports of people
breaking their 3ds playing the game
overuse yeah overuse overuse of the
because the 3ds has a weird joystick
yeah
and so people you know are abusing it
abusing the joystick popping it right
off well sounds like a fantastic piece
of hardware it breaks when you use it
yeah yeah you gotta watch out for those
people that are abusing the joystick
that's a joke welcome to Jay Jay's
masturbation gym here with you every
night I wish everyone could have seen
richest face when I made that joke or a
lack of expression on his face I say you
can't just watch the video rich watch
just the Robocop trailer that's the same
expression I thought that was pretty
good
personally wish my job it was like oh my
is it work we're going back to that
there's a little obvious what it was
yes smash is gonna be great you know
i-i've always enjoyed the smash series
so I'm looking forward to it I think
part of the fun is these weird fighters
like the like the Wii Fit trainer is a
fighter this time that's gonna be
fucking weird and it's gonna be great
you just once you start playing and keep
playing you pick the weirdest fighter
you can I loved playing with Rob cameo
in smash 4 Hall just could get weird
moveset like this is the Pope I think
the pokemon trainer is not there anymore
I really like playing pokemon trainer I
thought he was he was super awesome
because you would play as three
different Pokemon and I know this is
important for Jay and rich because
they're selling two Pokemon like I am
but normally in Smash you know you're
the fighter but you play as the trainer
and you send out your Pokemon to fight
for you choose between three different
Pokemon that has three different moves
yeah this is exhilarating yeah it is it
was superheated so like the strategy
there was strategy involved with how you
used and it was it was fun okay it was
fun dip I am NOT the biggest hipster
ever does it does it matter
no is the answer I like the things that
I like I don't like the things that I
don't well ii-i've met hipsters you are
not a hipster Jeff no good thanks Jay
rich called me a hipster that was for
Josh for coming yeah but it still
stopped I mean it means that there's
clearly a rift between the two of you in
real life that's it's gotta mean that
right absolutely it couldn't just be
that we're trying to be funny yeah he
called me a hipster you flipped me off
it's done I'm leaving done I'm leaving
the red letter media community never to
be heard from again
dad has been excommunicated by all his
opinions on Theodore - yep for no other
reason Whoopi Goldberg Whoopi always
breaking up communities we almost we
almost kicked out Jack it was close
well I am just upset that you destroyed
those tapes we destroyed two copies wait
we had to kick my god of red letter
media a couple days ago oh no what did
he do you just keep cross the line cross
the line I can't even talk about it oh
my god I thought your head you turns a
joke but what the joke is the joke is
he's not gonna be in any more videos oh
yeah we kicked him out of red letting me
know sure that works no more serious
business you're playing the game I
thought it was a very nice destruction I
enjoyed watching like Richard measure
but we oh yeah we're gonna do still be
dinosaur related and we couldn't come up
with anything so we have two copies
maybe I mean maybe you could have asked
me but then I would have told you not to
destroy you're out of town when we shot
that oh yeah plus we then the episode is
awesome all three of us voting to
destroy it
did you yes have you know watch the
episode you lived it it's okay I lived
it no we say who wants to destroy this
and all three of us hold our hands I
only launched the first half I see okay
so you voted to destroy it yes all right
that's fine that's fine or whatever just
a matter of it are you ever gonna watch
it again I'm sure I'm sure it exists
somewhere else well we have a digital
copy oh oh that's true oh wait no we
don't we destroy it we watched it on DVD
originally and we destroyed the DVD yeah
are you selling digital Fabio
oh yeah I would have to you have to I
know what I'm doing I'm glad
jessie is the bestower Island person
you're correct she should have been part
of the stream before before you got here
just play an FTL on my own yeah she was
saying such adorable things FTL waved
when you go into the end there in the
camera saying why are you fighting the
medicines you have a man is crew member
why do you talk of the medicine
questions I enjoyed it it should have
been a part of the stream is what I'm
saying I agree for about an hour and 11
minutes oh that's all that's all feels
like forever
Jay do you feel like telling people how
you rip content from VHS tapes uh like
the process of doing it yeah someone
someone asked how you how you get it
from a VHS um well there's the way we do
it is a little or not okay but there's
easier ways to do it now it's a little
complicated
yeah we need to update our process but
no we have a DVD recorder so we and
that's the VCRs hooked into that so we
record it as we're playing the VHS tape
and then I ripped that DVD there's
easier ways to do it than we will update
our process eventually what are the
easier ways to do one of the easier ways
to do it is to use the capture device
that we are currently streaming from
right now yes we're figuring it out guys
old habits they die hard it's true
that's the things like this is the way
we've done it from the start so it's
like I'm used to this process you know I
just keep doing it that way
absolutely but ya know doing it where it
just goes straight to a digital file is
the smarter way to do it and we will
start doing that eventually for for
prereq we have a hope hope capture
device that we capture all the game
footage from that's what we're doing
right now we're running an HDMI cable
out of Rich's computer in
to my hauppage and that's over streaming
from and if the workflow gets simple
enough I believe I'm gonna try to talk
James to implementing it into VHS cancer
yeah because if you have to file the
laquet rows and before NPR okay
and before so you can or I don't know if
that works the final cut um I would
probably convert it to a different file
format just so it matches the frame rate
and everything sure watching footage
yeah but you can record it out whatever
frame right okay but but then if you
want to like convert into pro res just
very easy then yeah that's probably I
would do yeah but yeah it starts off
digital that way super yeah and then it
also just records however you play it so
if we ever felt like pausing it it would
still sync up later
you did it rich good congratulations how
pouch is easy to spell Thank You Billy
hecka for spelling it out for people
there are there are other capture
devices this one was seen to be the most
reasonable the only the only big issue
is it works best with Windows and so I
had to dual boot by max to really use it
which isn't a big deal because I needed
to do that anyway to play a bunch of the
games that we play but it does have a
Mac capture stuff the black magic black
magic has a couple really awesome max
capture devices that work natively with
but they're significantly more expensive
something Mac related being more
expensive what are you talking about
thanks for picking up on that joke
there's everybody bored of watch me play
the show does that happen it's a nothing
can't be this is a great who's bored of
this nobody a good looking game make the
graphics game I have the sound
everything's great someone was given a
shit on the YouTube for us complaining
about the lack of visual differences
yeah fighting in different colored boxes
joke yeah which I thought I still see
it's true it's very true and they were
saying that you know it's not about it's
not about the visual differences in
inspire the Fighting's that which we
also said we love yeah but that doesn't
mean that you look look you're just in a
purple box right now this room is
slightly different because there's buzz
saws in your box that doesn't mean I
hate the game life this is my kids play
through right right
that's what people it's just like we
gave this game go long wing
recommendations yes and people still
find these shit to complain don't you
guys like anything with like like half
the games we play for this young man or
whatever the most recent video it is if
you have any complaints about it
that'll be the people will say yeah
don't you guys hey you guys hate
everything right and we like this this
video in particular was glowing except
for the one complaint which is some of
the room that the rooms look very
similar yeah so what you're saying is
you hate it basically yeah basically we
have a bank it said all the time where
it's like people say you guys are way
too nice to every movie or people say
you guys hate every move so I'm sure
those comments are on the same video
sometimes yeah welcome to YouTube where
dreams go to die
comics Anne was asking about what we
think about Adobe Premiere Jack uses the
Adobe suite and loves the shit out of it
it is Final Cut 7 in fact jack goes out
of his way to recommend it to
mostly because it's a editing program
that can take advantage of modern
computing systems unlike Final Cut 7
with so I'm used to I'm I'm a ninja in
Final Cut 7 uh-huh so I'll take the leap
eventually eventually I'm gonna keep
poking dog I understand as you should
how do you love Final Cut 7 mm-hmm does
everything I want the most part imagine
an editing program that would do
everything you wanted but do it faster
and badger his final cut well I look
this up the other day Final Cut can only
use something like four gigs of RAM so
it doesn't matter how much RAM you have
in your computer Final Cut can only use
four hmm okay or rendering in such sum
there's something Ilana it's it's a it's
a 32-bit system running on a 64-bit
right processor but if that's what
you're used to
they doesn't like things that are
different that's right that's true
I don't think anyone does you get you
get it you get a rhythm down you get
used to it I'm very fast and final cut
yeah you get into your habits looking
32bit it's true yes I will get the
GameCube adapter for smash 4 I still
have all my wave birds I can love my
wave Birds GameCube controller was
perfect for smash brother GameCube
controller was perfect in general great
control sorry
octo Jay is asking a Final Cut Pro
64-bit Final Cut X is 64-bit Final Cut 7
Final Cut Pro 7 which is the one before
Final Cut X is throwing before they
fucked everything yeah if you get Final
Cut X now that is 64-bit but it sucks
but it yeah it has some issues what's
wrong with it they they decided to make
it more dumb person friendly yes is that
the way to put it
maybe not dumb person friendly more
average consumer friend yes way average
the sewer is dumb that's what I was I
was basically saying yeah they it's it
was basically basically made a really
great version of iMovie Pro yeah that's
a slightly more advanced version of
iMovie yeah what other things you you
know you can't do with it no then yeah
you could before yes plenty yes there
they were missing certain export
counters fuck you talking
fish the other the idea behind it was
that Apple Apple was notorious for not
supporting a final cut they they created
this wonderful editing tool and then
decided that it didn't have a good
enough profit margin mostly because
everyone's stolen okay so they would
stop supporting final cuts so Apple
which Final Cut X had a great idea which
is we will make the base unit and
anything fancy that you want to add it
onto it like export modules or stuff
like that the community will create that
and we can sell its DLC they basically
made DLC for Final Cut okay right thanks
Ellsworth and so a lot of that is there
now if you pay extras yeah but the base
price for the Final Cut X is like one
three hundred bucks or something no less
than they haven't even less than that
yeah when it first came out was it three
hundred I have that number in my head I
could be wrong I don't remember I know
it was something super cheap yeah super
cheap for that relative relatively key
to professional editing yeah yeah
incredibly cheap so in any case a lot of
those problems are being fixed but it
doesn't matter because a large number of
the pro users just went to premiere yeah
especially those who like to incorporate
After Effects into their stuff because
now Premiere talk directly to After
Effects which is nice right in that's my
primary reason for wanting to switch
over super and eventually I quit and you
know you can do J you can port over all
of your keyboard shortcuts there's
actually here but there's a one button
click that says use Final Cut keyboard
shortcuts oh yeah so all you can do
there just one button okay cool okay
it's super great so what it is you don't
need to
I still do sometimes but you no longer
need to transcode into ProRes oh well
sure you can just take what the camera
gives you that start editing for ProRes
is still a lot smoother and so for
things like for our discussion for
prereq i'll Transco that into ProRes
okay but like for all the other footage
i just leave as is and i don't use it as
much you know like the the ingame
playings
what a deado that strings go man it's
just as fast anything what's so great J
I understand
I never hurts but I know you do but I
just want to keep munching every once in
a while like I haven't talked about in a
couple months with you Lester
and so every every couple of months I
just want to poke catch Jack why do you
care what software Jane uses um as a
fellow editor my life has been
significantly easier since moving to
premier and I know Jays workflow is
similar to mine yeah I was gonna say
good slightly clunky as a result of
using fine okay right right but I mean
in general you know we do similar things
again and so I've found a way to live
life easier and I wouldn't I want to
share that with my friend Jane you know
wouldn't you if you found if you found
something super fantastic when you want
to share with the people around you
does Jack choose all the music used in
prereq because I like it yeah I do
in Iowa also the the music I use as
background music is just like the iTunes
or the iTunes YouTube stock background
music oh sure that I Lou was at the end
of music the song the plays at the end I
never see people ask about that everyone
asked about that
it's a youtube stock because though it
is ok it's cool or die by Stewart boogie
or bogey I don't know how we're gonna
say let's boogie because you want a
boogie do this music absolutely it's
called do or die and the rest of the
song by the way it turns into an 80's
synthpop song oh yeah that you would
never know by hearing that first 10
seconds huh
fuck but it's a nice little music outro
yeah and yeah everybody everybody wants
to know ask about that song every single
fucking time and they don't bother to
read the fucking comments where
someone's already answered that question
yeah my concentration is go no no no man
we just play the game do it it's fine
this prereq shot in 24 frames per second
it looks more cinema like than other rln
thing this this might be a debt oh is
this it
the saws are dead
Diane we did service about that that's
okay no I'm glad you I'm glad you warned
us about that because if you died there
we could have made fun of you yeah um
well the more cinematic look they're
talking about I think is you're the one
angle is a DSLR camera yes that's where
time up usually all all but this last
all but guacamelee I usually shoot with
one AF 101 gh 2 which is a DSLR and the
DSLR camera looks fantastic as all DSLR
cameras do so maybe that's why it looks
more cinema like unless you're talking
about the guacamelee episode in which
case that's not true because I used to
the way of 100s
Jack move in 30 frames per second but
but yes yeah all of mine are shot in 24
frames per second but I believe so is
everything yeah everything is 24 feet
everything's 24 and actually some of the
earlier prereq episodes were shot in 30
feet oh so then you're double wrong how
about that yeah cuz I don't mind 30 be
like the crisp look yeah it looks like
video but it's crisp it's technically
better Oh someone's someone's giving
some PC master-race stuff the human eye
could only be in 720p net Oh si I
apologize more technical talk is boring
we're nerds this is our life it is is
fuck I can talk about my gimpy and some
Moors
so we'll all have death on our minds ah
death and ailments definite ailments
yeah that was just a reminder I think
I've mentioned the Sun half of the bag
before II have a horrible fear and
disgust of the human body nice reminder
as to why like I'm not like scared to
like touch people or anything just
what's going on inside sure it's
horrifying it's a disgusting weird place
in there and you never know what's gonna
happen that's true hey how many pounds
of crap do you think are inside of you
fellas how many palms not that many yeah
less than one of crap middle everyone
maybe one or two maybe one or two oh
eight today was a salad and some soup
and some Twizzlers so you can't eat so
um thanks text like 15 hour old things
well okay so 18 hours some of us are
regular
because we have high fiber diets yes
this is a much better discussion isn't
it yes that's what I'm talking about
frame rate some more okay guys quick
twist whole blame rates or disgusting
human body were you talking about frame
rates or poop
that's gonna come up in a second that
just like poop just like did that come
up in a second Jack what I'm not
skipping a cutscene does no go the
cutscene no no it is a beautiful
cutscene everyone saying when all this
while without a cutscene yeah Wow only a
handful in this game okay you know
because they know I have this Oh they
wants to talk about the frame rates of
our poops there's your toilet have a
noise gate
oh nothing makes me happier than pooping
in an empty house if I can say that um
my wife and I both work from home and
okay looks like my froze on the screen
it's just oh um
but on mornings and I'm a morning pooper
that's my that's my schedule on mornings
when when she has something to do it's
like Christmas
and you know you have an upstairs and a
downstairs bathroom we do but still I've
been I don't like that it's just like
don't go upstairs for a little bit I
like I just don't want other people to
smell my poop okay I don't know if
that's weird I mean that's no it's very
human thing it's very
and so it's just like yeah I'm ashamed
of my poo I want to interrupt you long
enough to point out the fact that I've
just turned into a chicken that's great
well my favorite sequences in the game
it's like okay you're comfortable to
controls you got all the fight mechanics
down you're a fucking chicken gun guess
what we've integrated a game mechanic
into the game in which you turned into a
chicken oh this is terrifying Jesus that
could have really killed you keep coming
you have to like memorize this yep oh my
god well the different called green
green jump blue stream okay dedicated
chicken button but they come at you fast
enough you kind of can I gotta remember
what order they popped up in I see
chicken equals morph ball yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah this game wants to be Metroid
very very badly it does not want to be
Metroid it is its met its may Metroid
we're Mexican wrestling that's fine if
Metroid were Street Fighter yeah yeah
our final place I don't know the street
fighters are fighting it yeah but this
is more moves than like a a final fight
which i if I remember right is pretty
much just a punch kick punch kick no it
had like you know punch punch character
you might think you can chain together
that feels more Street Fighter eat okay
you know what I'll give it to you I'll
give you that I'll give you Danielle
this is Tex Mex next Royden I like that
yeah Tex Mex Troy Tex Mex Troy oh that's
good stop
oh and McGregor like the same thing
Mexican that does Sabol mexic Troy
that's this close
Sammis easy to do or oh my god I was
Mike yes we did receive your movies
thank you I've been wanting to see
Halloween 3 for a very long time we've
never seen it
not one the Halloween and part 3 o has
nothing to do with the other Halloween
movies no oh but it was shot in
Australia all right great
someone is saying Jack talk about the
evil within are you talking about just
like the evil within Manor
yeah I was very confused is that not a
video game or anything I have going they
don't know I'm sure probably is it is a
video game maybe it's a movie I don't
know so talking about enemy within the
ExCom expansion could be I think I mean
basically what you're trying to say is
like civilization versus our primal
nature and we've instilled upon humanity
a kind of a code of what we call ethics
and ethics don't exists in the animal
kingdom so the things we call evil or
just our animalistic sides is that what
you're talking about it boils down to do
whatever you want all time in two roles
Jim yeah
rule number one is do whatever you want
all the time
rule number two is be able to live with
the consequences of rule number one yes
and if you cannot then don't do rule
number one that's it that's that's the
two rules everybody
yeah I'm waiting for him to answer me
about what that leave talking about the
blue team's coming out oh it's
apparently a horror game that's coming
out oh we love our games your why are
you so against horror games it's not my
thing okay
I don't think this yeah you're done no
horror movies either so
yeah do in most horror games that I have
played I have seen the scenes okay
and so therefore they're not scary sure
once once you can figure out the
mechanics then you're no longer scared
by them you know like it's it's as if
you were watching a horror movie and you
saw you know the if you if you saw the
string that was holding up the samurai
sword ruin the illusion or make the
whole thing more entertaining yes
can you voluntarily turn into a chicken
yeah yeah wow that's great
that is a dead that is a game mechanic
there are times in which you have to
turn into a chicken wonderful is it's
really great date favorite Game Boy
games I don't know if I can remember a
Tetris Tetris is the only one well I
mean obviously Pokemon not for me not
for you from as a Pokemon for Gameboy
that's where it came out really Pokemon
has only been on handhelds when the
first one came up for that I didn't even
remember that pokemons existed when the
Gameboy came out Wow come on man they
realize Pokemon is that old is that old
ugh how about that yeah yeah no Gameboy
I had a gameboy I had a lot of good
games the
Zelda games for Pokemon or for the
Gameboy print Pokemon the Zelda games
for the Pokemon those were great done
what I wonder what that message is have
you know oh you don't have a oh we can
find out we can find that you wanna see
what it is yeah yeah my mother's thorny
apprentice that's what yeah you read
that that what's it called the cubes you
are you are I don't know what do the
iPhones have a QR scanner built-in I
think you have to I have 100 just I got
rid of it um but yeah you have to
download an app for it if I said I may
have gotten rid of it when I cleaned up
my phone I've I did this when I first
played the game a while ago I don't know
if it's the same message okay okay nope
I got rid of mine okay hold on I'm gonna
get a QR code reader here real quick how
long is it gonna take
not long okay yeah all those things like
okay let me go to the App Store use the
app store we're gonna time I can play
Brian Butterfield quotes mobs find a
good one what what type trees are
blocked what are you implying you know
familiar with Brian Butterfield
I am volume familiar with Brian
Butterfield old solid awesome crab cheat day
treat day treat then his treat day is treat Jay
you know Lincoln that gave me a chapter
oh yeah yeah oh great you get it whoa
forget it
oh my god was taking forever
no I haven't I'm standing it right now I
have beaten the game by now
Church does this have a nice day oh and
Greg okay here's what the it's a text QR
code and it says congratulations you
successfully identified and scan a QR
code oh that's it just says this is a QR
code it says uh it says Tecna the text
is congratulations you successfully
identified and scan the QR code great
job and it says in several languages a
heart drink box studio it was just them
fucking with us
no that's fine
I wasted all my Brian Butterfield quotes
for that I do just want to delete this
app now I don't feel like that's why I
delete in mine like I used like scanning
like two or three QRS in the course of
the couple years I've had my phone
gently this isn't worth it alright I
deleted it you guys had just deleted
icky our scan again oh it's probably
making fun of the QR code stuff in other
games where I tried to take itself
seriously sure yeah I know other games
have QR codes apparently is oh okay as
QR codes you sure to drink your own
babies @j have you seen the Japanese
movie funky forest no I've never even
heard of it there you go
I've seen the Japanese movie house house
ooh it's not amazing
all right I don't know what funky forest
is but um there is a movie I own that we
should all watch called the happiness of
the cat Icarus oh I've seen that it's
great it is yeah
Takashi Miike it's a it's a horror
musical all the musical numbers are
pretty sparse fire they're very smart
but it is a whole emotion it and yeah
that features musical numbers on
ironically like legit music numbers
happiness of the cut cures great book
yeah so actually saw that in the theater
really yeah good job that's usually my
ace in the hole when when we started
talking about obscure movies okay that's
a good one yeah I don't hear a lot of
people talking about that one is that a
Castlevania reference of assuming woo
guy whipping a skeleton yeah okay those
are bats definitely councilman you okay
and are you saying there's a reference
in this game the did you find a
reference holy shit
where did you discover a penis of the
cut of carries for a while Jake and I
were subscribed to like a like festival
indie movie of the Month Club oh okay so
every month they would send us like
three or so DVDs in the mail there's
just like random international movies
festival movies indie movies we saw so
much garbage oh sure but this was just
one of them it was little yep I forget
what that service was it was it wasn't
one of those oh yeah it was really great
it was just like Gears of random movies
that no one's ever heard of watch them
maybe he remembers what that's called
anyway
Kipnis not a captain curious no i
rewatch that i haven't seen that movie I
really want I have it on DVD yeah
so we can't all right all right physical
media indie movie of the month yeah
something like that it was hipster
flicks goddammit goddammit you're right
no we don't you know that seeking out
smaller films that are maybe interesting
or different mm-hmm that makes you a
hipster I know it does don't you know
that I will I do now
someone just pointed it out but if all
you watched was mainstream garbage
Johnny would just be a popcorn watching
idiot you're right so you really there's
no way to win there are only extremes
sure only extremes well is that it are
there like acceptable indie movies where
I could just be a guy who likes movies
no because if it's an indie movie that's
well-known enough but it I liked enough
then it's too mainstream been
unpretentious then you're ya know then
you're jumping on the bandwagon oh fuck
I don't want to do that either you're
you're trying to come across like like
you like independent films but this is a
mainstream independent film it's
different this is how this birds Jam
there's no any so again we go back to
the rule didn't do it everyone all time
all time and I do not care about people
hating on my choices of things to watch
so I will watch whatever are the fuckin
I generally I like to seek out smaller
films that have never heard of that
maybe will not be interesting and
different and sometimes I like guardians
of the galaxy yeah you know yeah like
what you like you like what you like I'm
with you I'm with you every once in a
while the only thing I don't like is
middle-of-the-road
mediocre boring middle road Pleasant
movies if it's Pleasant I probably won't
like it yeah and you know I'm fine with
Pleasant movies those are those are the
movies I put on when I don't feel like
watching it I really enjoy romantic
comedies because it's it's like five
minutes that I can turn my brain off
because that's how long those movies are
right they feel like they're five hours
I just turn your brain off cuz you know
exactly what's gonna happen and you know
you just enjoy the cinematography if
there is an error well that's the thing
it has to have that level at least yeah
and it's like it looks like When Harry
Met Sally that's the one I want everyone
always brings up because that's a
genuinely good movie yeah yes it is
that's what I always say when someone
says like oh I don't like this yonder Oh
like I don't like horror movies or I
don't like romantic comedies I think
well then you haven't seen the good ones
that's right that's right you can find a
good movie pretty much any genre
absolutely I'll absolutely agree with
that you can find a good anything in any
genre you know I don't like country
music well good tunes mod it most of the
modern like radio friendly country music
is pretty horrible
that's not even country anymore yeah
that's true it's kind of morphed into
something else I'm doing bad here or
something like oh oh oh I see your
health bar
do you have your you have your super
your super deuce feels like a cheap it
does it does feel like a cheese that is
my big complaint about the DLC about the
Super Duty is it feels unnecessary oh
boy you too - and then you went back for
more just to make it a fair play nice
god this rich you've got this I know I
do
hey I just ran into a bad patch I guess
I'm not encouraging you fine that's fine
it's just it's just not needed
um
Starcraft 108 says punch-drunk love
about it oh you just said it I love that
movie it's great really good movie but
you're supposed to hate it because I
understand there's in it that's Jesse
that's a great Adam Sandler movie that
movie uses his already established
personality and just puts it in a
completely different context yep he
plays the same type of character but
it's done in such a different way and it
works because it paints up as a a
slightly sociopathic man yeah yeah
manchild
yeah and says what he is in all of his
movies if he ran into happy gilmore in
real life you would say that guy's a
fucking nut
yeah and that's what punch-drunk love
does so well this guy's kind of off his
rocker a little bit he seems like a nice
sweet man but then he has these weird
fits of rage
punch-drunk love is a great movie but it
struck home that's my my favorite Paul
Thomas Anderson which is probably not a
popular opinion which makes me a hipster
but nice I love that movie I love to
look at it on the sound design of it the
music is great yes yes it's also insane
that's great yeah which is great mmm
what are other all times Anderson movies
but unites oh yeah that's fantastic
Oh unites is a great movie that might be
up there yeah just thinking of favorites
but you're now you're gonna say the next
one I'm wearing to go whoo whoo that one
too Magnolia and so now it's great
though great that would be blood oh my
god that was great let's see and then
you probably have seen the master have
you seen that I haven't won a stir that
was what I was sort of iffy on when I
first saw it yeah that's it's a little
more obtuse than his other movies about
Elrond right about what l ron Hubbard oh
yeah yeah sort of I start we're in the
first me and Elrond yeah we go way back
ya know it was a movie a little trouble
with when I first saw it but I rewatched
it several times since then and I've
grown to really love it oh okay I don't
wait for it in here advice
Josh events that I don't believe that's
true by the way and you'll know the
answer to this he says Radiohead did the
sound design for punch-drunk love no
that's not sure that is not true no so
one of the guys from Radiohead did the
music for there will be blood what
punch-drunk love is John Brian yes and I
knew you knew the answer to that yeah
well John Bryan scores yes John Bryan
did the sound design for punch-drunk
love so I guess what I'm saying is get
your shit together maybe it is possibly
inspired by Radiohead I that I couldn't
tell you that I couldn't tell you oh you
fucked up I know he takes music from
Robert Altman's plop I just watch him
right up there right there did that you
always let you prove
be very wrong that's what happened oh
the chat is is saying you're right Jane
you know sometimes it happens in a
strange turn of events the chat agrees
with you occasionally I get information
there will be blood is also the title of
a movie about to be added to the wheel
of the worst it's an educational video
for girls about the start of their first
period oh that's a good - fine joke it's
fine fine
oh yeah did you see that I saw that rain
over me did I see that Adam Sandler has
oh it doesn't like his wife died on 9/11
- and child:yeah died on 9/11 he Adam
Sandler putting this out there to the
universe and I'm gonna get shit for
ready Adam Sandler is a good actor yeah
I think he can be in the right role I
ate like vaguely remember ray Nova but I
thought he was okay in that wait go back
in there right so back in there I see
you know I see a reference sure you see
the vvv oh yeah yeah I caught that
backwards guys Adam Sandler has the
ability to be a good actor I liked him
in funny people did you see that I
didn't say funny gonna know again too
long but he was getting it I he was also
very good in Spanglish oh yeah if you
enjoy that kind of stuff which I do
I remember being frustrated by that
movie like tonally I don't remember much
about it anymore but I remember thinking
that he was pretty good in it yeah but
three thing I hate the shit that he
writes yep when a real filmmaker puts
him in a movie it's usually because they
see something in him that they know they
can work with yeah like he was
originally gonna be in or was at least
Tarantino was interested in putting him
in Inglourious Basterds
really yeah oh that would have been
interesting yeah well this is I'm saying
is is he has the ability to be a good
actor reign over me was a little Smoltz
T for my tastes but he's good in it
yeah again kind of playing against type
you know he was an introvert a little
crazy little man childish but you know
in a dramatic role and it was uh it's
nice it's night maybe that's what's the
most frustrating part about his
decisions as a producer in a filmmaker
yes is knowing that he has talent and he
chooses not to do it after punch broke
love cuz I loved that movie so much yeah
I was like oh he's interesting now I
think the very next movie he did was
anger management I was like oh fuck
cuz I thought like oh he's gonna start
to do more mature yeah I thought he was
so good and punch dark love I was so
excited like oh he's gonna start to do
you know some some more interesting
stuff yeah and here we are you know
however many years later and he's doing
Jack and Jill and what's that new
blended and shit like that yeah yeah oh
no I thought you were looking at me no
no we're at the gym oh okay yeah
I go probably like Ramon oh you know
what I never saw that one remote
controller or click click click click I
never saw fly cuz I don't care no no you
should see it as apparently the thing
what is apparently click is a movie that
the first half of it is exactly the
movie you think it's gonna be if someone
gets a remote control I can control
space and time yeah and wacky things
with it but then turns weird ok
like he messes with space and time I'm
gonna I'll look it up on IMDB and if I
see him Sandler involved in the writing
of it at all I'm not gonna watch it and
I'm fine with it
I don't I just remember someone telling
me to I remember someone telling me to
give it a chance I didn't okay but I
remember someone telling good and
everyone saying that click is shit and
whatever ability fart on David
Hasselhoff's head in that movie baby
because that tells me pretty much
everything I need to know okay that's
fine I have not seen click and obviously
the person who told me this wasn't
important enough to me for me to
remember it I'm just passing along
information ok
it sucks ok it click a shit okay oh wait
there's a slow-mo boob bouncing scene so
we got that going for us
oh yes now we've gotta watch it yeah he
goes far enough David Hasselhoff saying
okay okay so the chat was fucking with
you and you believed them is what you're
saying
oh no no someone is someone in the chat
mentioned that because I'm a hipster I
probably liked that movie and I haven't
seen it
oh that's what that's what led to this
Congress but you would like it because
you're a hipster maybe I don't know nope
it's green water it seems like everyone
else thinks it's a really bad movie so I
mean I'm leaning towards
yeah I'm gonna like it because because
I'm hipster kappa cabana asks jack
will you ever consider having a facecam
no oh no that's not true
oh we were talking before the stream
about it maybe if you're very good yeah
there is a possibility of having one in
the future we make no promises but it
might happen just saying

[Part III]
I think myself and the chat agreed with
you okay good because it's dickish and
redundant obviously you were just saying
you just said it and now yeah people are
actually just saying like they don't
care about fade the the face cam they
just want Jessie and I agree anytime
Jesse's here so they want a boob cam she
makes well no I think they're saying in
lieu of face cam Phaedra just had us
here and I agree yeah she makes not only
the stream but our lives brush she's
very entertaining but he doesn't she
doesn't want to believe it but she's
very entertaining mr. Jay come to
Scotland okay bye G we're good
I'm going Scotland oh okay I would love
to go to Scotland I'd love to go
somewhere no I haven't travelled nearly
enough in my life I recommend it
have you been to Scotland traveling oh
sure I have not been to Scotland I have
been to a couple countries in Europe and
it's really awesome
you know I it's very old yeah Europe is
way older than America mm-hmm they have
some shit also kind of tiny yeah I mean
when I was in Texas we were talking
about like Texas is like the size of
Europe so you know not only do you see
really old shit but you can go to a
bunch of different countries in the same
day yeah
yeah we'll see hopefully in the future
I'll get to travel a little bit more but
do I must I did this year was I went to
California for a few days because I
wanted to travel somewhere but I wasn't
gonna be able to go to you know
someplace crazy then I go to California
for a couple days if we find if we find
a reason to justify it
much like Adam Sandler does with his
movies you know that's this is why Jay
it's very important to establish some
sort of live show okay because then you
have an excuse to travel everywhere but
I don't want to travel places and do
work well no but then you you scan til
the shows like a week or so apart so
yeah you get days just to take in
charity it's like then it's still
technically for work so it's only right
off okay fine that yeah
yes rlm equals the new Adam Sandler
that's listen as long as you make good
stuff well I'm not shitting out Adam
Sandler for wanting to travel whenever
he makes a movie I'm shitting on him for
making bad movies for using the making
of a movie as an excuse to travel
someplace interesting that's what he
does no no but that's I'm saying that's
fine you know you'd be okay with that if
the movie was good if the movie
compensating yeah but it's clear that he
doesn't care right and that's the thing
right it's just a paid vacation for him
yeah where you know if he wants to go to
Hawaii
to shoot his next really only because he
wanted to visit Hawaii but it turns out
it's a really funny movie based in
Hawaii I'm fine with it okay
hey rich okay are you in the gauntlet
right now yeah the gone he's a top Act
says rich app consider taking best of
the worst on tour we talked about this
last time when Jack didn't understand
copyright it would be a logistical
nightmare obtaining the rights to screen
these movies yeah you know what movie I
think might be public domain as a row
tour because apparently rip tracks just
released a rip of wrote or maybe with
the video a company in it so they're
able to sell that so I'm guessing it's
public domain sure okay
all we need is two more J but my joke
and they found that out was I wonder if
they got bombarded with people saying
best of the worst already did this no
we're not gonna say science theater
people right mister his eyes leader
already did this that would be really
funny yeah sigh so that's it J we get
three movies three public domain movies
and we can travel the world I send the
same three movies every night for a
month
oh god I think I'd lose my mind if I had
to watch road tour every night for a
month
well no not ever every year you have to
watch it four times that maybe too many
you have to watch it once a week and
then have basically the same
conversation line yeah about it once a
week and then we could have a month in
Europe or we'd have to find twelve
public domain movies
I think it's doable I think it's doable
guys I guess what I'm saying is we're
working on it we are doing some amount
of work on it the top priority zero is
some stop work of a new plugin review
travel yo with wrote or hey-oh someone
it's a bazooka saying Doug Benson and
Greg Propst do movie commentary live
shows oh yeah and they do weird crappy
old movies too yeah well I'm sure if
their public domain or they have somehow
secured the rights to live showing or
they're scamming Oh apparently year of
GLAAD knows a shit ton about copyrights
so we can you all just talk to him about
it okay just you know like a super lot
that's what he said like a super very
much okay
Gregg's proofs from whose line is it
anyway not Gregg Propst to the host of
Survivor ah
that's Jeff Probst oh I don't know also
I don't know if that's true maybe it is
the host of Survivor and Doug Benson
he's well-known for his comedy yeah I
don't know anything about him you know
maybe he gets high all the time
Wow filming survivor I know Doug Benson
I know he is he gets high all the time
Oh does it that's that's a snake oh but
he has a movie podcast too right I think
he does maybe getting Doug with high
what is that that's his podcast no he is
a movie podcast
does he yeah yeah also doesn't he have a
he has a thing called getting Doug with
high I had no idea we had in which
people get high with him and then they
have a podcast about it oh no this is a
different one then let's do multiple
podcasts TCL P $9.99 thank you for
subscribing I also say that as if I'm
talking to Jay because he looks really
confused whenever I say what do you say
no we really appreciate it
Doug loves movies Doug loves movies yeah
is getting Doug with high a thing that's
the real thing are you sure Doug Benson
is well known for getting high that's
fine yeah I just I've never heard this
before
it's someone's gonna say it's a thing or
they're gonna fuck with me yeah okay
someone watch this getting done but
barely it's bad it's a bad Joe I just
know the name I've never listened
either of them apparently the over the
over the weekend I saw a lot of family
who I don't want to see very often or
converse with very often and so a lot of
the weekend was trying to explain to
them what I do with my time well that's
always the best it's really hard but
thanks to movie podcasts it's a little
easier because everyone kept on
mentioning and I have yet to listen to
one but how did this get made oh yeah
yeah and I really like Paul Scheer as a
comedian and I just haven't listened to
it as you know I do stuff it's it can be
entertaining depending on the movie
they're talking about sometimes their
their confusion or frustration about the
movies comes across a little phony
meanwhile sure that's it okay I'm gonna
take a moment here and say unpowered
raindrop thank you for subscribing we
super appreciate that um but yeah that's
what everyone a lot of people were
saying oh like this and I was like sure
sure yeah so they oh that's interesting
that they would know what that is I'm
casting great and they realized that
that particular one was that big yeah
maybe it's just my family is gonna say
yeah if I tried to send that to my
family they just look at me funny listen
I got that a couple times mostly from
Jake's new wife side of the family who
are all farmers their ranch hands and
you know they understand what it is to
make a movie and whatnot but but then
you know Internet videos are let's just
say not as prestigious so
that's fine um Jay have you seen the
brave directed by Johnny Depp
no I've also never heard of it I don't
think I've even heard of it brave
directed by Johnny Depp
no this is more recent movie I honestly
don't think I've never heard of the
brave I've never heard of this so sorry
yeah I don't know what that is a lot of
movies get made it's true and a lot of
those movies are oh my god Josh Vince
said he subscribed the half an hour ago
and we didn't thank Jesus Christ
we apologize does gross oversight yes it
happens every once in a while
Josh thank you for subscribing we really
do appreciate it even though we didn't
say thank you right when you subscribed
did you see these chickens dancin that's
just for you Donna Josh means chicken
dance for subscribing
but what dick the birthday boy that is
not true we thanked you when you
subscribed you've been a subscriber for
a long time
week thank you know now everyone's
saying when they subscribed you gotta
take your time and do them all all of
them Jack all of our subscribers you
have no idea how thankful we are we
really really do appreciate it
so much so that we gave you a pizza roll
or whatever you never thanked me for not
subscribing thank you
who said that it's for you mr. idiot man
yeah Thank You mr. idiot man for not
subscribing we will play dr. Mario with
Mike one of these days that is a real
thing that will happen oh sure for
anyone asking about that whoa whoa rich
that was a close one
Oh someone is asking when the next
Plinkett review is I guess there's been a
test like the way it's it's gonna be the
day after tomorrow it'll be Friday yeah
okay guys and and ironically enough the
movie being reviewed is the day after
tomorrow yes yes sometimes Jay Bauman is
so quick this is why I make the big
bucks
those Plinkett exists in the Pre Rec
universe yes sure why not
we don't have the universe does now
Pre Rec invested the worst exist in the
same universe cuz it's just us just
people's yeah no characters yeah we
Pre Rec has no fictional universe right
so so then I'm sure there is mister this
this isn't like game station which took
place in the aliens universe right
aliens like the movie aliens okay sure
why not are you spoiling to them that
we're shooting this next one on the game
station set that was actually never
thrown out cuz we wouldn't want to spoil
that that's gonna be surprised right
doing complicated dodging forming overs
heist by the way one of the cheapest
moves ever is that you can't get hurt
while holding someone it's an ability
frames it's fine it's it's it's a bit
cheap because I will do that I will just
grab a hold of someone and and hold on
for longer than I normally would just to
make sure I don't get hit by shit
when you're exploiting it hey guys there
why wouldn't you yeah all right so far
so good so far so good
yeah your your rocket how long did this
game take to beat six hours we might not
do it tonight okay I mean yeah make six
hours probably not doing it tonight
well we will fucking we stayed up far
too late on Sunday oh yeah man Jay we
had a great family that's good we
started playing pictionary we started
playing mspaint pictionary oh great
right think of a movie title and then
crapoly draw it in mspaint
Chet was fucking uncanny they were they
got it so quick oh yeah you wouldn't
believe how pretending George she I got
I got big trouble a little shy no object
through two boxes one said the other
okay huh we will do another overtired
drunk pictionary just because that was
super fun fuck you and rich and I have
been given a ton of gifts on Steam and
so maybe oh this is a great and I don't
know about you but I've gotten doubles
I've gotten a bunch of games don't just
just a few and so maybe next time we do
over tired drunk and let's paint
pictionary remember wins gets oh that's
great idea give away we'll give away
some of our duplicate games what sounds
like a wonderful idea
yes because I I have and I mean I was
loopy shit but I remember laughing I
remember laughing so loud I thought I
woke myself it was it was terribly fun
and of course it was 1:00 in the morning
yeah been traveling all day but it was
awesome we were slap-happy I was a
little slap happy that's the best and
then I decided it would be a really good
idea to have a couple glasses of wine
because then it's like oh then as soon
as I'm done I'm going right to bed
shit that's how that works plug this
dream group prereq has a stream group
guys what does that mean it means if you
have a steam account which is free to
get you can join the steam group rich
and I rich are you on again I think so
rich and I are on the stream group it's
it's a previously reported stream group
and we're gonna do written game reviews
we can upload our game reviews to it we
can chat with other members on the group
is super great fun time there is also a
red letter media message board stream
group so you should join the message
board and be part of that group too will
be I'll part all the group's it's super
fun rich don't turn into a chicken oh
the double jump yet okay sorry I'm
concentrate do it who's admin I don't
know the guy who made the guy who made
the prereq extreme group is admin Omni I
want to say his name is and I'm an admin
and if rich Joe and he'd be an admin and
I think octo J is an admonition coop -
Wow is he saying stream did I say screw
you keep saying stream do you mean steam
I do mean Steve okay I'm drunk which is
not true it's always true there is a
previously recorded its steam group that
you should all join it's created without
our knowledge or consent it was by the
way which I didn't know how to feel
about until I realized that I would have
to do less work under media tumblr no we
have nothing to do with it but they're
always updating it so thanks so thank
you on me for creating that and make
me and admin so an dr. J is my great and
thank you octo J Thank You lacto James
general you make my life easier oh my
god do you have to be a chicken for that
no no I'm just a chicken oh it's great
Oh Lord right that's a platforming
puzzle so the easier stuff right super
fun
oh speaking of platforming puzzles
something I wanted to plug it's nothing
of my own but but it's something that
I'm a little excited about and Tommy ray
we finds however you say his name the
guy who did all the programming for
Super Meat Boy is holding a three-day
charity stream tomorrow and the two days
after tomorrow to raise money for his
mother or something in which he's going
to just walk across games that have
giant Maps and for anyone who's played
Super Meat Boy knows that it's one of
the greatest games ever made
it's he the the like skinnier guy of the
two that was on the UH oh yeah okay if
you saw indie game the movie he's a
skinny bald guy with glasses so of
course I have an affinity for him so
he's doing a charity stream to raise
money and you should all support that
because he made a fuckin awesome game
and that's it
that's my plug someone uh mister idiot
man didn't subscribe Joanna didn't
subscribe says Jack what do you think of
Ren & Stimpy look at the fuck do you
think who doesn't love writing therapy I
don't really crude for sake of being
crude No
that show had great comedic timing I
don't have to rewatch this okay it's
been done again yeah I haven't watched
it since I was a kid but when I was a
kid I thought it was the greatest I
loved being at the style John Kricfalusi
is a really great artist at the time I
remember my thought being it's no
simpsons oh this is so different
yeah I know that's dumb rich no well
fuck you
the point is that it's no don't recall
asking what you thought oh damn I was
really taken by just the style of it the
the images and jungkook Lucy that guy
he's still those drawings and animation
in the stuffings I'm really like his art
style yeah he did a Bjork video I don't
know if you ever saw that we talked
about it on the stream once go did it I
am remember that's okay we've talked
about so many things it's true so many
things yeah I just I remember that was
my first foray I don't know if this was
his thing oh oh ain't no my god be the
like the close-up in the over details
yeah yeah like weird veins and snot and
all the like the creases of the skin you
would see in a real you need everyone
like so grotesque oh this great powdered
toast man have your toast man right and
then he got kicked off of his own show
after the first season really yeah and
even as a kid I noticed something was
different because that's when I stopped
liking it and then when I was at that
age I didn't open I didn't know about
the behind-the-scenes stuff I was like
this isn't as funny like something feels
off
yeah and I found out years later is cuz
he was kicked off of his own journal why
was he kicked off um I think it had
something to do with just creative
differences like the type of stuff you
wanted to do on the show and Nickelodeon
tell
we couldn't I think it was something
like that it couldn't be wrong I could
absolutely see that happen but yeah he
was only on the show I think from the
first season maybe one and a half
seasons yeah residence is great and I
can't think the only people I could see
not liking it are people who haven't
seen and apparently rich in a long time
so I'm gonna hug that pass I got oh my
god rich that's fine it is fine you did
that a 95 hit combo I've gotten 250
before I congratulations
oshino I got I got 400 other challenge
rooms Oh someone on the topic of
animation someone's talking about
invaders in did you ever watch invader
zim not a single time okay
I'm a big fan of I'm gonna mess up his
name Honan of Vasquez ja jounin Honan I
don't know how you pronounce it he did a
comic book called Johnny the homicidal
maniac
okay did you ever read that no oh my god
I will lend it to you I have the Train
okay super super fun alts comic about
the main character being a homicidal
maniac okay
turned and then made a show for
Nickelodeon the invader centre invaders
in uh and I remember being okay with it
but it's no Johnny the homicidal maniac
it you know it was Johnny the homicidal
maniac on Nickelodeon so yeah I could
see for a lot of people like if that was
your first full foray into
like his kind of combi salad being super
into it but it was just because I want
the other thing first you know what I
saw the other thing first but I'm okay
with it in general I think I was all the
jokes are fine is he making he's making
a squee movie do this here is that true
squeak squeak what's that mean he was a
character he was a character in invaders
him Oh
in any case if you can go to your local
comic book store and or online purveyor
of comics and find yourself a copy of
jabbing a homicidal maniac highly
recommend that and invader zim is fine
fine really
what are we really
have you ever seen any like gun alright
what squee was a character in Johnny the
homicidal maniac is that true I get it
all mixed up did you ever see invader
zim no did you ever read Johnny the
homicidal mania No all right there we go
there's Jays input on the conversation
ever I apologize if you wanted more I
have not played the last of us because I
like games that are games and knob games
that are stories what I have been told
that game has a lot more story than game
so I'm not very interested in buying it
it's fair yeah I'm sure it's fine and I
know obviously if we received a ton of
awards and I'm kind of there the game
aspects of that didn't look very
interesting well shooting in this making
and things we see everywhere else yeah
that's fired yeah what oh nice too much
my last of us I just you know I'm not
I'm not interested in the game like
there are certain games that I like and
you know you know how like I like
stories and games and I'm not interested
in a man right so I know it's bland yeah
yeah yeah it's almost as if I have a
certain taste and I can I can tell all
right I have like a sense of what a
thing will be based on the gameplay
footage and trailers I make a decision
on whether or not I want to you know
it's all play how about the Uncharted
games did you play any of the Uncharted
games no horribly boring that's that's
how they look
yes dole delish looking third-person
shooting yeah but some platforming that
rips off to rhythm yeah you got it even
like calling it platforming is being
generous and you know what I also hate
Jackson Dexter Naughty Dog's other
famous thing yeah the Uncharted games
are the I'm trying to think of of a nap
movie metaphor see jak and daxter were
kind of bland platforming games my chart
it is like not they're not Jason Bourne
movies but they're the movies like
Uncharted it would be the movie
equivalent of movies that rip off the
Jason Bourne movies were they're fine
action movies but they mean nothing and
they do nothing I played the first
Uncharted a little bit of the second
Uncharted and for a while there was a
Vita Uncharted that was free if you had
a place
Plus account and so I played a little
bit of that and I was horribly bored
when I played all of them no challenge
whatsoever
yeah just it upsets me that I can't
think of a good enough movie or metaphor
right now is my is the thing that's
bothering me more about not liking those
games what's a movie looks like an
action movie ooh The Expendables those
movies are right they give you exactly
what they advertised yet they're still
disappointing I don't think they do give
you what they advertise though at least
actually one because the person was like
throwback to 80s action movies shows top
dudes and then there's like CGI blood
splatters everywhere and it sucks
what's a generic action movie Oh
commando no no like it has a non
moderate commandos amazing a modern-day
just generic action movie by the numbers
I don't see those movies so exactly
that's really hard for me to think of an
apt metaphor for why I dislike the
Uncharted
Fast and the Furious sure sure fastened
Fury's gone in 60 seconds
movies like that
fuck you you fucking something
picture-taking movies with Liam Neeson
who's that what I work really I hope so
yeah I'm I have not I've also not seen
anything but I'm sure Hansel and Gretel
right November man absolutely white
house down
thank you ah that's a good one that's a
good one where you know exactly what
you're gaining but yeah I bet you're
still disappointed when you watch it
good national treasure well listen
anything with Nic Cage is cool because
it's Nic Cage in so in any case the
Uncharted sure I mean obviously they're
big franchises I'm sure people buy them
or else they wouldn't keep making them
so what I say has no meaning
jacker J opinion on precious movie I
didn't see it I didn't see it what is it
precious what is it it's a movie about I
said this isn't like the girls like it
was like an abusive Mulder I don't
really know much about what it's even
about it's about an inner-city girl with
an abusive mother mother finding her own
way in life all I remember is do you
know the comedy music band called
Garfunkel and Hovis oh yeah I know of
the comedy music van called Guare what
they're not a comedy act
they're silly they're satiric yeah
Garfunkel and Oates had a a funny song
about precious called runnin with
chicken
oh right part of the movie yeah this is
seen him precious in which she steals a
chicken yeah that's that's all I know
about precious I think I saw a clip of
that scene where she's in the place the
chicken plays yeah this is vague
memories from when the movie first came
out I remember the scene a clip from
that scene and the editing when like the
continuity was like atrocious yeah and
that's all I remember
I'd have to rewatch it but I just
remember thinking like this is
horrible-looking but I have nothing on
either a scene it would you have seen it
that's our precious I can tell you about
guar I fucking loved waar I don't know
much about lard I mean anything you
think you know about water is true yeah
I mean I know they they wear the
costumes and but I don't think I've ever
listened to the music no you don't
listen to glory you go you goes down in
the show sure I shot her for the for a
local music establishment I I was one of
the camera operators for a Halloween
Horror Show oh really
and it was awesome I got only got hired
because I had my own camera with AV outs
and they scammed me out of some money
oh so like so I can talk about them
because they were assholes that the the
rave Eagles Club guar guar has Halloween
shows at the rave Eagles Club and here's
it was it was a great lesson as a
freelancer a hard lesson to learn but if
you are a freelance worker and someone
tries to pay you less than the amount
that you state be in promise of future
work it's never true yeah it's never
ever true you'll never get future work
from them and that's what the rain
bugles loved it yes at least usako are
exactly I saw a guar and had a really
fun time being a camera operator for
their live show which is great they
shoot fake blood and nauman there was a
giant penis that I think was cut off at
one point yeah I have some friends I
went to a bar show a few years ago and
they were close enough when they got
covered in blood yeah and then as they
were driving home they got pulled over
yeah like unrelated they got pulled over
cops like a wookie did like wow thanks
nice
apparently I don't know if this is true
but apparently one of our subscribers
hello Draco was a former tour manager
for guar what what that true oh yeah no
no Oh guys it it was not guar guar did
not stiff me no that's the venue that is
the venue that is not guar the venue is
responsible for paying cameramen it was
for the rave eagles club had some sort
of like live pay-per-view event and so I
was just one of the camera operators no
disrespect meant to guar all disrespect
meant too many rave and Eagles Club of
Milwaukee Wisconsin who says shitty
acoustics - yeah that place is shit that
place is shit and everything is shit
guar wouldn't stiff you they would make
you step
all right made it through there no jack
is not dissing guar I know you're being
funny I think that I don't want to dis
choir cuz those fuckers will kill you
then the lead singer died like this
year's the last year he's supposed to
India yes they said yes it is rest in
peace everybody died this year
everybody's everybody's dying everybody
dies
hey y'all everybody dies
blood groups everybody dies everybody
poops and if you're not doing one you're
doing the other and if you're not doing
one watch out
did you stop whooping people go see a
doctor get that Obamacare yes you get
there or eat some spinach tie a tie in
fiber also in protein
I like spinach I like spinach - I like
Spanish - I have Spanish every day with
my eggs it's great make a little spinach
egg bean
scramble get some salsa verde in there
shit dog oh man it sounds good it's
really it's great little salsa made it
you know what I've been doing lately
little sriracha
just make that she had extra spice now
of course
this game is so fantastic by the way
just watching you play it brings back
happy memories of me playing the
blending of the light in the dark world
for platforming puzzles just beautiful
yes beautiful poop again hey Decco like
spinach hates Cave Story I don't hate
kids story we've had this conversation I
thought it was okay that means you hate
it see I know you people with your
extremes there's such a big cult new
ones
well camellias so he says guac merely
has no consequences for death but he
didn't like dark souls there's there's
two extremes going on here man and we
can find a middle ground we can do it
it's true opinions can have nuances and
caveats --n what do you call it when
something about personal experience a
new experience anecdotal evidence
anecdotes in Kies cave story is fine I
know Cave Story was supposed to be a big
deal but I played it too late Cave Story
was apparently an early indie title that
helped pave the way for modern indie
titles being so awesome and I played it
later after I had already played the
other indie titles that came after it so
I thought it was just alright that's the
story it's true subjectivity
subjectivity is fine I was thinking of
you know like when you when you have to
like make a case like like when you are
say stating a scientific theory you need
objective evidence yes but when so then
there's a thing called anecdotal
evidence where you say well my grandpa
hey two tablespoons of salt every day
and he lived to be a hundred so two
tablespoons of salt must be good for
everyone
that's anecdotal evidence it's not real
it works well when you're working with
opinions and shit also getting a little
crazy oh my god that's a great name
citizen Kanye West K West just
subscribed thank you for one the awesome
name and two for subscribing we really
appreciate it
why is everyone so butthurt asks totally
not Bruce Wayne was so butthurt about
things in general why do people get
defensive about these things I don't
know if if we knew the answer to that we
would be a lot better off than we are
now
Jay: Um, do people still get butthurt? Is that still an expression that people use, butthurt?
Jack: Totally_not_Bruce_Wayne just said it.
Jay: Okay.
Jack: Here, here's my real talk on that, which is, uh, the things that we like or dislike help describe who we are as people.
Jay: Yes.
Jack: They are the flags that we wave. And so when you choose to wave a flag, and someone says, they dislike that flag, it, uh, it affects us as people. Because it affects the way we view ourselves, how other people view us. Which is, uh, getting deep, and boring.
Jay: So are you saying the more, like, the people that complain, not complain, but get upset at the idea of you liking something they don't, they are less, they're more insecure?
Jack: Um, possibly.
Jay: I would say that.
Jack: Possibly. I think, I think that would be a fair analysis of the situation.
Jay: Okay.
Jack: Is they use these external things to define pieces of themselves.
Jay: Mmm.
Jack: And so then, when, when you don't like the thing that they like, it means that the thing that they use to define themselves is not liked. Therefore you don't like them.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: Like Star Wars fans.
Jay: Yeah, prequel fans.
Rich: Uh-huh.
Jack: Right. So, yeah. Maybe insecurities. I think that's a good way to put it, Jay.
Jay: Okay.
mark up absolutely I will write a
long-form essay on butthurt oh you want
to talk about Telugu itch let's what if
I can talk about teleplays I took some
of my some of the time off in which I
was not working the past couple days to
play a game that I've really been
wanting to play telltale a glitch and
it's super badass much much like binding
of issac it's a twin stick shooter
roguelike so you only get one life to
make it through the whole thing
randomized levels but it's set in this
very depressing world in which you're on
an alien planet in there are zombies but
the are the alien zombies maybe there
are aliens I don't know I haven't gotten
a full story which would suck anyway
because I hate story all stories in all
games but the the execution of this game
is very strange and it's very what were
you talking about the other day with a
movie that made you feel sick in a good
way
uh enemy here probably enemy yeah it's
it's a game that did that to me the
execution of the layout of the levels
they have this sort of fog of war thing
where you can't see certain things okay
and admit sometimes it makes me feel
really ill and I think it's purposeful
hmm it's very bleak and very wonderful
tells you yeah I've been really enjoying
it
and they have like a crafting system
where you know you collect all these
items but you only have so many slots
and you can craft stuff and it's very
nice
oh very nice I'm getting a little I'm
getting a little wound up I feel like
I'm yelling no no you're not yelling
okay would you want to play the game no
no no you're doing it you're on a great
run a great no death run I say you I
mean you gotta keep it go
no no death ish well I'm still not sure
how to count those but this right we
that was our rule from the get-go I know
and and your logic behind that being
that there is no skull and crossbones
there is no skull and crossbones I am
gonna allow gonna allow it
oh that's an interesting question no I
have exam 120 I will I will put that out
to the group do you think that you would
be willing to like something that you
previously disliked and vice versa it's
happened before
yeah that happens sometimes I'm trying
to think of an example of it yeah yeah I
am too but I know what happened and I
don't think it's a matter willing to
like something that you didn't used to
like it's just you know you're coming at
it from a different perspective maybe or
your tastes have changed sure sure
oh god what would be an example of that
I know there's plenty of things that I
used to like that I would watch now I'm
not what yeah that thing you things you
like as a kid that's easier yeah
something that I didn't like that now I
do oh god no I mean like spinach yeah
yeah I'm gonna get a Moody's we're
talking food yeah I'm talking love
spinach and like that when I was I will
leave this shit out of some spinach of
broccoli I want to see Master of Orion I
think I took a look at that game as a
younger man and I thought promise little
worried okay she was boring and now I
played it and I'm like oh my fucking god
sure I can remember a story about liking
something and then figuring out that I
disliked it
what was the Tim Robbins goes to Mars
movie face of Mars mask of Mars there's
a movie called mission to Mars mission
Robbins in this yes it was Brian De
Palma directed that I never saw it
it's a terrible I remember hearing a bad
but for some reason when I saw that in
the theater I had convinced myself that
it was a good movie and I I cannot
explain why I thought this because
that's Brian De Palma I'm sure it looked
fine days later I go back and I want I
go to the theater again to watch it with
a different person
oh yeah because I was like this movie is
great I watched it again days later Wow
this could be the end and it was
terrible Jay
Wow never in my opinion changed that
quickly usually something it washes a
kid then they watch it as I sure it's
dogs but no this was this was very real
and I knew it right away and I ended
more so because I had recommended we go
see it because I had just enjoyed it
someone huh and then almost immediately
I realized that was wrong interesting
and that was way before I did drawing so
nice one rich nice one is mission to
Mars better than ghosts of Mars see here
okay so now something that a piece of
art or something that we did not like
when I was little when I was younger I
didn't like Nirvana
when Nirvana came out I was like how old
are you in sixth grade I was that age
okay and I didn't like him because at
that age I was into like Weird Al and I
think this musics like screaming and
depressing
mm-hmm and then when I got into like
high school I started laying around I'm
still love it that is inner bottom okay
fair enough
but that that's one that I can think of
where my opinion change okay
but they still going along with yeah
with age which I guess is probably gonna
be the case with anything we come up
with that's what I'm trying to think of
something that there was less of an age
gap yeah yeah I'm sure there's something
but I cannot think of it yeah is there
anything along the same lines was there
anything that maybe won you over midway
through like a movie that maybe started
off a little bad but it ended
brilliantly um you know where you went
in with super low expectations and then
the movie gradually won you over
probably is I can't think of anything
yeah yeah I think it's a you're asking a
good question question we're just bad at
remembering anything it's too good of a
question yeah because it's in there
somewhere I mean I can I can tell you as
a gamer as a younger gamer there is no
way I would have the patience or MTL
because I like games like this you know
I like fighting and the super poo-poos
and so the fact that I have so many
hours into FTL is it is definitely
changed I can now appreciate this the
slower burn of some games I'm still not
a hundred percent like Richards but
rocking this guy really hard fucking his
shit I can tell you for the longest time
I did not play first-person shooters
because I got terribly motion sick
that was before I got a computer so PC
master-race
all the way as soon as I got a computer
and played first person shooters
correctly it was still with the
controller people I stopped hearing
motion say you're playing with a
controller Jack you're not playing
correctly you shut the fuck up good
oh you know an example and I mentioned
earlier in the stream the master the
Paul Thomas Anderson movie oh it's not
that I dislike that the first time I saw
it I just knew something about it wasn't
clicking with me mm-hmm and then I
rewatched it again there's like this
great Oh
Joaquin Phoenix is jerking off into the
ocean this is great his character in
that movie is just fantastic yeah yeah
okay but it was a hard movie to get into
there you go so there there's an example
that's a fine example the fine example I
feel like that might be the case if I
ever rewatching only God forgives to
breath I have a feeling I would like it
more on a repeat viewing sure I did the
first time I saw it and that's another
one I didn't dislike it but again I felt
like I was missing something
yeah and I felt like that like mid
movies where it's like you know you
watch you watch something like like
there will be Blondin which you know has
a very deliberate pace about it but if
you're not on the same wavelength yeah
you won't get it until via you know like
when it all comes together into a
brilliant sort of slow burn but I
remember not necessarily being in the
mood to watch there will be blood okay
and it won me over as I watched it yeah
it it slowed me down okay yeah yeah it's
there some movies like that where you
have to be in the right frame of mind to
start watching it yeah is that movie
does start off pretty slow I think it's
great but oh of course of course it's
great but you know you know this game is
beautiful no game is beautiful I can
tell you something that I was really
excited to watch it was horribly
disappointed by there's been plenty of
those no I think recently which was they
came together oh yeah you didn't like it
I really didn't I thought it was
hilarious fucking love everyone involved
with everything and I was horribly
disappointed
but perhaps out a rewatch I would find
it more entertaining it's possible
because I fucking love everyone involved
with that word all the time I'd love for
everyone involved with that movies
unwavering but I thought the movie was
really bad so maybe that needs a rear
watch did you watch the the last couple
of David Wain directed movies before
that though I saw these role models and
wanderlust oh no I haven't seen either
of those okay
see those are is more mainstream like II
didn't role models I guess this kind of
a director for higher yeah
and it's it's a very mainstream kind of
typical comedy yeah it's not bad it's
well done for what it is but it's not
like a wet hot American summer or the
state it's not like humor yeah and same
with water losses um so when I saw they
came together I was like oh the return
to what he was doing this is great
oh sure and I never left what he was
doing okay yeah perspective yeah so what
you're saying is are unique the unique
ways in which we live our lives and see
the things we see reflected on how we
perceive works of art no it means your
stupid pants yeah I think the 10 was the
last one I saw it okay like did he and
he did the Baxter - alright Michael
Showalter David Wain is in it but he
didn't want your director I really like
the Baxter I think you you didn't like
it that much right I didn't I got the
joke Peter Dinklage is in that movie I
needs greatness stupid pants new
emoticon absolutely
you guys like David Fincher movies yes
yes
hey David Fincher is a quality filmmaker
even Wiis working with not the best
material oh I may have more to say about
him in an upcoming episode of one of our
programs whoa yeah no I love David
venture yeah I agree
the only movie of his because I there's
been multiple movies of Israel say that
the the craftsmanship outweighs the
maybe less than stellar script her story
yeah the only movie that I couldn't get
past that with was the Curious Case of
Benjamin Button that's the one where I
felt like he was his style was at such
odds with the scripts and what the tone
of the movie should have been or what
was probably thought to be when it was
written where that's the only one I
visit I just don't like I you know what
I don't even think about that as one of
his movies yeah see because it's so
different yeah but you need that's the
type of movie and I generally don't like
schmaltzy feel-good type movies but that
script was written with that kind of
tone in mind you can tell absolutely how
your David Fincher it was like the
cynical asshole to make it such odds I
didn't get it and it's just the scene
for scene remake of Forrest Gump but as
far as the script goes it seems acts a
movie the Jennie character you got the
Lieutenant Dan character it's the same
thing it kind of is you kind of and I
believe it's the same writer too I would
absolutely believe it I'm pretty sure it
is absolutely
I think we've discussed this on the
stream before about my dislike of the
girl with the dragon sent to okay so
yeah like that all everything about that
movie except for the filmmaking yeah if
that makes sense
oh sure that's that's kind of how I felt
when I first saw it I rewatched it
though like last year and I actually
liked it a lot more
as a story the second time through oh
there's another example then there you
go what I was so I thought the story was
so dull yeah it was a simple have you
seen a second time I have not seen it a
second thought okay this is the problem
it's just so dull it was a simple lie it
was an episode of CSI
I appreciated the details of it the
second time that I didn't exactly pick
up on Major's time I thought I thought
his filmmaking was uncanny oh yeah it's
great everything every single frame is
beautiful yeah but I just thought it was
really boring and I did not much care
for the character arts
and that design of it what else has he
done favorite Fight Club like seven

[Part IV]
that fire but it's very good whoa social
network you did that well you know I
have a seat astok oh you haven't I have
not I'm a man I'm not being sarcastic I
think Fight Club is my favorite okay I
like it a lot I think it's a good movie
but I don't think I could say it's a
favor done even my favorite David
Fincher movie that's zodiac oh I love
zodiac you know what Fight Club Fight
Club is one of the few movies that might
be better than the book yeah I read the
book I read the book too
yeah yeah I liked the movie more I enjoy
the movie more than I enjoy the book he
cut out a lot of fat that was in the
book yeah and and he did it right yeah
he cut off the whole ending there was a
whole other part of the story after the
after the end of the movie yeah but he
cut out a whole bunch of Tyler Durden
stuff that was super unnecessarily movie
ya know if I clubs if I codes good I I
know I social network is on my short
list
it's things I wouldn't really need to
see
did he do American Psycho now oh no book
to film oh okay
book to film is Alice that was a book
American Psycho is a book I've always
meant to read now and I just never got
around to it it's a hard read that's why
I wanted to read it
it is a hard fucking read I end and so
in any the question of American Psycho
book versus movie the book is a hard
read because of the meticulous nature of
the main character and the descriptions
of the things I'm doing yes
yeah which adds to the site bonus in a
way that the film cannot okay you know
it gets as well he's likable in an odd
way in the movie yeah so American Psycho
book of better by a hair okay oh you say
the book is better in the movie by hair
okay
even though the book is a fucking hard
read Jesus Christ I can't say how many
times I put that goddamn book down I
think I only finished it out of spite to
the book it will finish you goddamn boy
I remember seen that movie in the
theater because me as a couple of
friends but my friend Nick there's the
parkways chasing the woman through the
hallway wearing nothing but sneakers
jackets on so yeah and there's the part
when he drops the chainsaw down the the
hallway and it lands on her and he just
goes he's looking over the railing and
he just goes like ah yes that's it like
that my friend Nick was laughing so hard
and everyone's like turning and looking
at on a slave that's so great
I don't know what it was about that
particular moment he could know it stop
laughing that's the way I think it's
just like the absurdity of it no way he
just goes ah yeah I can see that yeah
I can see that and don't take stream
don't take this as a negative to the
mood you're saying the movie sucks of
course yeah that's a good movie I
haven't seen it in a really long time I
should re-watch that green but you know
like an example I think we've talked
about this before I've definitely talked
about it with fucking Jessie is
Fletch oh yeah fuck I fucking hate the
Fletch movie more than more than I've
hated anything in my life because the
book is so fucking good movies good fuck
the movie the book is so great and I
haven't seen it in a while and I really
want to see it re watch it just as a
movie yes that crazy movie it's very
good it's one of the few really good
Chevy Chase vehicles that could be the
movie I changed my mind about but I also
just recently reread the book oh and
it's so fucking good you need that
separation
now you can't watch the movie he wants
to move you for another ten years
my book is out of your mind Oh watch if
you like detective stories which I
really do much is so fucking good there
you going for gold and everyone yeah
nice
books to me I and how I'm on books the
movie that was something that I was
thinking about recently the the series
of books I just got done reading to with
starting with wool yeah has been
optioned for a movie for a long and it's
a long book and thinking about them
turning that into a movie it could be
really good it would actually I think
make a better series it was make a
better TV series just because of its
length Tom yeah but I would hate oh I
can't dodge it I would hate for them to
make that into a movie the more I
thought about it yeah it's cuz you know
you get you get into characters heads
and focus in a way that you can't yes in
films
oh I haven't rich have you read any the
dark tower stuff no I heard it was good
Stephen King yeah I started reading the
first one oh my god this much it was
many years ago I don't remember some
woman started having her period and that
was important for some reason because
it's a Stephen King book and he
describes it as more detail that he
beats that's great yeah I've never been
a big fan of the Stephen King books I've
read yeah but I like some of the movies
based on his books silver there's been a
lot of shitty Stephen King movies though
yeah all the things you say are correct
it I love the mist it's so good this is
so good but then you get thinner dinner
yeah thinner sucks that was what the bad
robot oh my god is losing weight
Oh terrible yeah the main kind thinner
is played by the guy that was Robocop in
Robocop 3 oh yeah oh really
yeah fuck him
Oh Stephen King Batman is a premise
machine yes gotta love him for that you
could you know maybe you don't gotta
love him maybe you've got a respect him
the man's got ideas man's guide Diaz and
he will write those ideas down don't
think he won't then never second-guess
him almost empty oh you're not getting
silver net I'm good silver I'm not gonna
go Oh what do you have to do good go 120
I got a hundred fifteen oh you need a
hit Street yeah oh there you go you see
someone wrote shot shank was okay but
the sequel the Shawshank Redemption was
really good I've actually never seen
that movie really that's the one
everybody oh my that's why when I say
haven't seen that is also my favorite
movie of all time okay
yeah everybody says it's great when I
say I haven't seen it they freak out so
you know I have to I just haven't done
it yet it's surprising only because I
know the volume of movies that you watch
yeah yeah I guess I don't know what fuck
those red guys did you lose it already
uh I'm not gonna have time to get out
220 is that enough
someone's making fun of you rich for
saying that Fight Club is his favorite
moving but The Dark Tower series is a
bunch of crap why why oh he called you a
mouth breather I call him an asshole
also his user name is Steven Seagal 12
so I mean that maybe not the best yeah
I've never understood that comes up
sometimes two people would say like will
you like this but you didn't like this
that's like they're two separate things
yeah I liked one for these reasons I
didn't like the other one for these
reasons new ones yeah
grey areas weird thing that's how
opinions work it's true really true it's
how opinions work
you mean you like the movie but didn't
like a book yeah what my cousin was
really this is still really into Stephen
King out of the dark side cut Dark Tower
series all the time which is the only
reason why I mentioned some people say
it was good but he's also really into
Stephen King and I've never cared for it
I started reading a lot of Stephen King
books because I loved his premises and
then I read the book and I'm like oh
this is terrible yeah have some
absolutely but and I think that's why I
like some of the movies based on his
books more than the books because the
premise is good but he always gets so
like off track or talks about weird
things he also thought he could write a
superior version as a movie version of
the shiney to Stanley Kubrick's he did
what he did he didn't like Stanley
Kubrick's version of The Shining so he
wrote the made-for-tv version of him
starting the guy from wings yep and it's
terrible of course it would be not just
because it was a made-for-tv thing and
had a lower budget it was do you have to
get golden every year if I want to get
the over but I want to get all the orbs
okay I didn't I didn't know you were
doing an orb thing I don't sell it for
shit endings rich Evans
settle for shit ends oh my god come on
so do you remember the last time you
asked how long he'd been playing the
game yeah I was like an hour yeah she
liked to me that seems like five minutes
ago now this feels like a couple hours
ago that was two hours ago yeah yeah
that's about right
that's insane to me okay so no TV and no
beer make home or something that's
that's great County right there Oh crazy
don't find new thoughts on Lebowski the
movie okay The Big Lebowski I can only
find the Big Lebowski with the exist on
the theater nobody else did it was like
a huge flop and it became kind of a
wasn't a cult movie yeah I didn't do
very well I don't know if I was a flop
but it didn't do very well but it wasn't
so later that it kind of developed a
following
I thought it was hilarious the first
time I saw
yes but with exactly two exceptions
every Coen Brothers movie is great
Ladykillers yep
what's the other one oh it's the
romantic comedy Oh with orange meanie um
do we remember what it's even called
fuck what is that movie called I just
watched it for the first time like a
year ago yeah
stop it intolerable cruelty nice one
nice I remember I avoided it for the
longest time and then someone convinced
me that it was actually pretty good yeah
so I watched it and it was okay
this is okay I honestly don't remember
much about it it was like in one ear out
the other
yeah Ladykillers has more memorable
things about it than that one and it's
not good Tom Hanks I would say
Ladykillers is worth seeing just for Tom
Paine Tom Hanks acting his ass off but
then you have like Damon Wayans isn't it
and he's doing his Damon Wayans dick and
I said why is this in the same movie
meat is very weird right that was when I
started to get worried about the Coen
Brothers is like is this where they're
going banana an intolerable cruelty but
then they bounced back they bounce back
hard yes cuz I wasn't after that was no
country yeah right after that shit they
bounce back hard okay
the mr. Andrew Hawking's my favorite
Coen Brothers movie is bargain Bank
oh that's a good one abso-fucking-lutely
barton fink is beautiful
well that movie and if any of you our
fan of the Coen Brothers and have not
seen Clark are missing out Jon to
motherfucking Turo what am i one of my
favorite movies about writer's block
Yeah right that movie and
patien well in just about like the
nature of the industry yeah the whole
thing I want you to write a simple movie
and then he goes out of his way to yo oh
my god and it has elements that reminded
me of a racer head which I thought was
cool it's like the Coen brothers and
David Lynch combined yeah John Goodman's
real avoid 9 million Goodman's brilliant
oh wait I barely got it you just got it
nice yeah Oh Martin thanks grant yeah
cuz usually that's the the divide is
Barton Fink or Miller's Crossing which
is your favorite
I like Miller's Crossing I think that's
a really good movie I don't think I like
it as much as a lot of people do yeah
you know who like who likes Miller's
Crossing Miller Miller's Crossing is
older people oh yeah they love it okay
cuz it's a gangster movie I guess it's a
fine movie and it's never been one of my
favorite Coen Brothers movies might be a
little too dry or my taste sure no uh-uh
yeah I could be within that oh you know
what I actually I did not see their
version of True Grit
it sounds good that's solid okay I
haven't seen the original either I
haven't seen the original bit there
their version is good okay as you can
say with most movie starring him it's
well worth of just version I'm pretty
sure
ice rage you're killing it
Oh No and I laugh I know it was one of
their their larger hits commercially or
whatever but I love Fargo when people
when people ask me like like the ICAT
what a perfect movie I say Fargo on a
technical level on a storytelling level
everything about that movie is there's
nothing there's no wrong note in that
film I'm gonna go ahead and agree with
it's not my favorite movie of all time
but I think it's a perfect movie I
believe that you are correct
Fargo is great I can watch that movie
anytime absolutely those Coen brothers
they're so they're so good at making
movies they've really fucking are and
then just like what what happens
Ladykillers yeah I really wonder like
that bad and intolerable cruelty what
happened guys those are right in a row
yeah maybe something was happening like
in their life I could be I don't know
and they just they just didn't have time
but they knew they needed to put out
some chances I guess but on some shit
maybe was a conscious effort to put out
two pieces of shit well then they
weren't larger movies those four likes
to do movies and they don't studio
movies before but those were some other
I think higher end ones like oh brother
was a studio movie chair where the big
budget and like some schmaltz to it and
they still fucking knock that on the
mark yeah yeah I don't know Evil Dead 2
is not a perfect movie here of glad it's
a great movie you know what it might be
for what it is I think it might be a
perfect movie hey now you've already
you've already made it not perfect by
saying for what it is no you have to
take that into consideration when you
talk about everybody I don't know oh my
god you're totally right but oh if
someone just mentioned yet another
brilliant Coen Brothers movie the
hudsucker proxy
I need to rewatch that I'm
a long time a second I heard here
tonight actually go oh yeah it's a good
one
fuck a great movie huh sucker
Roxy wished so just someone saying
Tarantino's Django was who I disagree
how about that
i i will tend to agree that I don't
think Tarantino has it in them to make a
bad movie putting that out there
yeah you might make a movie you don't
like yeah but he is a very talented
filmmaker that man is competent as shit
did you watch the whole thing cuz
usually with Tarantino movies I find
that I hate them up until the end and
then I'll his sequence in um what is it
cut four rooms yeah his sequence of four
rooms is one of the most infuriating
things known to man until the very end
to the very end and then and then the
entire thing is worth it in perfect
that's kind of like did you see his
grindhouse movie the deaf room I saw it
I didn't I see it with you oh did we
maybe we saw the double feature in the
theater yeah okay maybe but that's
another one where like it's very slow
its then but then you get to the end
you're like that made the whole thing
it's the first half of his movie is
insufferable it's people talking about
random bullshit yeah the second half is
an hour and a half long car chase
brilliant brilliant yeah that purpose is
great
but only the theatrical cut did you see
the DVD cap oh the extended cut yeah um
I think so it's really bad
yeah well that's already that doesn't
need to be very long
keep it short with that one yeah death
Proof was horrendous you probably saw
the extended cut watch the theatrical
cut if nothing else Kurt Russell was
great in it
even if you don't like the rest of the
movie here Russell's is really good that
part how can you not like that car chase
uh
I think more so than any other Tarantino
movie I can understand people not liking
it because it is tough to sit through
the first part of it like the dialogue
is because that's you know Tarantino is
known for his dialogue but even in that
way the dialogue is kind of boring yeah
yeah it is it's it's doesn't start off
great no no it's not it's worth it yeah
it becomes worth it with that car chase
and Kurt Russell and the very end always
get Russell always their puzzle never
not Kurt Russell that's that's our new
motto here a red letter media never not
go Russell
oh don't you're gonna start some shit
with that there's like Jackie Brown
bores me to death
J grounds my favorite movie of this time
Sammy's don't shit I I think it's great
it's not the only movie he's done that
felt like you is maturing as a filmmaker
because it's about older characters and
like Pam Grier is talking about having a
fat ass and Robert foresters talking
about getting hair plugs like their
older characters they're not doing the
the the quick woody dialogue sure so it
feels like a movie that's slowed down a
little bit in a good way all right but
then he just went and made his cool
movies everything's gotta be cool that
was that was the most grandpa thing ever
you say he's gotta make his cool movie
that is important I think we gotta be
cool everyone wears sunglasses listen to
hip-hop or whatever like that Jackie
Brown slowed things down and I like the
story of the night I think Pam Grier is
greatness um and they followed it up
with Kill Bill which is like oh you know
awesome all this shit is you know yeah
okay well the second half Kill Bill Vol
2 is the one that people say is the
boring one but that's what it's like oh
he's getting the characters more that's
interesting I like both upon my but they
were you know what they work well
together they work all together they do
that is true the first half is the the
action and the cool stuff in the second
half is the the soul yeah yeah the first
time the first movie you're like oh you
won't want to see her get her revenge
this is badass and then she gets her
revenge it's kind of depressing and the
second one yeah
yeah it's like revenge isn't pretty it's
not some cool badass thing I will I will
eventually see Django I have not yet
that's good you know what I'm waiting
for some of the hype today it's been
like two years yeah yeah and the fact
that they're bringing it up in Chad
means there's still enough time for me
to just say I'm gonna I'm gonna wait
okay cuz I need us out of nowhere right
what they brought it up out of no way
did we weren't even talk we were talking
about fucking coloured brothers unless
they're trying to make a joke let it
confuse the Coen Brothers of Tarantino
oh is that the thing that could happen
okay there's a logic in there somewhere
I'm sure I'm sure it's I every Tarantino
is a big enough dork where I'm sure to
let least be good that's why I want the
hype to die down cuz I want to watch it
fresh that's why I'm also waiting to see
Titanic just waiting for that have not
seen Titanic
have you actually not seems like I'm
actually not seen Titanic I that came
out when I was in high school in my like
anti Hollywood you know young Hollywood
phrase I avoided it and then I came out
on video the famous to tape yeah which I
think my sister bought or something you
can't copy in the house absence so I
finally watched it is alright I'm sure
that was all that's the last time I
watched it I have no interested in
rebuilding it it is okay what about
avatar that's Ron James Cameron um I
honestly don't remember much of Avatar I
remember not caring about anything that
was happening in it but this is
good-looking I couldn't care less about
anything it's you know each other I saw
one fine it's fine I saw it once I don't
much it's not a movie that left any
impression on me yeah perfectly
acceptable avatar is the movie that
convinced me that 3d will never work as
the only showing that was available for
us to see was a 3d showing yeah yeah yes
yeah under squinting half the time yep
tingle taking the glasses off and
squinting cuz it's so uncomfortable it
was a nd you know I have glasses so I
have to put on the glasses on my glasses
all makes I feel great for me that sucks
and then of course they do the swooshing
past all the characters and it's like
you're swooshing by cardboard figures
yeah
and it's it's it's 3ds so bad that James
Cameron of course is a cute proponent of
it so if anyone was going to really do
it well it was gonna be him yeah fuck
well that's a movie to vent like when it
came out he was a huge hit like that
movie made all the money all the money's
in the world all the money's all the
work nobody talks about it anymore
that's movie that comes out because
shitload of money and then kind of
vanishes you know you're absolutely
right yeah what does let's let me hurt
anyone ever mentioned avatar oh my god
totally right a flash in the pan will
that be like a Sin City situation when
the sequel comes out you like I don't
know I know well in James Cameron's
bacon like the rest of his career on
Avatar sequels like he's got two three
and four lined up it's not even like
it's a great story
no it's not a great story it's not a
terribly interesting universe to explore
no I I don't know what in James
Cameron's a crazy person hey but it's
true it's very true no it's it's it's
fine I miss the early James Cameron
movies the straightforward Yama Nader's
like that movie is so simple and tells a
great story very simply and even the
second one I like Terminator 2 but that
one is like I'm starting to see it the
blood is starting to come in no but yeah
that's exactly what avatar is it's a
straightforward story with a
men sponging yeah he has never made
anything that hasn't been a straight
forward story his budget has just
exponentially grown no he well not not
just budget but blokes in the
storytelling show really complicated
it's too many characters too preachy and
what he's trying to say it's got a
little ham-fisted with the social calm
yes yeah ham-fisted is a good term to
use the main character starts off was a
dull jarhead and he ends as a dull
jargon Dulcy I obviously don't remember
what happens if I'm one of them No Oh
does he abandon earth culture or he'll
yeah yeah that's stupid that is that's
stupid
I'm supposed to be sorry about changing
growth but he doesn't seem that much
different to me yeah yeah it doesn't
help that the lead actor was horribly
boring
yeah avatar I remember that good on him
he's a talented filmmaker certainly but
I don't care you know like I don't know
if we've ever discussed this on stream
the I am okay with George Lucas I know
whoa Jay just shot me a look this is
gonna no I have a feeling you're going
somewhere with this no idea what it
would possibly be so so George Lucas
turned into a crazy person yes and you
know made some really bad movies but in
making those bad movies he elevated the
states of nonlinear digital editing sure
so you appreciate him for his
contributions to the technical aspects
of filmmaking okay yes
fine fine and so I'm willing to forgive
a lot of his movie sins because he has
done so much for the world that I'd have
it okay digital movies are still
horrible movies are still horrible but
without him directly J digital editing
would not exist in the in the fashion it
exists now is that true yes okay that's
very true so we all need to thank him a
lot for things like per meter and final
cut
mostly final cut but James Cameron has
backed all the wrong Tony's he's back in
60 frames a second yeah I've been 3d
yeah it's even hard for me to be on his
side about anything
but I hate the opening crawl of the Star
Wars movies damn it guys so what you're
saying is you hate George Lucas fucking
guys don't hate it it works perfectly in
works perfectly well in the movie it's
de matically correct but it is
unnecessary apps
everybody's an asshat I liked George
Lucas before is cool absolutely
shouldn't make me laugh
good take me for everything go on you
can do it kind of I want to the harness
it means once it gets to the platforming
once I'm fine sure hi Evan a sad good
yeah I'm glad I do you know that the
stream is one of those things where if
George Lucas needs to go off to make his
his crap and that means I get a better
nonlinear digital editor that's fine by
me
he dude he does what he do well what do
I get if camera makes another movie what
a cleaner ocean fuck that how does that
make my job as an editor easier did
Peter Jackson get uncrazy
I don't think he did he's not crazy he's
just self-indulgent well I guess if you
talking about him backing this 60 frames
a second then maybe
he comes across like a lover of cinema
James Cameron comes across like a like a
you can maniacal asshole that yeah yeah
with Mike I'm one you got the ball
rolling on what we're talking about guys
are you guys weird yeah right rich can
restart the challenge by pressing back
on the controller okay so if you know
it's lost sorry you're closed
there you go nicely done nicely then I
prematurely cheer for you that's okay
that's okay you did it go
congratulations good oh you lost 150 but
yeah Boop someone is asking how
guacamelee is on the Wii U exactly the
same as it is on everything else it's
great
it runs the same we play I played it on
the Wii U I played it a year ago on my
Vita and we played it on the PC and it
runs smooth as butter on all systems so
it had just the right amount of team for
optimization
smooth butter oh my god
he is turning to a chicken can yeah
there's anymore not enough space oh oh
really
just not enough space for that oh yeah
nice there you go all right oh but you
have to do in 30 seconds yeah Paul WS
Anderson did event horizon
yes really mmm I hate horizon yeah I can
see that that's a movie I seem to see
people talk about now is being like this
great horror film I saw in the theater
yeah way way back when it came out and I
remember thinking it kind of sucked but
had some creepy imagery in it yeah but I
have not seen a sense I remember being
really dumb well Paul WS Anderson yeah
it was it absolutely had really creepy
imagery in it okay I remembered the
creepy imagery just looked like shit
pulled out of a Hellraiser movie Oh
looks like Hellraiser imagery but I
don't three ones you know what it rips
off doom doom doom a future ass human
experimenting with what some kind of
teleportation warm old tech technology
accidentally opens up a portal to Hell
and Satan takes over some kind of space
station and there's all kind of bizarre
satanic imagery along with science
fiction stuff oh okay yeah well rich I
never thought about like that so we're
in not like I doubted you would be
absolutely right
define good fire yeah I just remember it
being kind of silly yeah I'd have to
rewatch it I haven't seen it that's the
theater but I did not know it was Paul
WS Anderson play yes I think I was one
of his first movies oh very funny that's
really fast
spear great premise horrible movie that
was Stephen King isn't it scary Stephen
King I don't know I don't think so
I read sphere the sphere they're
underwater yep they're underwater I
never saw great premise yeah a decent
book spheres a decent read it can it be
like that kind of thing who wrote s--
oh no Michael Crichton ah yeah Michael
Crichton wrote sphere before the chat
could tell me I remember that spheres an
alright book it's it's a bit of a mind
fuck it's is fun but yes silly movie
it's it's one of those it's one of those
things that need a book what was in that
movie Dustin Hoffman okay and maybe oh
who is the lady
maybe Sharon Stone that sounds right
yeah Dustin Hoffman and Sharon Stone
terrible movie decent book decent book
isn't read what it's Michael Crichton
jodie foster's that was it and Sam
Jackson what that could be
I would believe it I had no idea that
what I'm trying to read the chat I'm
losing you guys apparently some people
like event horizon all right that's what
I'm saying it's got a following I just
remember it not being good yeah but I'd
have to rewatch it maybe I'll rewatch it
for Halloween time one of my Halloween
movies maybe it maybe it'll be a movie
in which you change your mind
possible unlikely but possible flop when
it came out I remember that it got like
horrible reviews cuz it was silly
what can we please talk 14:08 oh you
know I just watched that for the first
time like a month ago what is it it's
based on a Stephen King story
John Cusack and Sam Jackson okay and
John Cusack is a guy that goes around
like debunking the acontece tabla shman
okay and so he goes to this hotel and
stays in the room 1408 that's supposedly
haunted it's incredibly boring a great
setup Sam Jackson is goodness early
seems like it's a good setup as far as
establishing the history of this room
and then it just gets fucking dumb dumb
and dull okay I'm not scary in any way
there you go is he a face overview
that's it that's all I got the same but
yeah cuz that was one I heard was sort
of an effective cuz I'm always looking
for movies that actually creepy
it doesn't happen much anymore because
they're too jaded I think but that was
what I heard was kind of creepy so yeah
I know it's tough when especially the
more you know about moviemaking but the
tougher it is to actually freak you out
yeah I think that's part of it and I
think it's like so many movies over
explain what is happening yeah you know
it looks like it's not creepy when you
know what's happening no going back a
bit you know you know why I hate ever
event horizon I don't these people will
the chat will love it they're wrong
yeah it's yes it's it's like she passed
jump-scare after cheap-ass jump-scare
it's the movie equivalent of a screamer
okay sure yeah I hate that I could see
that someone was asking about
confessions of a dangerous mind oh I
know you don't like that movie I don't
like that movie yeah why the book is
great that's another movie that I really
dislike because the book is so good
no Jack Metroid what oh this is new
I didn't even yeah oh that's great look
it's great this is new in super
championship to audition yeah chicken
bones that's great yeah confessions of a
dangerous mind is a really fun book a
winner is you fuck reference uh
everything's a reference
he wasn't referencing a wetters you a
wrestling rule ok nes wrestle does that
what that did yeah a winner is you I
don't think I see can't I was ever
actually able to successfully get the
belt
oh so many times I never did it oh
that's all right that's all right so
yeah confessions of a dangerous mind
read the book it's a really fun read
it's it's the exact correct way on how
to write an autobiography
I also saw the chance someone was asking
about a movie that like legitimately
scared you like asking what a movie
those yeah enemies good news like what
what is what is us movie that really
creeped you out I can tell you that the
very first time he Blair Witch Project
yes I was legitimately creeped out yeah
yeah I would agree with that before that
became a thing well I was hyped for that
movie I heard about it like a year
before it came out yeah the these you
know nobody filmmakers shot this thing
in the woods like super so I was I was
hyped to see it and then I said I
convinced a bunch of people I went to
high school with to go opening night
they had no idea what it was because
this before it became such a huge thing
right and some of them are board that
had imaginations were creeped out yeah
yeah that's great
haven't seen it you've never seen it
really really oh alright there you go
yeah it's rare for me to watch a movie
now that actually creeps me out this
doesn't happen anymore unfortunately I
wish it did I wish I could get scared
like I did when I was little they missed
that feeling die I like being scared I
like that feeling but it doesn't doesn't
happen anymore
it's hard it's hard to you let go I've
had to replace it with movies that make
me feel sick movies can still do that oh
a Cannibal Holocaust nah it doesn't get
the you're not gonna feel more disgusted
and miserable than you will after
watching Cannibal Holocaust great piece
of filmmaking a very well done movie but
oh yeah I thought that was a decent
documentary they said if you want to be
scared
you should watch Jesus camp
I haven't seen Jesus can it's a fine
documentary yeah it's you know one of
they teach children to hate everybody
listen it's also one of those rare
documentaries where they just show what
is you know ya know no point of view you
know one of the good - yeah they just
show what's happening and you can either
really like it or be disgusted by him oh
it's not one of those documentaries
that's trying to tell you how you're
supposed to think yeah that's crazy it's
really weird I know and dudes campers
are okay yeah I should watch that I've
never seen it it's all right I mean
it'll make you sad yeah but that's fine
SOS kind of scared me gutter Punk
threatened yeah that was that yeah yeah
that one's creepy yeah yeah and when
they get to the end of the world stuff
and it's Shu full yes that's creepy
right people are looking forward to that
wasn't it the same cult or were they
actually poisoned a bunch of people on a
subway train they've really some nerve
gas or something ridiculous I mean I
wouldn't believe it
I think it's that cult I guess I
remember us watching that and figuring
out what it was and just being horrified
so Wes
hiccuping don't go to the grocery store
I think that's the thing that horrified
me the most cuz I had never heard of
this crazy like barcode scanners is the
sign of the beast and so we like I
started googling what the barcode
scanner thing is just like people think
this is real yep this is a real thing
that people think is real yeah I forgot
the chili you need the chili you need
the chili people think any of it real
any of its real that's been shocking to
me yeah you're ready yo ray-ray but
we're not here to preach we're here to
talk I'm certainly not here to preach
preach anything race you can preach a
lot of things you don't gotta preach
nothin new one
that however might be real what what
room I'm trying to catch up on the chat
here which is euphoric are you about
what about one fun fact that the cult
claims that men and women should
masturbate to the idea of Jesus yes when
men make love to women they're supposed
to imagine they're making love to Jesus
what oh yes
whoa can we go back to talking about
that they're supposed to imagine they're
the woman in the stirring the sex act
I don't that sounds like something if
someone wrote that in the chat and you
weren't here to verify it Ricky I would
say they're fucking with us
yeah wow that's that's insane well we
didn't know we watched SOS that the cult
was creepy Reverend right right that's
everything I'm supposed to get yeah
bring out all the Jesus they get of fun
yeah okay
bong Oh Doug agrees with Jay yeah let's
talk about it I don't know where I don't
know what a proper segue is from her
event horizon from scary we went to some
movies that spooked us out yes I know I
think
isn't that what Mike said that's why he
like watches the ghost shows because
they would creep him out right well he
just finds the whole subject interesting
right I'm kind of the same way that I
really watch the ghost shows because
watching the modern ones it just feels
like you're watching con men yeah I'm
not watching a show and they I thought
they believed in what they were doing I
would find it interesting but ghost
adventure makes me want to punch that
guy in the
Dec Baggins Zac bag I'm not I'm not
trying to emotionally upset you but do
you think this ghosts in the house would
kill you a lot of those almost rich
almost yeah wait till I get this that
might yell the Mikaelson my review
that's one problem over only need to
hear Jake
little bit closer to Jay I'll do unreal
the chat wants me to do a talk louder no
I don't think that's a real thing that
you're gonna be saying so I'm not gonna
say that a lot
why won't this dream end cuz this is
what we're doing
oh yeah I know it's unfortunate that
you're being forced to sit through the
entire thing so I'm just gonna say this
stream ends literally anytime you want
to do clicking a little bit this stream
can end you you can leave anytime you
want but the moment you do we're gonna
preview the new plated review I don't
why I think it's true but absolutely
how many microphones do you guys have in
the room ATM at them at the moment oh
this is that one we have one right in
front of my face yeah I
we use my zoom h4n which has a 180
degree directional microphone it's
actually two microphones in a in a kind
of cross
section it's a single unit single unit
self-contained
audio recording device and you set it up
in the middle over my used to plug
microphones it has a couple XLR jack so
I used to plug in extra microphones
which if anyone remembers the early days
of the streams added many complications
so now we just setup the one microphone
and you guys can hear us alright I guess
that's what we use for the microphone
there it's also the microphone that I
use when I'm at home doing the Jack solo
screams or the jack and a half streams
Sunday nights be there be square
I'm sorry I vomited no just came out of
nowhere that's a really good idea we
should have individual boom mic
operators okay braylee stream that's
what well hire some interns and it would
be better to have the whole boom wings
over us if I if I had like a decent like
an audio mixer or something I would
probably want us to eat y'all have an
individual microphone but that would be
another link in the chain that would
fail it has already when we had the
microphone setup yeah it failed so many
times you guys remember the buzzing oh
yeah they might not they might not have
been here we have a very complicated
setup here with lots of cables
everywhere yeah it's true it's true
oh that's a great tip huh
so we'll get interns to have boom mics
on us individually okay and those
interns will have face cams ah okay not
us but the interns will so they can
watch the interns hold the boom mics
over that's a great idea that's a great
idea
that's right - phantom power you guys
remember we had the phantom power on or
off I forget something was wrong
something was wrong and there was a
buzzing I was terrible and we didn't
need it because I literally had my
microphones plugged into another
microphone
I did see that risk reducing their wish
they're making the mist game into a TV
series yeah that's terrible idea that's
a terrible idea
the most boring game can be the world's
most boring TV show right is missed a
card game
yes what's their card game called missed
a mike is completely wrong about my this
is the is the famous kind of my st right
yeah okay it's not a card behave it's
not a card okay I mean it could be a
card game as well
it's the game where you land on an
island didn't you bet you have to like
click before you and you move forward
one tile in your room I don't know
anything about it Hara bleep I don't
know why I thought it was a card game
adventure game you weren't paying any
attention to what happened but I just
did fucking awesome no all right I just
did mother fucking loss well congrats
elation I saw that you're fighting with
three big guy yes they were saying six
of them total
yeah yeah didn't tell you I don't think
I took one hit alright because I got to
choose guacamelee as our previously
recorded game that we review and rich
was a little hesitant but he's like ah
it's your choice to choose the game he's
been playing it for 24 hours you know
what I thought it was gonna be like a
mexican-themed Street Fighter sure hey I
did no idea it would be this marvelous
game but it is it's really good and
besides the part that's totally sucking
ruinin nice
pictionary we will we will play
pictionary game but those know what I
play Pictionary we will play Pictionary
you want me to stop so we can no no
people are be hired people are being
funny yeah now we will play Pictionary
and the winners will get will get Steam
games that is a thing that will happen
sooner rather than later I spent a lot
of my morning this morning I got some
cards some people had traded me some
steam cards so I spent a lot of the
morning upping my steam yeah also I
could get my friends because I had a
bunch of recently same friend requests I
was caught up from glorious moment ya
know they're starting to back up again
people still finding you on Steam you
only gave up her name is not one sir I
know Pepin is crazy it's out there it's
out there in the internet I okay I've
never gotten past volcano thing without
getting the skull across bone step oh
this will be this will be it this will
be the something I love you don't know
jack do you remember that trivia game
you don't yeah oh yeah I love that guy I
love trivia games because I know a lot
of dumb shit we're not gonna play five
nights at freddy's or whatever that is
dumb dumb game
the dumb game with the dumb this oh yes
by the way this is still a no death run
we are now four hours into no veteran
rich has been playing for four hours and
has not died once is that impressive for
this game yes okay especially like with
with the rich has also been doing some
of the extra bonus challenges yes there
is a lot of death in this game which is
why you respond so quickly okay when you
guys so yes rich is doing something
that's a little impressive okay
MLG rich absolutely MLG major league
gaming oh you're making that up I might
be MLG Pro is it's like it's a gaming
thing where you you game it's a thing
what
oh yeah I saw the swapper the swapper
looked like a really interesting game
you have a spacesuit and you die a lot
you look like that looked like a very
visually exciting game ml dude I this is
it should we pay attention you don't
have to if you fall in the lava you die
right yeah you died I was right there
that was nice it is getting real of
course
oh that's brilliant you can only defeat
their shields yep if you use the attack
that also breaks those bricks but not
beneath you oh I say Oh see in this game
they know they know how to fuck with you
that's great
oh my god that's great oh and rich Evans
we trust citizen can yay West funny I
still like it what's this is green okay
so we're not counting that right only if
we see the skull and crossbones
that's the rule no matter what you fall
in if we see that skull and crossbones
the run is over ice nicely no no I don't
know if I have I've seen that question a
lot and I will finally ask it to the
group I have no thoughts on Jurassic
world you know what yeah what are you
yeah I have a thought you have a thought
on dresser did you want to dress your
dress perk great Willy great movie -
that's a great no three not so great
no so why the fuck do people to hear
about world yeah I think it's people who
lie at first one so much that they've
ignored the fact that the second the
third one are not good but why now after
two mediocre too bad sequels do they
think they finally got it again yeah
it's nostalgia yeah yeah I'm gonna let
it go I'm not even gonna try I've been
doing all the challenges and then what
this one no this is channel this off oh
together that chest oh sure I'm letting
this one go
and whose I don't think Spielberg is
directing Jurassic world right
is there a director attached I don't
know how to follow away it's not it's
not Spielberg I'm sure you producing it
or something but yeah I don't even know
who's directing it like who cares
well I think people care cuz uh the man
of the hour is in there right no Chris
Pratt Oh is he yeah Chris Pratt is
starring in it oh okay so I think that's
why people are caring is because
everyone loves
right now would ya know I don't care
I'll probably see it I guess when it
comes out but I I'm not I'm not assuming
it's gonna be horrible I'm not looking
forward to it it's just another thing
it's just another thing there's so many
things that's the best way to breathe
just another thing it's gonna come out
it will probably not be offensively bad
and it will probably believe nothing oh
my god
it will so it won't be offensively bad
and it probably will not break any
boundaries to advance the art form that
is cinema it won't have the impact that
Jurassic Park had know what that movie
was so fucking huge when it came out
yeah
for so many reasons well this is what
I'm saying Jurassic Park
advanced the art form that is cinema yes
not even gonna try oh not even good
right oh my god oh where are you so it
will not do that it will probably be
acceptable I can only imagine I I don't
know anything about it I mean the fact
that it's coming yeah now is this is
this sequel or a reboot how are they
approaching it I think it's a sequel No
sequels can be reboots though what your
ranch eyes by making a new movie but
it'll be a sequel to the it won't be
quite one of the first but then it can't
be a reboot if it's a sequel again its
rebooting the franchise this franchise
has been dead we're making a new one
it's rebooting it that's not what I
think it is no that's not no no okay
keep track a reboot is when continuity
has been types
that's a revisit yeah it's a comic book
journal okay
yeah universe continuity
is reboot I understand you're you're
referring to it your your you're
thinking of reboot as in uh I think
you're not using the word reboot
correctly maybe I can't keep track of
all these terms 434 AP to franchise it's
so many different terms there you're
thinking of like when they want to jump
start a franchise yeah it might be a
more appropriate word where this isn't a
remake of the original movie the other
movies maybe happen but this is a new
story that we're telling try and kick
the series back into gear yeah kickstart
would be another appropriate term I
watch this shit out of reboot when it
was on I made a reboot reference and the
best of the worst episodes oh yeah yeah
I love reboot the the superhero episode
right yeah the Johnny Storm wouldn't
even know I didn't get the reference I
kept it in I showed a graphic when I
googled reboot cartoon or whatever it
was great no idea what it was yeah I
watched reboot I actually I'm really
upset I never saw how the series ended I
was I was a little into it but it was at
that awkward age where it's like I was
definitely too old to be watching it but
cartoons um and so I never saw how the
series ended because I needed to stop
watching cartoons
if I remember right the story had a 10
but they want an extra season after that
that's your I'd believe it I'll look it
up one of these days oh fuck this
no you're fine yeah you're fine for now
I'm not down with Hulu someone is saying
it's on Hulu and I'm not down with Hulu
Lulu that's the difference Hulu has
current run TV yeah yeah okay that's
wrong with it uh five nothing because I
don't I don't care that much about

[Part V]
second a third one are not good why now
after two mediocre too bad sequels so
they think they finally got it again
yeah it's nostalgia yeah yeah that's it
I'm gonna let it go I'm not even gonna
try I've been doing all the challenges I
don't know what this one no this is
challenge I saw Oh together that chest
oh sure I'm letting this one go and who
is I don't think Spielberg is directing
Jurassic world right is there a director
attached I don't know I haven't
following it's not scared it's not
Spielberg I'm sure you producing it or
something but it sure yeah I don't even
know who's directing it like who cares
oh well I think people care cuz uh the
man of the hour is in there right Chris
Pratt
Oh is he yeah Chris Pratt is starring in
it oh okay so I think that's why people
are caring is because everyone loves him
right now
yeah no I don't care I'll probably see
it I guess when it comes out it's but I
not I'm not assuming it's gonna be
horrible I'm not looking forward to it
it's just another thing it's just
another thing there's so many things
that's the best way to put it
just another thing it's gonna come out
it will probably not be offensively bad
and it will probably believe nothing oh
my god it will so it won't be
offensively bad and it probably will not
break any boundaries to advance the art
form that is cinema it won't have the
impact that Jurassic Park had know what
that movie was so fucking huge when it
came out yeah there's so many reasons
well this is what I'm saying
Jurassic Park advanced the art form that
is cinema yes not even gonna try the Oh
might even get right oh my god oh where
are you over here so it will not do that
it will probably be acceptable I can
only imagine I I don't know anything
about it other than the fact that it's
coming
yeah now this is this sequel or a reboot
how are they approaching it I think it's
a sequel Oh
sequels can be reboots though what your
ranch eyes by making a new movie but
it'll be a sequel to the it won't be one
of the first but then it can't be a
reboot if it's a sequel again its
rebooting the franchise this franchise
has been dead we're making a new one
it's rebooting that's not I think it is
no that's not no no okay keep track our
reboot is when continuity has been wipes
that's a revisit yeah it's a comic book
travel okay yeah Universe continuity its
reboot I understand you're you're
referring to it you're you're you're
thinking of reboot as in uh I think
you're not using the word reboot
correctly maybe I can't keep track of
all these terms 434 AP to franchise
there's so many different terms there
you're thinking of like when they want
to jump start a franchise yeah it might
be a more appropriate word where this
isn't a remake of the original movie the
other movies maybe happened but this is
a new story that we're telling try and
kick the series back into gear yeah
kickstart would be another appropriate
term
i watch this shit out of reboot when it
was on I made a reboot reference and the
best of the worst episode oh yeah yeah I
love reboot the the superhero episode
right yeah the Johnny Storm let me know
I didn't get the reference I kept it in
my show too graphic when I googled
reboot cartoon or whatever it was great
no idea what it was yeah I watch reboot
I actually I'm really upset I never saw
how this series ended I was I was a
little into it but it was at that
awkward age where it's like I was
definitely too old to be watching it but
cartoons um and so I never saw how the
series ended because I needed to stop
watching cartoons
if I remember right the story had an end
but they want an extra season after that
I believe it I'll look it up one of
these days oh fuck this yeah fine for
now I'm not down with Hulu so what is
saying it's on Hulu and I'm not down
with Hulu Lulu what's the difference
Hulu has current run TV yeah yeah okay
that's wrong with it uh five nothing
because I don't I don't care that much
about Current TV to to think it's worth
it
I'm sure they're towards it to me cuz I
don't watch TV yeah like when a show is
on I don't make up like oh it's Thursday
night I need to watch my story right um
so I like Hulu cuz I can just watch it
later
oh sure I don't watch a lot of shows to
begin with but it's nice to have the
ability to watch something I just for me
I can't think of that many shows that I
would want to watch I've got to make it
worth it I like the idea of yeah I
suppose if I'm saying hey movies on
there to do they yeah yeah they have a
fair amount of movies that I don't see
on Netflix or a couple other places oh
that's great a nice variety of stuff do
it okay like I do I do the Netflix and I
do the Amazon Prime so I get all the a
bunch of em science and stuff which is
great so yeah it's it's definitely like
the more ecosystems you're part of the
harder it is to get involved in any
other sure
but I don't like paying for commercials
is that true do you still get
commercials if you're a Hulu subscriber
uh you get commercials on TV shows yeah
really yeah if you're subscribed even if
you pay them yeah much but I think the
idea is if you don't pay it could be
wrong about this I think the idea is if
you don't pay you only get like the most
recent couple of episodes of the show no
you don't get you don't get those if you
don't pay yeah unless they change it I
used to get like 500 and I think yeah if
you if you don't pay you only get like
the most recent five episodes or so it's
on pay you get the entire season and
premiu sees sure
oh is that have a war I believe so oh
okay
it's like cable without the cable bill
okay I don't know I don't know nothing
bout nothing I know that Walking Dead
Season four finally came to Netflix so I
come down I can't wait to continue to
not watch Walking Dead that show was so
fucking boring
it's it got good I I refused to believe
it and I'm Tom you know the problem that
show is that there's no end goal because
making a shitload of money so they're
gonna keep doing it yep so they'll be
like five episodes to be nothing happens
to be fair the comic book series isn't
and even intended to have an end goal
it's supposed to be I'm going sure I
guess that's with that sort of premise I
don't care but the TV show especially
it's like yeah there'll be five episodes
of nothing happening and then something
big will happen and then five more
episodes of know--they yeah I got really
bored with that show and gave up I did I
did as well just a shame because the
first episode is fantastic great pilot
yeah absolutely I think we've talked
about this before and I obably messes
I'd be moving ever the pilot the pilot
and my little Walking Dead yeah
abso-fuckin'-lutely no and you know what
a lot of the first season the first two
three episodes of the first season is
really great yeah I think yeah I even by
the end of the first season I'm starting
to get a little like alright I get it
and then you hit that second season then
I gave up yeah man does it ii we we
picked it back up just because we're
ahead of it shit - haha yeah the third
season is the much better okay um I like
the idea that there's a show like that
that is so popular yeah but I don't know
if I care enough to try and go back to
it hey if you can put up and a lot of
the second season really sucks there's
no way around it they spend the whole
time in a farmhouse really the entirety
of the second season is that that same
farmhouse budget concerns if you can
make it to the third season it gets good
immediately okay maybe I'll try fuck
immediately in the third season it gets
real good even by the you-know-what
there maybe that's even the end of the
second season whenever they leave that
goddamn farmhouse it guess if that's the
case if that's the end of the second
season it's like we have to fill a
season what do we do
yeah well Simpson the sperm house and
then this great idea we have we'll do it
at the very end I know you don't care
about the comic books I know there were
a farmhouse for a while in the comics
not in my dad it might be my working
comic book for I don't even know but for
a TV show it's boring as shit different
idiot wave really fucking it
that's second season goddamn Jesus
Christ this is awesome
third season is the worst
what do you thought or no it's the
second season that there at the farm
yeah yeah
No third season is really good it gets a
little it gets a little wacky which is
maybe not the right term did they bring
back in the third season do they bring
back Michael Rooker yes okay that
automatically makes it better than
season two yes it's my co-workers in it
the Knicks will probably be more likely
to watch it because I'm so excited when
he showed up in the first season then
it's like oh he's going already yeah he
did walkers he comes back - a hand yes
spoiler alert I might watch the show
someday you know right you should see
the one man handcuffed yeah talk about
that's Michael Rooker the brothers and
then reported of a serial killer and
Mallrats yeah Oh God right that's not
worth it for Cheston money but this we
got things to do good and I think so far
I'm only I'm only one episode into
season for it's it's alright
all right you get what you get I always
I know rich and I made a big stink in
the e3 previously recorded about being
done with zombies but yeah well that's
like what were you saying earlier like
you can say I'm done with zombies but
then you see a really good zone it all
depends on the individual thing yeah has
less to do the zombies than those the
characters yes I'm a little invested in
these characters um
so much so that I can't remember the
goddamn main character's name what is it
nobody can
you're the second or third person I've
talked to and talking about that shower
they're like what's the main guy's name
that guy is boring
nobody cares Rick Rick Rick good you
know what it's cuz he has a dumb name
like Rick I'm not saying Rick is a dumb
name
I'm just saying is that a memorable lead
memorable name Rick Rick goes through
some awesome stuff
he doesn't three okay man yeah it's
great Rick Rick and Coral coral my boy
Coral
Karl we gotta go fight the zombies
Corolla what is it with a ring so you
told me right what is it with writes
Rick Grimes that's what his name is that
just makes me think of Frank Grimes from
the symptoms Coral
you know what you're doing
Oh Oh My Jesus God the stage is my
kriptonite old grimy grin is asking you
in IJ if they will ever make a good
Alien franchise movie again they would
like us to predict the future I don't
know probably not in the near future I
think it thirty because there's a
previous two in the works right is there
I think so now as long as that's
happening there probably won't be a good
alien movie for a while that make money
it did yeah yeah I think there was a
sequel in the works and I wasn't as
harsh on Prometheus how me there has AI
got a lot of shit for that that's a
great looking movie it's great looking
movie and you know what a lot of it's
fine until you get to the third act and
that motherfucker falls right apart yeah
I know where's didn't seen more of that
world no um but I think as long as
that's happening there will not be a
separates Alien series being made I
believe you're correct and you know what
honestly the alien series probably
shouldn't have never been a series to
begin with at first movie standalone
movie fine film yep oh my god is that
what it does oh that's fun
and I know everyone likes aliens but
that really is that first movie is not
something where I'm like you know what I
want to see more of this universe you
know aliens was great Jane alien doesn't
is a fine movie I don't want that as
much as a lot of people do but I'm
saying like based on the first movie I
would not say I want to see this turned
into a franchise it's a very
self-contained story it is and you know
aliens did something different with it
it did yeah there's a lot of people love
yes and I think is okay and then that's
what a sequel can do sure and and then
they decided to get weird you know to be
fair I've read like original early well
earlier proposals for is like script
treatments for aliens 3 and it was
basically just aliens but more like one
one one one script treatment I read
ahead like twenty power loaders versus
20 Queen aliens of course yeah yeah
that's like the classic sequel idea of
what you do mom yeah but they with the
opposite route and everybody hated that
too with a Elaine to read and only one
iliyan claustrophobic
creepy environment is much closer and
sewn to the first movie than aliens was
German here everybody hates the only
three I think it's a fine film people
who are some problems people who hate
alien 3 like aliens more than alien yes
that's probably a part of the problem
because everybody was upset they killed
off yeah Nick says I didn't Cannes I
didn't care about Newton kick as I was
sunny I'm one of those people yeah I I
did not care about those characters so I
didn't care that they killed them off
and I thought it worked for the movie
it's like oh shit all bets are off
those people are done I know that they
did it for their their beep reasons
other than storytelling they did it
because they didn't want to get those
characters back but
and I guess I should say when I say I
like alien 3 I'm talking about the
extended cut that's on the blu-ray or
something at recorder although I didn't
hate the theatrical cut either but the
the newer cut is a much better movie
there's so much I don't remember about
it yeah mr. Cornelio of the shape 10
right she looks badass dude that was the
entire selling point of that movie like
it's a new alien movie and look it's
Sigourney Weaver doesn't have hair is it
that's a pretty amazing thing that's how
I sold V for Vendetta
that's true Natalie Portman shaved her
head for the role how bold and brave
that a woman would shave her head
I feel right I feel okay okay great
great
I could pass this lava stage and I'm
still not they do you guys gonna leave
whatever but I'm sticking around
yeah I got I'm um I'm probably gonna
leave after this beer Jesus Christ it's
almost water clothing what are the
morning I was what are you what's your
prediction is rich hola
how long probably well probably a while
yeah yeah this is tough cuz you're
rocking the know death row I know
we're not playing pictionary tonight
guys mspaint pictionary will absolutely
happen just not tonight
alright tonight we were no death running
baka melee we got off to a little later
start than I would have liked trying to
schedule is that where we could finish -
no death run and but also sleep like
normal humans well you wanted to wake up
and watch a alien right I have to wake
up i watch a over film I'm free right
tomorrow the plot work we're doing we're
doing other work tomorrow so we can't do
this work I don't have to do that but I
might wake up and watch alien anyway
that's great dude do you wanna watch the
alien I'll make coffee and we'll watch
yoo-hoo this is the thing that's
tempting um I'll text you doctor okay um
you do it right now well I'm playing
this if I said I watched Neely now I
would fall asleep yeah he starts off
slow trying to think of how we can I'm
trying to think of how we can logistical
II finish this maybe not tomorrow
Oh rich are you okay not playing
guacamelee for a couple days no I'm in
you can't look I'm in the zone now
what's gonna happen is we're gonna start
enough day and I'm gonna die instantly
I mean you're right okay alright well
I'm in it for a little bit longer I'm in
for a little bit longer and really what
will just happen is I'll just leave my
shit here and you can just stream until
you got damn ready to stop I mean
eventually I need to sleep but
I'm in it for a little bit longer okay
oh my god nope die
no I'm just I nearly did though I nearly
did this is the other problem rich is
you're you're becoming sleep-deprived
and maybe you're too in the zone
LM not too in the zone be an insane man
you got problems in their zone you got
problems inside of your brain that could
be that could be a real thing that
happens they're saying I should just
take a nap right here no cuz I'll snore
another throw red job rich is the zone
you're totally right
you're right I'll stop this right okay
it's only it's a it's not only one it is
one away you guys OH
nice rich jack is trying to lead you
astray renew thy force it's true I am
I'm absolutely trying to lead him
asunder how close to the end of the game
are you pretty close but come on some
reason I want to go back and get the
orbs oh well we do I'm going to Jack you
can't stop me not doing that I guess
what I'm saying is like if you didn't go
get the orbs is this like an hour or a
half hour I'm not sure not a hundred
percent sure then you're just a jerk
just gonna skip him Beauty you already
missed out on on dinkle dings yeah you
guys are mad at me because I haven't
died yet
this is this is sad I'm not mad at you I
was just curious how close you were
together yeah yeah and you know this is
just one of those things where I'm
leaving what I want to regardless of if
you're done I was just curious
yeah yes that's how I'm feeling - I'm
leaving regardless but I'd like to stay
and watch I might not be that far
a scallop on Rachel yeah they're telling
you you need to hunker down and power
through okay also if you could find a
roof somewhere and you get up on that JJ
somebody's asking if you are a fan of
Chris Cunningham the music video
director guy is also a movie I have not
seen but I've always meant to a sexy
beast okay he directed that as well you
know I don't think I've seen any of this
movies
has he done anything other than sexy
beasts I'm sure he has you know what I
won't look it up I'm sure he has but I
don't I I know him from music videos
yeah he has them he has a music video
collection like they do
that's all I've seen listen this
director is sexy B's Jenny right sexy
beast no nothing to do with sexy beast
what nothing really yeah looks like
missing it why I just know from music
videos I know he did that rubber Johnny
thing that was creepy and weird and I
don't know I don't have much thoughts on
Chris Cunningham I guess I really
thought he did sex this is so weird
oh well I apologize for for leading us
under all I know I have his his music
video directors collection oh yeah
there's a super wicked Levi's jeans come
okay that he did that was really
fantastic so that's all I got and he
made it he made a joke in the video all
right in the collection in which you
know like shows music videos and some of
his ad work and stuff like that and
there's a running theme in the menu
selection that where he's tracking down
a homeless person who's giving him all
of his ideas it's just this one homeless
guy and it's just like the almost guys
going down an escalator and he's going
up one and the homeless guy tells him an
idea for like a misting video I think
that's what a weird thing to bring up
why why did you bring him up jazz honey
then what has he done lately nothing I
don't
he didn't apparently said something to
do with the visual effects really alien
3 so maybe that was the connection oh
sure I don't know okay asunder is my
word of the day I said it earlier and I
really liked it it's not a word that's
oh I said it again thunder is not a word
you hear very often did you win are you
winning
not the whole game no you want to fight
it yeah that's great okay no you don't
you want me to die Jack admit it Liyana
things Glaser of sexy beast also had a
video collection maybe I'm thinking of
Jonathan Glazer whose work I really like
that name sounds familiar to outside of
sexy beat who did the Levi's commercial
this is very important I don't think I
can find that on Miami Beach I think you
can google it
Oh Jonathan don't think blazer did under
the skin oh okay mother earlier this
year which is fucking great yeah so yeah
he's fine I like him I like under the
skin I thought that movie was fantastic
great and he did birth a few years ago
which was somewhat controversial with
Nicole Kidman I saw him the theater and
I remember think it was interesting oh
okay I need you to google Jonathan
Glazer jeans commercial see if this is a
real thing oh yeah Levi's that and this
is Talia watch this this is awesome John
okay Jonathan Glazers who are really
enjoy Arnaz chat we're watching a Levi's
commercial chance sick of us okay the
chance sake of us who cares we're
watching a Levi's commercial okay this
is a great commercial Google Jonathan
Glazer Levi's ad that's what we're
watching right now oh nice yeah so who
the fuck cares about Chris Cunningham
when you got Jonathan Glazer
I don't think Laser directed under the
skin and that is definitely a movie
worth checking out
nice visual metaphors that's all we got
Yuki you bring up some one we don't care
about him we bring up our own people we
by the way the portly gentleman you're
right
we were just watching the Anaconda music
video that's something you should know
about the red letter media studios is
we've set up a special monitor to see
anaconda video all day just on a loop
Manny the Vera King asks me what I think
about those amiibos that the Wii U has
the little guys rich is fighting now he
doesn't have time to account to talk the
I think they're fucking dumb and I'm not
gonna get any if I wanted to buy a tour
of my video game that I can't play with
in real life I wouldn't fuck why would
you get that toys dumbest it's a dumb
idea and I hope it fails but it won't
cuz Skylanders is the biggest thing in
this generation of video games kids are
gonna grow up loving for the shit out of
Skylanders I don't know what it is it's
a video imagine a video game that if you
wanted to play more of that video game
you had to buy a little ball I just want
to play a video game right but you can't
you can play the video game yeah with
the doll that you have but if you want
to play more the video game you got to
get another doll this sounds like a
gimmick yeah it sounds like a way to to
feel money from people yep and it's
working like fucking gangbusters what
does the doll do the doll hooks up to
your little thing and then you put you
get to play as the
in the video game it's basically a piece
if you have to buy a physical doll you
can't even yes this is stupid
yes oh yeah I think that this is not
it's not just like an add-on you can buy
and you have to buy this doll you have
to buy the stock okay I don't like this
no and it's all the rage it's all the
rage now it is and and I think it's it's
one of the worst thing that's happening
to video games ah
it's also kind of brilliant because you
know like they're just finding the most
efficient way to suck money from the
default shirt and so yeah that's it's
great you have to buy a little device
that plugs into your game here for five
dollars you buy the new games that come
out the DLC how much does one of the
dolls cause I have a no idea okay I'm
sure chat tell us how much one of the
dolls cause I'm sure I'm gonna say eat
$11.99 if my tux between 10 and 20
dollars some physical DLC it's exactly
what those fucking dolls are yeah let's
see how many
how much are the dolls people tell me
one of you will know they are not $50.00
like 10 bucks 14 yeah so 10 to 15 bucks
probably some are like larger than
others they are they're fancier tears of
the bells there are there are so some of
them might be 50 oh I suppose maybe it's
this sounds like a bunch of bullshit as
as someone I am someone who Jenner
genuinely enjoys capitalism sure I think
it's fantastic
as someone who enjoys capitalism I think
it's brilliant because like I said they
found a really efficient way to suck
money out of people Thanks
but as a person who also just enjoys
playing video games I think it's
terrible Bucky Forrest
apparently octo Jay has a life goal to
get you to watch a clip from funky
forest
oh well that's that movie okay I'll
watch it eventually I'll watch it right
now but I'll watch it later
there you go I'll make a mental note to
look up funky forest there you go yeah
there you go there you go there you win
I'm a hipster that likes capitalism I
don't think you can do mono all hipsters
like capitalism right cuz that's how you
buy the shit that looks like it's old
thing you said all day
sky - sky dandy I did not check out the
valve made documentary called free to
play because it's about dota 2 and I
don't
I've never played dota 2
I thought that it was going to be about
the the kind of new way that valve is
decided to sell games and it's not it
was about a dota 2 tournament it has
very little to do with the free-to-play
games market which is something I'm
actually interested in damn it oh oh I
did not see and actually I was really
upset that they called it free-to-play
valve has kind of invented 4j who
doesn't know I don't know what you're
talking about
so valve has started this thing that has
now become a trend in video games making
games free-to-play and offering kind of
in-game benefits to buy stuff right okay
and it has now taken off especially in
the mobile market damn it oh my lord
yeah and so it started kind of is it
started with with stuff like Team
Fortress 2 one of the most popular video
games out there right now is called
donut - ok which I just I won't even get
into thing big big dick and and it's
working out really well for valve they
are selling a lot of stuff in game
they're making a ton of money the so
they made it they released a free
documentary called
free to play and everyone assumed that
it was going to be about the business
end of this the meat of this but it was
just about a dota 2 tournament oh so I
was really upset when I found out it was
about a dota 2 tournament and not about
nerdy stuff I'm sure being a
free-to-play has been in Korea for many
years I'm sure shit listen fucker
everything I say is wrong and everything
you do is wrong
you tell them to go fuck about no and
yet yes I might have misspoke valve did
not invent free-to-play they were a
large corporations that successfully
implemented free-to-play so other
corporations followed suit okay
it's the more accurate way to put it but
also like I was I say the words as I
think of them sometimes they don't come
on correctly how did I not make that up
yeah you gotta move faster dog you've
done this before you know it was plenty
fast I said I'm not holding anybody
hostage you guys can go what and I will
tarry on Miriam Theriot who's Terry
carry on whatever I didn't know I you
know what I thought that was that
sounded like a like a sailing term Terry
owns like Terry on Terry on the forward
stop behind
they got bigger oh my go when I finished
my here go go go go faster go fast
enough go that's great hey be nice
did it get it Oh shucks my butt area and
my wayward son Terry on my way Watson
not only did rich just sing he's hang
falsetto yes this is totally not Bruce
Wayne this is still happening and rich
still has not died this is a thing that
is happening
he's talking about it that's right you
need me to sing more hits from the 90s
some body mods told me
do you guys want me to lose is that
what's going on Lulu as well blame it on
smash Mel hey kidding if anything they
should have pumped you up tenfold Oh Oh
predator 2 what does everyone think of
predator 2 Man Man Man Man so they can
folks Matt a lot of people hate it I
don't hate it
ok it's no predator it's no predator
it's really no predator is the thing
yeah Gary Busey's in it there's that
sure was that was that am as a shame
black movie right no predator - no shame
shame black axe in the first predator he
did not write it but he's in it briefly
is he yes oh um but no he had nothing to
do with the second one oh I thought he
for some reason I had in my head that he
wrote it no I think those same people
who wrote the first one wrote the second
one really yeah how they go yeah it's
alright it's got Bill Paxton in it Danny
Glover is in it and he's no Arnold
Schwarzenegger right but I appreciate
that they weren't trying to go for
another Arnold Schwarzenegger tight like
you know go in a different direction
yeah yeah
it's it's it's lacking the simplicity of
the first movie that's what makes that
first movie work that's a good way to
put it yeah that's a good way to put it
I think the simplicity I have not seen
cube have you seen Jim Henson's cube Jim
and since there's I've seen the movie
cube I've not seen Jim Henson's cube
Jackie rich have you seen Jim Henson's
cube like a sexual thing it's definitely
the inspiration for the cube movies is
hopping okay okay I've seen in the first
cube movie I have not seen Jim Henson's
Q isn't like a short I don't know give
us more information Jim yeah he made
some shorts he made some interesting
shirts but I've never heard of Q Jack
tell Jay about no man's shy but well you
know when you gain enough confidence in
yourself oh man I'm sure he meant to say
no man's sky oh oh yeah but instead I'm
gonna talk about no and Shia okay which
is a story about let's see here oh wait
Kevin James stars as a truck tire repair
man's a truck tire repair man and the
tires come to life and teach him to be
gay what and that gives him the
self-confidence to find the woman he
loves
all right what no man shine but I don't
like any of that work ah no the answer
is absolutely not but that's all I got
oh my god Carl Weathers is greater than
Danny Glover you are correct
that's very true that is very correct
Kevin James stars as a truck all you're
right that's so much better
truck Kevin James is a truck but he gets
turned into a man and so he has to
figure out you must turn back into a
truck once is gonna go through those
heavy medicine Netflix movies yeah he
wants to figure out how to turn back
into a truck but to survive in the human
world he's got to figure things out yeah
cuz you know that song would be in it
yes
buckaroo banzai
um I maybe I need to give it another
shot I know a lot of people love that
movie it's like a big cult movie but
when I tried to watch it I didn't think
it was all that great I like Peter
Weller but I would have to revisit it
it's been a very long time since I
watched it a thing that's fair maybe
that's fair
I could definitely see I could I would
understand if someone even someone who
likes B movies not liking that movie
yeah it's it's rough it's it's big for
its britches but I like it
mostly because Goldblum Oh bloom and
John Lithgow right oh yeah right yeah my
god everybody greats in that one yeah
Evon James is actually a cool guy ain't
fat anymore apparently wait for him Leon
good friend
I was careers dead then that's isn't all
the humor in his movies based on the
fact that he's fat now listen I'm sure
Kevin James is a fine person III he
might be I don't know anything about him
personally I dare no ill-will toward the
man he's he's just made some bad movies
yes that's fine dunder but says Jack
should have his own mic so we can mute
him oh he does have a point Jack what
are you doing talking on your prereq
Street know what I was thinking
it's almost as if we set this up as if
I'm gonna be talking and he knows that
coming in Jack will they ever stop
hating you I don't care I get asked that
every once in a while like on the
Twitter or whatnot just like I've been
doing this long enough for you guys you
have no idea how little difference it
makes when you say hateful things about
me
just keep following you know that's how
high you had to go up for that challenge
you did all that Wow yeah it's true oh
that's a great question the portlet
gentleman asks best Rob Schneider moving
on Jesus demolition man does that count
as the Rob Schneider movie that's
probably the right answer nailed it all
right yeah that's further if I got
together almost up that all right I'm
gonna say hour-and-a-half you have an
hour and a half and once I got the last
temple and the last challenge yes um
that's that's a high ball okay either
way I'm gonna go all right
people say Judge Dredd no no no you're
wrong people are being silly
what are some other movies that Rob
Schneider's in that aren't like our
Schneider movie is like deuce Bigalow
with that type of stuff his small roles
in a number of movies before that other
than demolition man who else was in I
mean any of them any of the later Adam
Sandler's well yeah that was cameos sure
cameos terrible in all those yeah he's
terrible in everything how was he ever a
thing I don't know Saturday Night Live
yeah but he was on Saturday Night Live
with like the best cast they ever had
pretty down yeah he was in a amusing
Funny or Die
sketch directed by a buddy of mine Oh in
which they remade Red Dawn but on a new
at a nudist colony that's all I got
that's it it went literally right down
at a news colony that's Bob it's exactly
the sketch you would expect
Benchwarmers susana no I haven't seen it
and I'm gonna say nope he was in surf
ninjas
oh yeah using surf ninjas nothing I
managed that's a terrible movie too but
that was before he was a bigger star oh
my god Leslie Nielsen Rob Schneider is
the poor man's Pauly Shore
that's hilarious for probably Rob
Schneider I think I enjoyed more Pauly
Shore vehicles than I did rob schneider
vehicles absolutely absolutely
I like son-in-law yeah that's one more
movie than a Rob Schneider movie in the
RV now is alright I don't Mike likes
that movie
I don't know Piper model thing yeah it's
fine you know what it is it's fine it's
fine
Lori petti isn't it yeah I like her Andy
Dick's in it for some reason cuz he used
to be a thing as well I looked in the
army now more when it was stripes yeah
the same thing yeah I think there might
be more cussing into the army or less
cussing I don't know there's definitely
less Bill Murray and Harold Ramos that's
true and that makes a big difference
yes oh this looks horrible yes it is oh
my god Jesus Christ it's a man I fucking
love Encino man dunder but what thunder
but after asking if if we could mute me
has now subscribed and we thank you for
subscribing I really do appreciate
I'm not I'm not being insincere or
ironic I do appreciate it yeah I mean
you subscribing won't mute me but maybe
there are ease under that impression
sure yeah well now you can threaten town
subscribe oh there we go there we go
oh that's easy array five to raise over
a five to eight says Jack and Jay
battleship has been made into a feature
film describe what the Milton Bradley
game kudi would be as a feature film
could either moan with the bugs it's
like you have to build the ball to build
a bug yeah I don't know though the
aliens
yeah it's totally baby cootie bugs
fighting aliens no no until there'll be
the cootie bugs come to earth and we
have to I tried to make the concept fun
but ok no no you can't you get you can't
make it fun you know you have to make it
as boring and stupid as possible yeah
but maybe but you know because you have
to incorporate the game gimmick into it
somehow and one of the things with the
cooties is you have to like you get to
dress them up they have different faces
and once there you put on them ok so
they can't just be aliens they have to
be like robot aliens and then we have to
like assemble them ok oh yeah that works
and maybe maybe like it was us who built
them and they turned on us or maybe oh
here's what it is it's aliens right the
cookies are aliens we build robot
versions of the aliens to fight the
alien ok yeah that works
but that's only like 5 minutes of the
movie the rest is a love triangle yes
yeah pointless boring characters yep
that nobody cares about them
generic military characters who let's
say let's say father issues because
that's that's usually a thing yeah that
was battleship
okay great and I got a nice rich it's
always father issues
oh geez whoa
is that what you've been saying chakra
yeah cuz it says shuffle oh great I am
in Saint Jacques my been saying shock
mold great I've been to engross to
notice all right I'm gonna go go yeah
all right goodbye chat it's been fun bye
come on go now have a nice one Jay yep
good luck as Jay leaves we say welcome
to the who biasts for subscribing thank
you that list we appreciate it
alright good night all bye Jay I'm sorry
jack what a night that I haven't I'm
sorry for being awesome that guacamelee
yeah I am yeah you don't have to be you
don't have to be sorry everyone just
wants to go home
well I mean it's it's late but this is
what's gonna happen this is what's gonna
happen
previously recorded after dark
no you do fly after you get all the orbs
I didn't yeah that might be new or else
I never did it I'm just gonna skip a lot
of stuff oh my god yeah cuz I can no
that's awesome he's talking to a chicken
that's great my knight said this might
not take as long this thing can fly that
yeah it's funny you got guys but lasts
the during the actual dead stream when I
told Mike that we were gonna let him
play video games that was mostly joking
he could play whenever he wants he's
busy and as we've discussed several
times doesn't much care for many video
games so we will get we will get him to
play doctor lot someone's asking if we
ever finished 1,001 spikes I beat it I
stupidly bought it for movida
because in general we had a decent time
playing I've ever since regretted that
decision yeah I didn't I don't want to
care for the game
say the truth oh that was a freebie
huh that was a freebie that was the free
mix but I mean that mean you know we
cannot we cannot like a game just free
that's fine should I feel bad for
skipping over by this question should i
you're doing it it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter I suppose I've earned
the right absolutely
gay what do you mean is j6e mike mike is
the one who doesn't like video games
yeah I'll absolutely tell Mike to play a
heavy rain I'm sure he'll be really into
that uh-huh uh-huh it's one of those
things where J we've been able to
convince to play some games yeah he's
not anti game well he's not
anti game Mike is anti game and so for
anyone who's like Mike needs to play
this game he would just not enjoy we got
him to play co-op and I was really happy
with that yeah but you know we were here
we were all here in a group and we could
have fun he we will not get him to play
many games is the thing is there some
height I didn't see pickle bucket it's a
great name pickle bucket thank you Chris
subscribing we really appreciate it
um someone asks what music I'm currently
listening to the game I've been playing
Telugu CH does not have a soundtrack
which is really was really upsetting to
me until I realized I could choose the
seven track for it like it has all the
sound effects and everything but no no
music and said today I was playing it
with with uh oh my god I'm gonna forget
what this is called yeah he's gonna be
lucky if he touches me again Autobot oh
my god someone's gonna tell me I'm gonna
feel dumb Alec which does not have a son
fake there's no music there's no music
in Telugu which Kraftwerk thank you
thank you craft work so I had on the
craft work album Autobahn which is
mostly if the 122 minutes on about one
while I was playing Telugu and it was
awesome Kraftwerk oh man you're right I
should have been listening this mash
mouth
that's a good question what kind of
music does roots listen to um when
you're just milling about what do you
pop on they change depending on my mood
okay I can't I can't I can't access this
information right now I am I am 100%
guacamelee okay no hundred percent fuck
Amelie I'm finally the doors the doors
yeah yeah I love the doors and Nirvana
yeah I like hard rock okay
heavy metal hmm and other random things
all right that's fine that was it that
was a thing yeah I needed to quickly
test the game audio so and this is
Richards computer that we're playing on
so he just sounds like rich to put on a
song play any song just like his test
and he pops on nirvana and I thought
that was weird because Nirvana so
awesome
because I've you know it's I don't know
why I thought it was weird I guess I
just did I'm not I'm not a super big fan
of Nirvana so so then I just always
assumed that the people around me are
equally not super fans of Nirvana oh
yeah oh they're coming in dad rockin
yeah so what you kids listen to crap
uh kids listen a crap yeah I like all
kinds of music I like classical music I
like the hard rock mostly I listen to
it's a kind of girly pop girly all pop
Florence in the machine and Lord love
that shit some of the best shove this
hold on hold on hold on my god rich oh
you got your super duper fun any plans
to have more multiplayer games in the
stream 100% absolutely both us
multiplayer and in stream multiplayer
with you all we kind of just play
whatever we feel like these last couple
of episodes where we've played the game
that we played in our most recent
episode I like so I think I'm gonna keep
trying to keep up that tradition you
know like an episode comes out the very
next group stream would play the game
from that episode plus we hate it unless
we absolutely fuckin hate it
ah but I think that's a fun tradition
that I'd like to keep up oh yeah that
I heard great things about Tribes Ascend
and I've seen many videos on it I don't
know I I don't know if I can be in that
world I'm truth but double jump
Oh art that works you that's great
time to send his dad I do I know that
about Tribes Ascend nobody got into it
multiplayer only game it's then looked
like it was a lot of fun while I was
around fuck you
yeah tribes descended that was all to
you guys alright that was another game
that was like stuck in alpha and beta
effort fucking ever did it ever get an
official release or was it just dead on
out that unpaid hotness
well they definitely sign okay well sort
of sure yeah I know there was there was
a lot of hype around Tribes Ascend at
least I'm starting to get exhausted yeah
yeah really good well we I mean I've
come too far we could also just like
Paul no no okay no okay no that's fine
uh yeah Jane left Jay had to go which is
fine wish we could get a psycho nuts -
alright guys I'm about to say something
very controversial I did not like second
house like to be shameful but I haven't
played second Osgoode Eiger dun duh I
did not like it
heydo that was a game that never lets
you have fun with your abilities every
every single level of the game you
learnt a new ability that was applicable
to that level and then you found
yourself not using that ability ever
because you would learn a different
ability for the next level it never lets
you have fun with your abilities and I
was always really upset with that I
never liked Tim Schafer's was an
adventure game guy yeah he was never
famous for his game designed he's he's
great for dialogue and yes not so great
for running a business yes and you know
what Psychonauts is full of personality
the characters are wonderful the the
best
that's classic Tim shape yeah I love
that game I'll put up I'll put up with
some shitty game though man I will of
course you would
oh of course you would
I know I apologize it's just not my
thing
it wasn't my thing I'm the person who
like verbal legend no rich has not had a
death yet this is this is riches no
death run and he's kind of killing it
attempted this a few times in my own
never got past a volcano
okay that's great
did you play anything borderline games
no no I played the first one and I
enjoyed it until until I didn't
which is when which is when I started
grinding my guns it was fine it was fine
game it's like Mad Max right is that
that one kind of got Mad Max on an alien
planet it's it's basically um a gun math
the game and his guns and you find
different guns in him so those guns have
bigger numbers than the guns you have
you take those guns it's fine it's fine
game I'm okay before glance I got bored
of it I got bored with it really quickly
it's over did you just die yeah oh you
died while I was talking about boredom
yes I'm so sorry it's not your fault I
was getting it's 1:30 a.m. I was getting
mentally exhausted I was paying enough
attention to my health supposing there's
they're catching up with to it now no
that was a fart that was far though you
made it really far this is yeah really
really close to the end yeah that's that
that hurts my soul yeah that's all right
yeah this is this is part of the problem
when you want to do a know their
thoroughness is uh that's what makes it
exciting though
exactly exactly see this is great you
know on the episode I talked about the
challenge and dying and there's no
consequences yeah this is the kind of
thing that makes guacamole exciting to
me sure so is is the the metagame the
game that you put on top yeah yeah
meeting myself to no deaths he died did
not you might have missed it because
deaths and respawns are incredibly quick
and guacamelee
you dine from skeleton with a sword ah
that's it no more playing that's the
rules
yeah I you know I know I'm close to the
end but we got a long day tomorrow and
I'm not gonna force Jack to sit here I
know also the stream are yelling at me
to push on but but I thought this was
the rule of the no different is we just
stop whatever you die yeah but chance
think push on gears we rich you rich and
talked about making this a sub series
yes about making the the no death run of
any game of sub series and even if it
lasted two minutes
that's it that's it yes and that's what
makes it interesting so it will continue
yeah well we're gonna call it oh you had
a great name for it god damn it one life
to live
one extra life flavor loves the intros
the life real I only live once your life
you only have one life to live that's it
ree-ally shit game should be any
different you don't have one life to
live one life continue continues or
something something there was something
in there still life that's funny get a
life
more coins
I don't know we did we forget it doesn't
matter yeah yeah alright that's gonna be
it that is gonna be it but thank you so
much for coming out
even though rich failed horribly
no not Orville you did great you did
great
okay you guys have caught up with some
decent names here please coin insert
coin was one of the titles thrown around
for previously recorded yeah yeah but we
decided that not not enough people would
understand the arcade reference I think
something else was called that there may
be another thing that's gonna that could
be that was one we kept going to I
forgot what it was aim something came
something yeah closer you get to the end
the worse you did when you died what the
worship feels I think as it does its
general that's the bow that's the point
this is what made cuz this is
consequences consequences yes this is
what makes owed I hard that's what you
should call it that's a good that easy
not easy no this is what makes modern
roguelike so exciting is you have to
beat it in one life why are we calling
it get a life hey it'll come to me in an
hour
chair before I got a pad sure oh that's
what it was calm
alright well we're leaving but thanks
for coming out again we really
appreciate it and we will see you guys
for Sunday on Sunday for either a or
will we
