Nov 23, 2014
Spelunky, The Binding of Isaac
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43135314
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43135125
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43134921
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43134502
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVbDc2K3oEo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KuWeP7qDlw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZHLXVhk1gE

[Part I]
started streaming we have officially if
it works
things are happening if it works we will
have officially started on time I don't
know if it's worked yet I've hit the
start stream button it's it's loading
it's loading it's loading you know that
means we started right on time I'm sure
everyone's mad then we're late what are
you talking about we started right at
8:30 directly at 8:30 is it loading for
you do you see it oh yeah I see the
crocodile being drawn great great it's
not I need to refresh my page right it's
working what is on the docket today Jack
there there's a lot of things on the
docket today first of all hello
everybody and thank you for coming out
hello thank you for coming yet to our
Sunday spectacular pack and a half game
in stream I hear you all have been
talking with rich about exactly what
kind of computer he needs to buy and SSD
debate continues on Jesus actually now
let's turn into a power supply unit
debate a power and I didn't know there
were different power supply units to be
had different different wattages oh
they're saying I should get you know a
higher one just so I'm future-proof for
upgrades but we'll see what the budget
is I don't I don't know if I can fit it
in there with everything else where
we're running a tight ship on this PC we
are running a tight ship and we are
ordering things tomorrow all pieces arts
will be ordered tomorrow which is very
exciting for rich Evans it might be
later wrong I'm gonna cuz I'm gonna have
to refined all those parts again tonight
do that so we'll see might be it might
be tomorrow evening if that's okay I
mean that's fine I don't care
okay I don't care you just send me what
you whenever you're ready rich yes you
send me all the PC parts oh I'm excited
so seeing Nordahl knob says he built a
really good PC for 805
three dollars yeah well this earning our
budgets a little bit higher than that
but that's around the time our yeah
that's a that's around what we're
looking at
I take donations there was a joke on
Twitter today about taking donations so
I could keep doing my Michael Caine
impression and what I said was it'll be
a dollar yeah you get to donate a dollar
and I'll do Michael Caine impression and
then you have to donate fifteen dollars
for me to stop yeah I know I know hold
on I'm doing the official live tweets of
the stream which I know is everybody's
favorite part byung-ki that how you
spells and we're playing spelunky by the
way they were they were all hoping for
brawl I know and I was thinking about it
because I do have brawl and I've not
it's not brawl it's just super smash
brothers you wear Smash Brothers either
actually I have it I've been playing it
all weekend of course I love it everyone
knows I love it and I'll be talking
about it today but you know we just did
the Mario Kart age stream last week and
I don't want it I didn't want it to be
too like the fuck then - oh my god what
the fuck indeed devil weasels thank you
for subscribing um oh I forgot I forgot
that I was live tweeting rich you have
to fill time you always always have to
fill them yeah yeah so uh I started
watching Gotham it's fine
Gotham is fine I know people have said
it's the worst thing to happen to Batman
and it's awful I'm curious why you feel
that way what what is this show that you
think it shouldn't be that's an
interesting way to put that question reg
they named drop a lot of future Batman
villains but I mean without that and if
you
like ordinary cases it's just CSI with
James Gordon that's all you have you
take out young Bruce Wayne and you take
out you know the penguin and whoever
else is gonna be a villain
you just have CSI with James Gordon at
that point it may as well not be James
Gordon and just watch this night octo J
saying penguin is really good in it
Thanks finding it know is he like the
main bad guy like who's the main he's a
prominent bad gathers these mobs
shenanigans in general I assume that
they're not actual shenanigans like not
like I would call them shenanigans okay
vying for power
backstabbing so-and-so plotting against
so-and-so that's not shenanigans though
that's like crime like shenanigans like
we're stealing candy from the grocery
store or you know that's that's just
crime like the backstabbing and the
plots
yeah that's crime shenanigans okay
that's fine and you know what that's
fine yes yes Catwoman is fucking
everywhere so what I'm Catwoman is a
great character mmm you know you know
what else I kind of love about the show
what young young Bruce Wayne okay Bruce
Wayne at like 12 years old but I don't I
don't think any media has ever dealt
with Batman at that age it's always
always you go to origin and then you
either go to like twenty-year-old Batman
training to be a ninja or early Batman
but you never see the early bits how
Bruce Wayne gets there and what he was
like immediately after the tragedy sure
and that has all been intensely
interesting to me that's great a quick
shout-out to mr. snuggles 54 thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it now saying
that that James Gordon is girlfriend is
annoying oh okay so one one bad thing
here's the thing with Gordon's fiancee
in the show their marriage is doomed to
failure and
point they're going to get divorced so
she may as well be slightly obnoxious is
she I'm sorry not are they not married
and I don't think in the show they are
engaged sure but is she not missus
they're divorced oh okay in the comic
they're divorced okay yes okay well yeah
that's how little I know about like
Batman lore if I'm going glitchy that's
not Jack's fault that is skypes fault
that is my Internet's fault what are
they saying
I saying I'm cutting out and doing weird
things sometimes you sound a little bit
glitchy want the fuck indeed Oh God
thank you for subscribing and you know
what I was gonna say I agree appreciate
it you said Oh grata I was gonna say ah
Groot no you're probably right
and with au gratin anyway well you know
something I was going to say is I
believe after after we get done oh my
god I think the call with rich Evans has
just failed rich rich what was that okay
so you know and like did you hit like
the callback button or no no I didn't
hit the callback button either that's
that weird so do you know what's gonna
happen after we build you a new PC
what's gonna happen is uh-oh
rich is in a cave again oh and now is
the time when we reconnect all right
hold on turn down for rich beep boop
doop boop boop hey guys I restarted the
stream is rich audible again yes can I
be heard no are things okay
we're gonna get there we're gonna get
there and then as soon as we have
confirmation that you can hear rich so
rich and say a little something advanced
you know I'm not gonna tap-dance I know
we've done the gag twice and that's
that's really enough I think oh yes he
is what riches mike has been nerfed yep
extremes over everybody go home Oh rich
is good now great okay so the the very
next thing we are going to do is get
better internet for rich I don't that
could be helped I have any options well
you know we'll look into it we are gonna
officially look into internet for rich
and bolstering my internet because most
internet packages only cater to download
speed you know like you know how much
information can get to you but of course
we are interested in uploads see my my
internet comes with the apartment I'm
actually not paying for the internet
that is just part of my rent oh really
so I don't I don't know that I'm even
able to switch plans we are gonna look
into that rich oh you're gonna
officially live into that and now you
know I don't I don't like the idea of
switching even if I could I don't like
the idea of switching away from fries
well it will still be free to you okay
okay you're hearing velcro right now
because I realize I haven't plugged in
my laptop I read all the technical Alize
plug-in in my laptop do do do do do it
will still be free to you it will be
part of the which money that we get will
get because obviously like if you're if
right now if your internet is having a
hard time skyping me how do you think
it's gonna be streaming
right oh my god what what is going on
Jack
think about that for a second I lost my
headphones oh how can you have one more
thing hey I need my controller cuz I'm
gonna play I'm gonna start playing the
game while we talk about this is a
general this is like a general problem
of mine whenever we stream is like I
just get so used to talking do you
I forget that we're supposed to be
playing video games and that's fine as
far as the chats concerned but I'm not
complaining I like Gotham I think that's
good yeah oh you're right if you had a
if you had a solid-state drive it would
fix that issue you guys yeah you guys
okay hold on first sudden it's a very
first thing I need to do is pour myself
a snack for anyone wondering I'm going
to be drinking a left-handed Brewing
Company Milk Stout nitro that's this is
one of the most beautiful stout like
it's almost like a porter it's just a
beautiful beer very smooth very like
chocolaty ah left-handed Brewing Company
Milk Stout nitro ok great
I am together we are gonna start with
still in key
yeah Leung key and that off and then
well he's blinking great I like you know
what I like
stouts in the winter like stouts in the
winter nice thick beer
Jen for anyone for anyone wondering John
kilo is drinking a generic brand seltzer
water no that's
thank you John kilo first first game I'm
gonna stream jak button checkers I mean
it kind of free stream of a checkers it
absolutely needs to be it absolutely
needs to be okay so for anyone wondering
about me and spelunky Oh first can we
get a little like just make sure like
you can hear the game audio you can hear
me everything you can hear everything
we're gonna see you and I want to see if
we're getting do to do Decker's checkers
hype yes send you okay yeah big in here
great dick the birthday something we
should something we should get out of
okay well no dick the birthday boy
before I talk about that what I want to
say is I have I've played this game
extensively on my Vita this was one of
the very first games that I got for my
Vita and I loved it
I hunted percentage on my feet I've I
have not even touched it on the PC
except for right now so that's why I
like nothing's unlocked you know I I
will probably stumble a lot because it's
been a while since I played it but I did
unlock everything Movida so so that's
that and then on to the real discussion
for today which is whose kids were those
in the 101 wacky kids video very
important question right don't you think
no no really
no no by the way it's not a really
important question
those are my children yeah I can just
when actors doesn't matter it doesn't
matter
it doesn't matter but yes those are my
kids
and you are the birthday boy how do you
think that video turned out I thought it
was really funny Jay did send it to me
you know for approval before posting it
and I thought it was really funny how
uncomfortable it was really yeah does
does Jackson hate me now
no no cuz he gave me cookies so he's hot
I couldn't I couldn't blame him you know
so it dick the birthday boy is asking
specifically no no Packer no Parker dick
the birthday boy Parker Packard all
right great I picked up the journal
and that's a good thing that I guess
it's been a what like I said it's been
so long since I played it this is like
all tutorial oh god I have to go through
all this again I forget how to do most
of this game but that's okay
watching rich remember not to swear was
worth the watch remember when that
happened there was a point in which you
see you were you were gonna say like god
damn it and you go god darn it right
true tray revolve 2/6 thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it I
remember that first episode of prereq we
filmed yeah and it was like right right
one your wife was walking in the door
with the kids I was saying fuck that was
horribly embarrassing right yeah they
didn't hear it it's fine everything's
fine
Parker Packard yes
because I'm a fan of comic books
therefore I am a fan of alliteration in
names I don't know why it was such a big
deal to everyone but time that is fine
you know I didn't get the Jackson until
Karen pointed it out today that he's Jax
the son well no jack I mean Jackson
isn't you know that's a name that's not
necessarily why we named him that but
that's fine that's fine these tutorial
levels right button also the the other
big news lately oh my god wait beer yeah
way bigger news than anything else has
it have you revealed this news yet no
okay go ahead
thinking about the same thing apparently
I am immune to biscuit for the most part
that's right I have been over to the
Packard household and at some point I
had mild throat irritation which may or
may not have been related to death but
but I was fine with no medication of any
kind yes rich
oh and I die rich came over over the
weekend we played some games there is
indeed a magical cat I have a magical
cat
it's magical cat it's the only
explanation I can think of it is the
first cat that rich has not been
allergic to and that's great so by the
way this kit is now approved by rich
Evans oh he loves cats now this is a
real thing this is a real thing since
bird says oh my fucking god rich Evans
has overcome biology yeah yeah biscuit
has overcome biology this kid is a
Siberian cat
and you know I did not touch the cat I
was not attempting to tempt fate that's
smart
yeah now you don't want to met you don't
want to mess with things too much but
you were over and you were over for a
good long while
yeah hours and nothing nothing so I feel
great about that so all the shit you
gave me about getting a cat even though
you're allergic you can suck it I guess
is what I'm saying all right why isn't
why am I so mean Adam yes I don't know
I keep expecting this we like spelunker
where you can't fall more than your
character tank oh I and there is you you
there is fall damage in this okay I just
haven't done it yet so you know and it's
belong car you like die instantly
mmm-hmm oh if you fall at all that's a
if you fall like further than you are
tall it doesn't it doesn't feel like a
very long drop but you will die
you tell oh you tell me that for a rock
okay I'm just going through the tutorial
levels and of course like I've already
I've already done all this so it's this
is good because I have not played
spelunky in quite some time so it's all
good for me to do warm me up
build me up buttercup
Oh oh no I forgot about that this didn't
seem that hard so far no no this is the
treatise doing tutorial stuff but this
is just the tutorial we'll get to that
we'll get to the hard stuff the fun
stuff
rich why haven't you had allergy shots
because I live in the United States
that's my answer Canadians might not
have to worry about that I have to worry
about that
your kids watch subs or dubs neither
right because we you have to pay for
medical stuff here this is the thing
that's a that's an important question
Clem Fandango is do my kids know how to
hunker down yes rich and I have taught
them how to hunker down we're working on
getting on the roof or superior tactics
right now but yeah
Jackson was hunkering down what I was
trying to tell him jokes right he was
very much hunkered down his hands over
his eyes because you know we can't see
him that way yeah
Oh Mike microfibre militia is saying he
had the brac album from Cartoon Network
on brac show when he was a kid and he
loves it that's right it's great okay
oh we're starting the game now we are
officially starting the game now
tutorial stuff is over the toriel stuff
is over we are now in the game we're
gonna see how much of this comes back to
me well your character looks entirely
different
oh yeah cuz now I'm now I'm this funky
guy who are you before I was the
tutorial guy this is different character
yes
that's a weird uh yeah it's explained in
some backstory that I skipped where like
the tutorial guy was the guy that like
firsts explored these caves and whatnot
okay
and you know now I'm exploring the caves
so it doesn't matter why are you
dragging around that woman with stars
over your head so you rescue damsels and
you're free damsel you rescue you get
another health point if you look up in
the top of left corner you'll see a
little heart yeah and that's that's my
health and you know so that's how many
hits I get basically okay and obviously
if I get to zero I die and the run is
over
so we don't want to do that and for
every damsel you rescue you you get
another helpline a store right so I
remember even what is great
there's no all right well how are the
roguelike elements in this what what are
you upgrade no it's very the Roblin
camel elements are like if you look
above me in the store here there's all
these different items yes so all the so
the level is randomly generated and the
items in the store are randomly
generated oh my god I can't believe I
did that you're gonna see what just
happened in a second it was pretty
amazing all the items in the store are
randomly generated and so that's the
roguelike and of course you only get
doing a one life to get all the way to
the end
what are the one of the items do
different things
well that's right you can jump on things
oh my god I remember it's it's all
coming back to me now right it's all
coming back to me okay okay all right
been a while um items do different
things there's some really powerful
items that cost a lot of money on
cartoon uh I'm sorry I'm trying to catch
up on the chat in between levels are you
guys talking about like in the 1800s
so the 80s are overrated and they're
they're definitely not know if you
thought that's impossible for the 80s to
be overrated why is it impossible yeah
cuz there's never gonna be at least at
least as far as movies are concerned
there's never gonna be a better decade
than the eighties you think yeah it's
never gonna be topped that's bold a bold
statement rich eighties 80s were the
best movie decade I'm putting my foot
down
Wow all right you're back to the futures
gremlins everything good came out of the
eighties terminators one Lynx first one
did not look first one more anyway
because I'm weird like that you like the
first Terminator over what over the
second one I think there's an argument
for that I think there's definitely an
argument for that predator their to
differ you know what the first
Terminator in the second Terminator are
two different movies mmm the first
Terminator you know I think a lot like
we talked about like alien and aliens
being two different movies yeah
Terminator and Terminator 2 are the same
okay so or anyone paying attention right
now and is wondering what the heck I'm
playing
I guess I should get into a little bit
of gushing with that just because I'm
just going so one important thing to
note is this gray Alima Bob right here
right underneath me
that is a arrow trap and if I step in
front of that it shoots an arrow at me
and I lose a life some people are good
enough to deflect it with their whip I'm
a see I'm not but that's okay because I
got that extra kiss and so I should be
good you can jump on enemies heads which
I just did and if you jump on an enemy
head it negates your fall which is very
important
oh my god well good thing what good
thing rich good thing is happening a
good thing is happening I don't know
what I should be explaining here what I
shouldn't be as much as you want as much
as I want or feel like I need to right
yes this game is entirely Greek to me
right so I just unlocked a character
these characters come in a little
coffins and I just unlocked another
character skin which doesn't do much but
adds another character's getting to play
as there's bragging rights yeah
it's not here so chad is now saying what
was the best decade for cartoons or at
least somebody in the chat did and I
think I think just by virtue of Batman
the Animated Series alone you have to
say the 90s I would base on based on
that one thing I would absolutely agree
with that but I mean like not just not
just Batman like the the spy the 90
spider-man cartoon was bad oh you shut
the hell up that was a great spider-man
just terrible the x-men the 90s x-men
was there the tick eek yeah cat yeah
there were some beautiful stuff
happening in the night Animaniacs
Animaniacs what Simpsons were
technically 80s right mother heyday was
in the 90s some started in 89 so mmm I
guess the eighties get that one so what
is your problem with the 90s spider-man
that's just cheesy stupid I mean no no
it was oh here it is here it is guys
this is happening oh no it's not
happening it will be happening this
right here this jetpack item is the item
you need it's a jetpack so one of the
hardest things about this game is kind
of traversing you know like jumping all
the obstacles I'm about to buy a jetpack
item which gives me a jetpack which is
great Oh
that means I can move around a lot
easier I can go back for treasures that
I previously didn't get I can get around
enemies that I normally couldn't and I
just died great ah cuz I wasn't thinking
but now you see my character slowly get
impaled on spikes so Jenga
assuming I'm assuming you were a fairly
big fan that of ninety spider-man I am a
big fan of ninety spider-man yeah
somebody in the chat has said something
that is going probably to ask you a
question about that show okay
they mentioned spider-man comforting age
a dying child did that happen in the
nineties Carter comforting a dying child
yeah or are they just cuz if that
happened in the nineties show that's
pretty neat but that was originally a
comic book story in the 80s spider-man
Peter Partlow spider-man goes to a
hospital room it was a kid and he
basically this story was an excuse to
retell spider-man's war it was like a
recap but he goes to the sick kid in the
hospital and he basically tells him
everything
mmm about how his powers work about his
origin that eventually at the end he
even reveals that he's Peter Parker and
the twist is that the kid is dying he's
got he's got leukemia he's Peter Parker
he's visited the kid in a terminal
cancer ward and before he dies because
the kid was a spider-man fan he just
visited him and told him everything and
it's kind of a nice little sentimental
story and I will give the 90 show credit
if they adapted that faithfully oh um I
don't remember that storyline
specifically is my answer but I mean it
wouldn't surprise me they did you know
they got they got weird 90's cartoons
especially he's like superhero cartoons
got a little weird with it sometimes so
it would not surprise me okay I can I
can neither confirm nor deny the
allegations of spider-man assisting a
sick kid
okay okay I know verdict on that
rich where do you see yourself in 150
years dead ain't that the truth
not for any malicious reason just
because you know I'll be dead dad
I think this almost did bed 150 s
science doesn't move forward that
quickly like we're probably gonna live
longer than you know our our parents
slash grandparents but not that's a to
emerge Evans so I probably won't but
either way either way you know what
either way yeah Ren and Stimpy that was
another 90s cartoon and these were a
great time for cartoon
did you lose your backpack did I lose my
one your backpack your jet pack iodine
okay I wasn't paying that much attention
no and you know what like I have not
been doing a good job of explaining so
every time you die it's it's a roguelike
so you start over 100% from scratch the
way this works is it has four levels of
these mines then there are four levels
of jungle then there are four levels of
caves then there are four or then there
are three levels of the like the ancient
temple and then you have to fight the
big bad boss and you have to do this all
in one life none of this stuff is good
enough to buy so like then you get like
these different items pasted this makes
you have sticky bombs instead of just
regular bombs big bomb box gets more
bombs and bombs amount of bombs none of
that stuff is exceptionally worth it
okay I am I'm also like I'm rushing a
little bit because this does have a
slight timed element to it really yeah
like a kind of like FTL where you know
you you have you have the the fleet's
that rebel fleet coming after you right
so you can't you can't just doddle all
the live long day if you spend too long
on a level the ghost comes after you oh
and the ghosts insta kills you fun okay
see what I'm doing here I get a pop I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna drop the pot and
trip the arrow trap the no teller won't
get me and and that's you know that is
super strategy super tactics and MLG
tactics right there
what's the fucking D fridge
shiny metal ass 44 thank you for
subscribing we appreciate it
we really do so the ghost insta kills
you but what the ghost also does and if
once I'm once I'm feeling up to it what
the ghost also does is whenever the
ghost passes over a gem like that's why
that's what I'm doing you like I'm
collecting gold and I'm collecting gems
so then I can buy stuff in this door
whenever the ghosts pass over a gem it
turns into a rare white gem which is
worth a lot of money okay and so there
is a strategy there's a ghosting
strategy or getting the ghost to come
out having it cross over some gems
evading it and then and then leaving
which I'm not
I'm not feeling up to just yet because
still still get into the groove of this
but eventually I'll show you that
because it's fun
this key is important I the chest was in
the other level I think but it's all
there's there's so much little like
right now I'm literally just out far
right now I'm just concentrating I'm
kind of getting as far as I can just to
get my eye still wonky legs back that
I'm not doing any any of the little
stuff you know a lot like like FTL a lot
like any of the good roguelikes there
are a bunch of like random things that
equal unlocking stuff in the game this
game after the final boss Olmec the a
giant you know Mayan head he's that he's
technically the final boss okay after
the final boss you can go to hell and
and fight a nut and there's more levels
in another boss more craziness but in
order to do that you need to randomly
get a bunch of stuff and hurt me know
and purposely like do a bunch of things
that a sane person would not do in this
game
yes this Killa you can blow up the big
spiders oh here's a fun thing here's a
fun thing this is a sacrificial altar
the the damsel that you rescue you can
choose to sacrifice the damsel on this
altar and you can get an item that
sounds wrong yeah it's really funny I
don't I don't know if like I don't know
if I would do that in a game engine it
can get you good got to be the hero it
can get you really good stuff rich oh
yeah I gotta be the hero you say that
until there's a possibility of getting a
jetpack on one of them then you say yeah
I got enough hearts I could turned up
good things and games before because I I
didn't want to kill the innocent yeah
cuz we gotta be beginning bad be there
oh no rich I don't know if I can get
behind this sometimes you got to be the
smart guy sometimes you have to
sacrifice in the name of greater
treasure that's a real thing I hate I
hate to bring up Mass Effect again but
this will be brief bring it up there is
a level in Mass Effect 2 where there's
people on fire you can either stop the
fire or or go down a different path and
if you go down the different paths you
get an early machine-gun upgrade okay
that's fuckin awesome
hmm I always skip it as much as the way
I play I usually use the soldier class
okay
the machine gun would be incoming handy
very much come in handy always pass it
up because you want to be the hero oh
yes and that ends talking about mass
effect today but I really talk about my
Mass Effect that was talking about
heroism in games shut up Bob rich
talking about Mass Effect again there's
a valid point
oh oh oh no I died how did I die i died
somehow
Oh a caveman pummeled me to death
apparently well shit
rich would be the dumb guy in the zombie
movie that runs cross town to save his
family face it rich let's say this was
real life and the zombies came
what does not go to check on your family
when you would you really not do that no
you know I would like obviously family
you run across town to check on one
hundred percent but if it's some random
lady or dude you know if it's some
random somebody and like it's the
difference between them and getting you
know a shotgun I'm gonna think twice
about that Oh God I'm not saying I would
do it I'm just gonna think twice about
it well you know I guess I'm just a
better person than you jack that's
really true it should be known that I'm
a terrible asshole that should be known
I'm Wesley Crusher it says rich Evans is
the data jack is the Wesley Crusher um
maybe you're the data they just creepy
yeah I guess it makes sense I don't know
about data you don't know about data
it's a fine character I wouldn't want to
be dating okay I think data is better
than Wesley Crusher I was like fresh or
at least has emotions he Wesley Crusher
would give a shit if somebody he was
close to died data by his very nature
would not right I was like they did one
of those I think it was in the episode I
forgot the name of the damn it so now
were Worf kept going into parallel
universes that were similar but
different jerk and then one of them like
Geordi had recently died and they're
just standing around and you know they
fired by Jordi's body and data's just
doesn't give a fuck he's currently
creepy is what I'm saying
sure alright you know what I'll give you
that I'll give you that I have been
sacrificing my damsel to trip arrow
traps
she hasn't died the damn boy gets a
couple hit puddings and so you know
that's not too bad that's not too bad
she hasn't died she's just a little
injured you know if I sacrifice her we
can both make it out these are the tough
decisions you have to make rich I did
you know people are noticing that I just
did that now dropping the danja damsel
you know I haven't played this game
before and I kind of thought that's what
was going on yeah I didn't say it's true
cuz you know you know how to make those
sacrifices also my damsel you have the
option of randomly you can choose your
damsel in this game whether you want it
to be a girl a guy or a puppy and so I
have mine set to random
it will randomly be a girl a guy or a
puppy okay just in case you see a puppy
and are wondering why there's a puppy in
the game uh why Hey so is getting a kiss
the only way to restore health later on
in the game there are special trinkets
that can restore health Oh what but yeah
early on I kiss see you basically
regaining health from this game is
difficult
oh very difficult what the fuck
indeed alejandro 42 thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it do I disagree
with Mike about parallels being the
worst episode yes but Mike Mike Mike
Mike you know I know I know why Mike
doesn't like the episode why he Mike
doesn't like that episode he hates the
very concept of parallel universes he
Mike hates the thought that out there
but there are an infinite different
number of Mike's no clauses that he
hates that thought so that's that's why
Mike hates parallels jerk
yeah it kind of does a slap in the face
of human individuality yes freedom of
choice that kind of stuff I could see I
could see anyone hating the idea of
parallel universes yeah yeah and and
before in the store I bought spiky boots
which makes it easier to kill those
large enemies like the big spider so I
could just kill them in a couple hops
this time I am going to wait for the
ghost I have these two nice gems right
here okay easy easy ghost bait and so
I'm gonna just kind of wait for the
ghosts so you can see what the ghost
looks like and I figure if the ghost
comes in over on this side I'm over here
it'll get the gems I might need to use a
rope but I have rope so yeah I should
use a probe
like you know like in any roguelike your
equipments your bombs your hearts all
very valuable things and so like using a
rope or using a bomb
oh here's the ghost hey ghost nothing
ghost touches you you die let me very
slow so I'm gonna coax him over to these
jewels good turn the jewels it's a she
actually the ghost is a she gotta turn
the jewels white so then I can jump over
get them easy money and that's easy
money so then I coax the ghost up here
and quick drop down and eggs I love that
ghost sprite and it is she is it's great
yes
oh that's right alejandra 42 says if you
use if you get the camera the camera
momentarily stuns the ghost and that's
how we know it's a girl because if you
take a picture of the ghost it has like
big red puffy lips and eye shadow and
does a little pose and that's done okay
okay
it's pretty cute but the camera is
mostly useless
because if you know how to get around
the ghost you don't need the camera in
the first place
and and you know like if I get a camera
for free I would take it but I would
never I would never ever pay for a
camera right
they always have something with you pro
tip for all you spelunky players like
they have these rocks just lying around
always have a rock with you you know why
you can throw it at something you can
throw it at something and OMS but
whatever I think love oh I do have a
club
I got an item and I forgot that I had it
because it's an item I don't much care
for it's a catcher's mitt and it makes
you throw straight instead of normally
you throw kind of like on a curve huh
and it catches him it makes you throw
straight okay okay so I would like I
would like to play this game this is a
really fun game you should play this
game I if it's not clear I highly
recommend spelunky incredibly tight
platformer like the the movement the
character is great so then we have this
golden idol that's right here right huh
you can take this gold medal and get
money for it but it makes a boulder fall
down and that Boulder you know destroy
stuff and chases you and you can die
here's real pro tip if the boulder hits
the shop that's right below it the
shopkeeper will go insane and try to
kill you for the rest of the game wait
if you do what if you anger the
shopkeeper for the rest of the game he
will try to film you so you can't buy
anything so you can't not only can you
not buy anything he will hunt you with a
shotgun for the rest of the game yeah
same let me just cuz of the visual style
of this game the theme and the name I
kept expecting something like a a
randomly generated spelunker you know I
don't know what spelunker is I guess
it's just an old platformer that's kind
of bad okay Oh cuz cavemen yeah those
are cavemen and what you what you see
there is like I just got I just used a
key and opened up a treasure chest and
got like a little I next to my money
that is the eye of Olmec and you need
that to get into the secret shop okay
that's in the next level and if you get
in the secret shop and have enough money
you can buy the ankh which you then used
in the ice cave levels which you have to
strategically die on a level and then
the ankh revitalizes you uh-huh and if
you use that you get another item that
you use in the temple level to get you
to the temple of gold to get you another
item so you can get to hell which is a
real thing that happens in the game so
basically what I need to do now what I'm
waiting for now while I was waiting for
that is um is I need to decide whether
or not I need to donate to the tunnel
man and if I give him some money I think
I love so so now basically I can start
the game in the jungle instead of having
to go through the mine okay which is
important just if you're looking for
like an Olmec kill but uh and you don't
get any of the items that would unlock
the secret lover that way exactly
exactly you don't get any of the good
stuff and of course like you get a ton
of money
yo it's literally I'm just doing it to
get the the achievement the unlock in
the game you know okay get off me monkey
stupid fucking monkey come on oh oh the
monkey made me throw Oh God rich the
monkey I don't know what that means
stupid monkey I'm gonna sacrifice this
dude here's the damsel in this level is
a dude and he wears like a little
g-string sacrifice to know he's the
damsel he's who were supposed to be
rescuing kid I sacrifice him I got
compass which is pretty important now
there is a big red arrow on my screen
that points to the exit which might not
seem like a big deal but later on in the
game very big deal I'm assuming you've
never played Maximo - let alone Maximo
one and I played neither PlayStation ok
they they have people you can rescue in
that game reminds me of that ok
come across people yelling for help and
the monsters are trying to kill them I'm
gonna fight the monsters off ok
this right here is a really fun thing if
anyone oh oh there's a shop there's a
secret chat bridge this is very exciting
but for anyone interested that little
red guy is a worms but and if you throw
the damsel on the worms but I you
there's a secret worm level which is
really fun you get anything supercool
for the secret worm level yeah if you do
the secret worm level there's this if
you do the secret worm level you get
like a knife that will instantly kill
any enemy oh that sounds like a good
thing yeah but you already sacrificed a
guy
I already sacrificed a guy and I'm not
gonna do this was stupid no no I wanted
I wanted I got a compass and I got the
secret job I got the I got the black
market which is very exciting as the
black market has a ton of stuff on of
items oh one of the shops that can
randomly generate is this brothel Oh
which you know just sells kisses which
is hilarious
so obviously what I'm looking for is a
jet pack a jet pack who they have a
climbing love this game looks kind of
great it's it's more than kind of grain
rage this is super fantastic I I need to
get me some spelunky yes you do yes you
do ok this shop has an has a decent item
an item in which I will just have to use
because they don't have a jet pack which
is the climbing globe and the climbing
glove turns you into spider-man you
stick to walls so now I can stick to
walls like that I might know I don't
have enough for the shack kind of like I
might want to buy oh I hit my bombs
I don't have any bombs if you can get
your hands on a shotgun pretty good
should buy bombs because you'll need
bombs so what does it was that real a
fortunate thing do it's it's a game of
chance I'll go back to the wheel of
fortune thing oh you can also buy a
helper if you buy this helper he'll eat
stuff up for you and grab treasure for
you the Wheel of Fortune thing gets you
money big money or the prize that's
behind the door which right now is a
pickaxe and a pickaxe means you can
break through rock and like if you
notice in the rock there's all like
these jewels and gold in the rocks huh
so if you have the pickaxe you can get
that really if not you have to
to have these little military guy here
and you don't want to blow up the store
I'm gonna bomb right here just so I can
jump down in the military guy but if you
blow up any part of the store the
shopkeeper comes after you okay be very
careful with your bomb placements around
shops oh and I fucked up what I got it's
okay I have a boomerang now which is a
fine weapon now oh shit the ghost
gibberish it says the steamed false Hill
starts in a few days hmm hmm yeah I I
just bought it today well I'm PC cause
like I said I've only played it on my
Vita yeah but I have so many hours this
was a game I was obsessed with for a
long time and I just bought it today on
Steam just play it today and I love it I
love this game
the Cybermen could take out a Borg or
two and then it's over no the Cybermen
could not take out any Borg because
they're machines the board would hack
them right away come on get it together
the Borg would adapt yeah yeah but I
don't know I'm assuming there are many
more Borges in the universe and there
are Cybermen and a fake now
birds have themselves a pretty big
Empire yeah that is true
sooner or later they will own the Milky
Way and they will consume the Federation
it's a matter of time unless you can go
back in time and stop the Borg Queen I
mean they're there all throughout pretty
much the Delta Quadrant right pretty
much I mean they they own a large chunk
of land there yeah if if Voyager is
canon which of course it is they started
in the Delta Quadrant who we helped her
Thanks new character in life super funny
PES that is read full Davis unless the
Federation all the fire at the same
place yes first contact is a beloved and
it might be my least favorite oh man
that's where that's where the next gen
movies fully turned into action schlock
and that movie just completely ruins the
Borg absolutely yeah I mean it started
the ruination of the Borg like you know
the Voyager put the last nails in the
Borg being with someone cool I don't
think the Borg showed up in Voyager
until after first contact I was that
true yeah it just killed my helper by
the way and then the Borg Queen is just
the worst idea of all time anything that
was creepy about the bar was the fact
that they're a collective one giant
collective yes no no what you put a
queen on that a face a head boss to
fight
you've ruined them absolutely
absolutely they were they were a group
thinking only of the collective and hell
yeah no there was they were the best
enemy but that's what by the way that's
just what happens with time if you love
something eventually they'll mess it up
that's the lessons of life that's the
lessons of life for anyone who is like a
Doctor Who fan doctor who had one of the
greatest creepiest villains of all time
in the weeping angels they were in one
episode of Doctor Who and they were
statues yeah and the statues would only
move if you weren't looking at them
that was their shtick huh and so if you
looked at them say they would be still
in these statues and the second you
blinked if you turned away if you
blinked they would move and so yeah they
would have these great like cuts worth
like the lights would flicker on and off
and on and the angels would move and
like be an attack position they were the
creepiest fucking thing in the world and
then they spent episodes like with more
and more angels because everyone thought
they were the coolest enemy and now
they're the fuck what the fuck in deed
select amo select demo
I think it's selectable oh I like some
selectable let's go with you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do yeah they did a whole they
did a whole run on the angel on the
weeping angels where then it was
revealed that the Statue of Liberty was
a Weeping Angel and it walked through
New York it was the dumbest thing in the
world yes
what cancel yeah
it was the dumbest thing it was this
beautifully creepy enemy and they messed
it up because that's what happens with
time okay I've made it now to the ice
caves whoo there's a worm level in the
ice caves but I don't think I'm gonna go
I have decent items for this run by the
way I'm feeling good about the number of
items that I have
I think I'm just gonna barrel through
what's important for me it's really
important for the ice caves is to have
these these cleats shoes because there's
ice in the ice caves and you slip and
also the ice caves like are known for
having pretty barren landscape and so
because I have the climbing gloves I can
spider-man my way up some walls and look
around and look for treasure right I'm
feeling fairly confident about this run
which means that I'm gonna mess up at
any moment
okay for anyone paying attention and to
Jack in his I got three parts I only
have three hearts yeah but because I
have the climbing gloves I can go back
up for that lady oh no I can even just
go get it right now so here's a lady so
we're gonna take it a lady and rescue
that girl gonna play a little bit of
rescue that damsel great great all right
moffat the Moffatt and Mo fucked
everything you're absolutely right
Lindsey yo yo they're the guy who used
to just be like a writer for doctor who
took over as showrunner and the the very
second he took over a showrunner it was
a different show and and everybody
noticed I I can't speak much on Doctor
Who I tried to get into that first
season when they did the repo yeah I got
about two-thirds into it and I just
couldn't care enough anymore additional
episodes I'm sorry yeah sorry about you
sure wasn't for babe sure no it's just
you know like going for it
going for the gold
climbing gloves oh yeah climbing gloves
it's where it's at going I'm going for
some stuff here Ridge right here yeah
doing some stuff
yeah if you're like if you're going into
the ice caves you need yourself a pair
of climbing gloves or jet pack because
then the world is yours this is a
grappling hook an item or do you start
with that or yeah those are ropes okay
those are ropes and you know you can
collect those and they're pretty easy to
pick up so they were limited limited use
kind of thing
I lost my damsel yeah limited ones once
you use once you use one it's done
forever I thank you
how'd you lose the damsel - I fell too
far oh I fell too far and and then I
dropped the damsel and he woke up before
I did so then he walked off a cliff
because that's what the Hamill's do in
this game once you rescue them they they
just they walk around aimlessly and so
they can get killed by things and watch
just walk into the nothingness oh that
sounds horrible
yeah and then he so he walked off a
cliff and landed on a mine okay the
kedai died from fall damage yeah they
can and you can oh and look and now
there's aliens and not others aliens in
the game because that is another thing
in this game there is a secret alien
level how do you how do you get the
secret alien level we'll see if we can
find it here's the Oso by the way if you
go through all the crazy stuff and you
get the ankh this is the level that you
have to purposefully die on then you get
resurrected in this to go to them
oh my god it's what did a done thing I
forgot about something so there's tiny
alien saucers yeah I don't know if
you're seeing them yet yeah you're
probably saying that I've seen a few of
them yes and alien saucers are like any
other enemies you can jump on them you
can whip them and they

[Part II]
I forgot about that oh I'm a big dumb
dummy
chat saying time for biding of issac now
we're gonna see if we can get a little
bit farther I'd like to at one time I
was really good at this game and a lot
of it is coming back to the muscle
memory of course I've also never played
it on an Xbox 360 controller but the
muscle memory is coming back I'd like to
see if I can get even if I can get back
to like vana as level as the temple you
know just so people can see all the love
that's always fun if I can make it to
Olmec and yeah whenever you're done
that's fine by me because that means I
get to go shop for computer parts so by
which I guess it's taking every ounce of
my build power to stay home I we
appreciate that
we appreciate your sacrifice
in the name of entertaining all these
fine people ah okay didn't get me yes
son of a bitch oh fuck you I forgot
about that two skeletons all these
people who showed up late and you're
asking questions that got answered like
an hour ago what are they talking about
the kids in the the joke book video oh
yeah they want to know about those kids
yeah we already talked about that we
bought them from from Asian slavers we
just threw them out I did see I did see
an important question now which is
whether or not I let my kids so by the
way to end the joke yes they're my
children
even though I did like your Asian flavor
joke that was funny
the question I saw in the chat was
whether or not I let them watch red
letter media content the answer is no
you know why cuz I'm a good parent I did
let them watch this video they really
enjoyed watching they they got a real
kick out of watching this video even
even even Jackson because he looks so
miserable he was laughing harder than
everyone really and then we kept you
know looking like don't you remember
like how much you dislike this and he's
like no that he goes he said that guy's
funny I think talking to himself well
it's fine but no no red letter media
content is inappropriate for children
their age if I do not let them watch it
that's fine okay nevermind rich says
it's fine you know you know when I
watched when it was new and I I don't
think I was I was barely I might not
even have been ten years old yet what
robocop okay fucking Robocop when
they're 10 I'll let them watch Robocop
just two just for you right you know
when I was growing up nobody cared if I
watched an r-rated movie and I'm fine
yeah yeah I know
out of my way not to harm flies and you
know that Jack you've seen it not only
have I seen it I I protested against it
he'll all the Flies you can that's what
I said see what the chat doesn't know is
instead of just smashing if Y what I
will do is I will take disposable Cup
and I will actually try to catch the fly
in the cup to let it outside yeah this
is a real thing which does yes yes
and I grew up watching r-rated movies I
didn't turn into a violent psychopath
right I turn into a man who literally
wouldn't hurt a fly
yes child-bride asks if I let my kids
watch Adam Sandler movies no no I do not
they are also inappropriate for children
one day I hope to share with them the
genius that is Billy Madison because I
really do enjoy that movie there's a lot
of stuff I'm looking forward to sharing
with them as they get older but you know
that do you want to get over
which which you are not fine you are a
punch line
well oh that's kind of mean it is kind
of mean man why is why you're even here
that's the real question say why why
bother
hahaha like you know what you're getting
into with these right that's fine lots
of big spiders but I have lots of bombs
it's okay
I would abandon for saying that right
you're much more lenient than I I got a
thick skin that's good you know what
that's good that's healthy that's fine
that's that's fine I've you know it's
yeah but it's just one of those things
like what are you doing here man if you
don't like us it's really easy not to
see us you have to choose to see us and
listen to us no one that's not you know
with us and none of my business it's
none of my business how you spend your
time young people
don't be rude alright feeling good about
my items got my climbing gloves back I
got super jump boots I got my sticky
bombs and I got a compass she tells me
where the exit
somebody wants to give us twenty-five
dollars for an ng ship FTL run right now
today hey I don't know they are asking
where they could send the money and find
who said that crack about me $25 for an
ng ship FTL run if you tell me where to
send my money I still don't believe it's
possible I've done it you care what
difficulty it's on oh that's the
question what that's a good question
right but I I've had at least one really
good ng ship rum
oh by the way I wait I've done an ng
ship victory run I was uneasy but I've
done an ng ship victory run on the
stream before it's up on YouTube already
especially if you can find that augment
that reuses drones then it's Mena's
almost easy mode hey Jose guy now Jose
guy Jose guy not Jose guy Jose guy thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it
I've done a successful energy run uneasy
on the stream before if you're asking
for a successful ng run on normal that
might be more difficult it starts with
an ion blast - yeah you you just you
just put that that that gun on automatic
take their shields completely done with
that motherfucker then just with your ng
drone ship just launched one combat ship
and he will fucking annihilate it your
drone will annihilate the other ship
once the shields are down yeah yeah no I
like the ng ship I think the ng ship is
a fine ship
oh I mean if you just want to give us
$25 I'm okay with that but you might you
might be you should be looking for ions
but you're doing what the weapons you
want to install on that yeah I am you
want you want to take shields down so
your your drones can fuck all their
ships up yeah oh yeah no no if you get a
good ion weapon like this a great one
oh sure but like if you can get like
double eye on weapons and like target
both earlier like just keep targeting
their weapons and their shields piloting
and shields they can't yeah
they cannot do anything they will just
be sitting ducks yeah oh yeah like if
you target like piloting and weapons
then that's it they're done you can do
whatever you want you could just you
could flick their ship to death
Oh someone is saying rich they will
donate $25 if we send them $25 that
seems like a waste of postage no I mean
I you know $25 $25 I won't say no boys
beat says iron weapons are only garbage
if you're bad at FTL wish it which which
implies that somebody in the chat said
that I in women's for garbage and if
somebody said that they're an idiot
uh-huh-huh and they might be that it if
i on i on weapons are amazing you
usually need more than one of them
though yeah you wish how do you prance
that name we gotta want the fuck shy by
a river or she by she by a river she by
a river
she she by a river she by a river
her subscribe she by a stream if I could
find me that's me trying to do soulful
and I like it it doesn't I like it
there's oh there's a special fish thing
too but I don't think I'm prepared for
the fish thing where's the damsel
there's a worm in here we can do a worm
level so you can see how insane the worm
levels are somebody's asking how many
subscribers we have and I think they
just want to know if we've reached the
$1,000 or oh my my senior high school
picture we have not yet reached that but
I'm very close with the check we just
got for an earlier month that is not
true yeah no that's oh that was two
months
so we were not at all close no no we're
not at all close but we're getting there
in fact we if that's the case we were
under halfway yeah yes that is Morgan I
thought that was one month and I was
delighted okay is Colin here oh hey
Colin hey
right surely her count is here get off
me and monkey I got monkeys on me rich
oh my gosh do find all these goddamn
monkeys on me Shh I'm other guns I have
a boomerang so I'm I shot him with us
enough that guys know nothing okay
nothing nothing I have to remember all
like there's a there's a ton of little
stuff in this game where you know the
more you play it the more you figure
stuff out ooh secret market I have good
money I have good money for a secret
market yes
yes okay someone someone else from
Europe is upset that we start the scream
so late even though you know here
they're not laid that there's not much
we can do about that you know I mean I
want to want to be start a gaming stream
it's like 10:00 a.m. that well it's it's
like it's one of those things where if
if we hear that enough and I've heard
that a couple times people like asking
if we could do like a stream at a
different time for European fan yeah we
hear that enough the answer is
absolutely
really you weren't prepared to do this
Oh 100% like you know if we if that's
what the if that's what the people want
rich I am I give the people what they
want
i jusu i just have not heard it enough
where it would be feasible for us to do
it you know uh-huh well yeah yeah if you
guys want to stream in the middle of the
day here in America so you can watch it
at a reasonable time in Europe or
however you want to do it absolutely the
answers absolutely just tell us and
we'll do it I'll do it it'll just be me
rich you'll be asleep still rich wakes
up at 4:00 in the afternoon quite that
late sometimes thank you that's fine
that's fine
what's my sleeping Harwich become
completely unbalanced yes exactly I am a
total night out mm-hmm backpacker is
evil you're right mr. 212
how do I feel about they live that's a
fine movie I haven't seen it way too
long though mmm something I'll have to
rewash I was just getting in the
conversation about someone about like
bad movies in general and they mentioned
they live as an example and I said no no
no it's not a bad movie that's that is a
good movies yeah a little cheesy little
low-budget but that is a good movie I
keep some some people just don't
understand what a bad movie is it's true
it's really true
there's a bomb shop here so okay great
rich do you play gangster games what
what makes a game a gangster game I
guess you could call Grand Theft Auto a
gangster game no there's that a game
company's gangster games they just said
rich do you play gangster games that
might be a kind of game company gangster
games is it I don't I just so again yeah
gangster gaming isn't it uh I don't know
Oh Jack I live in Canada and it's
usually too cold to watch your stream
what should I do about this i but buy a
blanket right I blank why can't we all
live in Hawaii I think everybody in the
world why can't we all just live in
Hawaii I like the cold
I like black hole along with and I like
the snow you know why cuz then you get
it when it's a little colder out you can
always put on more layers if it gets too
hot you know and for anybody who you
know doesn't live anywhere near here the
Milwaukee area the last like one week
and a half two weeks it's been it's been
like late January whether it's been
below freezing it's been absolutely
miserable it's great it was it was 40
yesterday it was 40 degrees which is
probably more normal for November I felt
like going around without a jacket on
I I'm gonna give this one more shot I'm
gonna give it one more and one more run
a shot and then we'll switch games I got
killed by the goddamn Tiki man hit me
with a boomerang in a perfect world I
would definitely live in a white yeah I
you know I like it here I I think that
living here it's one of those things
where if you live in warm weather all
the time you can't appreciate the warm
weather because it's just what you have
all the time it's it's it's less than
ideal weather like 8 and 2/3 months out
of the year you are crazy
no I'm not at all crazy you're crazy
it's great snow so great snow is the
worst thing ever great snow as snow is
something that should be on the ground
on December 15th and it should go away
on January 1st never December 15th I
press throwing button for anyone
wondering why I just rub a rope there
now oh that's right Colin when it's cold
you don't feel guilty staying at home
and playing video games that's
absolutely true and you know what your
computer will never overheat in
Wisconsin in the winter it's one of my
favorite times of the year I'd never let
it be fine if I wanted it to be 20
degrees inside
I like I like the cool I like to go
weather yes everything fuck this weather
you know since since I moved up from
Chicago to Milwaukee it's just on
average eight degrees colder and it's
terrible yeah it's terrible
everything's fine okie sorts no you know
what you suck Oh fine
no I know I like the cold weather I like
I like going out in the snow and
these are the things that I like I don't
know
monster Oh putting down a bomb climb in
the rope so I can get that key put in
the chest things I'm good getting to
that black market is really important
and so you need this you need the eye to
get to the black market because they
have ton of good items that's why I made
that decision
what's 40 degrees in Celsius I don't
know I don't know that conversion and I
apologize for not knowing that
conversion not and I don't apologize cuz
I don't know I apologize because we
don't have that system Fahrenheit 30 32
is frozen already yeah 32 is freezing
yeah and it's been like 20 something
yeah in in Wisconsin it gets so cold and
dry that it can't snow because it's too
cold and dry just a real thing that
happens and that's the worst like cuz I
like the snow and I'm okay with the cold
but when it's cold and there's no snow
out it's just like what's the point
they're gonna try a tricky maneuver here
it didn't work oh god oh god it didn't
work here really didn't okay what
happened sometimes you can fall faster
than the arrows trigger and so I was
trying to fall so I wouldn't get hit by
arrows cuz I didn't have anything to
flow down you got you got hurt too not
only did I get hurt by them then I ran
into some enemies so I now have one
heart point although it's terrific it's
less than ideal maybe there could have
been another way around Jack it could
have been I could have taken the time I
do I feel a little like I need to keep
moving for the stream should have taken
my time for trying to meet the game
that's poor strategy Jack uh I agree
rich I agree what do you what do you
want right what why didn't you didn't do
that thing you did I
because because I'm dumb I'm a big dumb
dummy I'm my baby brain doesn't move oh
oh and okay we're gonna get one more -
one more try one more Brian didn't you
die again I died again that was what
that was bedroom that was faded to be a
bedroom with Walmart right there is
everything's gonna be fine oh we're
gonna have to end the stream early and
I'm gonna have to shop around for
computer parts this is terrible it's sad
just this is just terrible
that's what kind of game this is though
you have your runs you have your runs
and you have your not you run be fine
everything's gonna be fine
treasure chest do do you know it's not
like I don't want to play it but I think
I'm gonna start lying about Xena nods
yeah yeah I think I'm just gonna start
saying yeah it's great do many people
ask me about it yeah I know I know I
would probably like it it's not my list
of things to play but I'm you know kind
of waiting in plumb in the mood for
something like that again hmm I kind of
XCOM myself out lately that's fair yeah
no no it's not Jack it's not fair at all
I haven't play it immediately oh yeah oh
yeah that's what I meant yeah is why
haven't you played a dummy dummy dumb
Orton
okay you'd wait until Black Friday or
Cyber Monday to look for parts do do PC
components really go on sale that often
though for Black Friday
I would assume I would assume Cyber
Monday they would yeah yeah I would
assume but then of course we'd have to
wait a week you know the buy stuff which
means then we'd have to wait and you
know days to build it and what's going
to be on sale you don't that's why you
have to wait until the cyber monday
that's that's how it works that's how
they get you oh that's terrible yeah or
we could just buy it now and say fuck it
so I found some good deals as it in some
you know Cyber Monday Black Friday aside
right I found some good deals already
well okay
yeah then fuck it any plan I mean I
think I'm already saving about $300 or
so okay
I disagreed myself totally just screwed
myself that's fine
why did you do that thing I've decided
decided that I want and thousand dollars
so I'm waiting for the ghosts and
there's two jewels right here yeah but
then it made me use a bomb and a rope
but I think it'll be worth it for
$10,000 okay oh but resources and aging
your resources is very important oh shit
doesn't be saying they do sales of all
of November I know like I said I've
already got good deals going on I don't
I don't want to wait till later they
might go away Don't Tell rich don't tell
rich
yeah Cyber Monday I don't I don't I
don't I don't even care that you had to
start over jack
I just don't what are you talking about
it I'm still I'm still play the same
life then I saw guys tongue doctor Irish
that is objects are difficult that I
completely fucked up
so the things that make a good roguelike
are super tight controls when you fuck
up it's your fault that was 100% my
fault as being greedy wanted that go I
wanted that ghosty but I didn't think I
was greedy nosed um I didn't think my
way out of how the ghost was how I was
gonna get away from the ghost basically
and I didn't have a plan in place for
getting away from the ghost and I fucked
up my fault I'm just thinking about
their cards it's the only thing I'll do
my head right now I mean are you telling
people what you're gonna buy her yeah
here's the problem is like no matter
what you tell people they're gonna
suggest something else is better right
yeah so we're just gonna say we're not
telling people what you're buying until
you're installing it we could do do that
I don't know they know they know about
the the SSD thing already that you're
not going with an SSD yeah because it
would mean getting a lesser processor I
could choose between a Intel i5 or with
an SSD or an i7 without and the choice
is obvious yes yes because we have
budgetary constraints is there because
of you if you upgrade the processor
later then then you just blew two
hundred something dollars on the the i5
right if you upgrade if I add in a SSD
later then it's just another 70 or
whatever an SSD will end up costing me
cheaper to upgrade that later it's saner
to upgrade that later yeah yeah sounds
like it
okay great great
okay I can do this if I can get three
thousand more dollars I can get a
jetpack rich
and then we got ourselves the makings
you need you need that jetpack yeah
that's the only thing that could save
you no jetpacks pretty valuable in this
game Anna and I can do it like I think
with this gold I can get there actually
I can get that that's a waste another
goddamn balls no no I didn't okay time
saying the the i7 is useless for gaming
yeah but I'd probably be the less
useless if I want to try and emulate a
ps2 which I kind of do jetpack I got a
jetpack everything is great now cuz I
got a jerk perk hey you're not here got
a jetpack now I don't give a fuck about
nothing
jetpack er that's right HTT is a much
tighter bottleneck than the cpu get the
yeah but when you're for the gaming
itself the SSD doesn't matter once it's
loaded up I care about how it runs once
the game is loaded well that's what I
care about right like so your loading
times might be more but the game will
run smoother yes plus down the road I
could easily add in an SSD I'd have to
reinstall an operating system I don't
but that's not a big deal at all hey
people are nuts
you're wrong I understand that SSDs are
amazing but what I can do with the
budget we have to work with I would be
better off saving that for later
yeah yeah yeah
okay okay great so pro tip pro spelunky
tip there are these levels that say I
hear snakes right at the beginning of
level that says I hear snakes I hate
snakes right Indiana Jones reference and
each of those levels have one of these
pits one of these pits and there are
snakes at the bottom of the pit but the
important thing about these levels is at
the very center of the bottom of the pit
if you vomit which I might miss but oh
fuck oh fuck you is a pickaxe so you
bomb it you get pickaxe which is great
and I have a jetpack so I have a pickaxe
in jetpack which means I can go anywhere
on the level at any time let's see the
pickaxe breaks rocks okay so you can go
through any wall so I can go through any
wall and because I have the jetpack I
can
I'm incredibly maneuverable which means
that I can really mess around with the
ghosts only you have more hearts if only
I had more hearts but I can get more
hearts because there's that kissing
booth but I don't want to use it yet
because there's a jewel in front of
there and I want to wait for the ghost
actually yeah I can around that
nope shit whatever you know what
whatever no bye kiss 1x2 kisses we're
gonna buy two kisses you know why cuz
I'm gonna be rich in a second or I'm
gonna die shit
you getting cocky rich getting cocky
things are taking a turn for the worst
okay here comes the ghost you know
what's in here okay everything's fine
everything's fine okay okay everything's
fine for now look over here so the
ghosts can get that this enemies respawn
no enemies do not respawn I'd stab here
go see a staff here
why do they keep asking me if I'm a
replicant when did this start
probably data right newer you were
saying you were the data or someone was
that was no somebody else was saying I
would never say that because data is
creepy maybe maybe they think I'm creepy
that's fine and that's fine is it though
yeah I'd rather be like a Geordie or
somesuch
sure okay okay
Blade Runner is not like a horrible
Internet thing now is it is that what's
going on Blade Runner yeah not that I
know of
okay but you know I don't know anything
I don't know anything about anything
yeah I might not be a ghost II should
have cleared these cobwebs most ultimate
run away from the ghost strategy okay so
basically and now all I'm doing is kind
of just farting around in the ghosts to
turn all of the jewels I can why are you
racking up the money
yeah I'm just racking up the money does
he know the ghost chases you but he's
she's pretty slow does she's not speed
up ever no she stays at a constant speed
that's really good it just gotta be
patient got to be patient with the
ghosts if it it's one thing I've always
said you got to be patient with your
ghost playing with fire Jack yes yes I'm
100% playing with fire but I think I got
them all how much more of the gems worth
I think normally a gem is like 1500 and
if the ghost goes through them they're
worth 5,000 okay so significant amount
like I I got almost fifty thousand
dollars because I ghost did that is that
a watt in spelunky terms um it's a
decent amount is that you know like
fifty thousand dollars will buy me
something good okay if if I can get to
if I can get to the black market and I
oh I think actually you need fifty
thousand to get the ankh and the ankh is
what will get you to the special levels
and it gives you a bonus life in general
like if you buy an ankh it gives you an
extra it gives you an extra life not an
extra heart container like an extra life
if you die if you fuck up
Oh a 1200 by the way I was a little off
a normal jewel is worth 1,200 okay so
it's even war yeah it's even more err
very very valuable it goes like a crowd
of those spikes
oh nice okay here's a key okay coming up
millhouse Ridge coming up millhouse then
you need one of these levels with this
key here and now we need to find the
chest but I have a jetpack and I have a
pickaxe so because each level is
randomly generated sometimes like things
can be buried in rock uh-huh and that
can really fuck you over that can really
fuck you over if you you know like if
you don't have any bombs if you don't
have fighting equipment yeah like for
example this time the chest is buried it
in right now the chest is buried under
rock but that doesn't matter to me
because I have a pickaxe okay something
very important and now I can use my
jetpack now I can use my jetpack to like
go back and get the damsel and get like
like I can leave my pickaxe and I can I
can leave stuff behind and then go back
for it really easily and I put my
pickaxe you don't remember
somewhere up over where that yellow mask
thing is yes there is I see it up into
the left I can't see where you are right
now obviously because yeah cuz you're
not I'm watching the delay
I found it okay the person on the chat
asking me if I beat in Thai fighter yet
my answer is I beated 20 years ago and
that's not a lie it's 20 years ago right
so I can't see well it's a little my
spring road yeah yeah cuz they do
nothing they they you can actually pick
them up and use them to set off arrow
traps though so if you don't feel like
if you don't feel like sacrificing a
dams or if you can't find a rock you can
throw a mouse okay because this game is
full of little great things okay
all right back to it jet pack the jet
pack run the glory that is the jet pack
run I could find myself something I can
find myself a couple more things like
well fuck you monkey we can play couple
great white whale oh my god oh my god oh
my god
terrible things are happening rich
monkey made me pass out of it and then a
skeleton got me I'm doing fine now I'm
back on it only have two hearts which
isn't the greatest place to be blood but
I'm gonna take it you know why cuz it's
what I got I actually did not want those
I should not pay attention not paying
I'm not in it to win it that's why you
will loose it Jack that's why I what
that's why you will loose it
yeah probably just leave it
okay doesn't look like the black market
is on this level
mom want that dude we need to do yes
quiet yes I just said I wanted to do
monkey hey monkey okay great at the dude
no store on this level
hopefully there's a store in the next
level got a dude so I get a heart which
is nice
Jack is confirmed for dude sexual I mean
are we all let's be honest we need some
dude that's just a normal thing that
normal people say I so I don't know why
you guys are acting weird about it you
guys are the weird one
and I'm waiting for I jiggle Jam to
light up and as soon as it does we're
gonna find ourselves a black market and
go shopping
oh it's time already
right yeah yeah yeah ah I see this is
great like if you notice like this is
the exit and there's a shop here right
now the black market is like buried deep
under some stuff okay so like without
without a pickaxe I would be pretty
bummed seems like a terrible place to
put a shop oh it's all random is it yeah
but I mean just just in-game from the
shopkeepers point of view that seems
like a terrible idea
where is it where's Mike likies what
Mike wiki's rich yeah the cookies Oh
what is your cookies what are you
talking about what language are you
speaking
beacons belong
damnit
I'm threading the line here of what
we're like if I if I get too close to
like the shop and or this guy over here
shit oh you made the shopkeeper mad
I made the shopkeeper mad so you can't
buy anything ever again not only can I
not buy anything ever again they will
now chase me yeah for the rest of the
game are you now fucked I'm kind of
fucked how are you supposed to get those
treasure chests then don't know you do
what you do do what I just did which is
I just like jumped on his head and now I
can steal a shotgun so I just stole his
shotgun so basically now I have to kill
all of the shopkeeper
well it seems terrible it's terrible but
now I get to steal everything in their
store without paying for it so
oh oh well that sounds great
the only problem is they hunt me and
they have shot and they all have
shotguns can you kill them yeah yeah you
can kill them and I kill them and I
stole one of their shotguns but it's
hard you I can kill them but it's hard
okay oh I like that you can do that
there's a lot of things in this game
that I think are just great yes jack is
bad but he goes why what did i do you
made the man mad yeah but I mean that
happens sometimes that happens sometimes
can't you apologize should that be an
option can you offer to rebuild part of
the shop that would be hilarious okay so
now the shopkeepers are 100% freaking
out
shit shit shit shit they got me uh got
me was a fucking freeze guns no it's
it's not very noble but at least now
it's in self-defense right right he just
he just nicked the guy's wall with a
pickaxe shotguns been outrageous I mean
we are talking about a shopkeeper who
set up shop in an abandoned secret mine
so he's a little eccentric
yeah hmm okay uh a great game I love
this is a great play yeah you know what
we'll play it again we'll play it again
during a group stream and you can play
and you can well it will stream you
playing just so just so you can enjoy
I'd be delighted
ah what a great game stream Mass Effect
no no no okay exiting spelunky that was
great and I felt great about them FTL
I mean I could do something have to yell
I I'm starting to think that when you
guys ask for FTL you're doing it
ironically I don't know I don't know I
don't think so I don't I don't think so
it has been a little too long since I
have played FTL where it just won't be a
good run
you know oh which that's what they want
they want me to fail so they can laugh
and have a good time yeah basically it's
fun when you you shoot people out of
airlocks hmm or you accidentally leave
your boring party on the exploding ship
that happened one time rich that
happened one time that you saw that's
that's the magic of being able to name
people

[Part III]
okay I'm back
I don't think rich is back in I probably
should have checked with him before I
came back but
whatever
crazier Gallagher or Victoria Jackson
probably Victoria Jackson I think
Gallagher is pretty lucid he's just he's
just in a shit place right now Victoria
Jackson is a little off the rocker but
that's fine
that's all fine
everything's fine
Oh God you can't hear rich hand button
Jack back is back it's true
rooo did you really get a snack or doing
math no I got another I got another left
hand Brewing Company Milk Stout nitro
beautiful stout beer beautiful smooth
chocolaty stout beer I want to do my
cocaine impressions now this dream uh
because I've been doing them to write
much and rich doesn't like them
and that's fine
if I you know go go over to the rlm site
and donate over there and if I hear that
there's donations the next stream will
be nothing but Michael K that's not true
that's not true
when more FTL you know we try to vary it
up a little bit and I know like we just
did a bunch of Isaac and so obviously
like I wanted to get a new game with
spelunky but you know we do a lot of FTL
we've done a lot of FTL we will do more
FTL just because it's a game that we
love so don't worry about us playing
more FTL it's gonna happen
you're right Michael Cain does do a good
Michael Cain impression he does the best
Michael Cain impression what does
Michael K Michael Caine does the best
Michael Caine impression I don't think
it's an impression I think he's just
Michael Caine what I mean Michael Caine
can't do a Michael Caine impersonation
because he is Michael Caine that's just
him being himself oh my god rich but
what would happen if you tried to do an
impression of yourself what would happen
that's an interesting question that's an
interesting question
Wallace 77 wants to know if we've ever
played rogue legacy where I played it on
stream and I didn't much care for it
it's fine it's a fine little action
platformer game my problem with it was
that it was a roguelike light and it had
a lot of elements that took away from
the roguelike elements that I do enjoy
there's leveling up there's a grinding
aspect to it there's a there's a
mechanic in the game where you can lock
down the castle so instead of it being
randomized every time it's the same
layout every time and I actually I don't
like that so it was not a game that I
played for very long because I just
didn't enjoy it too much but you know
it's a fine I it's fine see here's the
thing chat
I don't kill good jokes okay you know
what are they talking about are you
killing Sir Michael Caine joke Oh cuz I
told them that I wasn't gonna do it
because you didn't like it they liked my
Michael Caine impression because it
makes me look like an idiot rich if if
you if you do that impression I right
now I will I will turn off Skype and I
will start shopping for computer parts
I've I've already told them that I'm not
gonna do it tonight but jokingly I said
that you know if if they go to the rlm
website
and you know go to that little donate
button and enough people donate with
with the subject header of Michael Caine
I will do an entire stream as Michael
Caine yep which by the way is just not
true I will not because I will lose it
or this dream will last 20 minutes and
that'll be it
child's what child bride is saying your
first stream should be thief the dark
project there's one problem with that I
would I would I would love to mmm but
sound is very important for thief okay
so I can't listen for footsteps I can't
listen to hear if there's a guard on the
other side of the door if I'm listening
to Jack talk mm-hmm see I don't I could
try I don't know how well that would
work if you're not paying enough
attention to the audio right I don't
know either
okay I mean it's it's that that's that
is a tough thing when thinking about
games to stream is like what you know
what would stream well what would stream
well sure yeah is there
Robert Bazar jaw wants to know if there
is any reason to go to Wisconsin no none
there's absolutely no reason you get you
get bad gyros and shit whether it's a
beautiful place to go it all depends on
what you're looking to do it like if you
want to come to Milwaukee I would
recommend coming during summer because
we have Summerfest we have State Fair we
have a lovely State Fair we have a
beautiful art museum a Natural History
Museum some fine restaurants we have a
ton of great stuff in Milwaukee but not
just Milwaukee we have great campsites
if you enjoy I kind of flow if you enjoy
wine you go up to Door County go to wine
country if you enjoy we have cranberry
bogs you can take a tour of a cranberry
bog thing it's fish any more exciting
States you could go to that is 100% true
you know you can go to Illinois where
they actually have a real city in a
a real city we are going to fight unlike
Wisconsin yeah
mr. ska did you know that Milwaukee has
a basketball team because I barely did
who cares about here who cares about
that it'll come here for sports but hey
Robert apparently I answered Robert
Bazar jaws question just right enough
thank you Robert Bazaar job for
subscribing we really much appreciate it
and you know Wisconsin is a fine state
to go visit I want to talk about the
Jurassic world teaser I have not seen it
Oh is there a teaser huh apparently no
Jack here's something other than
speaking since since it comes off
Jurassic world
yeah like when Jurassic Park came out
right yeah I mean they they took the
cutting-edge ideas of paleontology at
the time yep that's that's where you're
you're warm-blooded fast-moving
dinosaurs came from Jurassic Park right
right how do you feel now that with
world they're abandoning the current
science on dinosaurs they're abandoning
their there this is that we know a lot
more about dinosaurs than we did during
the first Jurassic Park we know
dinosaurs were head and feathers and
whatnot now more colorful yeah that's
true
they're they're still going with the
classic Jurassic Park looking vampires
enough vampire scum I rich at dinosaurs
that was hilarious yeah I think it's the
classic like classic vampires versus
more gritty modern yeah yeah anyway like
Dracula versus New York you know a big
difference yeah a big difference
should the the dinosaurs in Jurassic
world have feathers that's my question
oh that is a good question rich for
going to but should that is that is a
really great question I just want to do
a quick audio check I've started Isaac
can is it overpowering is the volume
overpowering for anyone but just care
about that vampires gaff that all the
chat cares about by the way I mean
because it was hilarious rich classic
rich these people think the things I say
are so weird that they're delivered the
planned no shit just comes out of my
mouth you can hear fine it isn't over
Margaret anyway Jack how do you answer
that question here so at the at this
time they were using modern dinosaur
science right yes honey actually made a
lot of people more educated about
dinosaurs with that movie unfortunately
like sometimes happens in science you
know we've gotten more information now
and so the views have have changed so
the question would come up as far as a
producer is concerned is do we stick
with modern science or do we stick with
movie Canon uh-huh and you kinda have to
go with movie Canon because you want all
the movies to look similar to each other
even though it's not cutting-edge
science it's all science fiction anyway
yes
here's the harsh truth and here's what's
gonna happen now he had the original
Jurassic Park down actually actually
educated a lot of people yeah and then
world is gonna come in its gonna do the
exact opposite it's gonna continue to
make people dog that's you know it's
kind of a shame yeah that's the truth
though that's really funny yeah
I did be mom's hard since we played
lasts if you notice I came on part I'm
just go start playing as please it's
true but like I don't I don't think we
should worry about that too much
just because it's it's still fake like
even even though the science in the
movie was was based off of real science
the science was flawed because it's a
movie you know so we shouldn't dwell on
that too much
it was it was a movie though that
brought attention to the science it's
true it's real it's gonna be a movie
that that shit's besides its but it's
also a movie that's going to shit all
over Jurassic Park so it doesn't if you
if you want to worry about the cannon
you just say that they're using more
accurate genes now is it better clubs oh
sure
Oh hold on then then then you add the
feathers of the new one and it still
fits oh I see that guys I see that the
screen is frozen sorry about that I
don't know I don't know why give me a
second here it's frozen over on my end
mmm
oh the screen is frozen hold on okay
here we go I don't know why that
happened but the screen is now unfrozen
my apologies everyone everything is
fucked okay we are now streaming the
real video my apologies to everyone you
missed some exciting action I got the
bomb buddy no like this is the real
thing is I'm not I'm not terribly
worried about it because as we've talked
about before it's not going to be a good
it's not gonna be Jurassic Park you know
where's the other reason I don't
understand the excitement we've already
had two lackluster sequels why is this
supposed to be any different it's not
even Spielberg directing right Chris
Pratt
everybody loves Chris Pratt well I'm
just gonna see another Chris Pratt movie
who cares it's true whatever because
it's a name people recognize that's all
that matters
because it's a name people recognized
why and you know what
stick Lords you're right why isn't
anyone discussing the scientific merit
of karna sore I want to discuss
something that isn't there I want to
talk about dinosaurs and pregnant women
that's more fun in my book rich rich no
fun allowed evidence how am i preventing
for shitting all over Jurassic world
won't let me do my Michael Caine
impression which is awesome yeah like
you know I'm just not it's not concerned
I just it's so hard to care about
Jurassic world also like I don't care
about the teaser because it's just a
teaser you know like oh man that movie I
don't know
Jurassic Park I don't know if I've ever
told you this Jurassic Park was a movie
that I loved so much I want to say I saw
it 12 or 15 times in the theater I don't
think that was uncommon no no that movie
made a bazillion dollars yeah that's the
real truth I you and you know that was
back in the day when I just was going to
see movies all the time and I would
spend all day at the theater but I
wouldn't see Jurassic Park from multiple
times in the day oh man that's a quiz it
is still such a great movie and this
just won't be that I don't know it's
hard for me to care about it in general
I can't I can't even get wild up about
it you know because it's going to
disappoint me no matter what no you're
right dick the birthday boy my favorite
movie is Supergirl but I didn't see
Supergirl in the theaters
why stupid motherfucking fly little what
else is going on what else is going on
rich what is happening in the world I
don't know did you see enough attention
to the world what did I see what you're
not on Twitter so you didn't say someone
sent me a an article from Giant Bomb
steam is is revamping their rules for
early access really apparently there
have been enough complaints from
consumers and then I can't kill this
damn fly it's a zombie fly so every time
I kill him he turns into a pile of
motion then regenerates yeah
and so I but every time I kill him he he
turns into a pile of moisture on the
rocks and I can't my tears don't go
through rocks sunny good I need to lure
him out and he wasn't luring me out
there we go okay so they're revamping
their rules regarding early access
they're being a little more engines
stingy like what they will allow in
their early access forms which i think
is Oh rich
I just want details in this early access
no wait
rich okay I got a great item I got all
right great item I got technology I get
laser tears I get a fucking laser gun Oh
God
it was giant good look up look of a
giant bomb they did the they they had
the scoop on this and and it's very
exciting news so like if you are gaming
studio you actually have to have some
development done on your game which
means that like some people were getting
away with just having concept art and
that's what they were calling like early
access yeah that's that's I think so and
so they're saying like you actually have
to have a game which you know that
really should have been a rule but hey
you know I'm not judging except for when
you're judging oh no ok no I'm Josie
Thanks so you know that's that's
interest not take another hit I might
what you might not take another hit with
that laser baby I you might sell to the
rest of this game untouched
absolutely yeah no this this is a killer
item the only thing is like my my attack
power is still pretty weak and so you
know it takes a couple hits to get
things but this is a continuous laser
beam that will kill everything in its
path yes if I can get some items that up
my attack strength it's over atomic okay
it's a hundred percent over I don't know
if I can get those items fun right now
this early in the game I'm sitting
rather pretty so what what is their
criteria then for a really access what
do you need the question you need to
have a working game mm-hmm which you
know like it like I said before like
that's something you think they would
have had already and you need to be more
clear about where you are in your
development cycle for it so
you know so so customers have a greater
idea of whether or not they're they're
actually getting all very good stuff oh
my god is this it not a shot speaking
what is this item hold on I have to ask
a quick look up at what an item is I
know I I'm summarizing yeah the article
hold on hold on I have something very
important to do I have to go on the
Internet I don't worry about it just do
you do your game I'm doing it no oh no
oh no I'm I'm going on the internet to
look up an item oh look of an item
fighter what because I want to know if
it's worth a heart the is actually
bringing up a good point here yeah um
with Thanksgiving coming up are we still
streaming Wednesday it's not gonna
interfere with a stream I think that's a
good question the answer is maybe okay
Ilan has a chance of spawning soul
hearts when taking damage no then that
is not worth that it's not worth giving
apart this item has a chance to spawn
blue hearts if I ever take damage not
worth giving up a heart hurt
what a permanent heart yeah giving up a
permanent heart container
no no so I mean all right no no the
answer is no no
so back back to Thanksgiving what's the
story
Oh Thanksgiving uh you know maybe is I
guess the answer if you don't feel like
going the studio I'm going to do this
again
Jack and I have Street kind of thing we
could we could I you know I like the
group streams and I you know I guess the
it really depends on the group I think
if if Mike or Jay or Jesse generators
cuz I'm not going out of town just a
dried turkey so I'll be in town at home
okay
ya know and I'll be here to the the it
will depend on whether or not anyone
else can do the stream and if other
people can do like if if J or Micah
Jesse are available then we'll do a
group stream and if they're not we'll
just do a hack and a half okay okay
and I think that's a bomb that's my bomb
but I think that's that's the answer
okay all right here we go
that's me handsome I'm gonna guess then
that we're just doing like this again
are we not gonna be a good I would have
soon
what you never know I don't know what
everyone else's plans are for the man
cuz you know it's not Thanksgiving it's
the day before Thanksgiving right
yeah but I imagine I imagine they're all
going not a column to suit people
sure and that would make sense no I
don't know nothing about nothing rich
this is a thing about me not knowing
nothing about nothing
turkey turn these okay it's just usually
when I have turkey on Thanksgiving chat
it's dry and bad because barely
relatives and people I know don't know
how to cook turkey so you know what I do
which I'm not doing this here I'm really
upset i deep fry Zuri every year
and every you know I have a fire
extinguisher and of course I do it
outside on the concrete patio away from
anything flammable but I also brine it
overnight i brine it in a solution of
salt water and brown sugar and then
deep-fry it and it's it's a goddamn
delight to the senses
that might be good it's it's the
greatest it's a great thing in the world
apparently though unbeknownst to me I
lent my deep fryer to my brother he
because all of a sudden I'm over at my
brother's house the other day and my
brother's wife says oh by the way thank
you for letting us borrow the deep fryer
I'm like what the hell are you talking
about
and my brothers like remember you you
said I could borrow the deep fryer for
Thanksgiving because we're having all
these people over and I this is
something I never ever would have done I
don't know why he's getting this from
but then like they start going into it
her family his wife's family is coming
in from town they're from out of town
and they do Thanksgiving every year so
them coming into town is a big deal to
like them having a delicious deep-fried
turkey for Thanksgiving is a big deal so
I gave it how long does it take to cook
the turkey you do for um not long about
an hour can you just pick it up after
they're done cooking no no I can't do
that that wouldn't that wouldn't make a
lot of sense like traveling on things
even they live far enough away where
that would be a hassle
okay okay with that yes so I'm not deep
frying a turkey this year which and
every summer I mean you should be but or
really shouldn't care but but to me it's
a big deal just cuz it's a big thing and
like we're not having that many people
over this year anyway so it's not the
biggest of deals
it's more spectrum it's more strength if
I could get I could get more
doesn't and I know I'm just talking out
loud
yeah
yeah which is fine like you know it's
it's a little less pressure on me as far
as cooking because I usually cook
Thanksgiving dinner you know that's a
little less pressure on me as far as
cooking is concerned which I'm okay with
Oh I did my attack go down there's a
very interesting item here okay this
little 15 cent item is a use one coin
that to deal a damage to everything in
the room all at once which is yeah an
amazing item yeah my attack damage is
not the greatest right now yeah
so it wouldn't do a terrible amount of
good and I don't have a ton of money
anyway probably gonna get it so see if I
can get the coins to get it okay it's an
amazing it's Mario Mario sis terrible
item no it's the best item if your if
your attack is good you walk into a room
destroy everything immediately what your
attack is not good my attack is not good
right
but there are things that you can get to
raise your attack well maybe you should
worry about that first yeah but there's
no guarantee that I'd like this item
will come up again all right I don't
know all right I didn't get it yet I
didn't get it
I didn't waste my money on it yet but
I'm thinking about it
rich what have you been playing this
week well I know you'll probably find
out what the next episode prereq dun dun
dun how's that going by the way yeah a
chance to mess around with a bunch yeah
a little bit it's it all looks and
sounds great the UH okay I've got money
now got money now I'm gonna get one more
pill I can get one more pill and uh ya
know it's looking good
I don't know one oh they'll be done that
I don't know when it needs to be done I
need to talk to Jay about and when it'll
blow up anyway but yeah you'll find out
all about the stuff that rich and I have
been playing lately intent
that's my call rich I got to make a
judgment call on what whether I get this
this item everybody seems to be saying
no well then I got a do it yes you do
yeah absolutely I have no I have no
horse in this race no I know I know all
right I'm not gonna do it what else is
in here and battery get another pill Oh
No okay all right I'm just gonna fight
the boss all right all right all right
everything's huh Oh how do you up your
attack it needs to be like a random drop
there are certain items and the
increased damage pills can increase your
damage and I do have my item right now
is a pill generator yeah I won't get my
next pill by the time this world is over
but I could get my damage up after I
beat the boss what is what is the five
cent item do the five cent item is a
battery which basically recharges my
pills which means I could get another
pill well if you need attack that would
seem to be a good thing to buy well but
no that's completely random like I could
I could get a pill that makes me lose a
heart container okay okay so I'm gonna
fight the boss if I get an item that
increases my damage then I'm going to
buy that item okay is what I'm gonna say
okay that would make sense
because that would make I did get a
pretty killer item in the item room this
time Isaac it's tiring me out Jack I'm
gonna have to quit go shopping for
Quebec you funky
son of a bitch I'm not trying to be a
jerk I mean I might want to do that it's
cut it out early at some point tonight
so I can do that if I'm gonna sure
listen did you listen tomorrow of what
needs to be bought yeah cuz I'm gonna be
busy at the studio tomorrow Jerry I'm
not gonna have time to do it tomorrow
basically okay that's fine yeah that's
fine
everything you can do whatever you want
all the time I'll stick it out here for
a little bit good okay this item the the
lasers does do does make this a little
bit of a boring run because well it's
mostly what I will do is stand on one
side of the room and just laser
everything
they take forever to die they do because
I have no damage right now I just have
no goddamn damage
what is the glowing invincibility thing
here that's that's the cool superpower
got which is randomly as I'm fighting
enemies I will turn invincible and kill
people
oh it just happens randomly yeah like it
in my rage builds up as I fight creature
that seems really great it is it's a
really great item I've got this bad some
horrible yeah and there's not a lot of
room to dodge yeah that just seemed
awful yeah oh my god I'm gonna be
drowning in soul hearts this is brave
things things are looking really great
for this run right now if I could get a
little more damage I would say this is a
clear victory but Jack hold the pickle
is saying he never would have played by
the binding of issac if it wasn't for
reviewing any strings really yes well I
wouldn't I would like to share that if
it wasn't for both Jack and rich I would
not have played Isaac and X come over to
games I wouldn't have been interested in
otherwise thank you both for this
wonderful gift love hearing those
messages oh we really do know thank you
for watching and I'm really glad you're
enjoying the games you know you know
they're they're games that aren't
getting a ton of prep I mean next time I
feel like it's a ton of press and I
guess Isaac does an indie circles but
their games that don't have a marketing
campaign so hey so you know it's only
through word of mouth and we're happy to
spread word of mouth for good names
little farty worms
the only bad thing about this item is
there are some enemies that you can only
shoot and while you're glowing and
invincible
you can shoot so you just have to kind
of like twiddle your thumbs while you're
waiting for it to I got to say that we
probably we're probable for doing for
next time okay see you play Isaac like
50 times no this is 50 times this is my
second time playing rebirth
I played it one other stream like three
weeks ago and when you are entire to the
streams you can play it's got every day
if you you know I'm sure there will be
an X calm stream to decide whether it's
gonna be old or new XCOM the tough
choices
Oh easy easy not thinking that if we can
upgrade this door here I think if we go
to 30 we upgrades I don't know the
correct answer he's one of the items
there what are the items I'm staring at
doing so so this is a the 15 cent one is
a tarot card generator and the tarot
cards are like randomly generated cards
and you know they do stuff like give you
hearts or teleport you or do stuff like
that the red heart is a red heart and
the pill I took it and it's a pill that
makes me forget you map so I'm naughty
when they charge for them yeah cuz the
well it's all random it's all random
okay okay so I just have this pill now
and I have to remember not to press the
button that makes me take the pill which
will be terribly hard for me
I'm gonna go collect there's some soul
hearts to collect before I fight the
boss
oh if I clear one more room I can get
another pill so I think I'm gonna do
that not a big
people people are just linking to
newegg.com to tease me with the computer
parts yeah
you know what I think I want the poo
lemonparty
it doesn't lemonparty doesn't hurt me
some of it is the thing I'm just so very
excited yes I'm so excited Jack I know
you are oh this is such a go kay hold on
I got to pour my snack I didn't pour it
you may keep pouring a snack for that's
not that's not a snack if you're pouring
it that's a drink think that's a drink
it's adults neck do you chew it I'm numb
that's a great snack okay I'm gonna go
fight a boss I'm gonna go fight a boss
rich all right I need some damage um
damage up would help speed would help
there are some things that'll make this
a one run but it ain't no one run yet if
you know what I mean yeah yeah yeah yeah
I know exactly what you mean it's no one
run definitely is not that thing you
said yep yep
rich tell us a scary story
this one time I played five nights at
Freddy's that sounds terrifying it was
terrifying well at the game the fact
that I was playing game not well I don't
know if it was a game really it's an
arts it was a creative work bridge it's
technically game and answer chat no I
don't particularly like metal do you
don't like what Metal Gear okay crazy
ass story with some mildly okay stealth
and some comically ridiculous characters
like it'd be ok if it was a comedy okay
chan I have a very important question to
you for you there's this item brimstone
here it will cost me two permanent heart
containers but it gives me a super
powerful charge shot what happens if I
have that and laser tears do I give
saying people are saying get brimstone
yeah what does it do with laser you're
okay don't do it yeah I don't
necessarily need it
the cool thing about brimstone is it
shoots over rocks and stuff and so like
it can decimate everything but will it
bring your power up I think you know
bring my power up yes you just get
charged oh so it doesn't I don't keep my
my lasers tears get the perimeter you
have laser no okay okay okay yeah that's
not a thing and not worth to permanent
heart containers and I don't like guppy
I don't like the dead get
you don't like the cat that makes you
fly no no the that's only if you get
three cat components if you just have
the dead cat it it gives you nine lives
but that that sounds good it's not
because you you spawn in the room before
you died and you only get one heart so
let's say you're fighting a super
powerful enemy you'll just ya keep
you'll just die nine times instead of
dying once all right you'll lose all
your heart containers yeah there's I
know you're saying get brimstone get rid
of that laser for a flak cannon you're
at now you go if Jack skips this I hope
he gets back in there I know I haven't
left yet I'm deciding I know well no and
the other thing rage the other thing
that factors into this is right now I
have a ton of hearts I'm full of hearts
think think about this logic yeah what
would be the stupid thing to do what
would be the stupid thing to do I don't
know maybe get it because then I lose
two heart containers but I think it
gives me I think it makes me more
powerful so I'm getting it I just got
okay
I just got it oh my god I just got I got
oh my god brimstone is great what's
brimstone do I can't you'll see it you
will see it any exactly one second you
see what that does there flap I have not
seen oh here you go he's coming up right
now you're just walking under yes picked
it up now you just picked it up okay and
when I go into the other room you're
gonna see oh my lord
flap yeah that seems pretty good yeah
it's pretty great
was it worth to heart containers may not
man maybe you'll get more maybe I'll get
more heart containers that's the real
better get a lot of hearts yeah
let's um let's open up this jam yeah I
don't see if it's in here
woohoo soul heart nice and bombs great
worth it worth it okay yeah the only
thing is all of the black hearts and the
blue hearts aren't containers those are
just hits yeah so I can't refill those I
can only refill the red containers you
know but keep doing keep doing good yeah
okay it was worth the hard contains
people are saying it's worth it I don't
know man I don't know he sounds unsure
well we're about to find out oh god I
decimate everything in the room oh
that's beautiful
are you happy with your choice so far I
am yes okay I haven't seen you kill
anything with it yet you're you're about
to you're about to see me rack something
right right now the cutscenes are steady
oh okay yeah I'm wrecking everything in
my path so so far it's worth it because
I don't think yeah yeah yeah
yeah just everything dies but unlike
your regular tears you have to charge it
up you know you just hold on to the
button before letting it go
you hold yeah you hold on and then
letting go is one activate scene that
seems somewhat awkward it's a little
awkward and you know a little unwieldy
because it takes that time but you know
so far worth it get a pill here
Oh range up yeah like I need that I got
to get rid of this this active no good
right now doing me no good like I'm
about to destroy everything right now in
one blast oh I didn't oh it's just two
blasts oh god this is a great item I'm
sorry for ever doubting you brimstone
Jack you need to thank the chat you know
what there's no way I could have made
that decision you're right right Thank
You Chad getting brimstone was the right
call they talked you into it oh and I
get and and I just got fire bombs but
never I've actually never had this item
before
though now my bombs light things on fire
right I think so you're wrecking shit Oh
God ever everything yeah I'm wrecking
absolutely everything which is great you
have horns our robe and you're on fire
I think you're wearing a row looks like
your wife yeah we're in like a little
cloak okay Phoebe Liam uh so you know
just I'm kind of a badass right now
brave
Isaac has become powerful yeah
the 92o i actually so my bombs light
things on fire now and i need to be
careful not to step into the fire that i
align with now as the brimstone still
that you'd beam even if you didn't
previously have that beam thing
yeah the brimstone is still the huge
beam and unlike laser so like both the
laser and the brimstone have infinite
range you know goes across the entire
map but unlike laser brimstone will go
over objects right so like other enemies
fire will will stop at a rock but mine
will go over the rock and I just got a
thing that gives me damage up oh my god
if I would have gotten that stupid thing
I could have wrecked everything what
stupid thing the stupid thing that I
passed up on oh but that's okay these
are the calls the calls are made my
damage is up you play you play the hand
you have at the time absolutely
absolutely but if I if I would have had
the magic fingers now the thing that
causes a damage for every coin could
have been wrecking some shit but that's
okay that's okay Jack this is your
chance to tell the chat I told you so
no no no the chant I'm still incredibly
grateful for the chat for convinced me
to get brimstone
because it's basically doing the same
thing I'm walking into a room and
destroying everything it's just taking
me slightly longer to do it and not
costing me a penny do wrecking
everything okay
vomits laser blood we've talked about
laser blood before have we
I don't know I know we talked about
blood ocean blood ocean yeah I don't
know if that was related to laser blood
that could have been I don't know oh
good another ready come on so you need a
key for that chest yeah gold chest yeah
any keys I don't have any keys right now
and there's a shop and I have a good
amount of money but I haven't no you get
stuff if I bomb blue fire I forget find
out the new rules I don't see any metal
Shh shiny when I last 44 says in quotes
could have been wrecking shit then he
adds your head is on fire and you have
crazy blood lasers don't good grief
you're absolutely right
you're you're absolutely 100% right I
apologize
here's a key door nothing good
and I can buy another key this BFF does
that do oh yeah I know you don't know I
just say things out loud right you know
that about me
Oh BFF they say you just use the key
um-hmm the door somebody is saying I did
use if you had that that oh yeah oh I do
that already
what are these things do okay oh so
that's what I was looking up so the red
heart office is just right hard I don't
need that the BFF makes if I had insect
familiars it would make them larger and
more powerful but I don't have any
insects before so it is useless so we go
and we fight the boss monstro to one
more upgrade but some wasp in this game
know there's a loss with this game the
red heart does not upgrade my heart
containers it would just like yeah yeah
okay yeah
laser blood everywhere rich laser blood
everywhere
well great HP up ah great
the thing is great this that's not what
this dream is least for me and my
computer it's kind of just started like
lagging a bit just got not quite frozen
but you know what it's a bit slideshow
II oh okay I I did drop a couple frames
there looks like I've dropped a little
I've dropped some frames no I don't know
Internet come on internet where Warriors
says rich tell him he can walk in his
own fire bomb oh okay that's great
that's great to know most unless their
line which is a very real possibility
you you know that's possible yes
this mod okay
octave J I will trust you to do I kill
everything this is what's your rich your
thoughts on alien isolation Game of the
Year game of the year easily game yeah
Game of the Year game of all time yes
and now rich you are getting a little
you're getting a little computer alright
I guess I guess that's all I guess I'll
have to disconnect and look up computer
parts I'm excited I know you're excited
you she's excited how come in this fancy
remake of Isaac how come they didn't let
you shoot diagonally I don't know I you
know I think part of that might have
been just they wanted to keep it as
similar as possible and like diagnosed
shooting is it's you know having only
four degrees of shooting as part of the
strategies shot
what is that - does that do anything are
you at max hearts yeah I met max hearts
and I have a decent number of
rechargeable hearts and so I'm I'm
feeling it be good about where I am
right now
item why is it
obviously I'd love to get right now if I
could get something that increased my
speed I've been really happy but I mean
overall bury you kid I mean you can't be
upset with this this is good it's good
it's good
Jack talked a pretty what are the specs
on my new machine well I have parts in
mind but nothing is in stone yet they've
not been ordered yet just why I want to
go shopping for Bert's I want to spend
the evening at the New Ager
ah these shops suck is this thing big
blue fly what's this big blue fly I
don't think this does anything good is a
dumb fly chaps suck rich I wasted a key
on a sucky shop unless this big blue fly
does something good it just don't think
it does look it up and find out now just
increases the sizes of blue spiders and
flies nope yeah um yeah
dumb fucking shop
I kill everything in the room this is my
new song I want to get the fly no I
don't have any flies why would I get the
fly I'm just telling you what they're
saying I'm the messenger you're the
messenger in way Allah increases the
size of blue spiders and flies I don't
have any blue spiders or flies so
getting that would be useless they don't
care no they that's the real thing
there's a secret room which requires two
keys to open and I have two keys I'm
gonna do it I see what's in here oh it's
a dumb room it's a secret room how do
you know about it
alright well I just didn't know it's a
secret cuz I didn't know what was in it
oh oh well I suppose I can get pills
from this alright not the mostly useless
room after I beat the boss I can get
pills from that room's fine though it's
gonna be fine
have to energy okay I'm gonna go fight
the boss oh no oh it's mom god dammit
I always forget when I'm at mom always
but I'm also gonna meet beat mom in
record time okay bebop already ah that's
great what a great health up this range
up does me know can you take pills OS
you back up to a lot of red hearts yeah
yeah iemon I think this doubles my money
right let's do anything fun
I'm keeping the poop making a bomb
see what this guy has to offer huh a lot
of stuff there didn't you that's ooh I
think this is good this is good so I
have another chance to get rid of hearts
in exchange for items what item um
one item gives me the power of flights
which as we've discussed prior is
incredibly important in this game flying
over objects is really really important
what is the other thing do and the other
thing which costs only one heart
container instead of two
yeah I'll get the white heart don't
worry I won't forget about the white
heart what are the white hearts do Jack
if you have a half of a white heart it
um if you get to the next world it gives
you a new heart container which
obviously we want Oh
well cuz I didn't know if I was gonna
fit that'll make up for one of these
purchases absolutely I just want to find
out what this other thing does take the
left flight oh yeah flight is always
worth it I just want to know what the
other thing does make them both is what
they're saying I don't know if I can get
rid of three heart containers that would
be big you will be getting another one
for that white heart paranoid yeah
yeah I will be getting another one so
I'd be getting rid of too hard
containers which might be worth it if I
can find out what this damn thing does
Oh is that just the Whore of Babylon
that's dumb
what's the Whore of Babylon is when you
get down to one heart you transform into
a demon which makes you more powerful
but like yeah yeah they're not gonna get
the one heart well and if you're ever at
that point you're so fucked where it's
like being more powerful is not gonna
help you in that pinch so I just I just
want to confirm that that's what that
does have to scroll through all of these
items here Rich's bias he's filtering
out comments that don't fit with his
rich agenda haha my voice will be heard
Jack what do you think of Super Mario
the game
are you asking what I think is the games
I know I'm biased so this is what I'm
gonna say what happens when I don't
filter here what do you think about
somewhere in the game it's good so what
we've learned here is that there is a
reason I filter out some comments rich
the rich agenda is beneficial to
everybody what what I can only assume is
what you're what you're asking is what I
think about the game but your question
is really like what do I think about the
character of Super Mario what I will say
is um on the subject of Super Mario what
a weird question thank you for filtering
that out what a weird question your
question is stop the chip it stopped the
stream it stopped every frying
everything is come to a screeching halt
here's what I will say because what most
people don't understand about Mario is
that regular Mario is tiny you know you
start the game as regular Mario right
yes and Super Mario is after you get a
mushroom then you turn it to big Mario
uh-huh what that actually is is a really
neat way of hiding a health meter right
because you know you if you turn into
Super Mario then you get a hit and
you're yeah sure sure but it's it's
essentially a health meter and then if
you get a powerup obviously that gives
you one more hit so it's a it's a really
neat way of of hiding a health meter if
that's a thing
so okay so there is my thoughts on Super
Mario here to ask question oh that was a
bad one to take Don dead everybody dead
done dead everybody did in this game by
Isaac probably one yeah fuck it
what everything's I'm good
you know it's meta means losing some
hearts okay
but generally killing but I should not
have I made a bad gamble his base okay
is the moral of the story
and la taking some taking some hits rich
what is your opinion on Turtles Leonardo
all the way one 100% Leonardo hmm it's
my opinion on turtles okay
I guess that's fair Jack I would no one
wanted a fight
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles as a group
or Batman I mean the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles okay I just thought I'd
ask
that's my knee-jerk is tangent Ninja
Turtles yeah obviously there's more of
them
Batman training to be a ninja from the
time his parents died
yeah the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
all four of them trained to be ninjas
from the time they were pretty much born
yeah yeah they've known nothing else but
being right right than being ninjas they
lived it they breathed it it's hard and
colluded with the Ninja Turtles also
have no qualms on killing oh is that
true oh that's for the for the classic
comic book turtles that is 150 percent
true Cheerilee okay oh that's great
150 percent true health up I will take
ya know the turtles all the way then
Turtles all the way Mario Mario says
turtle enemies have the IQ of 40 usually
yeah if you if you're you're if you're
Turtles on the cartoon turtles that's
that's true but I'm talking about the
damn classic Eastman and Laird black and
white nerdy turtles right shit got real
hair Oh got real hundred percent well
you'd be safe you just float it over
those rocks wouldn't you I did put on
these rocks
I'm delayed Jack oh I did float over the
rocks hold on I devil ring I don't see
things as they happen Jack I know I know
and people keep mentioning by the way
and this is hopefully going to stop at
least two people from mentioning there
is a way to share my screen with you
through Skype so you could watch live
but then I would be sending another
video signal out ooh
okay so rich do I spend a permanent
heart container I get a temporary blue
heart container but my damage and my
speed goes up uh well what do you think
Jack like right now I'm pretty killing
it but if my damage went up a little bit
I would kill it way more
if you're already killing it yeah
basically I did it you know I don't know
that it's worth it
probably not that was probably a dumb
idea but I did it anyway okay I also
unlocked an achievement because of that
unlocks a character so so then it's
double worth it
Oh rich oh oh nice balls of steel I just
got a couple soul hearts so double worth
it okay here we go
fighting the boss hey can somebody in
the chat wants to know if if there's
anybody we think the Batman would be huh
we're talking about four on one four
ninjas versus one ninja yeah unless
you're unless you're actually using the
adverse ninja law which I'm not it's
just outnumbered against four opponents
who are not at all opposed to using
lethal force yeah we I'm not gonna take
this pony but I just wanted to ride the
pony for a little bit wait and a holy
death
ah Hoku or superman i don't think that's
a real question so anyone can defeat
Superman if they have kryptonite so I
don't count that as a real question okay
they're they're both absurd characters
when it comes to strength how's that
yeah that's there you go
I can't take Goku seriously No oh yeah
whatever you picked up you you look
lamer
with a pony yeah pony yeah yeah look a
little lamer I mean you're flying too
exactly well no I like I said I just
wanted to ride it around for a little
bit no I had to choose oh okay I had to
choose between that or my reusable pill
generator and more than a couple times I
have gotten really good pills so I'm not
getting rid of my reusable pill
generator okay right now I'm doing
really well on health I really want to
find I'm sorry and just be over with it
because I'm killing
Oh
how about one ninja turtle versus Batman
Michelangelo would lose pretty easily
yeah
Donatello would be bested yeah Raphael
all he has going for him is brute
strength
the Batman would I would think him yeah
Leo stands chance sure I would still say
I think Batman would win you know Leo
and Raph would put up the best fights
but ultimately Raphael was prone to
anger and I think Batman wouldn't just
not lose his cool and Raphael would and
that would be the end of it yeah Leo
schoolin calculating is well trained and
he's got two big swords he's not afraid
to use that o stands a chance
yes but Batman I say yea he done he
takes out any of the others individually
I even think Batman has a better than
even chance of beating Leo okay that's
fine that's fine and he would take out
Michelangelo and Donatello together I
don't know about Leo and Raph together
though
not a guaranteed loss
right like we've talked about our
general like like and dislike of Batman
in general don't don't look Batman
yeah don't think we're just hating on
Batman here it's we're just trying to be
practical nerds as far as number I think
who I think would win in the fight
yeah well white is the best hour in
Isaac
look at that
that man would pit Rafael against Leo I
could see that happening
what do you mean like he would turn them
against each other something yeah
Oh tracking violent Psychopaths so I
could easily see that happen
okay I'm gonna face mom's heart now
because I don't feel like exploring
anymore let's go
didn't you today to do the fighting
mouse are fighting mom sorry
everything's great
what the fuck indeed rich thank you for
subscribing phlegm in my throat
spooky modem spooky modem thank you for
subscribing we appreciate it
ooh we're going deeper rich yeah we can
go deeper into hell oh my god can you
like fully beat the game beat the game
100% oh no it was our own comeback what
happened Oh apparently oh well how did
you fuck up like real bad Oh No
what happened so apparently so you know
like a devil room opened up and a
gateway into Hell opened up so I could
have gone down to hell and beat Satan
which I've done on my Vita but
apparently if you leave the devil room
and closes forever Oh jack oh this and
this is why you tune in the see me fuck
I don't suppose you could bum that door
no no no how
oh the Joker card that's right that's
right the Joker card what does that do
what the fuck what the oh someone is
subscribing for my failure rich nikhyl
thank you for subscribing this might
think that's neat kill any AC AI ohms it
works you're back in action I'm back in
action oh my god alright alright that
was almost I mean that was really
embarrassing thank you confirmed for J
for showing people my crocodile brain ah
okay back in action we're in hell
we are we're gonna we're gonna try to
we're gonna fight the devil hopefully if
we can find the devil we're gonna fight
the devil obviously what is the Joker
the Joker card takes you to the devil oh
okay okay and usually those like kind of
randomly spawn like sometimes after you
fight a boss but a Joker card will take
you there got real yeah real lucky brief
for realsies sir poop on your head yeah
yes there is poop on my hands is it is
it worth it
your dignity for whatever that does yes
it is
it was badass for the cloak and bat
wings and horns and eyepatch in my laser
blood and you've got a poopy on your
head uh my my pride would keep me from
whatever advantages the PES my pride
couldn't eat leafy music that sure and
that's the difference between how do I
pause the game family Oh Otis eat your
bonus room the poop on your head turns
all flies into non attack flies people
in the chat are saying to use the Joker
card again I already use the Joker card
is it one time you yeah maybe it just
hasn't maybe my chat is first oh yeah
okay never mind never mind
oh my god what does this do okay this
item there's a secret room in the devil
room there's an item that's a meteorite
and it sticks inside of your head and
makes your tears circle around you like
it gives you gravitate gravity yeah what
does it do if I have brimstone will it
make me awesome or will it - do it -
check it out I don't know that's why I'm
asking
this games too much like Zelda Jack oh I
know yeah it's all magis it's so magis
take tiny planet is what they're saying
yeah I don't know tiny plate do it do it
eat ok guys I'm doing it I'm doing it I
took it
it's worth brimstone ok I did it let's
see what it does
ok let's see if you guys horribly fucked
me oh my god
what oh I can't wait to see it don't
tell me it's really I'm not gonna touch
it
are you super badass though no it's it's
just does something really weird I don't
know if it's a good thing or a bad thing
it just does something weird I think so
I don't know are you seeing this yet no
you're not seeing it I haven't seen you
fire it nothing picked it up ok
you should be coming close this thing
guy fire yeah so I don't know if that
helps or hurts err yeah no not neither I
mean if you're close to touching things
yeah yeah vaporize them I think so good
so good is what we're gonna say yeah cuz
it's still firing straight yeah
instantly this has been lucky poop
though I'm gonna hold onto this poop
oh man okay we're at the boss okay let's
let's do this no reason not to fight and
Satan fight and Satan rich comically
overpower I'm not as over it looks like
it looks that way to me but what do I
know about Messer right
I'm yeah I'm good I'm good as far as
items goes okay here come safe here come
safe take did you take off your head
no I still have on my head you know why
cos fucking rich
I hope you feel safe I hope so too but I
don't think so
I'm only in a second form and I only
have one heart left there's a third form
okay third form therefore stay calm
use your training what training I don't
know okay there's some kind of training
Walter absolutely oh he got me
Oh have you have you beaten him before I
have okay I have beat on my feet I beat
him yeah well not I'm not on no that was
a good one I felt good getting there
getting that far is it always a fun
thing did you did you make it to the
third floor
yeah I made it to the foot I made it to
the third floor oh yeah you're not
seeing that yet I forget that you're
that you're behind I made the third form
and whew and you know what I just I feel
good about that run like you know you
get that far I still beat mom's heart so
that still counts as a win against mom
I'm sorry I still unlock some items
though I'm gonna feel good about this
I'm gonna because I have no choice
ah hey it's a good run Jack I thank you
I felt good about that and now we can
end this dream at a quasi reasonable
time where you can go shopping for
computer part that's if I'm not too
tired to even do that
oh my lord what are you talking about
believe me Jack been a long day you woke
up like two hours ago
company in town this week that's closer
to a reasonable hour sure sure Oh is
that's a good question right who do you
think would win in a fight Satan or
Batman Satan I'm sorry
you don't think that Batman would stand
a chance against us no I do not
against the magical angel
Oh rich there they're asking you to
stream your shopping no okay no it's
very so here's the real takeaways of
this dream I get Isaac and spelunky
because they're great games rich is not
allergic to my cat or anyone who missed
that at the beginning of extreme rich
came over over the weekend to play games
and is not allergic to my hypoallergenic
cat rich and biscuit are now best
friends that's natural and he loves
biscuit and pet him like oh hey you
avoided be touching the cat and rich is
gonna shop for computer parts and not
listen to your advice mostly because you
give contradictory advice I'm sure some
things and not fans of others hmm I
could say I'm getting a Nvidia graphics
card and half the travel say that's
great the other channel say no you're
wrong until over AMD I think for the
first time ever on a computer I've built
you don't have the chance gonna say
that's great bitch do you have chance
gonna say no that's wrong you're right
you're absolutely right I'm gonna say
I'm not gonna get a solid-state drive
because I think the other things are
more important and every one of the
chances gonna say no reg ya dumb oh yeah
already they're saying don't get AMD
don't make my mistake
who did what Batman versus
biscuit rich wins would be biscuit yeah
Batman would beat it he's a cat come on
he's a big cat he's a giant cat
and he has claws but I mean come on bear
why do you even want Batman to beat
superhumans when his rogues gallery are
all human beings you devalue Batman's
rogues gallery when you insist Batman
could be everybody right
it's you here's the thing Batman Batman
can heat up iron men without without
doing any kind of fancy gadget thing to
the armor then what the fuck do you care
when he goes up against two faced with a
pistol right things nothing's a
challenge at that point nothing what
Batman deal with human beings mm-hmm
he's a detective great Batman vs.
predator I read that book it's not very
good Oh since I was younger but I liked
it at the time I haven't reread it ages
but I can lend it to you to relay the
first Batman vs predator
it's comically bad all right if you say
so
I I just reread it recently because I
remembered it being great when I was and
it is comically bad you know what I
recently read for the first time I
didn't read all of it I kind of gave up
part way through operated a hush Batman
hush was that that was kind of a famous
Batman story for some years back Jim Lee
came out of retirement to draw a year
long Batman story
oh god I've written by what's-his-face
Loeb I think one of the famous Batman
writers and it's cut bad very hyped up
at the time okay yeah I read through it
I can't look to the first half and like
this is kind of bad oh okay
oh so two very important questions rich
one Batman versus space cop
um Batman I see I think space cop would
win because he has a giant laser gun
well space cop does have the
invulnerability shape right space cops a
little o P yeah space cop has a and
space cop has the giant laser gun and no
moral compass face cop is easily
outwitted cuz he doesn't try very hard
that's not the space cop is stupid
yeah space cop is extraordinarily lazy
he does not give a shit ok the other
really important question is Batman vs
Super Mario with a fire flower that's
true thank you all for coming out thank
you to the new subscribers thank you to
the old subscribers and thank you to
everyone who listens to us be idiots we
really appreciate you guys coming out
I mean Mario would win let's be honest
I'm gonna go shopping
