Dec 7, 2014
Space Quest 1
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3610175, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnzuq40K2Qg
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3610308, https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3610334, https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3610560, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xm3FpRvPPp8
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3610819, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGaYYmFxeF8
2:46pm: "There is a stream tonight, 8:30pmCST. Rich may be too busy "calibrating his hard disk" to call in... we'll see." (archive.vn/3FsUV)

[Part I]
ah so it is quite possible that we have
just started streaming as always we're
going to wait to hear it but just in
case I'm going to send out the tweet now
rich do you want to tell them what we're
playing do you do you have it installed
I don't have it installed yet why don't
you do that nimble tell them all
straight hey do you have that little
confidence and while we're doing yes yes
that would be accurate to say and
there's nothing coming up in the stream
we're not streaming great we're still
offline
great great
well then I'm going to stop streaming
well give it a second give it a second
rich hold on and I'm not even prepared
here twitch.tv I'm going to check on the
stream I'm going to check on the stream
here oh my god things have gone haywire
things have gone haywire you're probably
seeing if you're seeing anything you're
seeing a black screen
I'm not the chance sees it though the
chance is it that's weird nothing in my
mind for me it still says offline I'm
gonna hit refresh you have to hit
refresh yeah they might be seeing this
just a black screen right now that's so
weird
well it happens alright alright hey I'm
getting something I broke it I broke it
because because I'm starting to play the
game and it's telling me to Center my
joystick so we can't have use a joystick
well I assume yeah I assume I don't have
to use a joystick but rich you can tell
them what we're playing now Space Quest
I had so much fun playing that small
little text adventure that small text
adventure section
of frog fractions that we are now I'm
now going to play another full-fledged
text adventure game well I mean this was
one isn't technically a text adventure
though there are enough things in common
where it might be a similar experience
yeah yeah hopefully yeah cuz you have to
type to do stuff right yes you still
like open door search desk that kind of
thing that's all I care about
yeah so this is space question quest one
Roger Wilco in the Syrian encounter
mm-hm great done okay I've just updated
the stream which obviously is very
exciting to everyone we're going to send
out a tweet in a second I need to get a
snack we were not prepared although it
starts screaming if you do not have your
snack ready because because I just
wanted to get it start Oh God because I
want oh god I'm so sorry everybody here
and here's the real thing here's the
real reason why we're running late every
once in awhile we have issues with first
of all let's get this black screen taken
care of this is first and foremost I
what is happening what is happening
everything is terrible everything is
terrible there we go okay cancel that
cancel that here we go get out of here
get out of here several art window
capture what do we want here this is
what we want properties Space Quest my
PC is doing fine
we are not streaming on my PC right now
though because while my computer now
kicks ass my internet is still shit I
still need to get an upgrade on the
internet but however I'm thinking
Wednesday I will just drag my computer
down to the studio and we can stream on
my PC from there
yeah yeah actually I kind of know what I
want to stream even so oh do you I I was
talking to cheddar
forgot a movie before you got home yeah
and uh if somebody wants to send me a
Blood Dragon i'll stream blood dragon
and somebody sent me blood dragon also
apple stream blood dragon next wednesday
first of all this game is way too loud
we're gonna you didn't hear it yet and
also it's not in full-screen anymore
how do you how do we change these
options rich and you might we'll just
turn down your speaker and we have what
you're dealing with this da spot you're
what you're using is a DOS emulator run
so right right
okay al Don I need to login as a crew
member so I'm not saying I get it you
can picture from the game what you
should be seeing now is is the blue to
red bars okay hold on my first name
first name hack obviously oh Jesus heck
heck Johnson hack Johnson
how do we I'm like what we could name
our character after somebody in the chat
I've already named it hack all agree
it's too late ok it's too late but now
like my I want to I ruined everything
basically I just wanna let you know
basically I've ruined everything like
what you can you should you should have
had this ready to go at 6 p.m. Jack
absolutely got all ready to go and just
leave it there and absolutely so you
should done mmmmmm nope ok we're back to
the ok no glared so what you should do
I'm just telling you what you should
done ok special Oh special nice how do
we quit this game obviously all toosey
press ENTER to quit okay we're going to
do it now we're doing it so first thing
we have to do is rich needs to share my
monitor so he can see what's happening
yeah that would be helpful so we're
going to share we're going to start
sharing a screen with rich so you should
be seeing this at the screen right now I
see screen indeed seven of Borgnine
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it great name
great great name killer killer name
killer name indeed you guys are going to
see my desktop in a second give me a
second here oh okay I get it
hold on give me one second not we don't
we won't want a sub-region okay and then
we say obviously monitor capture and
position size fit to screen great great
and here we go okay oh no you're seeing
a super tiny technical things technical
things
oh that's weird cuz right now I'm seeing
it fullscreen yeah
but the the stream the chat is seeing it
in a tiny window I just clicked to the
chat window and I can see that yeah yeah
also space cadaver thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
alright hold on hold on we are going to
get this figured out speed action file
quit we are going to get this figured
right out you guys are seeing my lovely
desktop my Windows desktop actually um
go back and you can try all to enter try
and make it not fullscreen mmm I don't
know if dos box will freak out though
you could try that I had it in not
fullscreen for a little bit oh lordy all
to enter what does that oh that does it
okay great I cool alright we're going to
try this again monitor capture select
sub region select region just this box
but now it's gonna be super tiny for you
rich yeah well shit happens yes yes it
does you know what I could about you I
mean it might but were you know it
doesn't matter we're gonna okay so now
there we go now you guys do doot doot
doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot
there now you guys should see what we
see and actually you know what I can I
adjust what you see change Oh quiet Oh
quiet rich okay great what matters is
what you can see I want you to enjoy
this I want to share my love of a
classic that's your adventurous well
great
that's I mean you know I like I said
I've really loved that little bit of
text adventuring in the Frog fraction so
I think I'm going to enjoy this but rich
I need you hello yes can you hear me
yeah you need me to what I need you to
fill some time that's fine
while I go get a snack how much time do
you need me to fill Jack how about
taking us about a minute Lee about a 1
minute off uh uh and we're gonna get the
tap dancing again aren't we tap dancing
us from house is going to end uh new PC
is working great uh yeah dead air I love
it I I can't talk I know some people
were talking about the the VG ace and
what a what a pointless thing to watch a
fake award show so you can watch game
advertisements and that just sounds
wonderful you know somebody somebody
sent me a link to the the something that
happened in this VGA and I guess they
did a tribute to Ken and Roberta
Williams the people who actually made
Sierra games and that's that's charm and
it's it's it's nice seeing them now and
they gave them you know they gave them
an award and then and then I realized
the only reason they brought them out
there to give them a fake ward was that
somebody could advertise the King's
Quest remake that they have nothing to
do with and it just made me sad there's
a resist sad so we're making I don't
know the doing the other games
somebodies remake I don't know rebooting
is more accurate thing to say I guess
King's Quest I doubt it's gonna be an
adventure game it's probably probably to
turn into like a platformer or something
stupid I don't know sure the VGA is Jack
did you pay any attention to that shit
not even a little bit yeah and and we I
had some people ask me you know like
what our thoughts were on it and it was
just like oh we don't care we do our own
thing all the time
um that's my thoughts on that where why
would anybody watch this right who cares
its butt and by the way it's the exact I
feel the exact same way about stuff like
the Oscars and the Screen Actors Guild
Award it doesn't matter it's the thing
though those are actually legitimate
awards right no no I cuz because I don't
care about those awards like the BGA's
are less legitimate than the Grammys
yeah the everything none of that matters
as we mentioned all the time with people
like on asking us how we feel about
games it's like if you enjoyed that's
all that matters who cares about award
shows oh yeah I'm gonna press enter here
um here we go Space Quest okay I mean
you know what I am gonna just put in my
name my first name is Jack thanks fun
because I want to be immersed in this
okay I'll learn learn to save there
should be a button to quick save you're
gonna want to use that a lot you can you
can die f5 yeah save game can and
probably will die on which disk or in
which directory do you wish to save his
name just type in it yeah okay um save
game one like that yeah oh sure
Space Quest save game one oh you will
need up just hide like see okay okay
yeah yeah C :
spacey quest one she's gonna save into
whatever whatever whatever folder dust
boxes emulating Dawson will be C c : c :
/ whatever sure sure yeah
C cones
/ whatever see : / whatever okay there's
no directory name see : / whatever what
Oh God see : / okay great see : and by
the way I'm just saving this right - no
it's just a lot of the directory I just
wanted to think it just wanted see : /
it want it no I just wanted to know what
director you are ok I'm Hey I'll accept
turd Ferguson thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
ok great how would you like to describe
this saved game space quest
oh one great I'm about to save new game
great
we did it rich we saved the game oh wait
we're saved
can you even see in the plenty little
screen chances you know they're just
seeing the blown-up version yeah yeah I
uh I mean you know oh I can kind of see
I can kind of see Mike you know what my
question is is if I um now if I go
fullscreen
oh I can move left and right this isn't
a text adventure at all look at I'm
moving left and right I think I said
there's some movement involved it was
like interactive things you have to type
it like type look around oh yeah I can
do that so I type in it look around this
is one of the many hallways in the arc
in the Arcadia great ship look at door
you know you still do all of the the
text type commands sure you have just
locked I just walked in I mean that's
what I do
that's what I do I walk into things um
also for anyone asking like what I
thought of the Zelda footage we know no
more did you see the Zelda footage I was
looking for boobage I was trying to
figure out if Leykis folks if you had
roll the summer
hahahaha could see the character model
from the side I'm like looking at is
that maybe I was I was checking I was I
was I was eyeballing link sure right
sure yeah um all but also like game play
wise we know nothing still it's good
yeah it's gonna look pretty we don't
know what type of game is going to be it
doesn't matter it's it was it a part of
the hype machine I know more or less
hyped than I was okay rich we actually
like these Star Wars trailer yes well no
the Star Wars trailer is a little
different because we finally got visuals
all this is is the same visuals we had
before you know but rich we have just
stumbled into a small dark and very
cluttered utility closet many things
fall most of them landing on you doesn't
say much for your cleaning prowess well
then get out of there well what's in the
closet
I don't remember a lot of these puzzles
so I'm not I'm not actually not giving
you a hint I don't remember a lot um but
you take a like surge closet oh look
around search that does not compute did
you search closet
yeah tell what you're doing it - uh no
say what um okay okay well I just want
to look around you can't see anything in
here because it is dark uh turn on
lights Oh turn on light say what all
right
I don't think I can do anything in here
I don't think there's anything to do
with her okay first I want to get out of
here there we go
okay let's go this way let's see what
happens if we walk this way walking this
way
settle down everyone oh there's a dead
body other side of that wall on the
other side of that wall so I can't see
on the other side of this wall yet hope
I ran into a wall okay you you can see
the body though so oh yeah can I say
look at body oh no no I'm just I think I
think that's a hint that I need could be
it could be that I need to go there I
think like I said I don't remember a lot
of the puzzles in this first game it's
been admitted frog frog fractions I was
giving you hints left and right there's
some I'm less sure of a lot I don't
remember oh there's more dead bodies
rich in a broken door you think you hear
footsteps oh well I don't care oh oh oh
no so I died yeah the alien observes his
handiwork briefly then leaves so as you
lie on the floor and a smoldering carbon
gelatinous heap Carbon gelatinous heap
you can't help but wonder why you
bothered getting up this morning so then
that's it thank you for for thank you
for playing space quest to men you
failed miserably hands of the Syrians
you continue playing the skillful is
this you'll never have a chance for a
sequel better luck next time that is
great so then what so then what do I do
so I go to file restore right yeah file
restore again and then you'll be able to
pick out there you there we go so now
hey quick save is your friend quick save
is my friend also dick the birthday boy
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it and yes there goes the no
death run there goes oh what were we
doing a no death run we were I wasn't
telling you about it thank you because
we're not doing another throne okay you
know I'm in a room so look around that's
what you always do first this is this is
the Arcadia's data archive many volumes
of information are stored on data
cartridges there is a computer console
here look at console the console
consists of a screen keyboard and
cartridge slot a top it rests a module
DX cartridge retrieval unit so okay okay
put cartridge in unit you don't you
don't have a cartridge oh I need to pick
up cartridge
ah that can't be done right now went on
uh oh oh there's no cartridge on top no
I'm not I'm not telling you how to do
things the council consists of a screen
keyboard and cartridge slot a top
addressed a a module DX cartridge
retrieval unit ah cat oh damn what's
that uh Kato dare you mangry I think
that's how you're supposed to pronounce
that thank you for subscribing really
okay
oh there's a cartridge retrieval unit
activate DX I think they love the word
here is use you oh okay use DX oh okay
use cartridge retrieval console unit
what about console use console how would
you like to do that
what oh no I don't understand rich how
would I like to do what how would I like
to use the console but I want to I want
to retrieve a cartridge you have to give
me you have to give me a little hint
here because I don't know the rules I
don't know the play style oh hold on
help okay
turns the sound off sets your joystick
toggles are you oh that doesn't help
that doesn't help at all
that does not compute um you know you
might be spelling things wrong and that
could be also I think I think that might
be the problem
uh-huh hold on okay so what uh wait what
do I want to do again well well your
first priority is not to die well I'm
not gonna die in here so I just want to
use this computer yeah use console that
is correct that is currently down one
Israel hey jaws of Zadar thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it look at
console the council consists of a screen
keyboard and cartridge slot a top it
rests a module DX cartridge retrieval
unit okay so use cartridge retrieval
unit look at screen look at screen oh
okay here we go
no in somewhere to select a cartridge
enter the title below press ENTER to
quit title cartridge available with top
security clearance only oh well I should
have top security clearance don't you
think you're a janitor oh oh I'm a
janitor you're a space janitor oh my god
I didn't know then just let you start
off the game in the closet oh so we
don't know what any of these are called
well you know that meant that that could
just mean well this is something we'll
use later sure select a cartridge to
select the cartridge into the side okay
so so we don't know once we get a
cartridge title we'll be able to
probably use that ok can we come you
look look look at heart okay this is the
Arcadia's data archive many volumes of
information are stored on data
cartridges there is a computer console
here look college don't look at the chat
because they're going to spoil things
looking at the okay so I typed in look
at cartridges looking at the wall you
see shelves
of data cartridges which can only be
removed with the richer and only unit
okay that doesn't help all right you
know what if zelda 2 has taught us
anything i should look under this table
i'm pretty sure we're gonna have to come
back here later I don't think there's
anything you're doing wrong okay then
we're getting out of here
yeah I'm going through this door or not
there we go
if I hear footsteps I know to run away
also yeah I see dead bodies nothing much
I can do about that I'd love something
you can look at the bodies well I could
look at the body sure bud oh oh here's a
body oh look at body it appears to be
one of your crewmates he is
non-functional a search body you
searched the body of your crew mate and
find a keycard nice look at keycard
what oh did I did I write a guide oh
look at key card hit the tab button is
there a brother what button brings up
the menu in Space Quest one I didn't
remember you know oh it says oh well you
didn't pick up
ha what I have to pick it up the keycard
yep okay I take the keycard there we go
oh god oh man these games that's what I
see that's what I love rich is like the
logic is all there but you have to type
it out okay the keycard is a flat
rectangular piece of synthetic material
which is magnetically keyed for passing
check stations written in tiny letters
are the words beak and hinder security
systems okay great all right I'm going
to go in this little elevator thing here
all right we're gonna search these
bodies now because that's what you do in
video games you search bodies um
search body you search the body a body
reveals nothing okay let's go to this
one search body I don't know okay by the
way I need to get better at typing yeah
this is this is a thing for me okay that
my search for the body reveals nothing
what's in here oh the bridge oh my god
there's more bodies rich there's a key
that'll like repeat the last command you
typed out sure you search body over and
over I don't remember what it is though
something okay hold on I'm gonna search
these bodies and then I'm gonna look
around this is very exciting
okay here we go search body Oh Jack what
safe safe oh jesus not lappets up now
that something's coming up it's just
that it's a habit you gotta get into cuz
sure it's not you gotta like find that
fucking key card again and everything Oh
gotcha
okay I say it it's only that Keys f3 to
repeat a thing okay look around this is
the star generator development
laboratory due to your incredibly low
security clearance you have never been
allowed access to this room
great um that's it I mean I can't it
doesn't give me anything else to go off
of in here where'd it's a it's a
specific all it said is due to your
incredibly low security access you've
never been you've never had access to
this room before I look at look at
control panel look at look and control
panel
your mind is boggled in attempting to
understand the function of the various
buttons switches lights and displays it
appears the board is not operating
what's that thing in the scent of the
room try look at device to see what it
says oh generator look at generates a
generator right yeah yeah should I look
at generator look and generate or there
is no star generator here to look at Oh
the star generator is missing okay so
it's probably been stolen moving I guess
sure well then let's get out of here or
I'll just move over here what's this
thing can I look at panel your mind is
boggled okay the board is not operating
okay I need a generator oh come I need a
star generator rich is that is that a
screen on the back area is there a
screen you can look there just just out
of curiosity okay let's go back here and
I'm really not I'm really not hitting
there are a lot of things I don't
remember about the first base class at
this point sure look at screen oh
warning self-destruct mechanism has been
armed evacuate ship immediately this is
not just oh oh Jesus
okay getting out of here my guy can't
walk around guys he can't walk very fast
I tried oh also a chat I tried looting
the bodies and there was nothing in them
okay another one oh he needed that one
oh okay let's let's go look at this guy
okay doo doo doo doo doo look at body
this is another of your nan Fung all
right search body that's what we need to
do search body okay turns out nothing
here's a down elevator this takes us to
someplace new let's go in here
Oh whoo this looks like an important
place to be this looks like an
evacuation area rich it does it does
should I save Liam probably probably
here I'll search this body then I'll
saved search body your search of the
laser riddled corpse reveals nothing at
five Space Quest Oh three great eye
we're getting out here we're leaving
this we're leaving this hunk of ship ooh
this looks important okay look around
you are in the central control area of
the Arcadia the reactor domes pulsate
irregularly as if they had been tampered
with
this does not look good through the
window just above the control console
you can see down into the vehicle bay
below okay I can see into the vehicle
bay that's good right yeah cuz I want a
body search body never know what you're
gonna find Jack always hurts a body you
search the damaged body of your fellow
crewmen you get too close you get too
close a glimpse of the injury in the
pockets you find nothing oh I find
nothing so what's this uh what did look
around say what is this that I'm looking
at what's this that doesn't out look
around I'm in the central control area
of their Cady they were actor domes
pulsate irregularly yeah yeah so if
they've been tampered with does that not
this does not look good through the
window just above the control console
you can see down into the vehicle bay
below okay so you look at the bay and
you can look at the domes I guess on the
console by the window our two buttons
marked open bay door and closed bay door
I mean press open bay door
press open the door nice what did that
do nothing that opened the door sure
look at dome the domes cover access
tubes to the Arcadia's power plant they
are bolted closed since they seldom
require maintenance okay so they're
bolted close I can't do nothing um press
closed bay door
well can you still can you go to your
right further probably but I don't want
to have the bay door open in case okay
I'll go over there and gets blown out
into space wouldn't that be fun though
shit
search body your search of the corpse oh
here's something though this looks like
something I can press umm look around oh
okay no nothing in here but an elevator
alas it is not open
you have adorned you have adorned the
door with a small circle notice the door
oh my god that's so funny
um old Pete thank you for subscribing
I have adorned to the door with a small
circle of nose grease where were you
karl malden this could have gotten ugly
what is that a big nose he had a big
nose
karl malden okay is it next to the door
what does that as a keycard thing Andy I
said look around and it didn't say
anything look at wall oh I need to be
more specific you can be the walls are
all nondescript except for a keycard
unit near the elevator there you go
okay um in cert no use keycard you slide
the keycard into its slot you hear an
audible click
you take the keycard back I think I need
to open that bay door
I'll tell you what I'm gonna go back
here and open that bay door okay
we still haven't retrieved whatever the
cartridge thing that yet - oh my lord
and we are ready that room is probably
not there for no reason
sure sure press open bay door beep okay
great I open the bay door I'm probably
gonna get sucked out into space or blown
out into space right that's a safe save
before you walk in there okay you think
your subject what if your footsteps what
about my footsteps you hear them
oh no look the screen oh no getting out
of here getting out of here
elastance is not open what do you mean I
use my key card you use it again hold on
at five
slightly way oh my god okay just be
careful about saving now is you're in
danger now you know what you don't want
to get to a yo save right before you die
Oh Lord
you're right use key card you slut okay
I hear an audible click great okay got
out of it oh oh I'm in a new area okay
look around this is the flight prep room
of the Arcadia as you can see there is a
sign on the back wall as well as two
clothes closet doors and two button two
closet doors and two buttons look at
buttons there are no buttons here what
won't you buy the console two buttons
there's two buttons by the actual doors
oh I see okay sure this game I want you
to be standing next to things we
actually use sure yeah look at buttons
there are two buttons here a left button
and a right button okay okay
press left button OOP what's in there ah
look in closet it looks like an
electrical gadget of some sort
Oh gadget take
take item I don't understand huh take
ketchup they call it a gadget no take
gadget oopsies gadgety listen I know
take Oh get out of here
take GAD jet so look at dad
jet written on the electronic gadget are
the words dialect translator on one end
oh great dialect translator great press
whoopsy press right on Bhutan Oh a
spacesuit look in closet you see a
flight suit oh man put on flight suit
gets huge get suit nice oh I have a
flight suit on rich you know what I am a
ball and can I open door open door the
doors are controlled by the buttons you
must push the appropriate one
oh I so I have to go over here probably
okay the doors are open are you enjoying
this Jack I am enjoying this okay I grew
up on this game I can't go there what
don't you go wrong now well let me go
around it says warning the bay doors are
open oh I bet I have to go and close
those bay doors
ah uh-oh I think I think you just die if
you go in there without a space suit
suit sure shoot suit well there's you
see the lower part of the screen can you
reach the buttons from there just try it
oh look at but console there no buttons
here try look at console console you'll
need to get closer but I can't go around
walk all the way down I mean that
necessarily no I tried it here I'll walk
over here walk over right a bit now down
oh look at that okay okay I guess that
makes sense I tried getting there before
all right coming over coming over here
we go
look at calm soul boom the console is
adorned with many status indicators one
button on the right is marked air lock
press air lock
oh good I opened it up okay
see I know we're going to have to go
back well no of course we are well we
got a timer Jack yeah well there's
nothing I can do okay where am I
there I am oh I lost myself for a second
rich oh and yeah by the way yet for
those asking the chat yes we are playing
this on hard right now um right this is
great look at calm so oopsie look around
at console looking at the console you
see a button marked platform there is
also some gauges which don't interest
you okay look around great uh press
flush button yay there's nice an escape
pod but right but I shouldn't go in this
escape pod is what you're saying
ah well try it I mean I'm wondering if
it'll just prevent you hold on you know
what I see someone in the chat going
this that's the the grand lesson of life
in this game say good we have to go back
if we have to go back I got a feeling
you're gonna roundabouts at a time I
mean I'm definitely gonna run out of
time yeah one I'm going into the escape
pod enter escape a pod you cannot
perform that act from here okay you're
on the one side doors on the others oh I
see that look at that that's adorable
that's adorable
come here how do I get there
enter escapa pod ooh nice
look around you are sitting in the
pilot's seat of the escape pod facing
toward the window there is a dark
console before you and a seat belt strap
at your side confused as to what you
should do you wish you would have paid
more attention during crew orientation
put on seat belt done um press a button
you should specify which button you
would like to push the a button J I know
we need something very important from
that cartridge room we if we can leave
if we escape in this pod we won't be
able to finish the game okay if not
let's just do that I know this take off
seat belt done leave pod okay we're
going back we're going back we're going
back I know it so I know I need
something there Jacobin all right no
that's fine yeah we aren't we are saves
and things go wrong yeah okay this guy
moves very slowly also upsettingly
slowly here we go
Oh boom okay boop boop boop boop
all right we're going Oh get out of here
by oh I think I hear footsteps rich I'm
gonna die yeah no it's okay
is it that's okay I have all those save
spaces the save states okay so these are
bolted down I can't do anything with the
disks I need to go way back I know
there's not enough time you got ever I
see the chat we'll be fine we'll be
oh no I hear footsteps I'm getting a
chat I'm gonna get shot
I mean I've saved States I have a bunch
of save states you know if we fail was
eggs I told you to leave that console
room for later yeah so it's on me
if something goes wrong I think I hear
footsteps getting out of here okay
so where do I go up and into that room
on the right oppan I need to go you
think I need to go back into that room
yeah okay
all right here we go here we go roll up
video
bleep bleep all right here we go here we
go here we go here we go yeah don't walk
towards the sound okay well I don't know
which way toward the sound is chat
doesn't tell me it doesn't tell me well
like which direction the sound is coming
from okay we're back in the room rich
all right all right um look at console
oh the doors oh the doors open and a man
you recognized as one of the lab
scientists answers he appears to be
injured oh my god what Hawkman talked to
man after only a few steps he slumps
onto the floor
oh um talk to man oh you easy love doing
the other message on there let's have it
again tipping in his current condition
the man is not much of a
conversationalist
um search bondage I have some respect
for the dying oh no oh no it's on me
it's on me that's okay we'll go back to
an old safe state kaboom rich thank you
for saying thank you for playing okay so
we go to restore and I mean we shouldn't
we need to go back to like Space Quest -
yeah that's okay it's okay we know what
to do sort of go faster okay here we go
leaving this room everyone okay getting
out of here Killman search body
hmm all right getting out of here
getting out of here okay we'll go back
up rich you have forsaken us the chat
says I was like forsaking them what do I
do
you've killed us all rich oh well yeah
Evan it's gonna happen sooner or later
man we're gonna sighs lunch it's gonna
be fun
exactly yes everyone make sure to keep
track of how much I died because it will
happen a lot okay gets credit for that
one mmm so do I need to talk to the man
before he dies is that I don't know if
you can't talk to him before he dies all
right well let's let's go if I go over
here while I meet up with him oh good he
appears to be injured uh here in his
white talked to man Oh
Oh I need to let him die on the floor
after only a few footsteps he slumps to
the floor uh look man try that look at
man man a large laser hole has been
burned into his uniform through which
you can see previously unexposed tissue
struggling painfully he raises up one
elbow right now no look oh he's taste
talk hose up he looks over towards the
shells full of cartridges and utters the
words astral body and then settles to
the floor lifeless okay okay great
we know what we need to do then right
yeah yeah look screen look at screen
astral body searching title found
retrieving me see I was I was hoping I
just wouldn't let us get that far
without the cartridge but it did I was
hoping you would have to come back
because I knew we needed to get this so
like was the thing like we were supposed
to come back into the room we needed to
leave and come back yeah what was the
sacrament oh that's kind of lame but I
mean I guess that's just the thing you
learned okay so now what so now or take
whatever I mean it both board should
work done okay I have the cartridge okay
now we do exactly what we did before and
it's all my fault that we had to go back
and do this oh no oh no oh well then
there we go uh as you lined the floor
and smoldering yeah yeah well then get
out of here restore you know what I'm
gonna go back to I'm gonna go back to
space quest one really yeah okay cuz
then we're Chloe or even closer at Space
Quest that's fine that's fine okay okay
coming here so here we see all the stuff
we see this say look screen look at
screen okay alright now we'll leave this
room uh-huh
I didn't know what I did try to do I
tried to insert the cartridge oh so now
if we go back in the room we'll just
turn around and go right back into the
room that old man should should come in
right that's that's the idea or do I
need to go set the self-destruct first
well the self-destruct I think is
already set
is it oh oh he oh here's the old man
yeah he slumps look at man he raises up
one elbow yeah okay
he tells you the Arcadia is under attack
and that the star generator is in danger
you have better leave it if you value
your life you look over towards the
shells full of cartridges and and he
utters the word astral body okay okay
one no we have not set the self-destruct
yet um why don't I think I think it's
already set I think the aliens did that
okay
astral body searching title found
retrieving we've already done all this
mm-hmm okay now I got save yeah honestly
we need to get that cartridge in then
save you can speed up the game too
though I don't necessarily recommend
doing that well good yeah but countdown
is going on okay uh take Kurt true take
cartridge done got it now can I insert
the cartridge or the alien going to come
back in uh what's you trying to do the
last time look at console hold on the
console consists of a screen keyboard
and cartridge slot so now that I have a
cartridge I should put it in slot yeah
insert in swert in sort incidence in
smart cartridge into slot I don't
understand court Rajai a slot oh no nope
okay so by the way attempting to insert
the cartridge into the slot is what
kills us because once again an alien
suddenly came in and killed me okay
god damn it so I'm definitely not
supposed to do that save right before
grabbing the cartridge this time yeah
yeah okay we're going back to space
quest one because that seems to be the
quickest way ah
I didn't say first you're right you're
right you're right you guys you're right
and when you're right you're right and
you chat are always right I don't want
you to enjoy this Jack I am okay I am
doing this like it's still a ruin this
for you you know what it is rich these
games are a different pace
you know what keep going to the right
while we get that left why don't we get
that key card first - oh yeah
which one had the key card the one all
the way to the left we're gonna need
that yeah we are going to need that in
swert court rigidity or court Ruggiero
ball look at na here some surge good I
am a terrible typist okay I have a key
here now great
no good I take nope
god damn it here right uh-huh
you take the kicker okay now I have no
now guy dies and save guy dies well no I
can I can take the cartridge and then
save but don't insert the cartridge
that's important well there's got to be
a reason for that that insert thing
what do you mean the if you even can
insert a cartridge it's weird if you
don't have to use that you know yeah I
agree
where's the guy the door opens and a man
you recognize oh no he's been injured
wait can i grab man no do you want fried
um talk or no look at man yeah look at
man he raises up one elbow now we wait
he tells you the arcadia is under attack
and that the star generator is in danger
you have better leave it if you value
your life he looks over toward the
shells full of cartridges and utters the
words
astral body he then settles to the floor
lifeless okay do-do do-do I guess I'm
walking away come over here look at
screen astral body boom searching tired
of found retrieving yeah
yeah
okay so now what's the deal with with
one when we get the cartridge cuz I
believe it save it before you rapid then
we'll figure it out
absolutely okay use like that the new
save - yep save - yes great take cart
Ridge done I got done okay now one and
try insert cartridge the alien will come
in again well we have that safe right
there yes so in cert cart Ridge alien
comes in boom okay okay that's fine so
that's the nodding we're learning things
yeah okay getting out of here
restore space quiz - what happens if you
just leave go - though yeah laughter
right or the left okay I'm going to the
left as if it's normal doo doo doo doo
doo an alien sure didn't come up yeah
there's no alien here okay okay what
happens if you say look at cartridge
where's the savings in our good
instructions look at oh my lord
cart red shit you do not possess did you
not get it
did you not take it I took it no you did
not
oh because because we died because we
died and this is a safe thing
yeah well rich this is a such a
different game okay take this is such a
different game okay this is a data
storage cartridge on it are the words
astral body formation the untold story
okay so what do we do let's let's try
leaving let's see if we can let's see if
we can leave all right
we go walking out the door look at this
swag this guy's got swagger okay I can
leave I am leaving
money many points do we have we have
eight points okay okay
is that important is fun to keep track
okay
you can't miss points but sure it's not
a big deal
all right I'm gonna go back in now we
because of the savestates we have not
gone into the this area so we should go
in here do we do anything in here well
the first thing no we can we use that
cartridge in here maybe due to your
incredibly low security clearance you
have never been allowed access to this
room so this is the star generator
development laboratory I don't know look
at screen look at screen this can't be
done at that in this location
you're standing too far away oh my lord
it needs to tell me what's all around
here rich these incredibly detailed
graphics I can play the games like this
all day
okay now we're here at the self-destruct
mechanism okay this is not a test we
have 14 minutes until destruction okay
get out of here is basically I think
that's which is all we need to do yes
okay all right we're getting out of here
leave this guy walk so slow I'm sorry I
have the key card already I got the key
card before saving for anyone who's
asking oh I think I hear footsteps get
out of here I'm getting out of here okay
jeez is great I don't think anything was
on any of the bodies right no and all
the bodies were empty all right good and
and it's not like a randomized right
like all the bodies will remain empty
why don't you save it sure cuz with your
fear footsteps around here occasionally
just in case the guard doesn't walk in
okay same this is new save three okay
okay good
saved
okay so now we need to open the bay
doors that's what we do over here
I do do do-do-do do-do-do go over here
and we say press open bay door beep bay
doors open now right now we're playing
to win but there are lots of fun ways
you could die in this game oh sure I bet
that has fun is is in these old games
like half the fun was just the writing
right because they have to write your
every contingency
yes um insert key card great it worked
as we knew it would games like this
remind me a lot of or what I should say
is like a game wait wait wait real quick
Jack what are you doing now save it save
it save it or no three yeah three I say
three sure now just just open the
airlock
don't put the suit on or anything just
open the airlock we're guys fun look
look at console yeah what Mary you gotta
walk around oh Jesus Christ
yeah doo doo doo doo
um in any case like a game like the
Stanley parable is something very
similar to like a modern day adventure
game like this where were you know
you're playing the game and you're
you're more doing so you're more seeing
what the writers come up with look at
console um what see here
okay press air lock okay so now you want
me to go out there yes I do
I mean if that's gonna make you happy
rich I woke a okay dude dude to do
walking out dude did it to do
oh I just keep on Oh and oops forgot my
suit didn't read the thing oh sorry
what did it say it concludes your
experiment in something funny I don't
know Oh get out Oh mister yeah yeah okay
and I'm not a hundred percent I'm not a
hundred percent sure I think you can
like smash the escape pod into the
closed beta
I take suit ah press left button
what was the space for us 3 is great
chat but Jack has never played any of
them before I wanted him to start at one
absolutely
freeze a good reason one of my favorites
written oh no this is a dialect
translator right okay so now I have the
spacesuit on warning doo doo doo doo doo
doo to do oh yeah and by the way like
right before the stream we you know we
were figuring out what to do in rich
reminded me how much fun I had playing
text adventures so we got this at
gog.com Space Quest 1 2 & 3 are 5
dollars right now on Joe Giudice you can
go through these games yourself dirt
cheap dirty sheep great great absolutely
and you know right now I'm like police
quest 1 & 2 police question police quest
game were you the same style of game is
this exact same like graphical styles
even similar only you're a policeman
okay here we are look at console there
are words a platform press platform beep
hey there's an escape pod here great doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo de
doo
I think I'm doing Superman da da da
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do enter you
got you're gonna start with a little
preamble don't don't don't don't
da da da da da da da da da da da da da
da da da da the console will consist of
a screen upon status indicators a
throttle and some buttons the buttons
are marked Auto nav power and don't
touch okay what do you wait to see I
should say if you're right
giggles why not okay don't touch press
don't touch
oh wait what was the cult all right hold
on
look consul and don't touch okay so
press don't touch that has no effect now
okay okay press press power we probably
have to turn the power on first okay so
now press
it's your seatbelt on don't know I want
to press don't touch first right okay Oh
put seat belt on what put on seat belt
done great Oh press Auto Nav
okay look at console the console Oh a
throttle and some buttons so I should
press throttle or look at or use
throttle yeah that's good one
that's going to news throught toll how
do you spell throttle hold on use FRA is
it just one T how do you spell throttle
I'm not sure well I spelt it you'd you
could look at it again and see what it
says sure hold on look I'm council
throttle yeah I thought I spelled the
right th ro TT le use throttle that is
not currently one of my passions pull
try pull oh wait wait um pull throttle
oh here we go oh we're doing it Oh
flying in space the escape pod moves
slowly out of the vehicle Oh
congratulations you have narrowly
escaped an explosive death don't start
patting yourself on the back just yet
though you are now traveling aimlessly
through the cosmos look at screen look
at screen escape a pond of systems
activated
all systems are go great um okay uh turn
off throttle say what um hold on let's
save yeah save space questo v press
don't press in regards to you o waiting
oh the monitor yeah the chat is saying
jack is using an Xbox controller explain
the monitor flashes you study it to see
what new information is being displayed
oh look at matter o planet profile oh my
god what Corona atmosphere breathable
life civilization unknown temperature 40
degrees Celsius navigation system locked
in the auto nav system has locked onto a
small planet of Corona and the pod has
begun its approach nothing to do now but
hang on okay alright
exciting things are happening oh my god
we are traveling through space
oh we crashed you know what this could
use some sound effects just but it is
some are you getting any sound no no I'm
not getting any sound must be turned off
oh you have your son turned down because
it was too loud no the sounds on okay oh
you're getting sounds in general game
it's not for that yeah like it didn't it
didn't have a sound when it crashed
okay okay no well they were working with
like vacuum tubes Jack yeah we're trying
yeah no my sounds on for it okay okay
after a skull jarring landing you peer
through the shattered viewing port out
out onto the desert landscape a feeling
of utter desolation settles in you're in
a fine mess now jack oh Jesus all that
okay great okay alright um open pod door
the door has been permanently opened by
the impact of the landing great take off
seat seat belt done oh good thinking
jack yeah I'm totally up on him step out
of pod oh sure look
around pod that does not appear to be
here what oh just look around now no I
think I think we're done with the pod
now why I kind of remember there being
something under a seat look under shaved
on them there's nothing under the seat
million thinking of a different game
sure okay okay that's good
I shouldn't have done that look that
well now I just want to look under
everything under console nope okay leave
pod nope I'm out of the pod
all right look around you seem to be
located in the incredibly in an
incredibly remote area there is a
thrashed escape pod here look at pod
yeah
the pod seems to be semi destroyed
okay let's save space quest Oh six boom
boom heading left
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
to do to to do to do to do to do to do
to do Oh No ah you have just become a
vertical meal for the local welcoming
committee
okay then I'm glad I saved all right
let's double check them look around you
seem to be located an incredibly remote
area there's a thrash escape pod here
look and if there's a puzzle that I
remembered and it's horribly annoying
because there's not very much of a good
hint for it yeah
would you want me to tell you about it I
mean pottsy's semi destroyed you know
like I there I'm sure there's something
to do with the pot here right there is
but that's the best I don't remember
there being any hint in the game for
like when I was a kid I actually had to
call this see I actually had a 1-800
number yeah
to give you hints for the game if you're
stuck I had to call that number for this
he's okay well so what they've said is
it's semi destroyed right so if I say
look at destruction I think I spelled
destruction wrong how do you spell
destruction the chat saying I'm very
quiet
you're very have you gone quiet
according to the chat like a number of
people have said that oh also um thank
you for saying I have a nice ass okay
well hold on then you know we need to do
then stop the stream and start it over
again hooray
that's okay we've been in about an hour
anyway so come on take a break yes
okay I'm gonna make a single hot dog
again so I'm just gonna have a single
hot dog you're gonna have a single hot
dog okay well guys we're going to take a
little break rich is going to make a
single hot dog and and we'll be back in
a little bit and and I'm going to stop
the stream and started over again when
when we come back so hang out hang out for a second

[Part II]
um I had gotten a couple suggest a full
first rich say hi hey what's up there is
what it sounds perfect
you guys okay rich they testing one two
three
it's true whenever whenever we do tests
I always tell rich to say I say rich
testing one two and rich goes Noah
testing one two three
but I I think the three is redundant
we've gotten some requests
I tried we tried using mumble we we got
a couple suggestions to try out mumble
for us talking and they said that would
work a little bit better better quality
and it's true I heard rich much better
on mumble the only problem was somehow I
was hearing an echo for me and it wasn't
Rich's speakers like rich had headphones
on and so I heard a constant echo on
mumble so obviously we couldn't have me
echoing throughout the entire stream so
we just went back to Skype because we
were running late because we were trying
to get mumble to work teamspeak I hear
good things but do you have to pay for
teamspeak well what is it what do you
know about it whiplash games games Oh
whiplash games is that is a yeah I'm
looking at a review comp which says only
three people are in this room which is
wrong that's well I'm I'm sorry I'm
sorry I was distracted okay well where's
our where's our mods team speedo
teamspeak is free okay well then you
know what we will look into that we will
absolutely look into that also where's
our mods to tell us if no well 20 place
Pokemon mumble didn't work for us I was
getting a constant echo
yeah we tried we tried and and we got on
our server we gotta you know one of
their servers and it was just rich and I
on there but I always heard an echo and
I couldn't find a workaround in time so
but okay we'll try teamspeak yeah well
can you guys hear rich this is the
question
testing one two three one two three
testing one two three okay well they're
saying they can hear you now so that's
good and I have turned you up even more
rich okay sounds crystal clear now
there's a great great crystal clear okay
we need to go back to a save game here
okay so space quickly used face quest
six here we are we're right here so
don't go left okay so oh yeah how we
enhance your here we are in hints
because apparently there's something in
tea here right so let me let me try it
now that I know that there's something
here right there are two things oh my
god yeah the pod seems semi destroyed
look
Anton II struction that's I I don't I
think it's a glitch I don't know that
there's even a hint for it but I mean
there's no I mean there's no hint here
cuz I say look at pod and it says it's
semi destroyed right yeah oh wait look
around pod are you sure you want to look
at that look at look around it's not
compute look around is you seem to be
located in an incredibly remote area
there is a thrashed escape pod here and
then you look at pod and it's a semi
destroyed right so there's there's
nothing else here I tried looking at pod
I I know that but I know that's not
right right
look at Olin trade ground yeah Rock
instruction yeah I tried okay look at
ground it's quite sandy down there
there's no hint at all for I got that's
a terrible puzzle alright okay so what's
the puzzle here oh wait hold on wait
wait look I want to say look at damage I
don't understand damage nope okay so
there's glass on the ground there's
glass you need to pick up look at glass
just take get glass or take glass you
don't see that here Oh get him right in
front of the pod maybe that's behind it
in front where the window is what oh
because it was fate I can't oh I can
okay take glass glass is now in position
okay look at waiting no yeah that's a
terrible puzzle there's no way I would
have ever known there was glass here and
you say there's one there's one other
thing here there's one other thing okay
what's what is it cuz obviously there's
nothing else that I can do here like
there's no hints you can't solve the
puzzle if they don't give you any hints
rich oh I'm pretty sure I'm right about
there being a something under that seat
but we can we can go on if you want
after that
hold on sir trace search pod Wow l
decided I don't undercook a wait and go
and pod oh no what happened was that
what happened oh I think I was in the
same area for too long and that spider
drone was coming back I'm back inside
the pod
if you sir no I did search and it didn't
show me glass
you saw me search um
their pod I don't understand your
requests look around time you get kit
get it
done yeah all right sorry jack
there is a kit there's a survival kit
I'm sorry well how was I supposed to
know that I know I know
no don't don't be sorry about that that
would like it's one of those things
where it's like how was I supposed to
come to that conclusion
oh no I'm running spider bot suddenly
you see a large black metal sphere
falling out of the sky
a Syrian spider drawing upon touching
down on the planet's surface it sprouts
legs and begins its search for you you
recall from an article in space piston
magazine oh Jesus Chris okay okay oh I
thought if I left the screen yeah it
would okay I gotta keep on I gotta move
faster
okay that's a fine that's fine restore
Thanks okay
enter pod so so now how am I supposed to
find the kid this is the question in
their head it's possible because I was a
kid I actually didn't end up I don't
know if I did you didn't read the
manuals I was a kid or if I don't know
where it wasn't what but it might be an
anti-piracy thing some of these games
had valuable information in the manuals
now look I would read it I read the
manual you would know about something
that you should get if you just pirate
the game so by the way I say look under
the seat and it says there's nothing
under the seat so this is just something
I'm supposed to know okay so I took the
kid look at it this is your survival kit
contains a xena an Army knife and a can
of dehydrated water dehydrated water
that's a funny joke leave pod okay
take glass you can't see that here all
right I need to get in front
look pod oh okay is you need to get in
front of the pod and then look at the
pod the pod seems to be seven destroyed
a glimmering a glimmering catches your
eye upon closer inspection you see that
a piece of highly reflective glass has
broken out of the pod window okay oh
wait wait wait stop
f5 yes save face West Oh
six no of 707 see I want to do nothing
but gush over this game and there's
something that happens and I I feel bad
well you know it's it was a different
time
it was a different time okay here we go
uh let's stop here let's look around you
are at the southwest edge of a meza it's
very desolate here great doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo walk in is to walk in
walk in by some rocks gonna keep walking
nope and I'll look around there might be
a space you get through down a little
bit oh right
that's actually that's a really weird
thing is like the mixture of real
controls and typing controls yeah yeah
look around you are in a desert cliff
area there is a natural land bridge in
the distance ooh
bridge is probably important bridge is
quite unique natural formation carved
out though eons of the elements it does
not appear to be accessible from here
okay
well let's go that way then let's go
towards the land bridge oh wait can I
climb over here can I climb these rocks
there's probably a ramp somewhere
there's more screens you can go to yeah
oh okay I want to see if I can go over
here and like Lime Rock you cannot climb
the cliffs or rocks okay that's good to
know
then let's go this way doo doo doo doo
doo oh there we go
easy peas going up the ramp yeah oh no
that's fighter droid and is here running
away suddenly yep
okay run run run dude it to do getting
out of here look around
oh no the spiders Royden damn he's down
there I don't think I can get at you I
think you're safe oh good
we're following a path okay yeah get out
of here spider droid goddamn spider
droid always up in my biz what's neat
though I like the spider droid mm-hmm
yeah but he's all up in my business role
and bridge yeah okay oh oh oh no there's
some plant lifes underneath me Oh No
okay I'll save base quest Oh eight
there's some it says there's plants
underneath me rich I might have needed
those plants Oh a crack formed in the
bridge look at bridge I think you can
only walk over at a limited number of
times sure that save is important okay
Rock there's a very large rock on the
Natural Bridge look under rock pick
Barack leave the rock alone okay I'll
leave fine that's fine
what's over here not much
do-do-do-do-do going over here Oh a
spider you seem to be safe seem to be
safe know that spiders probably there
for a reason right well to keep me
moving right yeah we're back in the area
where I don't quite remember all the
puzzles so yeah that doesn't flow seems
to stretch to infinity okay
looking around Oh anything going behind
a thing there are some things i
generally remember some things I just
don't
sure sure sure
oh here's something you are high atop a
rocky plateau near two halves of an arch
the desert below seems to stretch into
an infinity let's go look at that arch
that's definitely definitely oh my god a
secret portal rich a secret portal we
are underground it happened it happened
look around this is one end of what
appears to be a large cavern the only
way to go is to the left there is a rock
nearby oh they like rocks apparently we
got to go look at that rock hold on look
at Rock it looks just like a well I
don't pick up rock done okay
you have rock I have a rock now great
okay here we go or walk in shit look
around this is another large chamber in
the uh no I need to save there is
there's a path on the back of the wall
which is not accessible from the bottom
good instinct yes it's quest Oh nein
okay now I'm not gonna walk over this
great I will tell you that you shaved
right there okay look at at first yeah
try not to die right the great is made
of metal and seems to be fastened
securely to the floor it is too dark to
see down through the grate there is
however an odd smell emanating from down
there
all right well let's walk over groan oh
god you've been snatched from existence
by a tentacled beast lurking beneath the
great you feel the painful sting of
digestive fluids thank you for playing
space quest that's my favorite part
yeah wow it's just like yep you're done
now restore Oh nein what what can we do
to get past this monster well obviously
we take the rock right that was our most
recent get it's not necessarily the most
recent good the solution to these okay
how do I so we have the cartridge a
gadget the glass an Army knife a rock a
keycard dehydrated water and a survival
kit so my instinct is to like throw the
rock to distract it but we could also
use the glass maybe it's reflective know
that would happen let's throw a rock use
what's that what's that vent on the
other side - I don't remember the
solution I'm not guiding you really
don't let's see here there's a path in
the back wall that is not okay um look
at steam I'm not close enough look at
rate there's an odd smell emanating from
down there so we know there's a tentacle
monster I'm gonna use rock
that is currently not one of your
options if you try something you might
want to be more specific about what you
sure that I want to throw Rock silly
human that would not be helpful well
shit how do we get past the tentacle
monster oh can you can you walk in a
different spot of the great yeah maybe
if I walk down here nope nope yeah be a
bit sharp you've been snatched from
existence by a tentacle monster restore
okay okay let's think about this rich we
have glass we have a rock we have a
survival kit we have dehydrated water
mmm
no be here use water that's not
currently one of your options cartridge
a gadget a gadget is like a translator
we have the glass we have an army knife
rock keycard dehydrator water survival
kit hmm
Roah rock at steam I don't know
Oh bro rock at em say what okay that's
not it okay that's not it
so the path is not accessible Oh 100
maybe if I get all the way up on it no
whoa oh okay that's how that was thing
that's how you do it that's how you do
it it worked
thing worked great okay look at steam
there is a geyser cone here and it is
rhythmically spewing hot steam so I
could probably put the rock in there
right put rock on steam punk oh there we
go that's weird
Oh what was that
what's drip oh that's like dripping
water that's worried look around this is
a slightly smaller chamber in the
underground complex there is a path
above which is not accessible from here
there's a pool to the right on the right
side okay let's go to that pool
look at pool you gaze intently at the
purplish pool of liquid the first real
sign of moisture on the planet the pool
seems to have no bottom but gentle
dripping has a soothing effect on your
frazzled nerves okay
you know what we should do what we
should probably save yes this crest ten
okay okay
so obviously it's liquid so use be
hydrated water oh I can't spell
dehydrated the hide hated
but water how would you like to do that
would it water pool that does not
compute okay that's fine can you get the
water water you have nothing that could
successfully contain the liquid ah
so maybe this is a comeback - it might
be ed my leash there's a lot of thing
there's a lot of comeback dudes in these
games chair what I just wanna see what
happens if we splash water I don't
understand splash okay all right that's
fine drink drink what oh my god that
would kill us right well let's see what
happens probably drink water are we
saved nearby yeah you place your lips to
the nozzle and draw a fluid not a very
reasonable facsimile of water is
released slowly while tasting slightly
terrible it quenches your thirst at
least for the time being
oh no I think I drink my dehydrated
water drink water drink a pool they want
okay okay
drink water from pool I don't understand
your guys okay well hopefully we don't
need air okay let's get out of here
I think there's an exit over here yeah
that looks like a cave yeah let's go
back here let's go back here spaceman
or not
mmm I try going to your lips Oh God
oh okay nope up where am I
you're behind that rock it's gotta be a
thing back there you would think there'd
be a thing back there you can't go all
the way to your love I don't know where
okay come on I'm just walking to my left
now nothing's happening oh jesus oh
Jesus Christ that is loud so hold on we
have to turn that sound off for a second
cuz that's annoying f2 f2 oh god that's
terrible that was a terrible sound okay
sorry everybody about that um okay so
now oh here we go I know what to do here
the first we look around you are in a
large room in the cavern there is a
pathway above at the south end of the
room are two odd-looking units emitting
beams of light use glass on beams oh say
what okay never mind try to get closer
look at the beams seemed to form some
sort of electronic a barrier across the
path glass beams they want keep keep it
simple just try use glasses you confuse
it when you when you elaborate sure oh
yeah you're right that works okay okay
you have quite cleverly turned the beam
upon itself frying it to inoperability
sweet right alright now we can turn the
sound back on good thing for that for
that sweet blipping and bloopin that's
what we need some sweet blipping and
bloopin action
hi we're on the path now let's go doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo - Doo Space Quest
we're play space quest it's the first
base quest and I'm walking in okay Oh No
what acid water ah damn it
when did we save last well I guess we'll
find out now so hopefully now okay we
got a that's okay we're not too far away
oh you know what I think this saved me
from drinking the dehydrated water no
good okay
quest we are playing space quest where
things can kill you at any moment
oh god damn it sound hold on guys we
know how to deal with this look at beams
just use glass you can't get closer
okay jesus H Christ
great you know what save these quest 11
dude all right
space quick space a space quit I don't
know if you want to try anything game
we're about halfway there I may be a
little under half way are we really
looking for short
well I'm forgetting about a section so
maybe a little more than that maybe
group
okay Oh cut damn it hold on thank you
for playing space quest how do we get
around these acid beams
this is the important part
in a survival kit I don't think that
would help us though
if only we had an acid umbrella
the edge is very important
you
okay hold on we're gonna go over here
look round
thanks s on a pool or right-hand side
look drops oh wrench yeah we lost it
what what happened we lost the stream
you lost the stream no other people
saying it froze
oh well then hold on a refreshing stream
how is my audio chat if you can hear us
the important question did my internet
die well you wouldn't be talking to me
if it died
sure okay no now the stream should be
back saying I'm good
someone did okay one person thinks I
sound good okay good okay okay good good
good alright we should be able to see my
mouse waving around if you can see my
mouse waving around then we know we've
done good I'm refreshing the page now so
I'll tell you in a second okay
yes okay I see okay great
so now I need to figure out how to get
around the ass the dripping acid water
this is my spring sorry can you screen
share with me again oh yeah yeah we're
not screeching sure hold on a second
pause pause in the game screen sharing
with rich where are you right here and
then we go like this go like this and we
go like this okay
we are screen sharing all right all
right back in here I need to figure out
how to get around these drips rich tried
timing I don't owe in Siddhant only just
out of curiosity we did the disabled was
after the water drinker before do we
have the dehydrated water stole I'm just
curious
we have the dehydrated water okay okay
but you think this might be just a
timing thing
it might be I don't recall this is one
of those things I just don't remember
the answer to some of these processes
sure nope you got further than you did
I did get further than I did yes all
right I think it's gonna be annoying
yeah okay is it just one of those things
it might be I'd save right there
right try and do it okay we're gonna
we're gonna make a new space class 11
safe in which we are right there yeah
thank West okay here we go here we go
walking death 13 jag zero yeah yeah yeah
Savin great
all right we're saving right here then
we'll just wait for this one trip to
drip and stop and then wait for the
other one what a pain in the ass
nope damn it too close too close that's
okay well no we're right here now so
it's okay they were right here then how
does it work drip drip drip yeah oh oh
it's got it has like slightly different
timing can I'd like go back here you can
probably stop between them chair
and
save no I got this I got this I made it
I made it I got it now I'm with it
here we go let's look around
another large chamber there is an
underground complex oh it's a pass it
back but you know what we should do we
should save
we should save now that we're through it
new Space Quest 11 save great cuz
nothing much happened okay here we go
walking around one drip and it's all
over that's right people
that's this a lesson of life right there
Oh as soon as you enter the room when
you find yourself surrounded by darkness
suddenly you become aware of the fact
that you cannot move or speak
a strange unknown force has taken over
what oh my god a massive holographic
image appears before you you sense that
you are the only life-form in the area
the geogebra is of sig figs
ciao willful Zek we called 11e while
firms revering
oh okay check didn't didn't you find a
translator you're totally right can i I
can't type anything yet
Oh No I can't type oh here we go because
of your inability to understand the
aliens language he has sent you back to
the surface
Oh No Oh what reload just reloading
urine reload nerd rather than going
through all that shit again yeah yeah
dreams and we're reconnecting we're here
we're here
yeah that's weird
yeah it can't be your internet because
you're still able to talk to me ya know
it's maybe it's just the twitch servers
are acting funny tonight okay hold on
look at translate or written on the
electronic gadget are the words dialect
translator on one end is a dial and a
light currently dim dial huh turn turn
divert yeah yeah turn dial on
anslee or you turn the dial to the light
the to the right the light begins to
glow fucking thing now yeah great
as soon as you into the room you find
yourself here here we go a massive
holographic image oh we've been here
before
so you have found your way to my
hallowed chamber I have been monitoring
your travels on our planet it appears
that you are up to the proverbial s to
tarry well without a means of locomotion
what
of the creek without a paddle you are
obviously in need of transportation
let us see if you are worthy of our
assistance
okay okay I'm worthy I'm worthy on the
surface lives a beast called oriT he
proves to be a bit of an annoyance on
occasion dispose of him and bring back
evidence of your conquests only then
will I deal with your plight good luck
strange one okay okay
rot so we need to kill alright okay I
can only assume that's the sand worm
well let's get out of here so we go back
down here oh wait a minute I should look
around nope okay huh say insane and save
you're right you're right you're right
these West twelve okay
we've saved you you you you you're not
looking at the chat right I'm not
looking at the chat what oh no it's
tread
damnit
we saved you have traveled a long way
only to die by carelessly stepping to
your death what a clod you know what did
we talk about during the Zelda episode
older games do not hold your hand mm-hmm
Jesus yes we saved we just saved okay so
by the way in this game you can step off
the ledge which is good to know all
right
oh we're back at this rock and cliff
thing wait oh wait spider suddenly you
see a large like yeah okay I see the
spider droid well I think we're gonna
have to kill him yeah yeah otherwise by
the time you get off this this this ramp
this ledge derp I tried to yell at him
that didn't work oh wait he's coming
this way
can i push the rack I have it all queued
up if he comes over here I'm gonna push
the rock on them okay ready
here comes there comes come over here
come over here ready now oh my god I
totally got him as exciting it was
nothing
no no uh by the way cuz I know they're
telling me what to do I knew that I mean
that rock was obviously important right
I am no I I can because I know they're
just gonna tell me what to do and we
can't do this what are you talking about
there's a rock there it was the only
place there was a rock and it made
mention of the rock that was those
obvious all right now I'm walking oh I
should have saved oh jesus thank God I
didn't die
save no right Dave now oh all right
we are now in Space Quest 13 here we go
that stupid spider droid all right here
we go
here we go exciting things are happening
win this away we need to find rot no I
always there something over looking
around okay okay you are following a
path on the side of the cliff it's here
yeah no it's there's nothing here
unless there is I don't see anything
okay okay I'm not you know what I'm not
gonna worry here we go here we go here
we go here we go
I guess I haven't been that way so I
should go that way maybe who rots over
there I have a knife okay this way I go
dude pretty sure he's not the same thing
that ate you okay oh then I'm going this
way come here who wrought you sons of
bitch
okay there's the there's the tower thing
let's see what's this way to do oh no
this is gonna be another scene where
wasn't it probably okay we don't want to
go there then let's see what's over here
oh the heat is causing you to develop
quite a thirst drinking of water is
certainly most pleasant oh okay great
hold on I know what to do you uh drink
water
yes great all right I knew we were gonna
need that right isn't that's it like
that's an adventure game thing is you
need to use all the things if you have a
thing eventually you'll need to use it
okay walking this way
what's over here what's over here oh
nothing come on over I way what's this
that looks like something look around oh
it's a rather bleak environment whoo
here we go these plants I think it
mentioned these plants before I remember
this I remember this look at plants it
looks a lot like spinach okay I mean
plant you tell
off a piece of the plant okay nice no no
if you eat it you probably dies all
right Ryan
oh now can I look and plan it's a plant
you are not familiar with oh great so
what if you rot is the sandworm and you
have to give it the plan well you want
to try doing that Jack I should say
first is that what you're saying you can
I'm pretty sure that we're at is not the
same thing
well then I'm gonna save but you should
always say always save always be saving
unless it's right before you die you can
fuck yourself over sure all right let's
go over here has rich won the boss fight
against the coffee look I told you guys
and I get sick that coffee last month
and it did it did yeah I just died oh
did the war meet you that were made me
okay okay luckily though I just saved
right before this okay going back not
good okay so move on so who rots around
here I thought I saw a cave I asked you
stop okay yeah I think the rocks right I
think that's a cave okay let's go over
there
you think that's a cave I guess it could
be it looks like there's some curvy
things in there a different color it
looks like an entrance you don't remove
these things over here oh I'll try that
one screen okay going up going up that
looks like an inn you see where it's
dark and then the lines are over here
yeah that's not very clear but okay yeah
I mean you're right oh go oh who run oh
come on
look look how far I got by the way use
pull who Ron has transformed you into a
new source of recreation you of course
don't survive this treatment gosh darn
it
thank you for playing space quest okay
going back yes yeah it's good we know
where he is I just need to press use
plants faster if it is plants or maybe
it's knife I have a knife yeah look at
your inventory think about what you have
all right well let me get closer first
I'll save to save us from walking
because I'm gonna die again good that's
how it works
Oh probably I'm glad you have such
confidence in me okay
here we go the caves of all rot we are
here at the caves of ooo rot alright
save and you might you know what
whatever you want to do you might want
to have it typed out and ready to go
before you walk into the cave can you do
that
yeah oh my god okay we have if you hit
ever - it also redoes the last thing
you'd like oh sure okay we have a
cartridge with a keycard dehydrated
water Army knife gadget glass plant
survival kit alright use plant is what
I'm gonna say here and we're gonna see
if that works
how do you save yeah okay would you like
to do oh crap exit the cave and fry
again sure nope get out of here okay how
do you spell over odd is that ORAC 18
okay you rot plant okay let's try that
but you want to do with a plan shut up
is what I want to do with the plan that
does not compute god damnit what have we
here oh and yeah and he's killing me
what do you mean that does not compute
you get us you're trying to give this
violent coniferous monster and plant yes
nothing about that computes and well I
have a plan rich nice yeah
you trying to kill the monster with a
plant I just don't understand you jack
cuz I thought maybe he was just hungry
and he wanted it planned hold on look at
knife this is a handy-dandy
yeah see I can't you can't kill anyone
with this knife yeah yeah I am rich hold
on survival kit um look at yet rival kid
it's for my container Xena I'm a knife
and I can't even have you oh so it's
just an empty container that's do we
have your dehydrated water I mean I'm
gonna go out of my way not to give you
any help here jack don't give me any
help here well I'm not any hope what can
I do here I mean I could I could whip
out the knife but of course yeah he'll
just like laugh at me I mean I could mix
the plant and the water inside the
survival kit to make a soup and maybe
that's what he wants
maybe he hasn't want he doesn't want
just a plan he wants a soup and sews
like maybe that's it
you're gonna mix a plant with dehydrated
water I listen as a suit you can throw
that you could try that I could but I
could do that okay hold on okay I'm
trying to
how can type us out now like it's
obviously not just used knife it has to
be like use knife on errata or something
you know slash gujrat with knife try it
not slash right I'm not telling you
anything that wouldn't work so okay i'm
gonna happen I'm out of the loop here
this is Jack it's fun adventure puzzle
time exactly okay I'm just gonna try use
knife and see what happens
oh wait no what actually I should look
around first the knife wouldn't cut hot
and margarine oh good Hughes I'm gonna
here's what I'm gonna do
look around so I'm gonna go in there I'm
gonna look around and that'll buy me
some time you are in the sly Mia stuff
calves the odor in here is less than
desirable I'm gonna slimy cave and the
odor is less than desirable okay well
that doesn't any good this wouldn't help
you ultimately but you could go in and
just have already look at or add see if
that'll tell you anything I don't know
that it will because this is not a hint
I swear sure Oh rat is huge and ugly of
course your opinion may differ depending
on what part of the university who come
from it should also be mentioned he is
quite mean well shit getting out of here
okay okay big and ugly and quite mean
mm-hmm and don't look at chat and I'm
not mean oh my in fact I've closed my
laptop I can't I can't look at the chat
even if I wanted to okay so they've
already looked at the walkthroughs
they've already given up of course of
course listen this is a game people this
is the fun of the game
so here's um we have the glass right
here's me thinking outside of the box we
have the guy
and it mentioned that erat was ugly so
what if I used the glass to reflect rotz
image on himself use its can't ya use
glass we'll try that okay ready
use glass what would you how would you
like to do that oh god damn it look chat
I don't care if you looked at a
walkthrough or if you remember it from
when you were a kid it's still spoiling
it for ya
either way it's the same rot wait how do
you spell true right again eighty or
eighty all right show a rat glass this
is what we're gonna try and Joe or a
glass Oh nope doesn't understand Oh
goddamn it
alright nevermind yeah yeah okay no
that's fine now you know what that was -
outside of the box and I knew that I
knew that going in so we got a plant we
got a survival kit okay here's what
we're gonna try yeah use knife on plant
say what nope okay what plants in it's
like can we combine things say what is
is there combining of things to be done
sometimes I don't know there is in this
case okay cuz I have a kit and it's an
empty kit they used to have dehydrated
water and a knife in it but now it's
just an empty kit but that I mean that
could be nothing
you know just finding it was I'm not
gonna say anything until you asked me to
know and all I'm trying to do now I'm
just trying to like kind of the show a
math you know I'm trying to talk you
through my mental process here it's like
I've already used the glass so are we
ruling out the glass is something useful
right that's the question
the knife is the knife useful but no I
mean obviously
I won't work on him because we tried
that and it didn't work what else do we
have
we have cartridge a keycard a gadget a
glass a plant a survival kit Army knife
and dehydrated water mix water I don't
understand mix use water on that plant I
don't understand your request okay um
look at knife Indiana Xena an Army knife
so it has different things in it and has
like a can opener come on come on brain
hola we're just gonna look around around
the slimy astakhov's oh wait hold on
okay hold on pick up slime I don't
understand slime come on
I mean this slimy cave you jerk
okay plan this is and yeah this is like
this is the problem with these types of
games is usually like it especially
something like this it's stuck you get
stuck and it has to be something very
specific it has to be exactly what the
developers wanna say yeah and so like I
have a I have the gadget but I can't
imagine I mean I've already used again I
guess I could yell at a rod do you think
that would work if I yell at say what
notebook it
nope oh wait I'm gonna try looking look
maybe I missed something with with what
looking at who Ron was okay blue rod is
huge and ugly course your opinion may
differ depending on what part of the
universe you come from it should also be
mentioned he is quite mean mm-hmm
over here nope nothing nothing
okay I thought maybe there's like a
different part of the cave I could go
into okay okay what can we do here rich
what can we do here I know and it's it's
tough because he can't give me any clues
I know I know I'm being completely
silenced till you ask for something you
know hints or whatever right no I don't
even want a hint because as soon as you
as soon as you give me a hint I'll get
it right away and that won't be any fun
but I have the culture I have the
cartridge but I mean there's nothing to
use the cartridge in I asked I have the
Army knife I have the survival kit but
why don't you just look at everything in
your inventory and just see yeah you get
the idea right
don't you like to do that um open kit
this is your survival kit it formerly
contained a xenon Army knife in a Canada
hydrator order okay so that's just an
empty container um use knife this knife
wouldn't cut up margarine knife on the
plant they what fake off ailment Oh Oh
Matt right Edie naked oops
naked I don't understand naked okay I
might have also spelled make it wrong
damn it rich
okay okay
try to be try to try to just I the hint
that I want from you is not a hint on
the game just try to try to give me a
hint in in the world of text adventure
games what am I missing here what am I
missing that would just be a commonplace
in a text adventure game that I'm not
privy enough to understand you know I
don't I don't know that I can tell you
something like that you know is there is
there a very ambiguous and it's simple
am I am I missing something
it's simple and you could do it with
what you have on you now okay with what
I have on me now the answers are in your
inventory the answers are in my
inventory okay yes great great great and
you you have not been close yet well
yeah okay here's what I'm gonna do okay
I'm gonna throw my knife at him okay
here he comes oh not yet no you run away
here he comes and throw knife the knife
wouldn't cut hutton margarine no no were
you hoping he might die from him an
infected bruise yes yes I was yeah bro
glass is all we're gonna try next
that does not compute no okay all right
I mean well what what else have oh come
first of all I typed that before you
subscribed I want it noted that I typed
that before you subscribed
I want that noted for the record books
you son of a bitch you plant your teeth
into the strange plants and take a large
bite only to fine to taste exquisitely
bad if you had your choice you would
choose any other form of death over the
meal like this Oh does that kill me no
oh wait do I still have the plant now
what why do I have the plant wait a
minute you do still have the plant I
mean I ate it but I still have it yeah
okay so they're getting that whole thing
got you off-track it did what did that
plant thing well oh damn it it got me
off
well great don't subscribe with the
answer people or else I will turn off
that sub learn okay
okay I mean in in my head it has
something to do with the plants because
the plant is right there right are you
asking me asking me are you rhetorically
asking myself
I'm rhetorically asking myself and so in
my head the plants is right there it was
a recent pickup it mentioned the plants
and now we have a new enemy and so like
using the plant I mean can I just throw
the plant grow plants I know I mean I'm
in a throat cake now but this is all I
got well okay okay
it's nope that would not be helpful okay
this is just where I am
I look at plant in class does it involve
doing jump jack is just throwing
everything he has at the problem right
okay rich here's my question to you
does it involve doing something with an
item before I go into the cave like do I
need to mix or combine an item before I
go into the cave
no dammit no mixing or combining no
mixing or combining okay um I mean water
Oh Oh rot always in the mood for a snack
snatches up the can out of the air with
his spacious oral cavity chews and
swallows it he notices a rumbling deep
within his abdomen
did that work oh okay oh it's dehydrated
water
it's the Hydra oh all right sighs proved
to be bigger than his stomach for once
and capable of becoming history's first
living reservoir his body succumbs to
the intense internal pressure created by
nearly ten gallons of instantly
reconstituted water great excellent
I killed ooh how are you feeling about
this experience now do I now that I beat
that puzzle I feel great about it but
that took a while I know I know
but I like I got on there I got on to
the throwing path I got on to the you
know we did it I'm upset that the plant
didn't have anything to do with it but
that's fine well you just happened to
find it right before him but that didn't
mean anything
Ryan you could have found it much
earlier you could have thought it later
right okay I just want to make sure oh
look look around yeah look around is the
same thing you're in the slime use of
caves and odor in here is less than Adam
then desire but can I take well we need
we need we need the proof that oh this
looks like it might be a thing that's
right we proof yeah this looks like
something no I don't need to go all the
way back only to come back here so tell
you that much take chunk you reach down
and take the or a part in your hand as
some of it eases to fill the space
between your fingers great okay we got
the chunk to be to be fair check that
wasn't that that was not what that was
not the best adventure game puzzle the
throw the water at all right yeah
oh no no you know that's well well I
mean you know it that was that what that
was something that we got earlier
right we got that yeah with the knife
and and it's an unusual bit of thing to
do not it's not a brilliant puzzle
because it didn't give you any any clues
right the best puzzle kind of gives you
ambiguous clues then you use your your
mighty your mighty brain to figure it
out yeah that was more trial and error
use that all the things we have on all
the things we have until one of the
things we have works but I'll take it
you know what I should do I should save
great great all right here we go here we
go we're a walk in each plant you
chatters thank you each plant for
subscribing I do I just also think that
it's comical that I typed in each plant
just as as you were trying to fake it
give me that hint oh I think I only have
like one more walk across this bridge I
think you do
yeah okay here we go doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo I love his walk cycle like
his sideways walk cycle oh yeah it's a
little derp and it's my favorite look
you know the characters a little derp
yeah he's he's a space janitor and I get
in through the secret entrance over here
no no that would be nice that would take
me right to the head now I got to go
through all the jams again hey you
already know how to get through the jams
they're already taken care yeah I know
fine yeah you know what this is rich its
filler that's what this is but it's fine
this is I want to I want to say the
technical term for this is back tracking
going through a previously explored area
for the sole purpose of extending the
time of a game still a fun experience
this is the sound effects that would
give this terrible I know we didn't
really watch the the video game awards
uh-huh
but somebody sent me a link that Ken and
Roberta Williams were on it they are the
people who actually founded Sierra the
company okay
married competent married couple who
just made King's Quest and kept making
other games and made money at it and I
was really happy to know that they're
still together you know they're probably
like divorced and hate each other by now
team started the company together yeah I
wonder how much they hate each other but
no I saw a little clip in YouTube they
seem very happy stole my heart oh that's
good
that's good no you know it's it's all
fine I have not seen anything of those
video games orders except for I mean I
did watch the new Zelda footage and you
know it looks a lot like the old Zelda
except with the horse yeah I mean it
looks great you know looks pretty it
looks next to Jenny and they were just
talking about how like the horse makes
it so you don't run into trees
who gives a shit I will be excited if
the open world is one large open world
and not a series of like you know
largest rooms with one or two who enters
and exits mmm like the entrance to
Hyrule Field and Hyrule Field is just
like a big area so it's just like an
open giant fucking forest and fields its
turn into deserts that'd be great yeah
that'd be great mm-hmm I agree with you
if it if it's more open if we can do
things out of order oh that's right let
this thing
and no chat I did not see any of safe I
did not see any of the the the no man's
sky videos from the VGA that was the one
where you could like take off alien
planet fly to another alien planet and
right get out yeah what did save right I
did save what I was in between okay all
right we got it this time we got it I
got through no I don't I don't care for
that for that kind of hype I don't care
for that kind of advertisement that's
all it is it's an advertisement you know
what it is there's someone's a few of
the things they advertise I'm interested
in but Jer and this is some some more
shit from Arkham Knight and Oh God
not it looks like the terrible Batmobile
the game yeah
okay I'm back at the head so you have
returned fortunately there is much more
to you than meets the eye
but before me your proof of yachts
defeat for my inspection show what is it
called again gujrat part okay
drop rod part you drop the rod part to
you the ground the vision is silent you
are startled by a rumbling and suddenly
an oddly shaped door comes into view
you hear voice different this time
beckoning you to step forward
doo-doo-doo-doo by on his floor well he
told me - oh oh oh it's very oh the
Wizard of Oz is here please don't be
alarmed we intend no harm we are a
peaceful race we are cautious however
others don't share our way of life
welcome to Corona you are standing in
the power generation facility of our
underground settlements all power here
is produced by steam this is unimportant
to you however we have promised you
transportation great it is a skimmer it
hovers approximately 1/2 meter above the
traveling surface this is very important
because of growl Oh surely a worm growl
and is like dwell in caves below the
sand if you stand on the surface too
long you chance to become Righton the
skimmer is programmed to take you to a
settlement on the other side of Corona
called Uhlans flats you can make further
travel arrangements there I'm sorry this
is all we can offer I hope your trip
save great look around this place is
most interesting indeed a mixture of
both old and new technologies

[Part III]
long is happening with my internet right
now and I don't know what the answer is
also we still need to get me Internet
around well let's make sure we get the
let's make sure we get this stream back
tell me when the stream comes back yeah
yeah it's automatically reconnecting I'm
refreshing what happens when i refresh
freshing yeah I'm gonna say we're
halfway done now we're halfway done now
what Jesus Christ I don't know if we can
make it all night
no might have to make this a two-parter
finish up finish yourself on Wednesday
this is May we can stream space what's
one from your new computer
I know we should do that Blood Dragon I
said I made a promise ok the game was a
game was purchased for me
oh ok well how about this how about this
how about we have a special stream I
thought we have a special stream later
on yeah that's what um cuz just cuz it's
getting late and if we're only halfway
through yeah I mean we should finish it
up well I mean let's figure to figure
out this and then while we'll talk about
when we're gonna stream acts the council
consists of a monitor and a cartridge
slot Oh a cartridge slot there are also
some readouts which indicate the status
of the mechanisms and great ok so you
know what we do then we save that's what
we do here ok
and we'll leave it there we will leave
it here and we'll put a cartridge in the
slot when we come back and perhaps we
can come back tomorrow night well
there's there's a probably a better
stopping point just a little ways ok
like a natural break point coming up
yeah but it's a lot the cartridge snaps
and neatly into this
and the screen comes alive whoever shall
read this my name is dr. slash da hua
I'm a scientist with the star generator
project Barbie star lab Arcadia we have
just successfully completed development
and testing of the star generator during
this time I have come to believe that
our progress has been monitored by
others I fear that the sari ins may have
learned of our mission if my fears
proved true the star generator and the
people of the universe are in serious
jeopardy the star generator is a
miraculous device use as intent used as
intended
it will help preserve life for eons to
come used as a device for evil it would
only cause the destruction of millions
of lives and enslave all those who
oppose cesareans
encoded with this cartridge are all the
plans and specifications for the
construction of the star generator
should any disaster befall the star
generator project scientists would be
able to create a duplicate of all the
star generators with this information
please guard this with your life return
it to the Zeon ruling body as quickly as
is possible
yeah oh oh all that happened before this
it was just prologue his important note
of the star generator is capable of
self-destruction this was introduced to
the system as a precaution to activate
it once bubble wha oh wait we need to
remember that code six eight five eight
wait save that right why don't you save
a game and then call out six eight five
eight oh that's a good idea this was a
self-destruct this was into 685 eight
okay a five-minute timer will begin to
countdown beware anyone within five
kilometers of the star generator will be
in danger once the timer has been
initiated please be careful and good
luck six eight five eight I'm gonna
write that down as a notebook I'm gonna
physically write that down because we
know jack
of course it's going to come up and this
is what you would do back in the day you
would write down no I'm not reading the
check that I'll see you guys taking
numbers six eight five eight six five
code destruct code okay
so it was that the natural stopping
point or is there another one okay okay
get on thing get on I don't understand
got the vehicle they gave you they want
yeah what's it called I think I'm her
yep there we go mmm-hmm okay go way the
chance saying something that that yeah
did you take the cartridge did you leave
the cartridge behind and I left the
cartridge behind cartridge you're
probably right that probably would be
important you you wisely retrieved the
cartridge from its slot Thank You Jan I
will stop you from doing mistakes when
you can't go back and correct them and
so that by the way this is the thing
like if if we would have left the ship
without the cartridge yes that would
have been the entire game yes and if you
were playing this for the first time and
didn't know to do that you would get to
this point you would get hours into the
game what are we now we're six hours
we're six hours into it much quicker
once you know the solution sure oh not
six hours we're 6 and
minutes live what were hours into the
game and yeah you would have just been
like well I'm fucked now okay okay
earn on look at as described it is a
sand skimmer and looks like a skimmer
quite a bit of this Oh God come on and
looks like it has skimmed quite a bit of
sand in its time on it is a panel which
has a small readout currently dark and a
keyhole with a key in it great
earn key you turn the key and suddenly
the jet turbines begin to were the
skimmer begins to shake beneath you as
its platform slowly moves on to the
launch tube you can't help but wonder
what you've gotten yourself into this
time as you hang on the skimmer rises
slowly to the surface of the planet via
the secret passage how are you enjoying
this Jack I am I'm enjoying this quite a
bit this is fun this is really fun um
not quite I will say this I had a little
bit more fun with just the text yeah
yeah at some point okay I'm okay with
this upon reaching the surface you
throttle up and zoom off into the sunset
I figured this might be better for a
stream cuz you know those visuals yeah I
know no by the way absolutely I think I
just want to play Zork on my own yeah I
got a I got an app there's this app I
got a I got an iPhone app called um well
I'll tell you what it's called after
after the stream I started madly like
looking for text adventure a blurs and
there's an iPhone app called froths RF
otz and it's it's like a people submit
their own text adventures and so it's
like a user-generated text adventures
and it includes stuff like those or
canned and the classics yeah that you
can just play on your iPhone which I'm
very excited about
the settlements the alien spoke of
appears to be on the horizon oh god I
need to
I can go back and forth yep do it can I
hit a rock yep
oh I don't want to do that no mostly
because I didn't save Oh No what's the
number one rule Jack oh my god
damage is moderate now rich the damage
is serious now rich the number one rule
is save I know
you could probably do it now no no
there's no there's no proms
now situations critical rich
Oh No Oh No
this is okay this is my twitch gaming
right here this is my
this is where my hyper chiton I died
Chad says no that's podracing ah darn it
thank you I was gonna have you thank you
for playing Space Quest it's gonna have
you stopped after this section but if
you want to stop now but you didn't save
I'll understand we'll get to the damn
point hold on all right take cartridge
wait did I save what do I have it with
me already yeah okay I have the
cartridge that I read use it at all
I don't know how do I know do it again
yeah
just skip the the dialogue squeeze you
can just a case okay great
as long as you have that code it might
not matter but just in case it does a
cartridge okay I wisely remove the
cartridge from the slot okay oh you know
what I should do I should save these
first 19 you do get on em er
turn-key urine key I earned for the
Yorkie here we go here we go mm the code
changes I don't remember that oh my god
it's been many years but you know what
this will be saved on YouTube even
though I went bad that I just clicked
buy all the stuff really quickly freeze
frame I will freeze frame that on
YouTube later you have outsmarted the
trolls because I don't think that code
changes okay
goddammit I've hit two rocks already
rich Oh what the fuck jack this is tough
Oh three rocks okay I think I can hit
one more rut nope
okay I can hit one more rock and then
we're dead I made it much farther than
last time
how do you do this this is tough nobody
end up dead goddamn it how do you do
that you know again you know okay yeah
give er no er Nikki all right
you're a quick save button a quick save
bucket can you save it while you're on
the skimmer I don't know
we'll find out someone saying to slow
down the speed of the game you can do
that
you actually can't do that yeah yeah
okay I think I got it
I think if we just stick to open okay
Damon
and I think if we just stick to a side
here
I have only had one rock so far I'm
doing good I'm doing better Oh two rocks
okay
and three rocks okay it almost looked
like I was at the four rocks I think I
get one more Rock
and a bit ok so what's what's this about
the speed of the game a little many
thing at the top because I can't I'm
watching the stream now because ok that
call think I disconnect oh that's right
ok hold on I can I can I can do this ok
hold on
I get on scammer earned e alright and I
was able to like it to a save menu here
ok
oh yeah speed is now on slow alright
alright
using mode coming up easy oh my god yeah
this is
this is much easier and I still hit a
rock all right great
I think there's something that people
might not realize this moving is really
weird to move left you press left but
then - okay into rocks but then to stop
moving left you have to press left again
or you just move right - automatically
you know
and so that's a little more difficult
that's like that's weird movement are
they random are they the same every time
that's a good question
I have not been paying attention
I'm hyper focused now rich
stay focused and we'll try not to
distract you too much
except for when I distract you by
talking like I am now oh my god rich how
dare you
100 are you
okay
jeez
okay we're doing it
we're doing it oh god damn it I hit
another rock
even in slow mode I'm hidden rocks okay
I'm sure you can save even during this
racing part
yes
yes I can I'm saving okay just don't
save right before you're about to hit a
rock and you'll be fine right
okay focused focused on not hitting
rocks
okay so I'm not hitting rocks
don't hit a rock
don't hit a rock I didn't hit it I
didn't hit it yet
I say yet as if I'm going to hit a
goddamn rock don't hate it
don't hit it bob and weave bob and weave
well like a butterfly sting like a bee
okay okay we're good we're good
I apologize for this noise everyone I'm
sure I'm sure it's lovely for you all to
listen to
but this is the noise this is what we
get
it's a little intense like the buzzing
of our skimmer deep breaths doing fine
doing fine I feel like I'm doing fine Oh
whoo that was pretty intense he managed
to successfully navigate through the
treacherous boulder field and are quite
relieved to see that you've reached the
settlement also also that thing was
supposed to be on autopilot just this is
me just saying here after a truly stone
crushing journey you have miraculously
arrived safely in Lentz flats and just
in time too because these skimmers Power
Cell has been drained it will take some
time to recharge itself
this place isn't quite what you had
expected it is semi bleak at best that's
great so this is the part you were
talking about all right
Bay's west 21 boom boom
great well then we are gonna leave it
there for now
welcome to Ellen's flats this this is
great this is very Cantina yeah oh
definitely I mean I'm sure I'm
absolutely sure okay well then we will
do we will do a special extra stream
this week to finish up Space Quest 1 I
don't know when it'll be maybe I don't
know maybe we can finally do one of
those early streams for our European
viewers can't do that can't be the ninth
I know that it can't be the ninth but
maybe tomorrow maybe we could do one
tomorrow night okay we'll see you know
what guys we'll see I am dangerously
behind on our next prereq episode but
I'm getting far it's finally getting to
a closed point rich which I'm very
excited about that's fine it's I know
it's fine but oh man no I myself a
deadline and I'm
did several times over need to be
cranking these things out once a week
Jack I we we were doing really good
where we were getting to a month our
first you know our first like 10
episodes we were doing a really good at
to a month and then we we hit a little
wall with the holidays so and it's me I
hit all of the holidays I'm sorry
everybody I'm sorry but yes make sure
everyone make sure to check out our
Twitter and we'll tell you when we're
streaming I think we can do it tomorrow
night okay and we're gonna we're gonna
finish this like something comes up with
the studio tomorrow I'm good for
tomorrow night so excellent well then
yeah just check our Twitter and it'll do
the time probably same same time around
8:30
well did you want to try it earlier for
Europe boo maybe you know what the
answer is maybe that's all I got that's
all I can promise
we should probably I mean we should
Europe one at some other time
yeah does that sure that's really sure
that's a very short notice first okay
okay wait so you know what we will I can
give no guarantees out anything that's
all that's all so I we will end now
thank you everyone for coming out
special thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thank everyone else for
spoiling space quest one in the chat
even though I wasn't reading the chance
so I didn't see any way haha
it'll be you know what it'll be fine I
just feel like no I shouldn't check like
Twitter or anything because people are
just gonna tweet me spoilers it'll be
fine okay okay
it'll be fine but we'll see you we'll
see you tomorrow probably mine have a
nice something-or-other
gah gah Dios adios muchachos
