Sep 24, 2014
Octodad: Dadliest Catch, QWOP
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47654242
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47653900
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47653171
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47652887
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47652809
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPneOjrvu6Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFXgCvKbXCw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRnrOVOOzR8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIyX6fYjcrk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxpmpLtS3iU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/514837299251535873
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/514934834339147776

[Part I]
careful what you say about me because my
fans will tear you to shreds I have no
idea don't do that I'll do that I have
no idea what you're talking about
I've said nothing but nice things about
you all the time all the time and I say
nice things about you overlook it for
now
you'll overlook it my all overlook it we
might be might be streaming oh my god
and I'm still coughing and stuff oh yeah
oh good well that's okay I use that one
we're not using that anyway welcome to
the stream possibly audio sounds good
hey that's great all right according to
my thing we're not streaming but let me
refresh here whose dream configuration
quality is excellent all right we're act
Oh we are streaming hooray welcome this
this is Octodad dadliest catch ah that
that that is the game tonight
let the dad puns begin and we were
trying to think of a dad pun to put in
the in the title of this broadcast and
we drew Biot yeah we drew a blank
yeah you know I got you hit me with that
at the last minute now I am I wanted to
I wanted to put in ddddd Dada Dada Dada
dddd but we didn't think that anyone
would get it some way but - phew - phew
in deed okay hi everybody
yeah yes so rich is here jack is here J
is here but he has to finish his salad J
got a comically large salad and he's in
back eating it right this very moment no
word yet on what type of salad it is I'm
gonna assume a chicken Caesar yeah sure
sure that's so sweet that sounds like a
common cell if it is a common salad
any less that Southwest huh might be a
salt might be a Southwest salad oh you
know I like that Southwest chicken like
a little corn and they go yeah never
nice vinaigrette dressing it's a big
salad it's a big salad
no no video games until you finish your
salad young man that's absolutely fuckin
alright - whew and dad
what are you guys trying all the dad
puns you guys are trying dad puns
yeah it's fried like his salad if it is
a chicken salad fried grilled chicken
he's watching his figure absolutely
Octodad octo Jay oh my god oh yeah Jay
you didn't you didn't you didn't notice
that I didn't even know I didn't figure
it out octo Jay welcome our one and only
moderator RJ watching left on Deb yeah
don't worry guys I'm gonna post this
once a stream or so post what I don't
know you're talking about oh it just
said oh thank you thank you octo Jay yes
give them the rules yes simply tweet
this all that yeah oh it Otto tweets it
would they know I don't understand
things you don't understand how things
work I'll double check the Twitter to
make sure that we've tweeted it to make
sure that we've twatted it we have we
have twatted octo Jays given everyone
the rules giving everyone the business
and I like that oh my god someone just
drew a picture of us
I'm looking at I'm looking at my Twitter
feed right now and someone just it's
acceptable it's okay you know anybody
here or doesn't follow us closely enough
you've missed the other night that was
neither me playing Team Fortress 2
it was hilariously we had a lot of fun
we did a Monday surprise stream and rich
forgot to plug in the controller there
we go rich play Team Fortress 2 my
favorite game and kind of sucked at it
and that's retribution for me playing X
comment sucking at it and everybody in
the chat welcome Jay Ballmer okay I got
a kill okay that's that's pretty
impressive I don't know if that's what
some good amount of kills on the game
like that more than one yeah you have a
kill death ratio cuz you need to keep
respawning okay and you want to keep
your kills well above your deaths so we
should be obvious so so who do we want
to go first you want me to go first or
you want Jay to go first unknowing
anything oh well you guys have a you
have an opinion I will do you know
anything about this they don't know
anything about okay so either a bus
won't know it'll be surprised yeah yeah
I play more games so probably you it'll
be funnier if you do it okay Jay is
playing game all right I'm gonna go get
my I put the headphones on yes thank you
mister catchy its opening song jack
Oh kind of crazy s headphones are these
on switch okay I don't know anything
about controls or anything what am i
that's that's good with this game okay
things will happen all right here we go
he's just got you your objective here is
to to get to the wedding okay so I guess
it's like an origin this is how you
become the octo mr. crew scene Octodad
or not doe groom well right now it's
just about over
you gonna oh my god and they believe in
traditional marriage Jay you know Jesus
Crist you have to be an active group I'm
sorry I stopped listening to you yeah
I've not even paid attention to you I'm
just flapping the singer Oh what exactly
Oh
clear the table okay mm-hmm are you
gonna remove the question so that's
showing you buttons over here to press
to do things
oh oh okay press it press the right
number or a button to grab me and then
you press it again to drop what you've
granted so you pick up all the cushions
the whole point is this this is madness
yes and I like it I hope the whole point
of this game is they give you an awkward
control scheme and then they ask you to
do simple things all you have to do is
get this key yes holy shit this looks
okay come on next we're gonna play clop
oh yeah yeah is there any sort of trick
to figure this out I can't get anywhere
close to the damn thing
try the other sticks the other just
stick to forward and back ah okay you
know I've had nights like this open the
captain oh my god how do I do that you
can tell the button use the grab things
all right now you gotta learn how to
walk oh Jesus so the trigger lifts the
leg the right trigger lifts the right
leg and this trigger lifts the left leg
this is funny but it's also infuriating
oh and the miracles attached to your
hand so you'll be dragging that with you
oh my got it I mean I kind of love this
yeah
am I trying to get to the door okay Oh
what I did a thing grab the thing was it
tie on the door you they're collectible
ties in this game it's not an optional
thing if you want to find all sides you
can look in every nook and cranny but no
also check yes we have two controllers
for multi yeah we give Jack and Jericho
first and they're on their own no go
ahead
just lock it Jake um okay you said the
done there we go
I gotta find my tux uh-huh
all right I'm getting the hang of this
walking thing maybe telegin wants to
know what the hell am I want it's a very
good question
you're watching Octodad yeah you're
watching an octopus blending in
perfectly human society where the fuck
is my tea it's probably one of those
doors down there there's doors yeah
we're a dump run a cake I didn't see any
doors I did somebody's not very good
oh there we go oh I'm too busy trying to
make sure I can move
hey Farben khyber thanks for subscribing
thanks for subscribing for Jai's idiocy
there's my tux like I'm pretty sure I
didn't actually play it but the
prototype for this game like the
original version I believe the final
level was just you had to climb a ladder
in this game that that was the final
level climb through this ladder love it
I'm starting to get the hang of walking
okay what do I do now find the bowtie oh
oh yes to all subscribers may the Gees
be with you no oh no there's a fan and
banana peels are there's bun man up
here's my own appeals all around the
altar Jesus Christ
I don't probably don't to go outside I
have to watch I have to turn don't so I
could watch this live for a moment okay
you missed the banana peels which is
good oh I was gonna say probably I
didn't wanna do that right oh here's my
bowtie I'm that cthulhu stained glass
severely it's a good future ch yeah you
broke the window I got something grab
the tie yet but there's time
I'm trying to get it all this other crap
sin my wife oh there you go put it out
how do I put it on I have to lift it up
and put it near work shouldn't probably
go for those of you who help yeah yes
this reminds me exactly of my wedding I
do I remember the morning of my wedding
all the ladies had to go and you know
get all fancified and me and all my
groomsmen we went out and got a little
drunk at brunch it was great
why can't I put it on I think you might
have to be in front of a mirror if I
remember right oh god damn it maybe I
could be wrong about that I can't move
anymore so we have to find a mirror
there's one right there I think that
might do we have to do I don't really
remember I've played this once or twice
okay I remember there was something with
it mirror but I could be wrong okay I'm
in front of the mirror it's behind ya ah
come on there you go Jesus you're doing
very well
all right all right you're doing
excellent all right yes and and by the
way for those of you asking yes
Jay and I will talk about people aren't
watching you later
and the more shit you knock over when
they're watching the more suspicious
they are of you and you have the little
meter at the bottom that bill is every
time you've asked something over well
suspicious white dots those are line of
science by an excuse did I already get
the ring no I thought I did but I know
but oh I got my arm around her Oh wasn't
that first room I thought I got a ring
no there was no ring you don't have a
ring farm me everybody is it just
pre-wedding jitters you know you have
any idea where I got to go to find the
yeah you're going the complete wrong way
it's and it's in the same room with her
oh okay I think tonight saying that on
your head that's great I'll take it
this is mad why is there a fish don't
know
No are you doing with the fish wake them
up yes why not
that's noir cuz that's normal I think oh
no I'm stuck
if you area a regular green you would
pick up the fish I know
percent experience oh my god these pews
are killing me for everybody watching at
home Jay has to control each leg
individually yes nothing in here no I
don't need help
oh god then I gotta get it on a finger
how do I do this delicately there we go
got it oh my god this is the most
intense thing of a raise your wedding
you were nervous
oh hey agent junior thanks for
subscribing may the Jesus be with you
that's just what I wasn't it no no this
is just the opening credits oh that was
like a like a yeah you know you weren't
dead yeah you couldn't be Octodad okay
that was just the level to teach you how
to play the game it's fun I missed a
subscriber who
I might even I might have a lot today to
play this very hilarious game how old is
this game rich a year okay so it's
pretty new I think I'm not a hundred
percent sure what came off the release
that's what I heard of it so just
dadliest catch oh I'm sorry I'm bench
and now I'm bench a now thanks for
subscribing
may the Gees be with you forever what if
they're an atheist Jack what if they
don't want the Jesus with them forever
the Jesus and God or anything is just a
dude that's just a dumb it's just a dude
wearing a fake beard smiling at the
camera alright should shut that alarm
off what it's gonna drive me nuts oh
yeah people are saying it came out this
year I'm starting to kind of get the
hang of these crazier controls get to
the kitchen get to the kitchen make some
coffee
then I gotta get the copy or just gotta
turn on it nope you need to copy I can't
get the copy one closer to it maybe you
just can't reach it I'm stuck on the
table now oh my god I'm completely stuck
there we go
if you notice this mustache - were
actually a little tiny arms yeah I
cannot get I cannot get around this
table I can't move my leg it will not
let me throw the table get the fuck out
of your table I made the coffee who is
that man that's Superman
also do you think she just thinks that
he's a slob husbands are so messy I keep
getting stuck on the furniture I'm
trying to bring you some milk I'm just
gonna leave that milk there yep it's not
your milk anymore that's the floor it's
milk
oh she's holy I know that's nice of her
oh Jesus drilling search infomercials
that taught me anything husbands are
exactly this messy no I'm stuck on the
grill ah there we go
nights like this I think so too I can't
get it I'll go back sideways this is the
most stressful thing good to have you
Phoenix I don't know it's great though I
don't know if there are any spikes in
this game but thank you for asking that
one rare but that's acceptable
that's so octopus
it's a popular game or is this like I
don't know oh no I don't know how
popular that's a good question I mean
it's kind of a novelty game I'm sure I'm
sure it's also for the chatter who keeps
asking what Jay thinks about shrek we're
not answering any shrek related
questions tonight's because I think that
my PSG oh I don't like jokes I don't
like jokes and I don't know what it is
they were asking us about struck the
other night I think it's a truck thing
going on I don't know in any case we're
not answering your trick questions so
lay off okay all right well here's an
easy way to answer it I think I saw the
first one and I don't remember it that's
that's it okay what do I gonna do weed
the garden the garden okay oh no that's
not what I want
assume in saying that this be if you get
your mower from the shed that's is that
the shed yeah well that's just filled
with basketballs well apparently that's
a daddy shows basketballs in his shed
this was apparently featured in Sony's
e3 press conference in 2013
okay okay it's a popular game no stop it
almost almost half a J almost happen
just throw those balls out of the way no
I
holy cow this is hell walk in there with
it and look your arm up yeah I think you
gotta grab it by the top could I handle
this man that's right guys we won't talk
about strength but I will talk about
smash metal - all fucking night oh I had
it come on oh that's probably why they
were asking about Shrek jack is they
know the Smash Ball oh is that the thing
probably oh okay well then I accept your
joke
somebody once told me the world oh this
is the hardest thing I've ever done in
my entire life um two-player mode
yeah I didn't think that this would be
the most complicated part of this game
is getting them fucking lawnmower out of
a shed seriously is I missing something
yeah I know you can just grab it by your
hand I mean grab it let me get it and
we're gonna melt you gotta grab it by
that though the handle I've tried it
doesn't big highlights green when you're
bigger it's hard like it now but it's I
know I've done that before but yeah oh
jesus thank God yeah you're surprisingly
good at normal on
don't don't bowl your wife's garden I
know I will not oh god the way you're
mowing the lawn right yeah you're
nailing this day if the entire game was
active dad moaning a lot Jay would get a
hundred percent hmm perhaps I spoke too
soon no Jack you want to go on the next
stage sure yeah I need a break it's good
he's gonna do it it's that for people I
guess that are watching this that don't
exactly know what's happening
I have to control each leg with separate
controllers and there's different button
for raising the leg yeah yeah it's it's
incredibly frustrating oh I did it I did
it weed the garden
yeah there's weeds in there you got to
pull the weeds out oh no like I'm not
with it just with my hands yeah okay
this way let's highlight I didn't
collect the button and lift it up yeah
this isn't too bad
this is actually suspiciously easy this
by the way this is Jack from space
cadets who is that person who's asking
me about that movie that I don't think
is out yet face cadets that's that movie
I did for the UWM kids oh I acted in it
I don't think it's out I don't remember
this oh god oh they asked me down
guarding and I'm a terrible doctor but I
had a good time and someone was like is
this jack from space cadets another
think it's out yet is that movie out yet
no one told me if it is did you see it
is it funny should I get me a copy
this that would be nice chop some
firewood that should be interesting get
our baseball oh my leg is stuck on the
there we go
that's like a marionette yeah I kind of
oh my god I chopped it okay
fairly just have to touch it max which
is helpful sorry chef oh hey BB King
thank you for subscribing we super
appreciate it
may the Gees be with you guy here now
with the chop this isn't too bad
chopping the way oh okay
hi Jake Jake was one of the producers in
space cadets oh okay okay
he was a swell fella where'd my axe go
Larry someone's saying Jax
speaking of Smash Mouth are you excited
for the new smash brothers and the
answer is yes god dammit yes it's all he
talks about all the goddamn time
did you watch Gotham so it's asking no I
have not seen it it's a lot chills not
even on fucking it looks interesting
what you can do what are you gonna do I
have absolutely no idea what I'm
supposed to do there we go
yes Hey
totally not Jake if I didn't thank you
when you subscribe I apologize because I
wasn't paying attention but thank you
for subscribing have a pizza roll that
made Jesus be with you
we're not omniscient we miss these
things occasionally the CW know or know
that yeah wouldn't be on the CW what
channel is Harrow on I don't know I
don't watch TV I don't even have cable
no I don't know I've got an area like an
antenna I got like three channels yeah
yeah right kids any any TV shows i watch
something Netflix yeah then it's settled
we're all going the WV became on my TV
someone is saying oh god I want John hey
is this a point where Jack should take
over yes okay but you're going to the
grocery store Jack doctor killed the cat
Thanks we super appreciate it
the geez smiles on you okay do a thumbs
up oh god it's my turn here at the
grocery started jesus fucking christ I'm
not ready for that I'm sit on that end
so I can look at the check oh sure yeah
yeah oh I need a break after that did
you enjoy it I did it was funny and and
frustrating and equal measures okay oh
my
now Jack is taking over and Jack is
doing the grocery store Oh what the fuck
what's your arm okay you didn't get the
controls to move yeah the triggers lift
up your leg and then you move the leg
and then you do the other trigger I
think the other leg and that's how you
walk there's a sick way you can ride
holy cow first of all fuck yeah and then
when you're not lifting your legs the
the sticks move your arm go up and down
and and then move it in the flat line
around it's awful this is funny oh my
god what is oh here we go
oh I need to get on this Segway is it oh
how do I grab things Oh perfect
there we go okay yeah you're on the
Segway Acropolis has revolutionized very
fine frozen pizza periods
everything here is automated and handled
remotely oh wait I got a like this you
got a legacy oh they're perfect we're
working on getting it fixed but we're
sure at least one freezer door is
working how do I let go something hit
the the grab things button what's the
grand thing JLo's a right the bottom one
was the grab things button yes yeah okay
great that's great one
yeah it's the only way to lock that was
that no oh no oh no you close the door
now you're gonna find a way to open the
door fuck dude the frozen pizza glitch I
don't know what that is but we're not
doing a pizza well I don't need taters
do we yes he says pizza Oh
so get the fucking pizza well what
happened I drink milk I find a glitch
disorderly in love this okay what is
this that's not those look like
doughnuts
that's TV dinners
Oh Pizza Wow fortunately the doors the
doors here are out of order
oh oh oh I think I understand what I'm
supposed to do what what well I'm pretty
good at moving the legs I'm not gonna
lie I think I think the guy if I just
have to go straight I can do the legs
okay but it's when I have to like
maneuver around things or do something
really good I think that's when
everything goes
oh my god I gotta get this stuff on my
way yeah there yeah here we go look at
okay I got this guy's I got this I got
this I got you get your leg up get your
leg up yo make it to that top shelf
almost don't worry
yeah oh wait you know if I can move my
arms
Marriott come on okay put down four done
there you go there you go don't walk
this is awesome this is possibly the
best game of it what is our alums
favorite movie featuring an octopus or
squid oh no you know include Goonies
even though the octopus scene was cut
out of the movies there's an octopus eat
in yes it's on the blu-ray version it's
a really stupid scene and I can see why
they cut it it's why not when they go
down when they first see the the pirate
ship turns and yeah there's an octopus
in the water and it starts like flailing
it's a really bad looking fake octopus
is that what it cut it around yeah I
think so
and then one of the kids it might be
data takes like a Walkman yeah shoves it
in its mouth and for some reason that
makes it swim away Wow and that's the
scene it's terrible
huh yeah my favorite movies I'm Bob I'm
popular choice with a squid or octopus
yeah Popeye yeah it's at the end that's
the like the finale that's right he he
beats up Pluto and punches an octopus
into the sky into the sky yeah it goes
flying up to the air he does his little
spin punch and as I was flying around
underwater
uppercuts it oh no on a rewatch Popeye
doot-doot-doot to do just watch an
attack I know I'm nothing not my goal to
squid the whale that's really good
but this squid is dead hanging in a
museum
oh no she's getting really suspicious
yeah yeah I gotta get out of here for me
to talk about how we get our meat from
what oh jeez forget the trick to getting
it if there even is one enough you just
have to stealthier about it
obviously she can't be looking at you
right no I see every once in a while she
would go and look away at something else
yeah what are you trying to do let me
try it out right now nope yes she has to
he has to get the cereal from that lady
shopping he has to steal for her I see
well someone mentioned Ed Wood when it
comes to squid scenes yes let's see
where they put Bela Lugosi in the water
he's got the fake rubber squid there a
way to change the camera angle okay
oh no I'm not doing anything you're not
good at this not doing anything just
throw something at her hand maybe a
little starter you got it got it I got
it
doop do doop to do nothing over here
ma'am nothing all right
yeah I got this you guys don't even need
to worry if I can got this oh they
change this lovely office the last time
I played it this used to be right in the
middle of the aisles whole structure huh
that's weird
our deli offers a variety of creatures
that can be fried barbecued roasted and
toasted okay okay hey get up get out of
here get out of here octo this move okay
like oh that you fuck let go of that
hold on to that there you go
Mike up other leg I guess you can count
be the Galaxy Quest Elliott as the
squids okay yeah I haven't seen that
movie in forever I'm sticking with
Popeye I cannot think of a movie with a
squid or octopus in it I mean I'm sure
you've seen I'm sure I've seen your
thing to try to remember yes 20,000
Leagues Under the Sea
great values two great families did you
just knock everything over to the end
maybe
like this guy's very suspicious for
shoes hey no look I'm just walking like
a normal human
that masta soda is out of this world by
the way I'm fuckin mail and groceries
you you are you are alright I was gonna
whoa okay he is very suspicious of me
you see sure you keep knocking shit over
also okay look at this I'm just floating
bananas are slippery
oh is that yeah you might have you might
have had some banana oh can I go in the
rocket ship probably I mean oh look
there's an Octodad know that he's in our
proposed yes why is he trying to fool
everybody
I don't well III don't know that they
ever immediately explain that okay it's
just a goofy brown I know there's some
backstory at some point it's alright I'm
playing the piano it's possible he's
doing it just because he loves the life
okay
he fell in love it's it's like splash
basically yes this this is a modern-day
retelling of splice this is what playing
games is all about having fun
that's what though that is what this
game is all about just fucking around
yep okay oh my foot Scott oh my fuck
there we go good - do i oh there's some
references on that back wall are there
Stanley's parables
you gcw coop coop oh the crap see that
clap maybe we should play co-op later
it's thematically appropriate this it's
another awkward movement game okay
that guy just told me I was in his
bubble I don't want to go by that lady
again oh can I put on sunglasses
probably maybe not hi I just had new
sunglasses don't worry about me
okay I mean put them on my face oh yeah
super high it's like I'm Kanye yo no
you're so much more awesome nope Mart
pardon me pardon me just a normal person
walking in the store oh damn I'd rather
you played the Stan Lee / no that would
be so boring I don't necessarily agree
the Stanley parable is is great yeah but
it's probably something best enjoyed
playing it and watching somebody else
play it no we could never play it
because it would spoil it yeah yeah
exactly
and that's something you should just see
on your own yeah the demo by the way
completely free and you get a decent
idea of what that games about yeah that
milk company so get me get yourself the
demo of the state get some soupy sushi
samples and back to be simply sushi and
daddy sales like back here yeah great
the XK get sushi since I'm sure I'm sure
nothing to go wrong I don't think you're
running us working there you go there
you go oh boy oh he's gonna get you he's
almost got you're gonna die
hi what are you I'm trying to get
towards the camera
oh I was trying to crawl over the thing
oh no did I - oh you died so J oh no you
can't diagnose yes
J did better than you I thought this is
what could I died in Milan was it for
you
you fell in the water oh this area I
don't this is like the end guys yeah
also if the suspicion meter gets then
your cover as well if that purple bar at
the bottom okay it goes all the way
across the bar alright oh I can't step
in the gym well it looks like you have
the option to grab the mob I think I'm
just gonna try to step over yeah that's
right I'm just saying so this is why you
can't blow your cover because people
want to turn you into moderately priced
this guy knows octopus because he's a
sushi chef and he's hip to those kind of
things
oh I don't think I can take this sushi
chef knows it's octopus
always up to something odd what were you
doing back there
can I get my wife is hey baby whatever
you guys want to try co-op load well
whoa well do do do to do to do where do
I go check out yeah there's everything
that's everything you grab yeah yeah of
course
do do do do
of course you can take this game
seriously that sometimes I just don't
understand you
well I said they're just repeating whoa
oh okay okay I'm here then can't
chitchat
I got some sweet shades by the way I
suppose I did not pay for the sunglasses
sorry Jane felled EF sweet we do need
just a couple more copies of new key nor
three maybe four and then I think we'll
be good with new keys J I'm gonna say a
half a dozen okay
a half a dozen more and we can we can do
our new key episode all right that's all
we need just a few more so keep sending
in those new keys oh he doesn't want to
go to the aquarium because he's an
octopus yeah and that would cover what
he sees it as uh there was some kind of
funny line in there by him he always
sees aquariums like a like a prison
there like I'm sure he sees the mystical
untenable day for all right oh yes you
have to be careful around marine
biologist okay
I'll just have to add that to the list
of questions don't worry we're here for
you
this is ludicrous yes this is ludicrous
rich I can't believe anyone would make
this game a game where you can go do
this do you see what I'm doing here to
do take the coupon from your hand and go
buy tickets okay for your family okay
great
coming whoa oops sorry almost knocked
into that don't know something smells
fishy
Oh marine biologists they know
efficiently he's kissing us like a
stealth esque thing jerk can't let them
see you you still gotta buy your tickets
well I'm gonna get to your family it's
the only way I can be slightly what did
you get back in line
I didn't cut any questions please ask
our talented staff I am NOT cutting in
line you could technically I think I
think you actually can as long as I
don't knock over anything well you can
knock over things no no there's a meter
at the bottom as long as that's not full
every time I hit a thing someone yes
because they're looking at you when
you're knocking things over whoa whoa
whoa slow your octo roll good oh wait oh
that I bet there's a secret thing of
that like I've never been up that ladder
oh I'm going up that fucking ladder
okay you can jam I can jack make it off
that's what we're all waiting to find
out
elana have a whale at a time okay oh my
god
first I need to wake Ann I come back to
this area um when you see what's up
there now yeah
remember there might be a tie we've only
found the one default-time sure
yes that's right Chad the stepladder by
the way I don't know if anyone could
tell with the way that episode was
edited that is all that bit is she turns
around and says a stepladder I think she
says some stuff afterwards but there's
no setup as to what the hell's he's done
happens like a couple times - yeah they
they show that same clip multiple times
the dance turns to the camera and says a
stepladder
that's not fancy editing no well it's
been a very fancy editing they get well
not an art part that's the whole thing
all of that thing that whole like her
saying like get over it or whatever
Justine babe come on
yeah that was really in there yeah
that's insane to me
yes it's an odd video you guys this has
become a new life goal getting up the
slack if you like the osteoporosis dance
and your your your with our patreon my
wanna keep on keep an eye on the videos
in the next few days just just keep an
eye on come on come on Oh
I might be in trouble I might be in
trouble
are you did you is your head caught in
there and you lost the ticket oh I got
it
I think the tickets up there oh no
there's a ticket on the ground I've got
another one spawn in front of them yeah
this is the games the game is big nice
games man nice I still want to see
what's up there all right
oh yeah probably needs it fucking hell
come on
there's a ladder here there has to be
something up there yeah no yeah I refuse
to believe it's a little detail in a
game that makes it impossible to climb
things well well you put a ladder
somewhere that means you want people to
climb game design 101 okay alright
alright I can do this guy's
breathe okay one step at a time
oh no no I'll go that what is on top of
that we don't know something up there
that's what I'm your driver and a hammer
maybe I need that left for later Oh
okay get him cam you gotta get your
other leg up the top oh you made it up
and there's nothing
oh wait wait maybe up there no you know
you're gonna get up on that other ledge
I mean probably you're gonna fall off oh
my god oh my god don't lose it now
almost all right all right you got it
you got it
I got this I got this I got this up here
- it's good all deep there's something
there's something in that corner if only
you had the ticket because now you're
gonna have to get back by I'll just tie
okay there's a tie just a tie
you gotta get across this thing can you
get across this thing no there's no wall
to support you and you're gonna land on
the marine biologist jack I got this I
don't think you do the leaders going up
really quick your ear dead oh my god
you're nearly dead okay I need that
ticket okay so guys I'm kind of fucked
kind of fucked there's a lot of effort
oh I mean that was worth it too but it's
just a pop I don't give a fuck about the
ties those are the only collectibles
you're gonna find you those are the only
I mean I think they are I think ties
well I'm more worried with progressing
through the game than I am with clothes
skip cutscene are you there's one hidden
level in a toilet boat what you can
flush yourself down one of the toilets
it's a hidden level what that sounds
great
other men okay we're gonna make a food
I'm not gonna knock into any of these
line things this is this is my new goal
all right oh you felt again okay no more
no more I'm not gonna run it anymore
line it okay okay boys butter smooth as
butter look I'm just a guy Otis fuck
dear we're gonna wait in line you're
just gonna wait you're not gonna cut
either you're not gonna fucking cut out
you know why I'm just a kind of suit of
a guy in a suit wouldn't cut okay
okay I'm just a dad trying to take his
kid to the aquarium dudududu here's my
coupon here's my coupons
you don't even worry about it scoop our
oh oh oh my god
if this is my new goal the median
failure can that be a goal of my
immediate failure that's an easy one
okay failure is always an option it's
true always put it down on the counter
your man a man would put it down on the
counter it wouldn't wait Oh put your
hand down this is oh oh oh you know what
I haven't been using this stick for the
handle oh my god oh my god that's a
large chunk of the game well now I see
you Oh Oh up and down left and right yes
yes
up down and around yes I wasn't playing
this tutorial I don't eat it
but I explained this to you and you
weren't listening to me I usually don't
listen yeah that helps now you got to
get around the marine biologist - what
something smells something smells fishy
you always say yeah you're in that same
consonant alright keep out of their
sight or else this is basically how rich
functions everyday that is that is very
accurate I don't keep oh okay I see gift
shop gift shop gift shop there's also I
forget what button it is there's a
button you can hold on to stay low to
the ground the B button okay
don't mind me guy you keep moving to do
I get it now I gotta go to turnstile
yeah you gotta get your family past the
marine biology about there to your right
she might be past them okay we can do
this guy's
we can do this we can do this we can do
this we can do this we do I think is
caught you know like his clock okay oh
yes they go through a turnstile he got
there really easy Oh shots went right
through the turnstile Jack your your
method of walking is fascinating it's
great well I have to see it's just
fascinating
52 don't mind me shit
okay here we go okay okay here we go
here we go
you guys I am killing it at Octodad just
put that out there
poof okay fine Stacy yep there are two
different sections of the aquarium
sure of course they're fucking family oh
I just Dick Van Dyke dick okay okay whoa
fucking camera whoa what's in here
what's in here I'm not sure try using it
well no there's a type
yeah sure time
at the pump again see if it goes further
out okay this is the part Jack was born
to play can you just reach your arm in
there are you I'm father died I found a
shark town y'all soon peace my time out
my time out excuse me kid sir
I just love it when he lays down rlm is
the world's top Octodad streamer I tell
me there's nobody down here well they're
in the different exhibits make sure you
keep an eye on is an exhibit ready uh
yes try hitting the button there you
know okay great
bicycle these are like different levels
so okay I get it okay yeah you know what
you know what you know what you know
what the deep ocean home to many this is
the greatest from now on if anyone asked
me for a list of great names on it
turn off your ghost a moment for Bobby's
I guess the see-through sometimes he's
see-through yeah maybe they say can turn
that off
I suppose clearly a free house
congratulation where your jellyfish hat
fuck you just like the daughter your
Skeletor isn't good or their prey
do you have what it takes to hunt in the
darkness I bet you don't stand to start
this little game oh okay you got that
one
let's give you more okay you doing okay
you're killing it jack you're killing it
I fucking know I am miss one that's okay
I assume I can this one I hope so
you shut up kid graduations hunter you
have what it takes
try if we had more controllers I would
drop this control is so fucking good at
oxygen take it what Jeremy fish yeah
shake it Slater thank you
oh I shit I hit my kid out of here kid
okay later through the exhibits okay
come on well I think she wants to know
you're leaving the exhibit what Oh lead
Stacey through the gym yeah oh she wants
you want to see the thing fucking kids
why do the mommies leave this kid all by
herself that's the thing she's a
terrible parent
first and foremost how come nobody knows
he's an octopus that's totally
unrealistic what I'm right fucking here
what what what do you want you're good
kid how big the jellies get I have never
heard anyone brag about being good at
Octodad before well now you have
somebody else is calling this a domestic
abuse simulator honestly it's a little
weird shaking
cuz like I think I smacked her with this
giant heavy light you you did okay come
on Stacy probably have to get through
there somehow oh shit it's a marine
biologist sir
your natural enemy shit just got real
shit oh that's pretty darn dumb she just
asked if we could escape this place of
nightmares we are playing this on PC
when people ask us actually well yeah
yeah this I'm on your Mac but it's on
your Excuse oh it's Windows oh he
stopped look at her yeah okay that's
what are you in Fred oh do you drop it
like I do I give it to her
oh okay oh I just hit her again
what actually scared
you have to get the mites one thing to
do what get the lights work there's
things at the bottom of the screen that
tell you what you have to do
oh yeah no but is just like a what do i
I don't understand what I have to do
Betty there's a big rule that says
maintenance there's a big sign oh I see
oh and there's blowing fix meaning this
is blowing things bleeding into the room
I bet that might be a hint I'm not sure
shut up I'm taking it okay okay what
this is highly doable yeah oh I got this
we don't even need to you don't even
need to worry about nothing I worry
about everything you worry about
everything absolutely everything oh
Jesus
oh oh I see the trouble in this okay we
have lots of wires come on come on you
got this you got this you got this you
got this okay
almost almost there you go oh okay wait
I wasn't paying attention for a little
bit how did he get in this position bran
has to do this because the girl wanted
to is afraid of a monster fish thing
yeah
and he needs to turn on the lights okay
so the girl won't be afraid of the
monster fish thing and now I need to
you need to put the mighty I need on the
back yeah make light like this is Jax
setting up the cables for the stream
each night so true it's so true what
what is a puzzle you didn't miss Oh
doesn't look scary at all what the
lights I did to the thing I did a thing
hey little girl wait for your octopus
dad
oh it's Jesus now you got to get up
those stairs I got this you super fast
oh I don't think your method of running
is that there you go there you go there
you go another time what okay what are
you doing it keep I'm I am trying to
help you girl the escalator is your
natural there we go come on up lady girl
hi
oh fuck I hit her again oh geez oh she's
not following you well enough so you
have to discipline her oh my god this is
this is the harder one this is a harder
one this is a hard go go go yeah you got
it you got it
whoa easy peasy Oh easy peasy
don't hit the kid thank you for visiting
the deep ocean oh yeah delighted I've
had that I had this unfuckin lock down
whoa
weird thing a little break that's what
we're gonna do shit
this is this is a hard game it's
adorable
it is but yeah we're gonna take a little
break we can stream in for an hour
little so we're gonna run a commercial
and we'll be back and we'll do some I
will do a little more octodad because
this is insane
where's my mouse mouse what I'm a gamer
first I don't think well we know what
track trail tap okay there it is okay
there's one of us uh we'll be back in
like comments

[Part II]
all right oh crap
hey guys I messed up messed up already
we haven't even I forgot to switch it
back to the game where the game doh you
know I told Jessi about OctoDad
she's not here
oh she's what was her missing out her
excuse was chores and I call bullshit on
that oh yeah you heard back for even
yeah okay well no when we talked when we
talked to her the other day okay are we
on yeah yeah we're last I heard her she
said she might show up later we saw Jay
and Jack have not talked about the AVGN
movie yet but we will Jay, Jay wants to get a
few beers in him first I don't know I
we were Jack and I were talking during
the break like I don't even think I can
talk about anything substantial while
trying to play this Oh God you
too focused you know when you guys want
to talk about I'll take over or
something okay we'll play something else
or something or you know what maybe we
won't talk about it we'll see what
happens see this is gonna get built up
to a point where twitch is burning it's
getting too built up with it isn't a big
deal it's you know what it's fine so I'm
trying to find my other family yeah you
have to go well yes I supposed to bring
my daughter with me no no okay you're
you I went through a door I just
realized I wanna hear him make his
little noises oh I don't hear just turn
up
okay there we go my headphones did Santa
here's a little squishy noiseless what
am I supposed to go I had to go through
an elevator mr. ghost or that leads to a
different exhibit maybe that one Amazon
arcade try to go through that door maybe
yeah there you go
Oh Jack when are we going to get rich Evans 
baby shirts and RLM bobbleheads
I've told Jessi about both of those
ideas it is her job to delegate you I'm
happening oh you have seven prizes to
scarlet top it update Thanks give your
wife there your wife wants to talk your
wife is upset so give her things
basically yes see him play the arcade
games yeah as octodad
give her prizes because that's what you
do when women are upset you give them
things that's exactly how it works
if you just keep giving them more and
more things and I just feel that guys
basketball and then they never forgive
you no you you haven't given them
enough things rich if you give them
enough things they do forgive you I
haven't gotten to that point but now I
keep smacking her don't smack her with
the prize Oh am I supposed to do here
pull the snake try walking away from it
while you pull it maybe I think you have
to pull it the anaconda conversation oh my
god I wish I had a different camera
angle for this this is kind of annoying
yeah Jay would you say that your
anaconda does or doesn't want some
I'm sorry was that a reference to Nicki
Minaj it was damn it was her he's the
one that originated that song right yeah
what was that I was just seeing some
sort of interview with with there we go
yeah and someone asked her about the
Nicki Minaj song and he's like I don't
care yeah she can do what she wants she
did her own thing with the song he got
paid he doesn't care sure
Oh Jay don't smack her with it this I'll
try not to go to the hospital somehow
you already gave her that oh that's one
I already gave her she put it down
because you're just giving her shit
while she's trying to talk to you this
is just nagging
Oh Show_Jack_Taboo_Jay nice name welcome
thank you for subscribing
may the Gees just got in what did I miss
you missed everything you missed some of
the most fun that Jack and Jay have had today
but you know what you didn't miss you didn't
miss anybody talking about the video game
I think that's all all they're worried about
really not anything it's really not a
big deal but right now the important
thing to know is that Octodad is amazing
yes it gets the RLM seal of approval absolutely 100%
why does the pizza roll icon look like
Minnesota that's a good question why
does why doesn't it a sorta look like a
pizza roll icon that's a better question
question when they were drawing the
boundary lines
Vespucci americano was eating pizza
rolls
that's what was before they were called
pizza rolls damn it
so I'm gonna go back over to my wife and
she's still gonna be nagging right oh yeah
absolutely
this is this has been going on for she's
a wife all right one more one more
you could do this jay
she has every right to be pissed yeah I think
so yeahyou fuck up the house every day she just
she often she's cleaning and fixing
things you break you smack your kids all
the time and probably her don't smack
her don't smack her oh I can answer that
question only because I heard Mike
answer it in a different interview which
is what is the origin of the pizza rolls
in RLM folklore according to Mike in an
interview that I read a while back he
thought it would be funny
I believe even more accurately he was working
on one of the Plinkett reviews and he
just happened to be making some pizza
rolls while he was working on it and he
worked it in yes he stopped to have
pizza rolls while making the review and
he worked it in it was a non sequitur
joke and it has become legacy
much like many oh my god i keep smacking her
stop smacking here
I'm just so excited to give her
this take this take it take it take it
take the prize see you this is there we
go what do you 
somebody is saying there's a tie in the machine
Oh what machine 
oh no like a whack-a-mole
oh you have to do to the whack a mole
whack an eel
this is gonna be tough
what's the RLM crew's thoughts on the dollars trilogy
I love the dollars trilogy
A Fistful of Dollars is like my go to Western
I like a Fistful of Dollars 
and then I would go good bad the ugly yeah 
and then for a few dollars oh
you know what I don't want to see the
dollars trilogy well this is great
I'm sure Oh God you can do it Jake you
can do it could I do it nope do it again
oh fuck get him oh no this is I have so
much difficulty controlling my heart
movements like I don't quite have the
coordination to get it to be one more
one more
no you guys start over fuck can do this
yeah just kind of hover over and that's
how I try to do but then I move my arm
wrong that one got three oh one more it
just needs one more fuck see this is
when I get excited and I screw up I mean
dude do it at your own pace Jake oh we
did it oh my god which are you planning
on having Jillian jessalyn or Wiz on any
best of the worst or half in the bags
anytime soon
why are you asking me you're in charge
I'm in charge
yeah tomorrow they're all on tomorrow
actually
I've always one of Mario Mario just
asked a really great question which is
why does he says hey guys I'm not sure
you noticed but a lot of our LM
merchandise has been in the scene during
shots lately and probably wondering why
so much because it's lying around here
that's actually kind of true I ain't see
I would think it's because their quality
made products well that's you know but
that's half of the bag best of the worst
glasses fear you have to worry about
like copyright will hose on a glass
behind your bars and we know we're fine
yes yes that's the real answer I was
thinking of a funny area here I'm not
gonna do this one anymore I wanna play
basketball okay
oh oh or that thing you're gonna climb
on that thing drift rapper I think you
only need seven I think more than seven
games yeah I got just gonna do one more
are you your SK did you did you get your
ass kicked and just keep on Rocky
thanks Q those people your hard rock
skeeball simply guitar yeah that I
wasn't doing very good at oh you're
thinking of the product placement scene
and way to a blonde John Peel oh that
isn't my intro bunny yeah he said it
made me think of the product placement
sequence at Wayne's World 2 wrong
correcting him unless there is a product
placement sequence in winter now there's
the famous product placement sequence is
it yes although a very very similar
scene was in return of the killer
tomatoes first real yes Jay are you
trying to play basketball for real you
know you have a long octopus arm oh
Jesus Christ I still can't do it you
know can you can you climb up on the
machine you can just get in there and
sheep oh fuck
hold on no I can't move my feet right
now
not when I'm moving my hands right well
oh there we get up there yeah
you got it got it Jackie loan no do not
commit seppuku whatever that is
we all make these mistakes don't worry
about it what happened Archana some
commit seppuku no because John kilo
called it Wayne's World 2 instead of one
oh well yeah okay go ahead no John Kela
we like you oh I did it never right I
thought I'd ran out of time and vodka
gimlet says I hope you feel good
shutting down one of your fans oh I just
took that guy's ball don't stop stealing
his shit Jane I'm not doing on purpose I
just don't know how to walk properly oh
there we go
yay
she came up with the Plinkett drawing who
sent that to us again I forget the guys
name the original drawing the one that no
Bill Mudron yeah Bill Mudron He was a
fan and he gave us an excuse oh wait you
guys take this image and use it for five
or six I've given her six what else toy
Gettys 187 yeah if they give her oh
seven I thought it was just six nope hey
one more game Jay you can do it okay
what do you think of Stanley Kubrick's
dr. Strangelove oh it's great hey I'm
sorry don't ask me questions right now I
know I know
hey one oh fuck I don't know what's
going on with this thing
there we go maybe points oh you gotta
knock apples off yeah you need to hit 20
oh geez
Jesus Christ is new in that one yeah
hey you're not gonna do it but that's
fine you're gonna do fine next okay just
actually it's Jay playing but somebody
said Jack's doing the acht real grossest
dance nice yeah why does my yeah why do
a lot of this
why does my hands keep coming on for the
controller I don't know I'm so hidden
anyone is there anything again yeah
are you kidding I'm not hitting any
buttons okay as I would say when I was a
kid the games just cheating it's true
Jay this game is I think this whole game
is just GD are you are you happy that
tell me why soon my soul is going to be
named samurai cop - uh I don't know what
to think about that to me it kind of not
like it before I kind of thought maybe
they're gonna try and just make like a
fun action the sequel but that kind of
makes me think that it's going in here's
my directors here's I have two thoughts
this form I'm always glad to see Tommy
Wiseau alright so myself yeah I'm always
glad to see Tommy Wiseau but it means
they're trying to make a bad movie ad
that's funny that means they're gonna
fail right yeah that's my concern but
we'll see we'll see what happens okay I
hate this game oh you're gonna try to
drift rapper again now and try this
thing yeah I don't even know what this
is I I have not seen predestination oh
my god this camera angle sucks
stop doing that there we go
what am I supposed to do yeah I Drive it
in can you get the raindrops from the
slot to the underground what that's the
name that's how the gripped rapper works
it's Plinko yeah I can't even get up
there well you need to get your other
leg on the platform I think how do I do
that
yeah right now you're doing the splits I
suppose it's possible to even crawl in
there it's bigger now you can reach it
I'm growing a little frustrated at this
game you can do it do it we believe is
there a different game you can play I
always go back to skee-ball skee-ball
her I keep going as he ball or Oh Erica
yeah the problem one you get twisted
around like this is I don't even know
which leg is which sometimes yeah I
guess again do it do it Jay do it get
there oh you got this you got this you
go oh yeah no no yep oh no that's close
try this one
no I don't like this one I got this on
my first try Klein after that
congratu-fucking-lations it's my
crowning achievement in life well there
you go
what are you excited about Metal Gear
Fault Solid five at all no the answer is
no but I thought you loved cutscenes
I like cutscenes but I don't like a
series that mistakes convoluted nonsense
for having a deep Internet the story but
keither southern rulings in it I don't
care really if I were a fan of the
series I would be annoyed that they were
changing the voice for absolutely no
good reason I think I'm over this game
yep maybe it's just I hate this this
just hate this I do at this game
nonsense I don't like but you hate the
next section
really yeah yeah I liked that like doing
everyday you know chores and that kind
of stuff yeah it's fun yeah this is just
getting frustrating in a not fun way I
think they worried that the short thing
would get over I don't think I would
have okay I don't think so either
I think that's Wow he's crying
that makes me happy so the next one's
kind of weird
yeah yeah you say that as if the game
hasn't been
stop smacking your wife oh the tank has
sprung a leak
honey you try to fix that instead yes
exactly like getting rid of Stephen
Russell
fuck yeah what the voice of dirt
okay what do I have to do spring uh
probably stick your tentacle in there
plug the leaking ting where is it
leaking the throat right there oh that's
okay that looks like it was inside
though yeah sure okay oh you did it oh
no
fuck me look oh oh that's clever thanks
woody that bed got an official that's
clever business club that's yeah that's
ringing a bank I would love to plug the
hole I'm trying to plug the hole
oh god damn it Mike my guess is there's
gonna be seven leagues I think so hello
and you this is a it has to be a quick
one because when you're swimming in the
water it looks like you're an octopus
yeah yeah you're doing it you're doing
it you're doing it you got caught I'm
gonna do it again
what oh yeah eating I think I'm done
with this game what oh oh it was a
museum but now it's getting just
frustrating that's alright that's that's
why Jay can play for rich can play for
a little bit you know one of you one of
you guys all right here do this
nah oh like a champ James like a fucking
champ no Octomom jokes have been made
that's true yeah because we're a
classier they've already is Octomom the
joke no I think I think people are
hurting our dog don't have anyway yeah
use a joke based on that is that what
it's based on I'm sure yeah because it
has nothing to do with having no I'm
assuming that's why it's called act okay
not because it's an octopus in your dad
oh come on there we go you could have
called it a lot of things Sheriff XCOM
were FTL X don't know both our arrays
FTL FTL is amazing no don't get all
later buddy stepped over that guy's face
alright now I gotta find that other kid
you can do it Jay kiss smack them that
might be it but deep dark sea that's the
one you did this world area world of
kelp Oh God oh my god I'm so sorry
oh my god
world of kelp sounds about right
I think that's the nice yeah nope oh
well you already in there I don't see
I'm looking at the street that's right
that's right Jill what am I supposed to
do
you're supposed to do edutainment things
next come to the bureau Declassified
that's all I'm saying about that but I
don't like things just because they say
X come that's that's not really an ex
con game that's a third-person shooter
that causal so can I stop game what is
the globe game what am i doing what am I
supposed to do with it I don't know
I wanna do something with it I think I
have to hit the the buttons on it as
your spins
you gotta get the green thing I I have
no idea what this globe game is and
absolutely no idea what I'm so so the
gravity globe and try spinning it I was
sort of doing okay and then you have to
grab that green flashing one okay
okay now the red one oh come back to me
come back to me little red pants which I
don't like
I like plenty of things there it is
I love thief one and two and that's it
those are the two games I like I was
like an invisible ink like Lego the
classic Mario games like a lot of things
like do purple suppose I don't like a
lot of things that other people tend to
light but that's that's just lazy like
they didn't they heard Mass Effect game
none of them anymore
the older ones are ruined please stop
asking me about that horrible nightmare
yep
oh god am I supposed to follow them in
there I don't think whoa I'm sure at
some point we will be playing more next
time
as far as my opinions on beef 3 I just I
just can't get into it any time I hit a
loading zone I just want to throw up and
the levels are all tiny
they tried I guess I guess it got made
and that's good but what awesome I have
combined spawn okay I did it I did well
now you need see how you have like blue
spores in this one now you need more
blue spores and in each of those Oh God
or or you know throw them all over the
place that's it that worked yeah
mr. horn - or star control - master of
rain - is one of my favorite games ever
so Master of Orion
- oh wait try putting a green one in
there
it's just tours of the Oh God sorry I
just don't think it's - I look over here
like this one has before can go fuck
itself with a rusty stick oh Jesus
Christ rich I've watched videos of our
line out of curiosity and it looks awful
just awful
why am i oh okay I didn't something you
so you have to you do have to combine
ones of different colors okay no come on
leg come on leg one more time there we
go
just one more time grab the top of the
kilt
okay what grab the top of the cap what
why grab what where I don't know the top
of what killed I hate this I want to
welcome a key adventurer in the grocery
store
this is stupid yeah this is oh maybe
it's that fan thing oh there we go is
that the top of the kilt
I guess I did grab a vote on the rent
part I grabbed it huh the red part they
go yeah we did it yeah I missed the
grocery store - this game jumped the
shark like right away
oh my Jesus Christ
you're having fun not anymore
yeah I'm having fun watching maybe maybe
it's funny to watch it's more
frustrating and not fun before it was
kind of frustrating but it was funny you
gotta get out of there
am I supposed to get out here yeah oh
yeah these stupid Lake like these games
it's that way that looks like a quiz the
slider to find out slide to reveal the
answer this is really drunk dad
simulator but it kind of is what am i
doing yeah you just have to slide it
across the whole thing to reveal the
dancer you slid it across yeah so like
just hear it you need to put it here
ahead oh I see
hey this help isn't going to learn
itself that's funny
this is the thing about this game is
just walking around is so amusing
that you don't really need anything else
yeah well Kobey's worrying that silly
man suit what are you talking about he's
a man nothing there's nothing silly
about that that might have been a Donnie
Darko reference oh okay
I like that Liz six over five being an
octopus is just a metaphor for being a
deadbeat dad it's fine those kids yes
he's a fine guy yes they cook burgers
for them what is he possibly doing bad
at this someone is asking if we will
sign their cap and probably the answer
is no because rich is really alert so
they're just trying to kill me now yeah
don't mail us your cat just point that
out you know some jackass is gonna bail
a giant envelope for that that's gonna
happen you just gave them that idea no
no because of you they're gonna do it
yeah you should not have said anything
they wouldn't have thought of anything
so devious Oh
shames basically a slide show ah that's
why we have to bring in my computer yeah
fraktur dad yeah and that's okay oh my
geez is Christ
is this like the last level I don't know
we're not going now I'd say you're more
than halfway through oh my god I mean do
we try to finish Octodad that's that's
doable it's doable yeah I just kicked
that lady in the face and by the way
that only gets you slightly suspicious
is that funny like like that dad kicked
me in the face yeah I guess Oh God
Podcast what is this basically what this
is so kind of what this is wait we
didn't I did come up with a name for it
though oh yeah
the should I say sure the fraud cast
yeah yeah nice nice rich you got this
Jake you got this get that other leg
moves this is a case where I don't know
which leg is which huh slowly yes this
section is nasty it's probably the most
difficult section
oh really yeah yeah hey rich what do you
think of the portal series well for this
one fartole makes me laugh
is that supposed to yeah the portal oh
it's for a little comedy thing I might
be thinking of something else some you
might be thinking a postal know I know
postal portal where you you you have a
teleporter gun
let's move is it a passive-aggressive AI
that's trying to kill you yeah okay yeah
it's good or oh no there's this oh god
damn it I'm done I'm done with this shit
that's gonna keep kicking that lady
every time we walk past no don't kick
the lady anymore
one more try then I'll take over her ass
one more try you got this Octodad you
had me and now you've lost me oh oh
nope whoa
although in all fairness it is just
because I'm horrible at coordinating
controls in a game like this yeah but
that's what the game is portal is funny
but it's not a comedy I disagree but
it's an adventurer slash comedy but yeah
comedy is a huge element it's it's a
different it's a non comedy first but no
I mean the comedy runs throughout the
entire game though that's pretty
prominent for sure but it's I mean like
you said an adventure comedy yeah or an
action comedy right it would not be
classified as a comedy first it
absolutely has comedic elements that
that make its personality without its
comedic on it there you go
they are everyone I'm done with Octodad
that's okay Jay like that gave it your
best I have not played Master of Orion
three just because of all the terrible
horrible reviews of God but I came up
and I didn't see any point don't kick
the lady
I'm not Jay I'm not gonna kick it away
okay I will kick that lady every time I
walk past her whoa
how to do just hang it out there like
more like octo done yeah that's right
whoa get up there there leg oh okay
nope okay all right oh there's a fan
we're doing this the suckers well Wow
look at that
oh it's like a checkpoint you got you
got that far in that now we can get the
fan oh okay okay Louie okay whoa whoa
whoa whoa
where's my other leg that sword I kept
having like it felt like one of the legs
wasn't working and I'm sure it's just me
fucking up the controls
so if you notice by the way the feet
would glow a little bit when you press
on them oh yeah that helps no I got to
figure out which is which okay get there
get there get there get there
yeah I hate this section of the game
okay we got this we got this well the
thing that was cute about the first
couple levels is how grounded in in
reality they were I are the most part
great completely yeah well then the next
person I think that I think it's the
next particle flashback okay you don't
want to do it I just want to stand up
for a little bit we do that there we go
I don't take a deep breath I don't know
if you fell back down but I'm the scream
area you're I think you're pretty close
no oh yeah I'm not here
I made it oh you made oh yeah yeah we
the guy who keeps asking me about the
thief and missions I've played some of
them but I mean it's been so long I
couldn't remember the names but I know
there are a lot of good thief ambitions
all of its like there's like hundreds
I'm pretty sure people still make
missions for those games this is fun
music - oh yeah the music's cute oh I
need to have a hard time with my wife
again I mean you guys just give her
presents again this time no I think I
want to talk to her for real Z and be
like honey
it's time to have a you have to have a
real moment yeah you know it's got to
get with your octopus husband get real
yo what I'm down with the kids and the
lingo I'm a hip person guys I'm not true
but that's fat you know you know with pH
pretty hot and tempted dealio whoa okay
excuse me bucket oh god boots on
okay if any of the our Olympians still
watch cartoons how do you mean by
cartoons exactly yeah I like Pixar
movies I didn't see most of the recent
ones cuz they look lame but I would
probably stop to watch alone II yeah I
know
both rich and I really enjoy the new
Ninja Turtles that are out oh yeah
because we into Turtles fucking great
the second season though well they
started doing you know Monster of the
Week for the kids yeah wait wait it's
just like news is everywhere now there's
monsters oh oh no I'm an octopus again
you don't fuck down yeah yeah I'll tell
your family the bad news that is
depressing can you imagine a weird large
man coming up to you and say I'm sorry
lady your husband's an octopus and I
kill them like and I threw him in a tank
oh my god Oh class bad guys the carpet
you know him probably take me a shower
oh so there's no way around him okay oh
it's weirder it's beer it's weirder now
that we don't have the suit up I'll tell
you yeah yeah I feel strange about this
this is this is dr. dad origins
come on let go
fucking octopus oh so you're sliding
around yeah yeah hey where'd my coffee
go let's first cartoon though for
cartoons go I think The Venture Brothers
is my very favorite show currently on TV
I've never seen an episode of it but
that show was amazing
yeah oh fuck it out well we've come a
long way from the Calico conversation
about pirates boom deck still on TV but
it takes them so fucking long to make a
seasons they go like two years other
seasons you'll see the site every day
okay now wait I need my one number one
Denmark
oh you're in IHS I see I see
yeah they just sort of slowly calls that
so he's gonna bad just like running like
up top you can actually fucking around
okay
yeah whatever works except I don't think
this work cuz uh oh I was probably
supposed to go okay I'll just get caught
again
all right we got this fine everything's
fine
oh I get it yeah there's this plank up
here
hey why's that oh my god Oh
oh yeah I love Alfred Hitchcock um
probably psycho I don't think it's a
best movie but it's my personal favorite
I don't really like frenzy which is a
later what it is though not a lot of
people seem to talk about but there's
something there's some really great
sequences in that movie I haven't seen
many of seeing that I've seen psycho and
I've seen the birds yeah yeah that's it
yeah I should see more I'm not I haven't
avoided Jeff I rewatched vertigo
recently and man that is a gorgeous
movie
so one of those ones that's like
consistently in the running for best
movie of all time for goers it is right
now because Citizen Kane was the best
movie of all time for the longest time
we can't remember the publication or
whatever that does the pulling for that
but a couple years ago vertigo overtook
Citizen Kane which I don't know if I
agree with I mean whatever they're both
great movies but look I like Citizen
Kane working Jack I know you love if you
ever seen vertigo Jack I don't know if I
have seen as good as lock with my
tentacle no oh fuck you bananas a Cuban
campus
I don't remember specifically how you
get by here jack I'm sure I have to find
a co you know what there was a guy
standing over here I bet it there's a
key on
right now a good thing I would have some
football by the way - no the answer's no
I'm over here
whoa whoa whoa Citizen Kane I'm fine
with I get it I understand Citizen Kane
that I just you know it's just so you
probably think vertigo was boring too
though if you think Citizen Kane is
maybe he's you know in solder movies
they're placed differently they really
are they really are some religious nut
was shitting on me because I called
predator slow and they thought I was
making fun of brother and they thought I
was being mean about pretty love how can
love printers ain't like because it has
a slow build-up to the reveal of good
yeah predator and all that trick I mean
listen I sometimes people just
understand me if I describe a movies
boring sometimes I don't mean that as a
bad thing right right I like slow-moving
movies boring time slow can work yeah I
I still say that predator was the lesser
of the 1980s sci-fi action / horror
genre - what aliens converging aliens
heard - Terminator Robocop fucking
bananas Total Recall all those science
fiction action once a slicer essays on
power
I'm not saying terrible just just so now
it thinks here no you think you're a guy
we both well I'm I don't know if I need
this number one dad mug but I'm I'm
gonna keep it with me well zero they
don't think I want octopus they just
think I'm clumsy as fuck okay I gotta
get to the control room now on the wall
Bob mind me what we've come a long way
from
nope oh no daddy's my number-one dad
Barnes fine please fucking hell late so
I can swap I lost it in the hall I lost
my number one down my own piss down
Ilyana is from the seventies rich go
back to you describe your job right yeah
overly literal here know you've been
sailing we said alien so aliens is
eighty eighties no I mean willing to
expand that to 1978
yeah sure bet that era that's two years
out of the eighties go fuck yourself
that day
top of the deck okay thanks one place
the anchor
like oh shit shit what what do you
dismantling this thing what does it
apparently get back on there J what are
your thoughts a high anxiety oh the
number yeah yeah I I haven't seen it in
a long time but I don't remember
thinking it was very good it was totally
- it was Hitchcock yeah actually the
last time I saw it I probably wasn't
very familiar with Hitchcock I probably
saw in high school so I'd have to
rewatch it now eh I think I broke the
game what are you doing what are you
doing it why are you doing bad I have
this thing and I think that's to crank
up the uh I have to hoist the anchor but
it fell off the thing was her can you
just grab the anchor and pull it up look
all that trenches grabbing the chain
will let you do that
oh yeah now try and pull it up oh wait
can also grab that harpoon thing oh
there you go
you almost got it there you go cuz
that's a thing you can just pick up an
anchor
all right get to the control room excuse
me I'm just a worker here excuse me
pardon me just working my way here who's
Mel Oh Oh the chef oh that's that guy
it's the story element yeah box strong
octopus you know yeah all muscle muscle
one thing I know about octopuses octopi
I can like the pea
if it's one thing I know about octo-pete
there's the chef it's on that yeah oh
yeah he's there listen Bridge we've been
there for like two minutes looking at
the street doo-doo-doo-doo-doo unbind me
just to get in there like this bed by
the way
oh wait that's a marine biologist or
whatever is in there and he shouldn't go
in there
but you have to go with it right oh my
god oh you're doing what I do it's all I
need to get into the cabin but there's a
dude blocking the path as as their
entrance on the other side of the cabin
I was sure I don't know you could you
you saw your squid tentacle went through
the door
yeah but I might be a door the other
side I'm not sure what I think I'm
supposed to guess oh my god smack that
guy again
I hope you did no opinion on the Silent
Hill series because I really just
typically don't play Horrors
huh don't go on the outside of the ship
is that what you learned in sailor
school yep come on rich why are you a
living joke are you fucking asshole I
think both of those are good questions
are you trying to make your a bond I'm
an octopus hey check how you're trying
to get over that yeah I think that's the
room you gotta go in no not this one no
this the wand over here you can't grab
it
oh wait why did you get rid of it I
think you need it
Chinese that sudden-like hoist yourself
up oh wait
sort of this is English
look at what happens if I just move my
arm up girl what the hell I kind of flow
that's creepy yeah
so I think I'm gonna glitch I think
that's how you do move your feet
these guys also sing I have no idea how
to do this use the the orc don't think
he that's it's you've got to be able to
pick it up for a reason
No
I don't think that's true
yeah I think you have to go in on that
other side okay cuz he saw your little
tentacle go through the door so you're
able to squeeze it through the door and
open the handle Oh can't go back down
down is easy I can do down
me okay okay okay okay okay okay
the other thing is I really need to go
to the bathroom not the octopus me in
real life and so this has no off the
bowl this game has now some barreling go
get the captain okay I come in the
window just stick your tentacle through
the door and open the knob I can you can
hold on well now I can't cuz I can't get
in the fucking step get there okay I
just just watching this happen look at
what is the what is the look at the
objective saying and just calm company
captain so I'm assuming you need to find
a new suit bar captain hat or some such
okay see that would be the no just
killing you
that just kills me like make messes you
need to find like a hat a captain hat
Jack I gave you bad advice shave fucked
up excuse me did you try going in that
door right hold in the box I think I
need him to say you get the captain
first and then I go in there now it just
says get to the controller right like
thank you like is there another door you
can go in yes I think I think I found
the other door need to go I need to go
to the bathroom is risen y'all ready to
take over while you go to the fab no I
want a complete oh here we go now he
said no I got it
oh yeah okay so yeah that's all off the
boat oh how we go back over here excuse
me Oh
our mute this is just pay we got are
your room it looks like a nice for hey
look if there's Hamptons outfit that
wins it's the suit it's the suit it's
the captain sipping and he immediately
comes in this is what started it all
apparently okay yeah now the door is
open all right okay
okay so now I feel comfortable going to
the bathroom okay here okay I'm gonna
take over while Jack jails are the bat
oh my god all these fucking boxes I know
I know don't they realize that even if
they don't realize you're an octopus do
you also think you look like the captain
is this just the weirdest coincidence
ever that would be a pretty big
coincidence that the captain just
happened to look like an octopus or
maybe the captain is an other octopus
that's pretending to be a you miss oh my
god oh don't fall off the boat I'm not
going to oh there's our tricky though oh
my god stairs are tricky
oh my god
Oh God Jack's gonna come back from the
bathroom and I haven't even gotten up
the stairs
holy Lord come on no seriously oh my god
you got it yeah okay okay
no there no doing it wrong you hitting
the railing go I know I know what I'm
supposed to do are you okay okay
Oh what oh oh damn it there we go
oh goodness start the boat captain hurry
shove everything off that I can do I
don't think you can do it no I asked him
for seconds and he threw a pineapple at
me
well I asked him for pineapples then he
kicked me in the stomach okay that way
oh no I'm stuck under the map oh there
we go oh you know scarred the boat
there we go
and we start the engine I was probably a
lever one of those - - I'm suing cruise
control and was oh you just something
briefly I'm guessing I gotta switch
hopeful oh my god
oh no oh no you started Flair its
optimum
that's Octomom she's on the ship do I
have to go find her room who is that
woman is she that's your objective all
right so this is a love story
no where was she at she's right in the
front onto the show oh no everything's
everything's okay this fucking boxes in
my way though
my head is stuck on the railing because
of this box there we go
I didn't see that did you guys see the
horrible King Kong remake with Jack
Black
I have not you know how do we know it's
worse there's a decent movie buried in
it somewhere
it's like like current Peter Jackson
it's just way too goddamn long how do I
get up to that lady
I don't know fight way fight way meet
lady
do it I get up the stairs quicker this
time oh god Jack you missed it well
maybe I didn't they spend most the time
you're in the bath muscles I'm here in
the bathroom house trying to get up the
stairs oh that's great yeah
getting up these stairs legitimately no
no no yeah I want to say that was the
the final stage of the prototype version
of this game climbing stairs yeah it's
tough
walk through that door no walk there one
of the other doors the other side I
don't I don't know you don't know I
don't know I guess been a while oh okay
like I think I played this when it came
out wish now you can't climb those
things try it
what's sorry I'm sure now I'm here again
go in that room I went in that room and
could you open any of the doors you're
on the bathroom the door was closed
before Oh what's in here do I need
anything
yes you definitely did that can yep now
we have to look through lockers for
Queens before ski oh the banana peels
are everywhere what's in that door yeah
is that door open or I'll frame out if I
ever stop tripping up in an appeals oh
okay no not that one okay those are it
back in the captain's left sugar get
back in there he's got to find a way to
the front of the ship yeah that's where
the lady is oh go back to the cabin
where back to the back to the piloting
area that's where I was there whoa
and what's up the other door with a
piloting here they go easy peasy no this
is I know this this is there's no way to
get across up here yes I'm looking again
I know we missed something obvious go
back up to the piloting area
maybe up stacked crates could you
imagine and then what's out the other
door of the pile in here could you get
up to the front and through that way
that's the real question
stairs where oh oh yeah all that time
and I could've just gone through here
you a piloting area what does he would
you call it thick the birthday boy the
captain does anyone wanna take over cuz
I hate this Jack you wanna go out or
should I take over okay
I've grown to hate this I'll smash the
crates somehow all I think I remember
how to do this I think you have to fuck
around way to go okay with the ship
controls you have to smash those boxes
Cantus climb on okay I don't think so no
I can do this I think you gotta like
turn up hard to port and then a thing
swings around oh sure like I'd let us
figure it out on our own but we got to
keep the stream moving yeah it's moving
Louie I hate this people recording that
now I'm corrupted oh that looks like
something I can get
crane override here's me yeah the wheel
yeah yeah fuckin did it an accident
no I did that on purpose let me take
that flare out of here just just to be
safe there we go
I saved the day yeah beer use me excuse
me oh my god I got this this game is a
funny gimmick that shouldn't be a
complete game ball to be fair it's my
opinion it's really short though it's
supposed to be that's it that's actually
what it's supposed to wait where's this
even the night I think it's too long but
I'm sorry really well now we're both in
trouble who are you then in blur aphasia
you wait so does she no he's not
oh my god
I talked to the chef
before it about you captain dance the
captain's jig to a chick I supposed to
do Oh God
but can you tie a sheepshank knot and
I'll tie a sheepshank knot I don't see
the time not yep I got my lord oh my god
there's no way he found me out what does
she check that could I yeah I know I'm
not sure make sure this is pretty sure
not though right
oh hey my guess sure
okay alright oh we're gonna hit him with
an oar hey whatever you think we'll do
it
no him no that's not where you could all
kick your ass then you won't get me in
the future right everybody I've told you
I can't do this get out I'm gonna kick
your ass
I was hitting him with her or I can move
giant boxes look you're strong enough to
lift an anchor out of water but you're
not strong enough to knock out a chef at
all that's that's just the reality of
the situation video game logic and
that's fine okay I got this
Oh
yeah
so now he's dead right no oh he's gonna
come home later we already know that
this is a flashback but he fell in the
ocean during a storm no that was a close
one
I hope that man is okay all right all
right so what about you mystery man this
is funny and she married this man would
you care for a dance
oh I get to dance with her
probably probably why is the ship's
swimming away from the boat just get
back on the boat and you know tell
everyone that there's an octopus and a
captain's baby's going to look for a
better boat yeah you're probably right
he's like the that boat sucks they
knocked me off of it I'm gonna find a
different boat I wanted to dance -
stupid Judith er you guys we did it we
did it oh oh yeah it's not go that was a
flashback I forgot that was a fun guy

[Part III]
and now this is where they thought they
needed variety so the controls are
completely different and largely this is
on the rails you just have to figure out
the timing of swimming oh shit yeah oh
shit all right I got this so you know
you need to get big yeah big swimming
strokes
this isn't nco now this is podracing
change that just ruined my guide that is
a quote from Citizen Kane pick race pods
you know I don't remember first part of
the movie when I was a little kid Oh
Rose buck was his pod racer was this pod
racer yeah I remember now that's all he
wanted a lot okay okay Bree Bree Bree
Bree I sure over to press the button
again right away that's the hardest part
I just kind of want to watch him swim
for a little bit
this is the most intense music I've ever
heard well bacon octopus this is that's
a real thing I can say oh my god there's
an angler oh my god that's a giant
fucking angler fish is what that is
can I just enjoy this now let's just
largely on the rails so no there's no
there's no free roam swimming
unfortunately I wouldn't just let go I
just like that swam yeah I know I know
they kind of need they don't that would
be like a video game though so we don't
want to do that
Jack this is a gimmick and I know this
whole thing is a gimmick you should
crush I know you re sure okay about that
varied witty witty you come back I'm
pretty clever oh my god the Sharks back
fuck
people keep cooking there's always a
bigger fish it's kind of appropriate for
this scenario
oh these people are trying
I'm sure that shark is gone for good
Richards that portion where I'm sure
we're never gonna see him again
I don't know maybe it is but no oh okay
oh they go kids
Oh have you seen your father it's almost
closing - it's almost closed it's
closing time I'm in a weird another
mystery who's that one last call for
alcohol yes order your whiskey or beer
channel tell us a Third Eye Blind
we met doesn't sound right I've seen
these possible - right but it doesn't
sound he's gone mad haha man am i Sonic
that's that is sonic which I would have
never guessed because I don't recognize
that name they had the one song that was
their song you might have guessed that
in a billion years semi Sonic I don't
think I know never I know I meant
billions of years wish something at some
point I just start saying random words
oh sure okay yeah
in that case maybe Oh get off me
pot ooh better now where that custom
at a costume no huh I want it he grabbed
it
okay it's not gonna let you wear it okay
get to the cafeteria okay things made
complicated Jack's going this whole way
you know that's that's a great way of
hurting you around
just letting you grab the door you know
what there's no one here right now
okay come on shit oh fuck this place
fucking locked me up fucking ass okay
I'm gonna just take a little second here
and destroy everything I can get out
here yeah yeah who did the mess the
octopus did it oh good scene they may
have reconsidered this I kind of
remember the Bing people around did you
just say Rican jigger yes I still break
a jigger you can fucking deal with that
fact beacon jiggered I want to grab this
shelf what caused the biggest mess that
I can Jack hates Roos okay yeah get out
of your room okay Jack Jack why so I'll
get the rabbit because you've never seen
the room true fucks up a room in that
movie uh I don't give a shit about the
room was the room that he fucks up I
don't know what is the room oh I don't
know we'll never know oh you never know
what the room is no oh I mean there's
the most of the movie takes place in his
apartment but there's multiple rooms
so which one is the room we may never
know oh my god you guys I'm gonna guess
it's his bedroom because the whole
movies about like infidelity and people
sleeping with each other okay so I'm
gonna eat ass back up there oh man if
that's the room yeah yeah that's the
room then he does fuck up the room
although Lisa and mark they have sex on
the stairs they don't have sex in that
room so I don't know I have sex both of
the places
no the only do they I thought it was
just a Mystere you guys boiler I think
they do like maybe I'm wrong no no the
babies just implied I guess that's a
long I could interrupt it yeah they only
have that one sex scene though yeah okay
okay okay well ideally yes you do want
to get out of there well yeah I'm
looking for the key I think I've spent
too much time messing up tomorrow okay
it's fine icky icky maybe by the counter
yeah oh wait I see it that's it that's
an anglerfish fuck you
angler fish you look like a key oh my
god find a key where the fuck is a key
or where would a key be you looked
everywhere back here oh I tried to come
on fucking octopus I tried to smash this
open there's a fly in this room they're
driving me nuts
- he should be in here that's what I
would assume but it doesn't look like
I'm doing it wait I think I see a nicer
fish no where near the anglerfish it's a
say it's a glowing thing that doesn't
look like an angler fish move that table
get out of here take oh fuck is a key -
I know it maybe maybe you threw it there
at some point that could be get out of
here you fucking table oh my god I got
this happy no have you ever played the
rule game is is there a room oh yeah
there's a room game it's done in the
style of like an old older video game
okay okay you've never seen that I don't
think I have oh yeah oh I see
the excuse me alright sure I that just
that just can't there's nothing I can do
- welled up from within me okay they can
garbage the game area oh now these
people still see me they either change
things or this is entirely different
from the way I remember this find
biologists accessories maybe I just
found my own solution the first time I
seem to remember sneaking by them by
putting one of the dumpsters on top of
me
uh oh oh didn't go where that I I
remember that's what I did maybe they
just we considered I'm gonna say Rica
jiggered and maybe they just
reconsidered the game and this is a new
solution to this I don't think I can get
this on top of it okay well they might
have changed the game around could I get
in here I wonder I don't know I think
you need to find glasses and pants your
glasses and pants I am that doesn't make
any sense on my face on my face on my
face on my face
on my face okay okay okay
up and around
I just needed that space the most weird
way possible I just needed that space
range oh fuck you
I see what I have to do don't like it
yeah okay okay okay wait now you're
trying to get up there that way you can
fuck you completely forgot about the
letter well I figured this might be
easier cuz I had difficulties at the
ladder oh fuck I gotta go up the ladder
now fucking fuck it's like it's like
this leg is like slowly slowly slow and
steady wins the race Europe race
I suppose that's technically yes I am
you know I'm just thinking back then
when we first started playing this game
recovering what it was yeah we're an
innocent fun time that was yeah okay is
devolved into hatred hey yeah I don't
have to sneak into the ladies room
what is this I don't know what I want to
see what this is bubble things out of
way it's supposed to wear that like hair
oh I get it okay
what's worse dance of birth or American
flesh laters American flatulence
eventually the bikes bar dance of birth
was great there's at least
yeah there's at least interesting
elements the dance of birth American
flagellation clogging the toilet one day
incidentally I don't remember if it's
one of these toilets or in one of the
past levels but there is a toilet you
can flush yourself down in this game oh
my god
which toilet is clogged ask me down clog
a toilet did they yeah I mean I don't
think I have to but yeah as long as I'm
here I wanna be oh my god oh no the game
well yeah I want to be helpful this toy
looks like it might be clogged you have
to unclog toilets now well I want to be
helpful
how are you just doing this to fuck
around like you don't have to know
there's a tight there's this bro there's
a time there it's a pipe
yeah I don't think I had to do that no
they did ask me to okay like they asked
me to unclog a toilet that's probably
just for the tie I got that telev a
burnout shit I love your disapproving oh
gods whatever Jax plating rich yes I
know you are
oh he's American Fletch leaders the
worst thing we watched on the wheel on
the wheel cuz that you gotta judge it
differently than you Joe
I can't figure half the shit we watched
possibly I think it might be the donut
video was short yeah that'd be it was
great because it was like six minutes
long yeah American flight cheerleaders
might be the most miserable I've been
watching something on the wheel are you
sure well some forgetting something it
looked terrible yeah oh yeah you only
saw some clips from the clips I saw only
in the episode but yeah we don't we sent
three you know an hour's worth of that
now any longer it felt longer
I will tree stand safety someone
mentioned was I don't think that was as
bad flood Slater's was worse yeah I
think so
stop both both miserable both miserable
hey guys I'm gonna wear a banana you do
something can you stick the toaster in
the microwave just to be sure you
punched it can wait and that funny is so
that's what you did you stick the
toaster in there like I don't rubber I
don't remember
I burned a banana I just want to see if
you can I mean it because I don't I
don't remember yes the airplane video is
better than American leaders everything
is better than American flatulate errs
the worst so far leave I guess I should
be in the break room jack okay they're
gonna come in oh they're right behind
there yeah I get it okay how did I need
to sound the alarm
destruction dah of course dah dah I can
make out of a fucking octopus get in
there get in the fucking fuck oh oh well
oh-oh-oh fucking fuck fuck everything
about this game can you can you slide
under it I know you can go low - that's
right that's right nope nope
hence duping are you trapped under there
you go oh this is this is fuck time to
head home oh I get it yeah yeah like
always I get it he cried oh can you move
the
yeah I can okay reach from behind there
to get the costume if possible if
they've changed this level wrong from my
summer cloud okay so I actually don't
know the solution okay okay okay okay
okay okay up up the stairs fucking it
well sharks at the head is on backwards
Calif I'm wet
what are you doing do I have to come
down there and show you how it's done
Jesus take the second gets to
frustrating doesn't it it's it is
mentally here yeah it is mentally
exhausting keeping track of how to move
your arms and legs oh yeah I mean it's a
great game it's if it was those first
two levels that was a first three
already the the church scene at the
wedding with the wedding the the the
yeah the beam at home and then going to
the grocery store and then maybe like
one wrap-up level I'm like that's all I
need to get out of this yeah cuz I get
the gimmick yeah yeah you probably would
have liked the original demo then ouch
all that yeah yeah it's the the your
game on the count of three section
seemed unbearable yeah that was the word
that looks worse than what you're on
right now
yeah absolutely that part was
frustrating oh I don't know what does
everyone think of chess to the sequel it
happened again
it's feeding frenzy available for free
online or do I gotta get the DVD it is
on EVD or you can download it it's a
digital download it's not for free
online no but it is a digital download
yes but then you don't get any of the
bonus features
right right right just then we'll be
waiting the bonus features on the
feeding frenzy DVD oh the feeding frenzy
DVDs how these are attractive it's got a
behind-the-scenes thirty minutes or so
documentary you know makes deleted
material nice Freddy Williams from DC
Comics explained wait check there there
really is such a thing as chest to chest
checkers to this time it's personal
that's funny
that is funny well Oh Murdock what's
your question that's odd Joe I don't
know what your question is Ches - is for
real and it's ancien that's really funny
it's probably silly it's probably a Joe
gage sure they said it's like $25 oh
let's do chest - electric Boogaloo chest
was a major release they really didn't
want to rush the sequel right yeah they
had to do it right
they've been thinking about the seagull
for a while I know they announced it a
long time ago break you stupid pane of
glass you turned it for a basketball and
yeah - break a glass you can't you can't
break glass with a basketball physics
puzzle fuck you Oh Jack the question was
do you guys actually destroy the VHS
tapes you hate or are they decoys now we
actually just store them oh yeah
actually destroy them more cathartic I
wanted to start new boys we leave
auctions of the destroyed tapes off
might occasion there's evidence floating
around out there like you I want to say
on on a recent one you guys all thought
that her killing American style was bad
bad right but you didn't want to destroy
currently I can just go right into it
yeah oh I think like if if we don't want
the tape destroyed we say you so on the
show yeah but we would never say we're
gonna destroy this and then cut to us
destroying a deal right not do that we
destroy the actual thing we have yes
keep in mind we have to make a digital
version for the episodes oh yeah yeah we
always have a backup copy
spoiler I guess I don't know if that's
breaking it but that's where you get the
footage when is the next eBay auction
I don't know what's the answer
Oh probably I'm just space cop some time
we really talked about it much
Queen Amidala did have a decoy you're
right
her decoy was Keira Knightley is that
true yeah all right
there you go and that's I made that joke
in the fan of Minister booth when I was
supposed to describe Queen Amidala that
she looks a lot like Keira Knightley and
that was the joke because Keira
Knightley played her double-o and
haven't there's tons of comments that
were like actually it's funny that you
say that because Keira Knightley played
it it's like no this this is the end of
the game
oh yeah yeah at the end again oh no is
he telling you is he telling your family
that you're not he was an octopus does
it make any sense
oh wait is he gonna explain yeah yeah I
would even walk on that we're gonna go
quiet here as we just watch the other
game well there's still a boss
you have them because mesmerized
bewitched okay oh no explosion
I don't confirm for Jace's girl you
fucked an octopus yeah I think that was
the that explained so much Joe except
for the banana peels I love you or worse
I love that there's banana peels in this
game of course it's random yeah I guess
I used to be like perfect timing this is
the biggest twist since episode three
Palpatine is the Emperor we do you guys
accept a DVD copy of a tape for we love
the worst or do you want original tapes
only that's a good question
if someone burnt a DVD yeah I think we
would want the original because that's
part of the appeal I've seen the case
yeah which I don't know if we've had a
DVD on the wheel I think we have unless
the movie is fucking awesome well there
talk about the wheel that uh oh yeah not
just a movie there talk about the wheel
has there ever been in the video
I don't know if they're hands I know we
have a couple that are definitely
definitely eligible for it so yeah I
think we would want the original if I
mean cuz it's just a perfect copy would
like a scribble on it like we can't do
any Clayton yeah nothing to you know it
part of it is you see that cover and
that you say that's what I wanted to
land up yeah so I'm just a burnt copy
no no so here's what you need to do you
need to find a VHS recorder get take
your burnt copy put it on your computer
and then copy it to a different VHS tape
and then remake the art it'll be out
print out the case print out a case and
art of the VHS tape and send that to us
yes
oh shit DVDs are for suckers it's true
that's not gonna go anywhere if you guys
have a video disc player or what's a
video disc oh it's another format yeah
yeah it was
how did video disc work I want to say I
think it was right around the same time
as laziness listen if you send us a
video disc we will look into how to get
a video display yeah because we do have
theta you know we have a couple beta
tapes oh yeah yeah well whose video do
you have a couple beta tapes and I know
Josh has a laser
yeah absolutely you even though it's
almost over
you missed some of the most adorable
game okay that was back well couldn't
like the stairs that was mowed in my
when I've got disillusioned towards the
game I think this is adorable and fun
and then I got so frustrated or stuff
this curious real quick oh there is what
are you supposed to do here plug up the
fish tanks so in the beginning
doing horrible things yeah okay the
prelude is he's at it's his wedding day
and so he has to lie flat on the church
to find like his tie and his tux and
everything and he's knocking everything
over and then it goes to domestic life
he's in his house and he has to get like
milk for his kids yeah the idea is that
everybody thinks he's a person nobody
knows he's in us to us yeah even though
he's dude that's the chair boy yeah
that's the joke he's flailing around and
knocking things over and people don't
get it absolutely and this is this I
think this is the end end Oh
are you doing it if you would like to
put you up Jesse needs to play co-op
work you need to play to understand the
mystery of Octodad people who are
assigned randomly to control that you
probably have to work together and the
controls for the limbs are incredibly
frustrating yeah if you win the games
okay Oh
wait yeah and she's gonna accept him
he's like so she knows now look that's
the dramatic ending you know what this
was kind of no no only because like now
everyone is supposed to come to church
okay home his kids are active that's
what he's asking right now no did they
explain that they just what she just
accepted from the beginning for who he
is
what she thought he was a dude
I wonder your oh you could flip around
or anything ending with the Chris I
thought he was a dude was very talented
in that yes I mean they might have heard
you sure it's a sensitive microphone
here with the credits of the game or
trash yeah if I were her I would
probably know
I can't say that you know I mean I may
be tricked a little bit sure beginning
absolutely come on Uncle Mike why is he
turning invisible qualities so you can
see there's apparently a way to turn
that off yeah no I guess it could get
confusing and where his limbs are ya
know the throughout the game oh my god
can you get only holds like 20 people's
one of the smaller house the share yeah
that's like one of the one of the side
theaters at the Oriental oh yeah except
for fuck those guys those were head up
really yeah like do they take away no
they didn't because that mean theater
has like the yeah how can he the site
balconies and stuff
there's also redness kind of see
original theater they might have and at
the site leaders but they didn't take
anything away from there to being a
neverending story
oh the the statue thing the glowing eye
is the head glowing eyes the big boob
statues yeah but later yeah absolutely
in calculate dr. Mario spent like like
six weeks of Dreams likely he never play
doctor mind we keep telling you know I
know you you ask us every week when we
can play doctor Mario with you and every
we could tell you know I wish you would
get them
can i what do we need for dr. mario and
does them is that what that was a
regular regular Tendo or it's on that we
you you can you can buy an emulated
tonight or we can emulate it to know
your gut so much and we're doing other
things that we're playing these you
would have to download it
yeah okay what's some other some of I
mean no mate how about how about maybe
yeah
it's inherited because it does here mate
legs and r2 are down the pant leg water
down each sleeve and then to wear the
mustache oh yeah this doesn't look like
a mustache there it's actually is
tending why doesn't he have two in each
arm America there's two down each leg I
have a mustache yeah two to four life to
the other leg so that's perfect last
only one for each other yeah how's that
for a true free turn but then they
wanted to get my comical little mustache
so I kept disguise themselves yeah yeah
it makes them blend in more like a
toupee honours keep falling off I think
the first thing that happens that's pay
just falls off oh no I mean you're here
you should play well that's the point
oh oh that's the only reason you want me
to play so that's the reason they're
pretty sure what's happening specials
damn flailing around and knocking things
over as part of the fun okay we're gonna
start a new game oh that's that's the
name that I think the level were just
done okay that's the end we're gonna
play a new game
yeah and this is gonna play no no we're
in here just put put him with you here
Jesse just do anything to the middle
Terry today here are the headphones you
get anymore oh yeah that's nice you
chain you don't notice
I I wouldn't notice if she didn't point
it out put it out and I didn't notice
the difference there you go there you go
we're just gonna let Jessie play for a
second so she understands the controls
and then we will play co-op absolutely
let's see now that you're here they're
saying get a camera I get a webcam no
you'll never have a camera will never
have a camera oh maybe maybe yeah maybe
some Jessie Mike co-op yes Emma before
me that would be funny
oh no once we breathe in
it's just guys everybody say hi to
Jessie she's reading the comments she's
not playing the game my friends Angry
Video Game Nerd movie oh Jesus what is
that
no people are expecting us to talk about
that at some point number what is it
it's a movie by the Angry Video Game
Nerd that sounds like my video game nerd
Mike let's say they love your hair
you can't see you but they nobody is
seen it they like it your ear
pre-established hair okay I'm sorry that
I picked American flecha laters they
made me because I like to sunder pants
it wasn't actually my choice oh right I
did it for my paycheck I'm just kidding
I don't get paid it may be hard to
believe from the episode but that was a
stage bit it was it was a bit and so
sorry sorry for trying to do something
see here's your ears your bride-to-be
she's waiting at the altar for you thank
you octo J for putting that in
subscriber mode only that was getting a
little crazy what all the comments yeah
all the comments so now only people with
pizza rolls can comment the people who
subscribe okay so this is me I can't
control that really doesn't look like a
mustache you gotta get to know your
controls this is tricky
the bottom of the screen that's your
objective what he has to do now you can
do this Oh get the fuck off of there
come here there you go moves like Oh God
really
there's a lot to grab on yeah ticker
happen oh this is this boy made by the
same company that makes over
kadambari hey there's there's a key key
you got the keys and I need the unlock
of the cabinet under the pillow it's a
minion now she grabbed it in the pillow
so I turn around oh my lord
Pallas my wave and marijuana lung thank
you for subscribing
may the Gees be with you Wow where'd the
fuck to my god
I was trying to go to the door behind me
this is just the tutorial oh my don't
what you wanted with ya know I'm
swearing there you got one now you gotta
get the top there's the other stick goes
up and down
what stick moves your urn like a row
think someone does up and down that's
that's what makes this game so
frustrating open the cabinet I should
know how to do this oh no that's glowing
green say you want to touch it
nice no no no fuck your bathroom one
lifts up the right leg the other one
lifts up the left leg yeah so you move
each leg individually hey let that go
Oh Brian J thanks for subscribing the
G's is forever with you get off
yes John kilo 3 Mike is the one typing
in the chat right now what are you
taping in the channel oh just I asked
what based Len
even though I think discuss that last
time yeah it means best or good I
believe also you could just talk to them
if you wanted to not type
I mean just don't you fear with the game
no worries yeah I don't think you're
gonna interfere as much a missed primal
just subscribed you've been with us for
a while in this primal may the Jesus be
with you
what are you saying see we have these
emoticons and I made that you know the
Jesus head from SOS okay and so that's
what I've been saying tonight when
people subscribe oh my lord oh my god
Oh what do I do now oh go out the door
okay get off loan ranch on and drock's
everybody's subscribing now because
we're in subscriber only mother Liz six
is zero zero five the Jesus is all
around Jimmy jam Jimmy Jesus Jesus may
the Jimmy Jesus be with your jams get
off of me chair he's gonna trash his own
reception hall yeah that's all you do in
this game is does knock everything over
so Jessie how do you feel about this
game so far it's very cute of your
interest sir what the fuck is it oh
hello octopus man on top your cake
nothing no one noticed that yeah right
the maybe the person making the cake
let's just fuck up this cake oh my god
don't fuck up the cake that's your cake
you know where she was so sure this is
my wedding
yeah Johnny Bukowski and groom bah thank
you for subscribing the Jesus in the
jams forever in your gyms alright
now what happens no I'm supposed to be
doing Katamari oh I apologize I mean
this is one when you're not trying to
accomplish anything
hey nice try kiddo and all meats pizza
thank you for subscribing may your jams
be Jim forever and Jesus do you like
these days ie everybody is like when I
try to dance
taking my inspiration from this is why
you've been banned from all weddings
because you get too many ladies with
this sweet dance moves
Oh who's that guy is he having a seizure
you get all the hot nurses coming get in
the cake and then jump out come on oh my
lord agent sterling Archer thank you for
subscribing I understand that that's
Baker before the show Archer oh I've
never seen that show as well as he meant
or adventure Brothers they hear they're
good
oh shit both are good dte do one also
thank you for subscribing
Jesus jams already gemmed octo J has
started a subscribing hype since he
turned it since he put in subscriber
Romanoff
jab so thank you I co J this is it is it
just because Jesse and Mike are here
pretty much yeah come on yes the world
news Jay that's true we do this all the
time we're always like the side dishes
you're like the salad yeah does it that
might be the most adorable your tux yeah
yeah you do have a goal sit here
find and wear your tux and dance okay
this is not getting old
okay no then then do what you do all
right do what you do
oh man will h20 thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
may your G's forever be jammed in Jim oh
that sounded dirty I like that one
better I'm still dancing yeah yeah yeah
also nine Reed's one thank you for
subscribing
may your jammed forever be Jim did G's I
like the other one better
alright I guess I'll go do you others
yeah they're saying sorry
Oh Brian CJ just said I wandered away
for a drink came back still dancing
birthday boy says Jessie put your way
down oh oh you turned off the party you
have to find and wear your tux oh yeah
fuck up that place every time no where
is it then Jack tell me I think don't I
didn't do as well
come on you were here you want to just
know where it is you don't want to try
and find out yourself I danced for like
an hour
hey callous Emmy thank you for sissy the
juicy MJ left side of the dance floor
there was a door may want to investigate
that more I wish you would sue me when I
was over there
you didn't ask when you're over there
yes sure
just falls to the ground
hey get out of your chair it's like
Mario okay absolutely
oh I guess I have to walk attempt to
walk and I never got the hang of the
walking part get in there good
well that's a good question but what has
been everyone's favorite video off of
the wheel of the worst I mean for me
it's SOS but I've only been on two
episodes there's different categories of
favorite yeah yeah like genuinely most
enjoyable most entertaining because yeah
most entertaining me bad I don't know
yeah during the after you play it's a
big part of it is yeah how much fun we
have watch just thinking about the Santa
Claus movie the movie itself isn't great
yeah well that's not a fun feeling the
Aster dollars dance yeah I found in my
stuff you did we did not laugh a lot
during like the dance at first no give
me four shit yeah yeah oh my god this is
making me nauseous
okay if you're wondering why you got
better it's because I give the
controller to chat you know yeah hold on
guys I'm putting my weight on I'm
twerking oh my god what'd you get
arthritis

[Part IV]
all right let's try co-op let's get out
of it oh no you know this Jam yeah co-op
on plug-in yeah oh wait I'll turn it off
for a second
co-op off we're gonna plug in our next
our second controller here you might
have to unplug something what do you
want to put um one of the black USB
cords is either the keyboard of the
mouse so unplug wanna unplug the
keyboard we don't need that keyboard to
this one I want to say alright you know
I'm not Christmas vacation vacation - Oh
is there through so long now hey that
wasn't a movie anyway
hey modest gloaty eyes thank you for
subscribing oh no am i doing this I mean
a and n tan one thank you for
subscribing Jim's all jammed in your
jinyu joobs I don't know it's I mean a
little bit does that help oh here we go
game pad one okay so Jay you will have
the right arm and right leg okay and I
will have the left arm and left it like
okay this is gonna be a disaster
okay I color-coded oh okay
where are we trying what are we trying
to do oh we have to get out that door
hey well you did use you got bored hold
on who's holding on to something we're
gonna cut anything the octopus we're
gonna cool yeah do you want to I think
that's kind of the point
oh my god we're doing pretty good here
oh my god oh my god you guys have some
experience
together you doing it faster than Jamie
was doing it alone that's true okay
let's go alright Jack assume you're the
red arms uh no I'm not oh my god why is
the red I'm doing better look like they
were they were kind of pulling the body
and leaving everything we take a cab hey
lift lift lift
I don't want it lift I don't know oh
whoa okay started let me stay in there
forever
yeah we got our tie it's fine oh great
and every guy keep forgetting to move my
leg yeah I gave you that me excuse me oh
we need that hat wait fuck
Jay get out of my life no first he spent
a half hour dancing put the head on the
head Jack give me a smooch smooch oh oh
wait we need the ring we know where that
is now we know where that's it okay I'm
in my box okay did you find it oh we
smacked her oh sorry I'm handsome that
ring is huge
it looks like a bracelet yeah I got okay
come on oh wait
does a bracelet I've totally been taken
out of this game or something you can
take over no no I've been taken out of
the game it's unrealistic oh you've come
to the wrong house
well I always get these opening credits
oh no we're supposed to flail like this
200 or can we make him play yeah oh
that's fun this way no this way
nope this way yeah we got one okay down
yeah got it
fucking credits oh we need to like
stretch ourselves wide nope nope fucked
up that credit hey I know that she's
marrying an octopus that was the joke
and for the O do we get points
I don't we get anything for that
now he's hungover what's happening oh
right
get up to the kitchen how much time is
past well now we have kids yeah
why why why is it skip ahead kids
they're gonna have domestic life who's
holding up at the table no one no it was
just attached to her body so I'm gonna
make some coffee
yeah Jay did this little bizarre shock
Mazama net the other stick that's how
I'm using they won't what do I need to
do because this isn't an actual can't go
I can't move my arm you got to get the
coffee jack okay I got it
oh whoa or I don't know do I have
something else no it's fine you
sprinkled in spice oh look what's up
there cereal what do we milk milk
I got pineapple no you got a pineapple
what honey look at my nails I don't know
I got the mill over school
everywhere that's good okay she's gonna
know you two are killing it co-op
yeah this is uh you guys octodad speed
run coming up is there such a thing as
an accident cook burgers well it's the
morning I know we just sent a copy but
now we've got a good burgers come on
babe well no fucking other floor burgers
Jay you got to do all the hand stuff
because any controller doesn't work
burger is huge oh god no I'm moving the
camera that's even that hurts Jake am I
supposed to do here get the burger on
there go did I yeah I don't know hold on
the ground no your kids rummy Jack
should know that he's an octopus Oh
burger okay here I got I got it it's
cook this giant burger get the fuck out
of here glass get the fuck out of here
glass okay for a minute all right not
too long that's who got it fucking
perfect
get out of here glass bun that looks
like a cake yeah looks like a cake
control two with the green frosting on
top we slap your ass okay it looks like
we're good doing some maritals what good
on the slip inside what oh no that's
wrong we're doing the slip n slide what
are we doing oh god this part again this
is the
you're not listening to me yeah we're
good on the slide
no the slip'n I don't have a slip and
slide let go I'm not I'm not
you're holding on to a ball or something
oh there we go okay okay let's find this
oh there okay ready ready wait wait wait
no
hey watch you slip it's light properly
yes okay now back to it all right back
to our chores we're doing our speedrun
Jay okay nope wait go in the cedar time
no Otto good slide let go okay I'll get
out of your for the top know where you
can get it get a bump balls
let go ball I can't yes you can hit your
button don't let go of it no look that
made me grab it nope
all right Scrat the top of it grab the
top of it stop over in closer closer
let's go this way okay okay let's go
that way
Ramona Ramona Ramona okay this way okay
this way this way this way this little
okay okay okay okay now we're here over
here okay Jesse is the wife my kids I
don't it sound afterbuzz everybody
so you think oh we gotta get this patch
by the yeah
okay come on J come on come on move your
legs
oh my god it's fucking J one whole side
is useless okay okay I think you're the
useless leg no let's go down the
slippery side again there we go we the
garden
oh we guys we've got one week Birds
different oh that's right we got a comb
over here this is up to you again jack
because I can't work my fucker everybody
got it don't even need to worry about it
fucking got it ready boom boom fuck move
your leg oh sorry I'm yeah don't pull
out the fly
no I got all the cut weeds I'm gonna let
go of that weed saying I dealer we know
you're holding a weed no I you are
currently in Jack we can see it the AVA
not you know of the weakened body okay
got oh wait one more okay okay Oh
firewood fucking fucking go into that
birdbath sit see you're not helping
climb that tree chop chop down the tree
chop down the trees no Jacob he kept on
the tree no climb the tree first all
right
chop this wood yeah what you just threw
the wood away what no the woods on there
there's a lot of the girl that he threw
behind
Oh God
I want to chop down the tree it's not
the wood and looking tractors children
they're just behind a map duh
this is terrible what'd you do did you
get him get rid of the air I had to oh
yeah you do this are you sure you can't
grab anything
grab something but I can't move it
properly because my arm doesn't move
right I'm not here fucking wood I can't
move it up hey you're not helping I know
it
how do you mean oh there you yeah I'm
doing all right get out of here
get out of here recycle bin you don't
help anyone okay I'm just gonna chill
here with my log yo selfie snap oh that
reminds me I was at Target today yeah
and I passed the Halloween section
uh-huh
and there was a woman there all by
herself shouldn't have any friends or
anything around but she was wearing some
sort of comically large Halloween
related hat that they were selling put
it on and she was taking a selfie and
she looked completely miserable like she
looked genuinely depressed while she was
doing it and not just like for the photo
like afterwards like she was looking at
it she just looks so sad oh I was like
what is what are you trying to do what
kind of hat was it I know it was like a
big thing and had like leaves and tree
branches and shit and it was really tall
we need to get that it was depressing
Halloween selfie this was like six ish
hashtag depressing Halloween selfie yeah
that's gonna be a thing now oh yeah oh
yeah that's the one that you sent away
rich the fans demand the sequels and I'm
going to make a wine out of your
testicles so nobody demands that nobody
seriously like to tell them to ask I
thought I do like the title the title is
the best part yeah
there we go all right fire what is a
freeze frame Oh No god damn it climb
that tree
what climb the tree what no let go the
axe deck what let go the a I want to
chop down the trees ok wait out down the
tree if you wait the tree you're just
wasting everybody's value okay it'll be
way easier to climb it if we chopped it
down that's all I'm saying
okay okay okay how do we climb the tree
I don't know we can't Oh
why are you trying to Clinton someone
told me to concentrate me I did that's
someone I'm right here wait oh that's my
can be like okay come on get up dude
somebody's making my class
why are you doing any more mice but I
don't know what is the case uh no no I
was watching yeah lamb of Todd valuable
time yeah that's true that's fair okay
so this next one you play tonight Jesus
Christ
this was someone else wants to take over
rich feeling come here I mean the jack
neither Jack I say listen a night goin
hi Colin okay listen boys know what
anymore
hmm yeah oh yeah that'd be important
cereal get this we're all going to the
grocery store
oh I have to hold it down long enough
their dose so you're the only one that
control the arms rich okay
I'm ready I'm ready oh I'm that like
okay should we get on the Segway no
that's stupid
oh god it's in our way down the Segway
we're on the site okay so we gotta go
towards the end here right well pizza
first yeah towards the end
then open the last door how are we doing
the speedruns now sure I'm sorry that I
haven't met you here this way this way
get a pizza that's all we gotta get why
are you in there can't you just get out
of there and learn walk over to the door
the doors frozen oh no oh there we go
through oh yeah we got it we got the
stuff oh this is part of it all right
now we're gonna go to the fuck of cereal
aisle for that one bitch when we're
stealing her cereal why can't you get
all serious she took the last one
so we're just taking it oh no she's
looking at it yeah yeah we got it
alright speed run speed run hey what's
next juice Omega some other eye over you
like
I drink so much milk I think I'm I was
wrong okay you still have booties in two
pieces
yeah yeah $2 and $2 glands they don't
have those now you owe me speedruns yeah
you yeah I think Jake we're better than
jacking a bear cake can you can you
hurtin people on this going play yeah
you can smack into them but then you're
if there's like a mirror that says how
close you are to being discovered as an
octopus it's not like to the light every
bunch of ugly apples and there's just
one nice and yes really what kind of
this one this one this one is green
we're flailing around like a bad apple
they're ready I gotta get the right one
yes yes I'm trying a highlight they
should be brown I wanna hug later cuz
laughing all right now I sushi Oh
back in the back mr. bacala sir where
this one yes that's okay be an infinite
I'm pathetic at a lot of donuts no this
way back here well we're just gonna go
behind the counter now we're gonna have
to run by killer Oh where's the camera
oh god I wish something out winds kick
we're doing pretty good oh hey hey
danders we did bass beat run speed rock
check out I'm gonna check out we're not
wasting no time on the rocket no jack
what what AC time on that rocket
oh my god we haven't any of these hey
it's okay okay we can get out of this
all right so we have to wake us Katja we
gotta go through the gift shop
oh that's right hey jams someone
hitting your wine oh oh I thought I
supposed to give the ticket or or
something all right
Oh No here we go through the turnstile
as you're fine trust me fine
don't woman Jake your legs my legs
caught oh there we go okay all right
fine I'm sorry for not giving you a
shout-out thanks for subscribing jeez
okay we got it we got listen we uh oh my
god that this speedrun is moved because
Jesse was dancing for we're just trying
to do this as fast as possible because
it's funny
where are we supposed to go what if any
of these homes oh that's right you don't
have to fight him in an order there is
intense the dancing man look at I make
no apologies you know you shouldn't
handle that means you just made this
feel more difficult because Oso says
this game has convinced me to try to
fuck an octopus
congratulations hello do what you gotta
do dog shit shit shit you know which one
you're trying to get red red now there
you go that's your problem
Oh yellow yellow and this feud Roya says
he hates everyone who's gotten a vocal
shout out from Jack so vocal shoutout to
destiny Jiraiya
I hate yourself asshole no you get to go
down the slide
what's in here we go alright you guys
are doing shockingly well alright what
next wouldn't actually I gotta grab the
top of this thing in the middle
oh the s'mores this thing sucks
gobbledygook so I will not belittle you
to get you excited you seem like a swell
person what do we need to do was it's
been a while since I put oh we have to
take these stores and put him in the
rings all right I think like one of each
other's dollar that's right it seemed to
be what we did it so yeah no I get a
purple one and put in there well I guess
we can put that in the second one do it
okay arms don't work oh you're stuck on
the pole hello
No oh god damn it ya did it you didn't
keep going keep moving so now we need
all move at the green one side has to go
up top hurry up Jake
that's I'm waiting on you can you grab
him
maybe you just take him with us be
helpful no okay I think I can forget
fuck it we're gonna keep moving this is
too important we cheated the system yeah
oh yeah oh you're holding on to it
no you're holding on to it okay no not
neither of us have it who cares
boy whit none of us have and that's the
important thing yes it takes two to
tango
no one who's almost falling out there we
go go why aren't your lazy kids doing
anything
I'm blaming this on you right now why
isn't it spinning other way to try the
other room there Oh God
okay this door come on okay okay
down the home down the hole you'll think
you guys wanna set a serious
conversation about Star Wars no no I'm
saying that's that's what they think
that's what they think
oh we can talk about the opening crawl
to Star Wars reset something crawl to
Star Wars change the window
yeah wouldn't have the opening problem
yeah everybody set up the boot are you
grabbing it to space are we done I
oh we just kicked that guy in the face
oh no here's the part I gave up on last
time your chance to redeem yourself or
give up again okay okay we're still in
the game
so me all right get a solid footing some
fun ok lol Revo thanks for subscribing
maybe geez forever be your jam right get
on the platform get us on the platform
oh I think it's time to retire that Jack
that's it this is the thing for the
night Jay I think does it have to be I
mean no jeez at the gym
doesn't just say anything like that when
someone subscribes I feel like I should
thank them
you can thank them don't put your foot
on the bouncy part okay not the bouncy
part I'm not oh my god keep your foot
there I got it I got it
I just stairs look when I do that they
say put it on the gray section oh it's
okay I'm gonna throw up
okay all right
subscribes okay okay now you know you
okay ah ah I got us yeah oh my god what
is happening moversmovers this way oh
god now we got the fan have another
thing yeah all the way alright Ernie you
get up from the hole get up through the
hole get it through the hole yeah put
your leg through the hole oh fuck wait
just keep your leg on I don't know okay
okay it's all you do it you can all
right now we're doing it okay wait wait
wait nope okay Oh God what grandma there
we go we are almost done it
yeah we did it oh I can't believe we're
game again we could stop anytime well
it's true it's true it's true oh wait we
got more what are we doing stairs
oh I'm stuck on a kid we're doing
obscene things to our child
all right so what's the plan here well
let's finish off this level like this
well I think I'm done we just finished a
level oh no no you have to find the
other so we gotta go through all of the
game okay I'm done with this yeah I
think we're done we had a good run I
think Kent world was a fantastic finale
no jack is not short for anything not
short for Jackson or juncture Jonathan I
was Jacqueline Jacqueline Jacqueline
yeah Jack used to be short for Jonathan
I know it's a thing because a lot of
people used to neighbor kids that
Darrell came name's Jerry go on but
there was long oh it's a thing
I was named out of spite because my
grandma wanted to make me job Oh what
kinda had a great uncle job yeah Excel
my mom said okay Jack that's just the
letters JFK that's a no last name at all
oh that's a better idea again that's a
great idea
thank you do it um agent sterling Erica
says I came here to watch grandpa rich
Evans play checkers
it's very so what's the plan now I don't
know
Oh God Jesus I don't know you know
checkers and and movie discussion
you played strip checkers will you give
your thoughts her DUI rich do you want
to try no I can play checkers while you
talk about that no we will not be
playing strip checkers yeah I keep that
kid in the face
beat him up come back your kid my room's
broken down Sam
your arms broke he's not moving his arm
oh there go smack that kid too much this
kid doesn't know what to just run away
Oh somebody follows me on Twitter
hashtag baby
let's go into the sharp hashtag what a
VG d VG baby wanna crawl into the shark
Dodd garbage can okay
waiter can we get in the mouth no not
really here is not the whole thing over
turn this off they're just running
around now no I will not be telling any
farm stories tonight well I will not be
telling any UPS driver stories tonight
though I know you found that riveting
we got the shark head now we can do
anything
oh we dropped it you can't do anything
now we got it again come on up the
stairs shark a great idea for a level is
like doing your taxes nah that would be
great I like having to work that
calculator yeah some sort of paperwork
and filing yes
all right now I just want to throw it
off the ledge I'm putting out of this
jack you want pasta
younger than that Oh God oh Jesus Christ
octo papers please all right I think
that would be funny all right
let me get back here now backed up later

[Part V]
and welcome back everybody know Jesse
has gone mildly insane look shit's gone
crazy here that was a long break sorry
about that
it's a business to attend to
as a business some bean business never
eyes full of them said you're full of
beans they probably can't hear you so
they still probably can't hear you okay
they can hear her laughing cuz someone
said jesse is laughing did someone fart
it's just oh also wait is Khalid in the
stream no no there's a there's someone
in Collin imposter in the stream someone
is saying that they're calling in the
stream they might not be we're double
checking on that right now we're sending
a text to column right now we're gonna
find out we're on to you
oh they're saying they did hear every
word that Jesse said oh she said my
mama's full of beans how does that true
I mean she no my mom doesn't like beans
oh yeah yeah okay which is weird I guess
what's not literal beans full of beans
is an expression for like you're being
hyper come on overactive was it your
business
I've heard people use it that way yeah
almost like you're full of shit no no
Paula beans means that you're you're
going crazy well that's crazy that is
crazy okay beans hey guys we're setting
up a very special game really I claim
this special game we're setting up a
kind of special it is special yeah I
don't know what this is oh no is it not
working
well it's not working that's disturbing
no oh yeah we gotta do something there
hold on we're don't worry we're doing it
okay Colin is not in the chat okay Colin
is confirmed to not me in the chat if
you want to read he said okay
now a Collins not there he is saying in
the text no I am hoot and aboot ah he's
so Canadian we could give him mod powers
he wants them could he handle it I don't
know okay could he handle the raw mod
power for some reason this isn't working
so we might not be able to play this
game every time we are gonna play it's
fun so what up there goes okay got it
dududu dududu its co-op
Wow here's gonna work you'll see you're
gonna find out J all right and you're
gonna love it
yeah oh they're really hard though they
might be mildly amused for a second yeah
yeah that's probably more true then
they'll move on to better bigger things
Oh with co-op cuz those are the buttons
you have to hit yeah okay I got it
well I worried we're making this look
pretty and order and yeah there we go
now it looks pretty okay
all right look out on the window so I
can do this
we gonna play some co-op although we're
gonna update the stream oh god what
happened huh oh you'll see nope nope
copyist update error updating broadcast
rate it's am great at this game
is rich playing co-op idly going
backwards what the hell is happening I'm
trying to run wow it's like you know
I'll go down awkward controls yeah it's
like that awkward controls okay yeah
there's like a button does the knee in
the egg wall the other button does
uh-huh yeah okay broadcast is updated
successfully so so yeah this is the game
you have the Q and the W work the thighs
and the O and the P work the calves and
you have to try to run as far as you can
this isn't like cute as one Phi W does
the other thigh yeah okay did they do
they were they forced to take out the
Chariots of Fire theme I'm sure it's not
it's not the same that's true there
isn't it right now there's no music
playing it's not the same it needs the
Chariots of Fire
that makes what somebody's playing right
now is there any oh wait no there's
something plain is it the chariots fire
thing oh it might be all I care it only
plays when you move correctly okay okay
there was a there was a point in time
when I wasn't terrible and I never got
to the finish line but I was able to get
to the hurdles so your hurdles and it
ends in a long jump so we're talking
about I did it I did see the kid who
played the coop cosplay did you see that
one no no he just dressed up as a runner
and flail about it I did look better but
it was great someone is asking did you
really spend time to get good at this
rich
no like I got I got 20 wiedersehen that
was the best I did that's pretty good oh
all right
no I don't know what that is but no so
what but what you do is you take a
picture and then you send it to somebody
in those deletes but it's fun I guess
instead of texting oh it's like an app
yeah I don't even have a cellphone yeah
I'm just not convinced these cellphones
are gonna catch on maps for my landline
yeah I play solitaire with cards while
you wait for someone to call detect oh
yeah usually when someone else is there
but do you try to play songs on the
dials or yeah push button yes I have a
rotary I put little paper dolls on it
so when i dial it looks like they dance
it's really pretty
yeah it's called it's called it's guy if
L don't fail no good joke well you just
steamroll I was about to say something
good and I know it's gone now you've
steamrolled over all of it but I think
you're steamroll was funnier than any
joke so I appreciate that
that's right right Jay really does not
have a cellphone you're absolutely right
he does have a car phone I do have a car
phone yeah I I did not have a cell phone
for the longest time I held off on a
cell phone for a while I don't want
people bugging me
yeah listen I don't I don't know what
the joke was going to be I was making it
along I really appreciate Jesse kind of
D railing it Peggy fergie three four
seven one one thanks for subscribing
may the Gees jams always be your Jim
that's a lot of corn and I just flipped
jail no I can see Jack it's like
flipping me off just flipped jails I'm
over this whole thing he's over the Gees
jams but every time I see it look to put
the little cheese's up it's nice it's a
fun thing that I'm doing for tonight
only so alright we're you're just
annoyed with it because so many people
have subscribed I guess which is
something we should be happy about yeah
I guess so yeah when you put it when you
put it that way these noises what are
you doing I'm Votto it cuz you're
clapping yeah hey you're doing it you're
doing it yeah I got to like a tweeters
did you yeah congratulations
whoa this game is bringing weird noises
out of your eyes yeah the Jesus and the
jams oh we did that through y'all I
don't know about it
home some honey now no one hand we're
getting subscribers yes
on the other hand you keep saying see
that's my problem with that part of it
what that you're saying these things
well is you
well bluestocking thank you very
subscribe
J says is that better whoa whoa what
Evan did you just hit quick no I didn't
hit quick no did it didn't die it did
died but that's okay oh my oh my god
stop okay okay okay
hold on we're getting back to it so you
said you started playing the Arkham
games did you were and I downloaded the
African games are because they WV just
had to sail there there was a sailing
all like WB shit and so I just bought
Arkham Asylum hold on you guys are
probably seeing some frozen stuff right
now did you buy the second one - I did
not sure uh yeah probably
oh sorry guys we just lost our window
capture coming back coming back at ya oh
Jesus Evan Oh for some reason I would
have just closed closed Chrome just quit
rich was playing co-op way too hard the
computer co-op you know the graphics are
pushing the limitations all right oh um
we're gonna we're gonna grab I still I
still want to say footage that crossed
Claire the co-op's quite cosplayer
coops player pups play coops play whoa
what is it
oh there go
fix it I fixed it all right click on
food yeah that's it click yeah it's a
well I can imagine what it doesn't want
to function unless we did it guys we
fixed him say I did try Arkham Asylum
cuz I played a little bit of Arkham
Asylum when it first came out and never
after some cutscenes you know I turn it
off it was fine I got I probably just
started playing something else but it's
fine I'm looking forward to there's a
huge sale on all like WB games and so I
got Arkham Asylum for five bucks I'm
super excited to play through the whole
thing cool yeah yes just talking in that
game up here it's like most of it's done
via like radio no I'm sure it's I've
heard nothing but good things about our
cuz I'm so I'm really looking forward to
getting into it if I ever get a chance
to play games outside of the stream
which I don't much anymore
so I might isn't one of the game station
games then you do are from so excited
the second one now part of city ok game
station
miss that set that's a great was a great
set as a fun set we held on to it for a
long time but it was just taking up
space so he finally finally got rid of
yeah no I understand
oh sure it's do you know we don't
understand yet there's like the you know
the problems hen hand-painting
everything yeah that's true we might I
might abandon it and what take what's
been done and we'll just do something
different with that okay that's that's
the red letter media way
start working on it and then say yeah
good enough but should I say what it was
or might be or if you want to talk about
it good
here's the thing whether you talk about
it or not it may or may not happen so
yeah I mean we've been doing like making
like a diorama of giant sized diorama of
like old games right I have been working
on like just like a screen of Mario like
cut out a little Mario boom bug made the
ground and we're gonna set that up
behind us I'm just gonna be a Mega Man
one Mario one and you gaiden one a
pacman lon
and it's just taken forever cuz I'm not
even done with the fucking first one I
started with because rich has decided to
hand paint every pixel and make them
perfect pixel pixel accurate yes and
we've discussed ways to do this kind of
simpler if you know I try I looked into
it a little construction paper squares
to glue on do up work yeah the problem
with that is there's not much variety in
colors on the construction paper it's
like one shade of brown one we shade of
blue and one ugly shade of yellow and
one ugly shade orange and like with
Mario there's like 18 different shades
of beige yeah and I don't know how to do
that with construction paper sure do you
think that you're basing these all on
images that you find on the internet
right from the games themselves yeah so
these images are online there's this
place called Kinkos where you can print
images I would be willing to do that or
how much I don't know how much of a cost
though that's room like I said around
which we do have a budget of zero down
I've been trying to do it on the cheap
yeah yeah what's up it's fun to
interject into comments perhaps tours
have numerous shades of construction
paper we need a lot of it and uh hey
what was it three feet by five feet
like a foam board printed materials
about 80 bucks
that is it outrageous that expensive me
probably it's several characters and my
room this conversation is boring me well
shit you know that's valid yeah that's
true that's valid
yep confirmed for J says we should use
the sub money for Kinkos there you go
what you got to use the ticket a new
system right yeah what are you that the
pilot game stuff yeah we are we're use
it we we're making our first big
expenditure sometime later this week
it's gonna be really awesome we're
getting is it too early to reveal what
you're doing or we won't tell what what
game we're doing this I will where we
are getting a ps4 now can as our as our
big system splurge for our first for a
first big expenditure we're getting a
ps4 so something is happening in that
area is that the ps4 doesn't is it a
blu-ray player - it is a blu-ray player
so you're just gonna watch blu-ray
movies what are you doing - pretty much
okay pretty much whenever whenever I
take it from rich I'll say oh no I have
to play video games on him I'll just be
watching I actually don't care because I
know you're a big fan of physical media
i blu-rays and I don't give a fuck about
if I can be perfectly honest with you
I've gotten rid of most of my DVD
collections
I only stream yeah if it's not on Amazon
you know Amazon Netflix all that jazz
I hate physical media except for do you
just you're not a summer VHS cuz that's
something special
not really it's junk that's true that's
true it's old junk it's true the only
thing a special or movies that are on
VHS that aren't available in any other
format then it's special anybody wants
to take a trip amid the crashed or Merle
well no not the craps we're saying
there's they're saying they're okay with
us spending some money on that trip to
Kinkos we would need to find like some
high-quality images to blow them up yeah
yeah depends on what you can find out
which which I could probably do I'm sure
it's out there oh you want text me away
from the light
Jesse needs to talk to me away from the
microphones all right bye jack social
you weren't in here to begin with such
as you me no j-just us how awkward can
we talk about the craft store who can
say yeah let's talk about aircraft ships
wish for Michaels do you prefer the
Hobby Lobby back now no it's not a J
James gonna play co-op play co-op the
only kids use our qua qua prop alright
let me see if I can get the hang of this
well you can't okay okay copy Colin is
in the chat now officially
okay hold on guys I want to play another
game
Oh press space to restart Colin is here
in the chat we're about to make him a
mod it's gonna be great oh my god
oh here there is yeah who made this game
a crazy person
oh I just flipped over on my brain
didn't I think I just broke my neck yep
okay he's now everybody welcome Colin
are our new moderator like Alan yeah
Colin you don't have your sword yet
Colin is the Stig's mismas 69 sergeant T
what the hell no sergeant Zima nope
take your time yet when you say sergeant
sim oh my god this game is fucking
impossible
wait listening
zim zim troopers hey isn't that
what's-his-face the guy the priest from
carnival well is there an A in his
name-o Clancy Brown that guy
he's on Carnivale yeah tall taller guy
he was an Islander yeah
yeah I think this is characters Newman
starship trooper oh I don't remember I
guess surgeons
I am devious that's right and by the way
right now both of our our active
moderators are Canadian so oh really
guys just lay off the maple syrup and
hand remember you love hockey I can't
get one foot off the ground I can get
one foot I can't get the next foot yeah
that's not is it is it possible to do
yeah I've gotten 12 feet into this game
really Oh people have gotten always sure
yes yes I know how is that even possible
learn to walk with awkward controls
Colin's mate name is Sergeant Zim 69 and
for some reason his sword isn't showing
up yet I think it takes a little bit it
did for me I think it did
Oh dancin I'm doing somehow Oh oh yeah
dude a bunch of dances for a while dude
Oh
yeah you're probably good exactly the
way you're supposed to how that was the
farthest I've gotten was by doing that
yes yes it's quirky quirky the sword
mean penis that's funny is not that
funny oh my lord
okey up Colin is waving a sword around
now you got his official sword Jim and I
are married it's the Canadian oh that's
rich place Pokemon has a really good
suggestion Jay yeah I get good I don't
think that's possible not with us this
is the most insanely stupid thing one
Kia type No yeah I'm on you're gonna
learn that you're gonna need to like to
switch and really yeah I'm very good at
falling backwards on to my skull yeah
yeah I am
absolutely no idea what I'm supposed or
it's not it's not time so just kind of
take is a race you're supposed to just
run oh that's all I'm supposed to play
this next by the way yeah do you want to
try this here Jesse but every time you
start moving forward it starts playing
the Chariots of Fire
what's that with I'm not gonna get out
the body wrap just yet Oh God maybe one
of these things none of us are as good
as Kyle
yeah that's trouble that's exactly the
problem are you Brett Brett Brett buddy
buddy
right all right all right who's next
Jesse Jesse come on
no yes why not just for a little bit all
right and then and then will someone
else okay
sir Gympie did not lose his mob powers
he just hasn't been around so hippies
got shit to do he's too busy camping
around it's true well he's missing out
on a hot clop action he's missing out on
me falling on my skull over and over the
only way this would be more exciting as
if we were playing the Penn & Teller
truck game Jesus
all right you ready I guess okay so qw o
P that's all you can use okay I also use
rot our four run Jessie's name on it
getting farther than J already hey
expensive cheese thanks for subscribing
appreciated and vengeful turducken
that's that's a great name
avenge filter done listen you never help
okay I have a new plan column is asking
counts as Jackie dude a drunk bastard
when will the gym and I meet you when I
stopped drinking during the day which is
never I'm sure next time you're in town
maybe I'll be great you doing great is
this the Nicki Minaj anaconda video my
my anaconda warm
oh my god you're doing great I'm very
good you can start wiggling forward you
would have like trying reversing the way
you're doing it oh there you go you're
doing it oh yeah one meter oh wow go one
point one meters I wait
oh no you blip set up your foot
if I can get to I'll be happy to point
wow you're doing good
I'll fight you Jacob I got I didn't get
your b12 Jesse I got 12 I didn't get far
at all I mostly call backwards Jesse if
you can get to 3 you win the game oh wow
no I mean that's not true but well
that's what we're setting first so I'm
gonna say for Jesse okay if you can get
to 3 Jesse you win come on by the way
Jesse just left she likes she won the
game so she just won the game and just
right out of the room I'm gonna give
this jack is gonna give this a try yeah
I bet you're gonna have that yeah I
won't
oh my god and he still just here
oh my god and now she has a bottle of
Jagermeister oh my god okay I can do
this is it still the same game it is and
I found a method where I'm just kicking
the one leg Oh nope nope oh you're gonna
fall backwards nope I'm gonna fall
forwards no damn it
I lost it I actually have a rhythm where
I'm kind of run but it's hard to keep it
going yeah
nope Bam's oh my god I keep pressing the
I am okay no oh no oh what happens if i
press P first
no we what no no I don't want to drink
I'm better than everybody nice except
for Jessie yeah I'm really good yeah
yeah
okay I do - Jessie nothing
yeah no no why not hi straight now
well you figure it out her fucking doll
let's coop okay here we go here we go
nope nope you're gonna fall on your ass
fuck I don't understand I don't
understand thighs get bend that forward
like oh okay that could oh okay I
understand thighs now so wide together
wide together right that's like
alternating key so Q and oh and W and P
and you can kind of get a running motion
and that Ben's a nun Ben's
yeah okay I'm I want to figure this out
what I've gotten further than anybody so
far I could Drake it you're getting
drugged don't tell Jessie but I am the
undisputed champ I'm a viral on WAP of
consciousness Jesse's coming in I think
she's very angry at me I heard you
she almost she almost threw Hagar
Meister at me Mike the game is called
flop they actually named the game co-op
yes what you wo because those are the
only buttons you press like or Chee yeah
yeah I never want to play this game new
don't sell this games like you're
yelling like you made it remove the
character all these games sound so
frustrating yeah that's a part of it
Mike is you've set up a chant where ever
having difficulty like moving the
character and the games I used to well
but it's a recent gimmick yeah that it's
difficult to control the character yeah
do even the objectives are like simple
things oh that's so that's a thing
that's one or two games well like in any
game you set up a false barrier without
barriers winning right and so in a game
we have to jump over those challenges
frustrating too much away
Cohen said Jay how was flex it was was
what it was
can't tell you it's a secret it's a
secret will tell you later
oh oh wait for one second I had a
running motion
how do you do this game oh you you press
keys you run drive take over for you
people
hey guys
get it it's back to fly I'm not sure
yeah smack to fly I hate that fucking
flight alright it's been in here all
fucking night yeah course engine oh did
you see it did you see that no oh I did
like fun run
Oh No BAM oh that will look painful
fucking hell this is
Jagga vegan as far as Jessie yet oh yeah
welcome to third place which one is
going this is the one with the sword
that's not octo J okay
sergeant okay surgeons this is my
sergeant Zima 69 yo going rich just got
cool and from the 1990s from my
perspective that is cool wait till he
hears that so that might be cool to him
right now I don't know it's possible I
don't know how that works
oh God did you kill it we have too many
there's too many flies that's when we
leave the door open
yeah there's 26 years with their arms
hey guys Mike second about flies this is
just a thing that s goin on tonight
yeah we're chasing flies okay yeah I got
something fucking fucking fuck yeah you
gotta get it to a point where you're
pushing off the one legs while the other
one's kind of here here bent and forward
would you like me to admit my before you
land you switch keys Jesse take over
cause he's taking over jess is taking
over
ah damn it
I lost my I lost my groove I thought I
thought you were the undisputed champ
Jessie I am here it goes
here we go where's your champ miss here
we go stop mother there we go we're on
the ground what the fuck is the point
what the fuck is the point that's that's
the real thing
gently tap OH then hit P and Q
simultaneously until you reach position
to hit W knows that no that's - yes -
what you're doing too hard already
look at this is what you do you go like
this perfect you just go as slow as I
drag your legs gotten farther than I
have I just wanna let you know that
she's perfected do it do it oh my god
three point eight more can you be 12 is
that the record something if there's a
line she'll have to press it
oh that's right oh my god she might do
it seven you're at seven you can do this
eight oh my god nine you're doing it
Jessie oh my god you're doing it you oh
that's what Yeager does bitches Oh sis
don't what you're demolishing it 16
Jesus Christ there's no stopping nice
victory seventeen Wallace with dream
Peyton I'm in tears
you got this not are you gonna get to
twenty twenty meters Jessie is the
greatest at all things all the time
gently tap all men position 100 oh shit
are you gonna get to 30 she's gonna get
to the fruit oh my god wall right then
there's a whole mother if she gets in
the hurdle she has to go the whole one
I'm 30 Jesus Christ this is amazing this
I've never seen a co-op run quite like
this my fingers go Jesus you're getting
there you're getting there
oh no super well don't stand up by
accident because you'll just fall over
the 100 meter need your egg I just want
to make it to 50 someone's asking Jesse
have you ever considered going pro yes
can you just knock them down yep keep
going you're like halfway there oh
they're saying Trico whopping what if I
press these don't don't don't don't you
dare jack
how are you moving it slowly you're
gonna ruin her mojo no we're moving
slowly okay jack is now the qw and Jesse
is the Opie we got this yeah we got this
we got this okay
I mean it's moving slower now obviously
because we're dragging the second hurdle
we'll have two Pirtle Oh Mike Jesse's
fingers were getting tired I had to come
in there and pinch-hit they're saying
they're saying Jack no no but I it's
working it's too late now
yes too late now I'm trying to work
through the pain I'm trying it's it's
actually kind of hard to do this okay
give Jack some Jagermeister no Emma win
all we're doing is is pressing the
buttons as fast as we can I think this
is the mom I'm just staring at this in
amazement
yeah it's working it's working I can't
believe this is working how many hurdles
are there I don't know they're gonna be
just one as a lark or it's gonna be
every 10 meters my figures are now
hurting okay we're gonna 60 go oh no we
have to keep going rich come I'm gonna
take you in all right
oh Jesus yeah don't take all the credit
for this victory no okay no okay ready
yeah go
okay it's now rich and Jack skin warming
here oh my god this is really hurts
signal boss
KJ Hey okay Isis really a hundred meters
to it I think so
less it's 200 Jesus I don't think we can
do this if it's a hundred I got us two
sixty meters what by doing this the only
that was the highest score name is rich
how did this see I thought there was an
ad or something that was up like I know
that's the game a game that's the game
Mikey you might want to give this a try
I mean it's what we've gotten so far
rich you're trying to move a guy over
well we have to drag the hurdle along
with us because we can't move his legs
properly enough to jump over it is there
even an ability to jump over it if you
might oughta do the controls properly
possibly it's probably j4 John wait wait
whoa whoa what just happened okay you're
stuck on that hurdle no we're moving
no you're stuck on no it's it's been no
we should be with you stop stop stop
Oh is there a way to make him run did
you stop doing yeah I'm alone he was
going on the air okay
almost 70 meters almost a similar
entertainment to watching a bad movie on
purpose I suppose
oh damn I'm sorry Mike uh you know it's
it's it's a it's a challenge it's a
challenge and it's a unique challenge Oh
someone said and I agree Jack and rich
you stupid fuck ups that's fair
yeah Wow are you doing this rich yeah
this is pretty good whoa you're doing
really good wow you look like a person
running the game what's like someone
actually running yeah I gotta get my
rhythm going and then yeah fine oh oh oh
you're almost prancing hey I got 270
meters guys at 60 versus and negative
meters yeah no I have 260 meters and
then I gave up yeah so what is it a
combination of getting the keys well
Mike could just come here and no I don't
want well if you're gonna ask questions
you you should you should experience it
for yourself
co-op could be your first game since dr.
Mario like one button will do like a
knee and a thigh in one leg except for
when you keep landing on your head
I think the keyboard is just right here
for you Mike I think you should give it
shouldn't it be unlike a space suit
running on the surface of the Moon well
you can't hear it but when you start
moving forward they start playing the
chariots fire theme
it's actually a really funny effect if
you didn't hear it
tried to beat my score what was your 60
I got just 60 and then I stopped and
give it to those guys I got it to less
than one you can get somewhere between
Mike is taking over my video game is
taking over good night Colin Colin's
going to bed okay cross face when you
want to start then it's yeah well okay
tell me what qw and Opie do I figured
out I mean this race / yeah okay
oh my god Oh
spacebar ok so that's back seems to be
four you can do this Mike we believe in
you do you want me to teach you yeah
more often than not I felt backwards
under my head okay see now you see where
the crazy crunch dance comes from yeah
just the hunting and the wanting to move
forward nope okay that's not working
that's amazing
no not that I mean not the game itself
but I'm trying to figure out what no
like let's do yeah yeah that's the whole
thing yeah do they are they do they
randomized what role does the the Q and
the W make your legs go apart and
together so like W makes them makes your
legs go part Q makes them go together
and then oh and P it makes your knees
extended so think of QW is your hips
okay
singing is to literally remove his legs
I think I'll give up here oh hey there
you got further than I did just by
randomly mashing buttons I'm trying to
come up with some kind of running rhythm
it's possible yeah there are videos
online of actually people doing this
well so is it like whoever designed this
game is just some sort of evil genius
yes yeah pretty much it's it's I'm sure
it's some sort of experiment in hardness
chair thinking experiment is you take a
simple thing you make a complicated and
humor ensues yes sure
yeah where it's happening then you get
to the woman then you kind of switch in
the Malaysia on the opposite it's like a
series that's like combination look look
there's like an exact combination of the
order of buttons that you press you know
and I seems like it has to be really
precise yes that's the thing I get that
but it'll take me years to master this
oh there you go now you're getting in
the submissive yep yeah yeah I want to
get on a can you tell you oh you must
have hit the spacebar oh yeah oh are you
resent me oh that sucked
this must be a blast to watch for sure
what's what's the opinion channels they
love it they love it no let's take back
with us
I'd imagine this might have even
inspired that game oh yes it's like a
classic
I think it's been around for a while oh
I hit the heart right next to the qw
like you're hitting W and E you're at it
and Q and W you're missing a lot of the
controls oh and you were doing better
that way that's great
this completely changes Mike's learning
curve oh yeah okay nice
I hope you really want to do it where
you like actually running though right
right there's a QWOP - really that's
what people are saying we should play
clop - what how do you how do you
respect her how do you do something that
you know maybe you're maybe you're like
going upstairs oh no no no you can do
this don't fall
apparently to clop is two-player co-op
almost are running next to each other it
says you have to control all the arms
and the legs and you're biking instead
of running thank you right right
that'd be terrible i by the way Ryan
vision I agree co-op is the only game
that is both torture and addicting yeah
second possible but you want yeah
somewhere it's it's almost it gives you
a sense that you're figuring it out if
yeah yeah you're absolutely not is there
people that um are like master this yes
yes absolutely look up videos later yeah
I'd like to see that I'm sure there is a
combination pressing the letters yeah
yeah
right or something I I it's like a like
a simulation and like like weight
distribution and there's like an
algorithm there looks like so there is
some sort of like I know it's not the
rapid taps like you're doing it it is
smooth motion it's like alternating
items like the Kuhn P and W one all
they're saying W o QP sua time w + o + Q
and P FX oh I guess what maybe once
again understand up I mean you can't
just run like that but now that I have
them in the upright position doing the
splits just riveting there's also a
unicorn co-op called plop motion oh yeah
yeah that's like that's the worst part
is when you get that once try and you're
like how did I do it yeah this looks
natural
yep now this is it's true it's true
that's that famous Citizen Kane boy
absolutely it's when the old man comes
to the farmhouse I think that kid and
he's about to take the kid and the kid
says fuck you mister now this is
podracing and it gets on a sled they
know my and I go for right meters to get
to 100 hundred avenge 11 fault says five
hours later everyone else is in bed and
the stream is nothing but clicks and
mics quiet okay you didn't really do
that much because I can kind of get a
rhythm sometimes I'm not mean on blower
but now whose idea was it to play co-op
tonight like the best idea it goes hand
in hand with with octo ban yeah yeah
kind of weird controls and simple
dammit oh you like a rowdy kick I had it
for a second yeah I saw I saw you almost
getting it mm-hmm oh wow that was neat
though you didn't you did a little
prince'
No so you gotta get that foot under you
and then thrust read prancercising
juggler sizing juggler sizing
oh there you go slow and awkward bow-wow
oh they're saying you did exceptionally
average Mike that uh graduation look at
this you're prancing oh oh listen we're
juggling oh my god oh wow that's amazing
no no your how are you doing that this
is tense
Oh proven your own if you're done you're
ended on that uh yeah that's good
okay I think I'm about okay well then if
you wanted you guys don't want to keep
going I don't know it was this guy
really quiet yeah got weird
I'm anything on that I know that that's
right that's what rich isn't I'm done
with co-op it's nice to know you're cut
off
you know yeah yeah yeah okay what should
that be the straight man I think so okay
pretty good all right well hey everybody
thanks for coming out
yes yes thank you her face all over
trying to run down the track and then
we'll be back again another time and
thanks to all the new subscribers and
all the old subscribers and all the
people who just came to watch sp
jackasses good night everybody
adios
