Aug 3, 2014
FTL, Rogue Legacy
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42960628
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42960434
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42960072
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42960143
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42946345
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cdc0l2cEs0k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWevSnUw1Bc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mWbPNdg104
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YCl5IMRi38
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhJl52KFUGI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/496010324705673216
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/496106514008907776

[Part I]
hey everybody welcome to the stream
welcome okay good that's working welcome
to the stream welcome to the fun I
spelled rogue right this time I know I
did theirs rogue and there's Rouge
homophones right and is that spelled
similarly but pronounced differently
what you know what whatever here's the
game we're gonna do a quick audio check
I think the audio might be a little loud
so I'm I think I'm gonna turn down the
game audio a little bit hold on you know
what just hold on to your horses
everybody let's see how this feels
let's see how this feels Jack in the bag
how does it sound my voice the game
how's it looking
a pie for 60 I will not be so drunk that
I go on a five-hour rambling rant about
my personal problems
I guarantee that but hey welcome to the
stream everyone thanks for coming sore
tonight needs more echo the voice
distorting sounds good sounds good good
Rory Tate's I believe you that it sounds
good so I have been playing the rogue
legacy on my Vita and been really
enjoying it and so I thought I'd I
thought I would jam it on the computer
here to see if I can get it cuz I still
don't think I have a full grasp of it
yet that makes any sense you know I'm
not doing very well with it on my Vita
yet so but I kind of get up so this is
basically the basics of the game is here
this night and you go around in your
break shit to collect gold and you fight
guys
and you not die that's that's that's it
that's how the game works that's all the
game 100%
look
that's one of my favorite things is this
light down attack the ledge to make it
appear that's really neat hey just
destroy everything in the castle for
money
yes yeah this is rogue legacy it's we're
gonna get into it a little bit more just
kind of this is this is like the intro
nope here it is here is the legacy we
haven't really done much to the manor
yet okay so now we're gonna get into the
jam here and I'll kind of explain as I
go along there are skeletons there are
spikes in this game so you have to
really be room would be ware of spikes
an assassin has wounded my father the
King PS we're the assassin to bring
order back to the kingdom
he has sent my siblings and I on a quest
to save him together we'll venture into
the cursed woods and enter Castle
hampson that's the castle were in right
now this cursed cattle has stood on the
edge of the woods since time immemorial
but for rule must say that within it
dwells an item which will cure any
ailment tonight I will get a head start
over my brothers and sisters and so
forth on my quest while they lay asleep
to fail this quest would be an
embarrassment to my name
look okay okay we're gonna get this
first step out of the way of really
quickly it looks like once you see what
we're what we're up against here I can
explain a little bit more barber barber
I kind of see what's happening here
they're like the basics of it obviously
it's just like an action platformer
where the world is full of terrible
things and you need to leave the world
of those terrible things
oh and there we go there's our first
death
doctor who starts sucking I want to say
it's an eighth season maybe seventh I
forget okay so here's how it is so it's
an action-platformer emphasis on the
action and the gimmick is every time you
die you get to choose your air and get
to choose out of one out of three airs
and they all have different abilities so
here is sir skunky
he's a kanay of whatever that is low
stats but can land devastating critical
strikes and they all have these traits
you'll see like his trade is baldness so
I like him already
he also has ADHD s which means he moves
a lot faster and and his little special
power are these bouncing spiky balls
this is lady Charlotte she's a knight
doesn't have any traits and this is Lady
Talisa pretty good at everything
dyslexia has trouble reading things and
corporal Laila which probably means that
she swears and I like the side so I'm
going to choose the sides so this is it
you choose an heir the other the other
daily pop as you see here is you get to
choose you get to build a castle that
all your heirs get to live in and by
doing that you kind of up your stats
this is like this is like a section of
the levelling up see we have a
blacksmith here and if I bring the
blacksmith blueprints he can make me
stuff pretty neat we don't have any
money right now to get anything but once
we go in like you saw me do like I I
knocked down stuff in the castle and
defeat enemies to earn money and then I
spend that money to upgrade my castle or
upgrade my equipment and here's a really
neat thing is
every time you enter the castle you must
pay the toll and the toll is all of your
remaining money so any money you don't
spend upgrading your stuff get suspense
to enter the castle again so it's kind
of neat so yeah it's basically just a
really hard action platformer with a
unique leveling up system and this gold
door can't get into this is a teleporter
I can't teleport anywhere
it's a bookshelf
it's bookshelf it doesn't do much I'll
tell you one thing I did learn as you
see this how this area is darker that
means it's a secret yes there we go
treasure room right out the bat easy
easy whoa
that eyeball is some serious business
get away
oops
see it's basically survived and I'm not
doing a very good job of that right now
yeah getting some good loot though
getting some good money for upgrading
sounds like I should be able to do
something whoa that was very lucky
there's really there's you know a couple
bombs there's a tack and jump and then
special attack and then you saw me there
hopping on that do this down and attack
as I just like those eyes
here
see what's over here
let's see
jump-jump-jump see what's up here
oh my thought I saw that in the painting
there we go what what I end a bit all
right great
cools and goes yeah this is a look this
is very ghosts and goblins this is very
very zombies ate my neighbor
yeah little Castlevania II you know
broke like all that fun stuff the the
neat thing is every time you enter the
castle it's different of course let's
see here a knight my trait is that
chickens freaked me out all of that
let's see here
ooh Worf ISM let's be a dwarf well I got
a lot a lot of loot so we definitely
want to upgrade some stuff here
equipment up definitely want that what's
over here architects don't care about
that and change what you want that
enchantress just has the ability to give
you special magical abilities easy-peasy
look Oh Friday actually should have
saved some of my life for the blacksmith
here but guess not gonna happen so yeah
that's my special ability very
Castlevania that's that is the exact
Castlevania axe right there and now I'm
a tiny knife so now we're gonna enter
the castle again and it's gonna be a
whole new castle it's gonna be great
laughs
I was lucky oh my god
totally doing it you get some rooms like
this then totally totally F your day up
and there we go
yeah we have a lot of dick the birthday
boys are you guys talking about Jessie
and her love of a1 sauce and eggs it's
weird
listen I don't think things belong in
eggs maybe salsa eggs in salsa but yeah
I like the barbarian class barbarians
have a little more help all right let's
get moving
can you wait Hannah sake jet yeah yeah
I'll get right in on this egg can I make
scrambled eggs really great scrambled
eggs and then I mix salsa verde in with
it that with some spinach and beans is
my usual breakfast and so a1 on eggs is
a travesty as far as I'm concerned it
but I'd like I know people who do that
like people who like ketchup on eggs and
I think that is a damn shame leave your
eggs alone or if you're gonna put
something on your eggs want to put some
flavor on it
just being as conscious as I can't hear
and so I want to try to make it a little
further now that I have people watching
I guess
hmm get some dough
see where it can go from here
Oh
and dead alright balsamic vinegar on
eggs I have not tried that I don't
necessarily believe you mustard in
general I've I'm okay with mustard but I
mean I can understand someone not being
updated mustard like rich said it's one
of those things where you just don't
like it no one can convince you that you
like it I do so this is this is kind of
neat about the game as far as like the
fun selling points of the game so lady
Henrietta here is colorblind and so when
we play as lady Henrietta it plays in
black and white which is just a anita
little those are fun little things
all right we should unlock that
architect but I also I can develop I
don't understand what the point of the
architect is yet the architect can lock
Castle down to prevent it from changing
and I don't under necessarily get what
that does maybe we'll be able to try but
I also want some more Health blackened
in the health department is good so so
yeah now my ladies so here's here's a
lady she's got lots of lady stuff and so
I can buy this stuff from this lady and
get special bonuses like oh actually I
should have got something like this
which is the the double jump or this one
is a is a - could have been nice to have
so as we go through the castle maybe we
should just try locking it down and see
what happens
I'm crazy they'll over here is simple
like we're going to continuing it so you
can go through exactly what your
ancestors went through okay ah you want
to lock the castle and get only 60% of
the gold sure let's see what happens
now let's see what happens here so now I
won't get as many I won't get as much
gold at the end of the day but I'll have
a better idea of what's coming maybe
it's worth it maybe it's worth it
nice
ghost
I'll let you get out of here ghost
skeleton you ain't got nothing
Oh Oh but that is a so good at you I
don't get the treasure I get it I get
what's happening here
I'm understanding slowly but surely well
it's gonna kill me this time not the
tightest control we move a little much
like Castlevania move a little sluggish
that is a little upsetting like I would
like the controls to be a little bit
tighter
No okay that's mine it is just the jack
stream tonight I'm playing some heroic
legacy she asked the jack stream usually
Sunday night is just a jack stream night
and that's fine oh wow let me finish
pouring my snack here
I think that'll help I think that will
help in my rogue legacy adventures snack
I have made it to a couple of the bosses
someone asked
you
what am I talking about oh the point of
the architect is to fight the bosses oh
okay that makes sense so then I'm going
to pay make the architect to go it would
dwarf
I like the dwarfs because I think there
are some cubbies that only dwarfs can
get into let's be able to Wharf again
I can't cast spells properly no it's
fine that's fine
did I make any money I did I should buy
some ruins though I think I want to buy
that's the sprint I don't want that I
think I want the double jump yeah so now
now I can dump them do you want to lock
the castle
no yeah come on old dwarf bring it away
as a question mark one of those traits
oh well okay here we go
I'm Elena Elena cool
Lana cool
you painting
James
what
I was that might rate that I can't cut
it cast spells properly that's right
that's funny
you see down here the forever question
is are there spikes in the game and
there are spikes big damage
you can that turkey leg need that turkey
leg yo mark nice nice easy peasy easy
Peters I'm gonna easy peasy
gonna learn and easy not yet miss but
goal
not getting Moscow don't trust myself
chicken check-in on the door so you got
nothing to work
we got another despite ball
Wow
cheep-cheep more and I'm gonna be okay
with that
get out of here get out of your
fireballs darn it darn darn it darn
darn darn darn what Darien bro who
suggest any video game you want do you
know if we have it and we'll definitely
try to play it and
you know no we love we love video game
suggestions I we have some systems send
us your old games we'll play him haha
did it MIT you did not miss any Jimmy's
or jams I'm just getting started in
rogue legacy here I did announce the new
Plinkett view so if you missed that
you'll have to go back to the stream
because I won't be announcing it again I
already announced it when we first
started I announced the date and subject
of the new Lincoln review earlier in the
stream so
Mario Kart 8 online with you viewers
absolutely I love Mario Kart 8 I'm
having I'm having a lot of fun with
Mario Kart 8 and we're having some
issues with the footage that rich and I
shot of us talking about Mario Kart 8
but we're gonna go back to well we've
decided with the previously recorded is
it's not just going to be about Mario
Kart 8 because that would be a pretty
light episode and so we're gonna go back
and actually play all of the Mario Kart
iterations and see if we can just talk
about Mario Kart as a as a franchise of
peripheral vision weak muscles whew
giant hero and IBS yeah I think I want
ideas I think I want a farting hero this
is what sold me on the game is that one
of the heroes farts right proper gym
will allow you to really strengthen your
arm and butt muscles absolutely.we
when I strengthen our arm and butt
muscles we can buy any it is ladies 350
yeah that's alright that's alright
here we go well yeah definitely like
well I'll do another Mario card stream
whether it's me so much dream or whether
it's in the enriched stream will
definitely do another Mario Kart stream
and and yeah we'll figure out a way to
cuz I think I can just set that up right
where I just I play with people I know
so we'll definitely find a way to set up
a group Mario Kart stream these
paintings freaking out the most Oh
hearted fun apartment man
it's funny when they part don't think
and there's another Wiggly tunity over
here yep there we go get out here
some of the paintings wiggle that's how
you can sell their evil paintings
there we go that's not bad now no that's
okay here we go just a lot of me feels
like I'm garbage at the combat I've not
figured that out yet you know I haven't
figured out the the rhythm of this game
yet
and that is upsetting you know when when
you when you know that you should
understand it I know I went through a
big period with it spelunky where I just
felt like I was garbage I'm not getting
it and then you hit that moment when you
realized what begins Jesus
nice nice
once you start realizing fire I didn't
see that coming
we already talked about what the next
Plinkett review was I explained what the
next Plinkett review was going to be and
when it was coming out at the beginning
of this dream and if you missed that I'm
really sorry Roy did let's see here
peripheral artery disease no foot pulse
oh that's a good one that's a good one
because I can step on the spike traps
without it hurting me so we want that
age damage up yeah we want definite like
that okay I really like this little
practice dummy okay here we go going
again for rich Evan solo XCOM stream yes
there is a chance for rich Evan solo
x-country we are actually working on
setting up rich with his own streaming
he does want to do solo streams
and you know just the city was setting
it up it's a lot of there's a lot of
there is a lot of there's a lot of jams
setting up the live streaming and we are
working on that so many things top fell
right into it a breather
person is very weak I can't even beat
okay oh man
you guys this is gonna be a very short
one oh good get some golf oh that's good
okay so yeah Ritchie's gonna work on
XCOM solo stuff just solo bridge so more
stream you know what happens rich solo
screaming in general yes still have
technical issues there for you says that
rich is the most boring fucker when he
gets into games it's true and we're and
that's the other thing we're working on
is just him talking in general someone
is asking me Jack how often do you shave
or cut your hair every couple of days or
so I shave I think I've talked about
this before I go I go through the online
service Harry's harrys.com for all my
razors and they have good razors and I
really like them and great shave butter
and I will specifically shave directly
before we shoot something so even if
it's only been a day or two like where
I'd normally wouldn't shave just in
everyday life if I know we're gonna
shoot something I will have a nice clean
shaven head and beard
yes 4hf and hopi furiously macerating
the it's tough you know like actually
like talking to you guys and playing is
a difficult thing to do and it's a
learned thing so we're working on that
with rich in general but he's getting
there and yeah he's gonna learn how to
scream when you're gonna get rich solo
screams yeah we're gonna get a lot more
content as far as previously recorded is
concerned
sir gampy you this sir can be our one
and only mod sir gimpy where's your mod
sword
can you take though what what'swhat's
the neckbeard torch I don't know
well you ever stream Superman 64
absolutely absolutely let's see here
man this autogenic baldness like the
acts no traits but I like that ax the ax
is one of my one of my favorite weapons
all right I think I can get the other
ruined now I have 350 yeah and we
definitely want that - run all right so
now I can - and I can do stuff like that
double - - stay in the air for a long
time
great oh I don't have any money to give
you sons you ain't got nothing give me
that going on
give me that go no I don't want to read
the diary entry
see I guess the story of the game is we
we are the rogue and we went after I
don't know if it was stated like whether
he was a magic King or we went after the
king and the King's children are in the
castle looking for a magical MacGuffin
that will cure the king of what ails him
which in this case I just think is me
you know killing him
and so we are in a castle to try to I
don't know stop the children I don't you
know these games story story doesn't
matter so much platforming with these
little oh my god I was just about to say
platforming is really great and this is
what epic have you ever played
Battlestar Galactica the board game I
have not but I am a fan of Battlestar
Galactica and board games so it might be
something I enjoy
Jackie oh you're right that's that's a
the entirety of rich streaming Superman
64 would just be flat as but you know
there's your sword sir gimpy we found it
again
the third barf ugh but I forget he says
you're right doing the obvious the the
story is therefore for you know
flowering it doesn't really really
matter let's see here knock enemies back
chickens freak you out I'm sure that
I'll play a part in the game later and
not gonna be is back oh this is I'm
gonna choose this guy just so you can
see his trade because I think it's funny
um let's see what we can upgrade here
help up I'll be good
so this character's trait is he's stereo
blind he cannot see in 3d so watch his
character model it flips in 2d
gonna fun dad Paper Mario up in here
also I don't understand his trade at all
I should have practiced with his trade
he is like a teleporting thing we can
set up with a teleport no I don't
understand nothing
Castle forest
okay easy
nope
nope alright
also like I have levels you know like
right now I'm level 12 if you see in the
upper left-hand corner on level 12 I
have no idea what those levels of do
like I don't know if they make me
stronger or I mean I can get you items
then I would actually like to know what
the levels do if you guys know what the
levels do in general let me know like
comment subscribe and let me know what
is that black mist I don't know it's
just like a character train this these
characters take more damage buds and
have a higher chance of critical hits
and so I just think they're a spooky
character and so that black mist because
they're spookiness if you see like they
don't have a face under their helmet
it's their general spook acity
partner that's what I assumed I don't
know if it necessarily means anything no
and you're right sir JP following on
spikes is not insta death
is this game shovel knight with a sword
sword I know no it's a it's a roguelike
obviously it rogue legacy yeah it's much
much different game than shovel knight
shovel knight is just oh look shellay is
classic oh my god do you see what I'm
doing here you see what I'm doing here
messing everything up being a dingus
Jack be a big dingus hitting those
spikes like that on the side I do think
it's malarkey in general that it's
finest that spikes hurt you when you hit
there besides like that I just think
that it's generally malarkey but also
Fairey chests I don't think I can do
this I don't think I can do this hid
fairy chests as you see here I have
certain objectives you need to meet and
for this one is taking no damage and I
don't think I can get there without
hitting the spikes I have the dash and
the double jump but that would require
me to like - and then jump and you can't
do that you can it would require me to
like drop down - yeah you cannot - and
then jump oh maybe you can no you can't
I have to hit the ground first maybe
Allah
you know let's go to try I'm gonna die
anyway oh oh yeah okay
sprint aroun bracers now can I get back
that's the big question oh no okay well
I got the room so that's something
fall - jump Chiron yes I didn't know we
could do that we just learned
we just learned Thank You Rory tato
standard hero no trades
orphism you conduct electricity let's go
with the dwarfism but when I get the
Guardians shield but dwarfism let's see
what that new ruin is and check into my
equipment here gain the power to - short
distances ruins stack along multiple -
is that we need I don't have enough for
that fortunately let's see if we have
any well we can do this we have here
once I only have 170 to spend so get a
helm okay so now I do a little more
damage let's go
that's my special Jam attack the ball
what this Viking is also known as the
spiked ball
okay let's go
chicken didn't got that it's gonna be
that later
I'm trying to break his face there we go
timing alright
there we go there we go he's easy lemon
squeezy
jumps right into that
Jim right into that guy's you know why
it's because I'm a terrible at video
games you guys should know that all
right you guys should know that I'm
terrible at video games
Lodi high ball looks like a gas leak
that's a Pokemon reference pretty good
one I mean you know I do it again I do
it again guys yeah Friday was a lot of
fun I thought that was a really great
stream n64 stream definitely definitely
a strange one with with the random
bargain by games but I had a really good
time Josh had a really good time and
obviously any time we can get Josh back
I think the better I think there was a
solid hour where Josh was just talking
to one person about obscure musical
references so he had a good time
here's a little bit of that story we
were talking about it doesn't matter
take no damage oh we can do this we can
do this oh my god
oh darn it gotta go we're gonna go into
damage oh my god that sucked so when you
fail the quest you can't go back to it
that's how it works
yes Oh Behati harvest oh my god rich was
so upset he had to we we had for anyone
who wasn't there on Friday not one of
the bargain basement n64 games we had
was a game called the body harvest and
it was just the worst him who was the
ugliest game the character I don't even
think had textures on him it was two
cylinders and a rectangle and yeah the
cylinders walked it was the it was
really great and Ed wooden I agree
jesse is the best first reams Jesse's
the best in general and we're gonna we
try to get her out to more extremes but
yeah she's busy she's got she's got the
entire office to look after so we give
her her space
get out here okay why are we going for
here what are we doing what are we doing
guys
what are we doing with our lives
enjoying them
okay here we go here we go Syria where
we going I don't know nah okay
let's just go over here and see it's
over here I found a jukebox
where we can just listen to some tunes
Nawal that seems like the jam and it's
alright great
yeah Jesse is the one that sends out all
the all the stuff you know she she
fulfills all the orders she checks all
the email she she just she runs the
place and yes John Q oh you are right J
still has to play that game where it's
the end of the world and we know it
and
that's all the male stuff yet
what TV shows did I grew up with I you
know I grew up we didn't have cable I'll
tell you that we did not have cable
growing up and so it was it was just
kind of whatever was on we watched a lot
of I watched a lot of really awful
Saturday afternoon movies in Milwaukee
was channel 18 they played crazy awful
movies on Saturday afternoon so I love
that like best of the best it's kind of
movies every kill gives you manna that's
pretty nice
remember things with extreme clarity be
asked or foursome
I think we're gonna do him because he
has the stopwatch and the stopwatch
freezes time which is a really valuable
more one more upgrade our caring way
let's do that okay
yeah that's a really helpful ability all
right let's do that let's do that I grew
up on a farm I did ya know stuff like
Xena stuff like Hercules that kind of
garbage it definitely watched a ton of
that but also spent a lot of time
outside didn't get to watch that much
because you know busy going outside
which I know is a a foreign concept to
me even now like outside is the worst as
far as I'm concerned
names favorite week better I say go to
see that's the name of game y'all let's
see what I see
are you coming
yeah oh my god died so quick
thank you augmentation I'm I'm glad you
guys enjoyed this like this was
literally the last idea that we thought
would work the livestreams commutation
says he really likes them it was just
one of those things where we're looking
for a way to get out more content for
you guys we're looking for a way to
interact with you a little bit more and
I'm a fan of twitch dreams and so we
said what the fuck why not give it a try
no outside like Farmville Jackie oh
you're absolutely right
did Billy hecka who might be a new
subscriber because I don't remember that
name asks if I had a dinner bell and we
did we absolutely had a dinner bell it
was not a big triangle though like you
see in the movies
tunnel vision no peripheral vision what
is that
no I guess we'll find out it was it was
an actual bell I get anything for 310
alpha
to help up this crowd Oh does the
peripheral vision just makes the world
just makes the world tighter that's
interesting we have a dinner bell and it
was a giant fling gling gling gling Bell
because we did we spent a lot of time
outside Oh what was that something
happened
I don't know if that glitched for you
guys will see the game just kind of
glitched for me and unfroze X I'm just
gonna watch the stream here for a second
and see if you guys saw that kiran tells
me to upgrade glasses no no it doesn't
look like you guys well thank you Bill I
appreciate it hello welcome to the
stream like in the witness yeah yeah
like we just said we did haven't gonna
bill and we would we would spend our
time going outside and exploring the
woods and the farm behind the house we'd
have giant corn field behind the house
and that's that's how we would spend the
majority of our days it was it was
really nice I prefer now now I live in
the city and I definitely and perhaps
because I grew up on a farm I really
prefer living in the city mostly because
I can go places
and you know it's not a half hour drive
if we need to go to the grocery store
and I can just walk through the grocery
store and that's really nice painting
Modern Art not doing well not doing
besides are not working like I want them
to but again cool blue pen prep
blueprint to found so if you ask me a
farm versus City
I'll take city just because that's where
I live now and I really like it okay
here we go
I stew in flames
welcome will there be a previously
recorded Facebook page I don't know
that's a good question
Oh Mari Mari oh yes we played poor tag
also known as corn tag where we would go
in the corn field and back and with the
ears of corn at each other that was oh
come on come on
that was our game of tag with the ears
of corn at each other and try to peg
each other with ears of corn that was
our that was our tag because we didn't
have anything else
we had our copy of Supergirl and the
cows and chickens sure there's something
under there here painting painting it's
gotta get good guys I know I gotta get
good I gotta get that cash money
that's all I'm worrying about right now
is getting that cash money up here
what up here let's go over here
painting the painting jerk jerk jerk
jerk painting I was not prepared for a
jerk painting cash money
here we go all right good got that cash
money I'll pick two birthday voices jack
is nostalgic for corn no no I'm not I'm
a huge fan of corn but I did I did have
some good times playing corn tag
blueprint take it all right we're
starting to fun to get to some more
important jams here so this is a boss
I'm not going in there this is a
teleporter so now I can teleport back to
the beginning of the level if I want to
which I might want to I should see
what's over here
so no not not nostalgic for corn in
general generally nostalgic for outdoors
I think about that sometimes like you
know we would spend all of our time
outdoors camping doing stuff like that
and I don't I don't do any of that
anymore
I do this all right easy - hey is it
easy
so maybe getting outside would be a nice
thing it's in general and I say maybe
because like I really like the indoors
it's where the Internet is so that's
where I spend most of my time it's where
all the electricity is and man
electricity that's a great invention
I put it up there I put it right up
there like right up there with indoor
plumbing as far as inventions that I'm
really happy yeah
so much cash money guys we are gonna
upgrade the shit out of stuff so we're
gonna give our classes it's gonna be
great okay and these are oh yeah so
these are like the different almost
thing of these is different levels I'm
not going in there because they'll kill
me another teleporter
yeah so we're not gonna do that yet but
these are like they're different
oh those are the different sections the
different levels I'm not gonna do them
yet cuz I want to try to clear out
pray for assistance yes ooh
okay that did something I got a ring I
got a ring and I'm sure that does
something so I'm okay with this
we did we watch Howard the Duck and I
absolutely had the biggest crush on Lea
Thompson Tomlin Lea Tomlin Lea Thompson
we Bank definitely watched a ton of
Caroline in the city which you know
listen I'm not gonna hide for me
watching Caroline in the city
Oh No don't want to go to the land of
Darkness yet that sounds really scary I
think so we actually almost have this
whole area cleared which is very
exciting we are doing much better this
time
yes
oh there we go Oh didn't kill us
Oh money making money money making
we're doing it we're doing it
upgrade everything all the things Oh
what I used to be able to kill you in
like a one-hit spooky painting that was
the jump button by the way
shouldn't be in here
because I'm strip them and get out of
here Oh Lily Tomlin not little time 100
I'm still I'm still I've got oh no oh I
didn't know that's what that ring must
have done it wasn't given me a second
life Lady Chun we slain by the doomed
trait oh that was a good run I felt
really good about that run anything you
know it for an hour
okay we'll take a break we've been going
for an hour let me take a little break
here
well Lea Thompson started a whole new
wave of Oedipus complexes in the
eighties and nineties circuit B you're
absolutely right
anyone who sat back to the future and
had a crush on Marty McFly's mom Oh
Sephiroth it is it is only Jack the Jack
solo stream that is what's happening
tonight
lock down the castle you think I should
lock down the castle okay and well the
ring you got let's you divide it well I
know that now this is you know this is
the great thing about roguelikes is you
know think of the Great and the terrible
thing is you know you get an item and
you're not really sure what it does
until you use it and so you know I used
I used it I wasn't paying attention now
like I died and so I went to check the
chat and then I came back to life and I
didn't see that I came back to life so I
apologize Jack needs more necks
yes el night I know I'm sorry why was it
boring in bad though I was what boring
in bed rock it down then fight the
bosses I think you're absolutely right
I think you're absolutely right but
here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna take
a break I'm gonna run a commercial
really quick refill my snack and and
then we'll come back and play more role
legacy be Harvey

[Part II]
refilled my snacks we are tonight we are
drinking lakefront breweries
Wisconsinite everything from this beer
is made in Wisconsin that's nice it's a
nice light beer
what are we talking about you're a
Michigan ER
I'm Michigan air I don't know what that
means
someone wants to know if there's been
any development on the best of the worst
episode no one even dared to touch the
development is no one has attempted yet
we shot a best of the worst episode and
after filming you know watching the
movies and filming the discussion all of
us agreed that it was terrible and so we
just we threw it under the table no one
is ever going to see this episode it was
terrible and we moved on with our lives
Mike has since said that he would like
to take a stab at editing it as a
challenge as an editing challenge but
you know we get busy with other projects
so so far no one has touched it I do
think that they are going to try to
cobble something together from it but
man man it was bad
and yes buy snacks I do mean booze let
me oh there was a pic of naked Lea
Thompson that's alright I'm sure I can
find it I have the Internet April I love
you asks jack did you ever play Pokemon
tried to slash blue of course I did well
I've played all the Pokemon games
I would love Michigan beers microbrews I
think I'm actually gonna be in Michigan
in a month or so for a super-secret
thing so when I am there I will look
into Michigan to microbrews
come I get it and I know it's you know
it just might be bad it might be a
really bad episode it might be a bad
idea to make that an episode okay so I
remember that I'm supposed to lock down
the castle now I got a bunch of money so
I can upgrade some stuff let's see that
we want it who do we want to fight the
enemy here they've stayed in critical
strikes our Burien like barbarians yeah
we have our Burien to fight the monster
we can probably up our attack let's see
um
see if we can get a better weapon dude
way in Locka oh yeah and like some armor
here get some good armor a nice chest
there we go
take a look at these ruins runes see if
we have any better ones no okay so then
let's go back here and upgrade just kind
of our general attack power here tack up
absolutely we want that and our magic up
and is this so we can do one more I mean
just attack up of course all right so
now we are going to lock down a castle
unlike some more classes yeah Alan like
more classes but I'm going to fight the
boss so I wanna
the dances were Smurf says he still
wants the worst best of the worst but I
don't have to edit it so I guess that's
easy for me to say well it's like you
know it's not even it's not even about
the editing it's about the content like
if it's just a bad episode if we are
boring then it's not worth it it's not
worth putting in time because editing
these episodes takes you know a million
gazillion years not really knowing it
does it takes a couple days it takes a
couple days a couple very long days and
so you know does does might want to put
in those hours I'm not going I have a
map oh I can go right to the boss that's
right oh why am I even messing around
with these jams
and go right to the boss go to the
teleporter go right to the end boss
that's why you lock down the castle boss
location here we go
okay
Oh got a chicken I'm at full health
we're gonna fight the boss which is a
giant eyeball
Kadir what what
okay okay okay Oh spice there spice oh
my god oh my god he can hit me with his
pupil
Oh terrible terrible
terrible what just happened
I think I'm bad at this game we're gonna
try I love an axe well if scythe would
be nice a walking tank walk home on also
week I think I want this person you
can't be this guy can't well like I said
I'm no I don't believe I'm very good at
this game I have not and we want to lock
down the castle again absolutely I have
not yet figured out the flow of this
game teleport to the I monster I know
that now teleport to the I monster don't
mess around with anything else
all right I'm gonna try this I monster
one more Kadir the gatekeeper spice
I've been kidding me with the spikes
don't touch these people oh how do you
do this
how do you do this only farts can slay
an eyeball is that true
oh you just got the notification now to
it and John kilo that's really funny
Bob devil is mark go oh dude Oh an axe
that'll help critical strikes could be
good Oh upside down
look at this vertigo the entire world is
upside down I hate that so I'm not going
to do that absolutely
let's try next if I can throw an axe I
might be able to do something - tell me
I don't think I have an axe an axle
Holly I forgot to lock down the castle
you guys you guys are gonna be so mad at
me you guys are gonna be so mad at me in
like two seconds when you see this I'm
about to watch this happened on the
stream right now where I forget to lock
down the castle ready
he comes here comes all of your comments
forgot to lock it forgot the like oh my
god I'm so sorry I'm so sorry everybody
I am new to this game keep that in mind
I've been playing
I've been playing on my Vita for a
little bit now and I also have it here
on Steam and I was hoping to play
tonight actually just to kind of help me
a little bit because like I mentioned
earlier I feel like I don't have feel
like I don't get this game yet you know
I don't get that how the combat is
supposed to work none of it feels love
it feels great to me it feels great it's
critical like that you know like
especially with action games it's just
supposed to be very natural and I know
like like 'hey i'm gonna keep comparing
this to spelunky because I think it's an
apps comparison it also took me a while
it took me a while to internalize all of
the controls and get that muscle memory
down and just figure out what the game's
rhythm
figure out what the game's rhythm is all
about the rhythm is gonna get you guys I
don't know any of this I'm here to give
you a chance a lifetime 25% of your
curves or colds will give you a chance
to open one three desks one chest will
triple what you paid but the other two
are empty and I show us give a try okay
first one in the box nothing oh oh oh
nice UHF reference that's fun man right
there that right there is kind of fun
use your brain muscles I can't I can't
use my brain vessels big thing is
learning enemy patterns yes I creamed I
agree I agree
learning enemy patterns just learning
what to do in all of these different
situations and that's just gonna take
time and I I'm ready to put in some
hours
we have the rogue legacy
but right now I definitely don't have it
is a black chicken as you can tell as
you can tell I just don't quite have it
yet
yep yep muscle memory
all about
favorite material for pants you know
cotton anything cotton I watch speedruns
on YouTube speed runs of this game I'm
sure and quite sure
ADHD means you move really fast you
conduct electricity really well I can do
I'm sure that will come in handy later
anything far away is blurry and you have
trouble remembering where you are well
we don't want that let's be really fast
73 40 don't have enough for that for 73
88 to 60 map name she's fast - is really
fun I saw someone to come and say that
Zelda choose underrated
you know perhaps I
I would definitely be interested in
playing Zelda too as an adult and as a
as now you know I played it as a kid of
course not it sucked because it wasn't
Zelda but I wasn't very interested in
playing it now that I understand how
games work in general
nice nice gold
place main each a stage this Valentine
suits over here
goals is always good seem to be killing
people better like a chicken leg I can
request a chicken leg I think I would be
happy
No
shewag
got a chicken leg yo thank you okay
found the boss again that's good you
like don't want to fight the boss head
you know it's crap first that's
important that's important
Starbound I don't know if I played
starbomb I guess I can't be I don't
believe you that zelda 2 was designed by
Albert Einstein I'm just gonna go out
and say that
I'd love to Castlevania too as well
sequel itis question mark I don't know
what that question is I like the sequel
itis series I don't know if you guys
have seen it but you guys should
definitely watch the sequel itis series
really fun bit of
the Zelda 2 is designed by the USSR to
undermine the morale of children that's
hilarious
I will not forget to like the castle I
swear all states are great someone asked
me jack what movies are must-see in your
opinion there are so many there are so
many must-see movies oh there's my sword
- who do I hit people with my sword
my god
getting out of here I'm gonna try to
kill them from afar get out of here get
out of here
no okay
like Planck papers please oh my god that
would be that would be amazing mic
playing papers please for the first time
we're gonna say movies that you need to
see so many Rocky I saw someone
mentioned rocky for earlier everyone
should see Rocky
everyone should see predator if you have
not seen predator see predator to create
movie I will remember to lock the castle
this time what do I want here knives
disc likes ladies there was no pain sure
knows no pain means that I can't see oh
here I can upgrade some stuff here get
some new glasses and I have a mage
transform your measly mages into
Archmage's master of all the arcane arts
change whatever spells you have on the
fly that's really nice
and convert your barbarians into
barbarian Kings learn the secret shouts
of the Bears and shouted at things until
they explode that's great great so
remember my barbarian can now power us
do but if you notice in the top left
corner
art lock the castle well hog the castle
confirm it block it we're gonna try to
beat this big boss do we know where it
is
you know like I don't know a pathetic
one says that he thinks that the Karate
Kid is a must-see I you know I like The
Karate Kid but I don't know if it's a
must-see like I don't know if it's up
there as far as classics are concerned
and it's like it all depends néstor
can't be fuck you Mac and me Howard the
Duck tremors two ghosts come on come on
like it all depends on what you're
looking for if you're just looking to
have a good time there are movies to see
but if you're looking to study film
there are other movies to see who also
Kieran mentions two best friends play
someone just pointed me to their stuff
recently and that seems like something
that rich and I have been talking about
a lot about Let's Plays and I am in
general I think I've talked about this a
million times I'm in general against
Let's Plays because I'm an editor and I
don't think that they involve much
editing and so I mean I'm Jane in
general against them but someone just
today pointed me to two best friends
play which is just let's play material
but with just two the edited funny bits
to it and and that seems like something
that I would really enjoy doing and so
rich and I have been talking about
adding that to the
prereq YouTube channel is some sort of
edited let's play like two best friends
play because that seemed that seemed
like a nice balance where edited
material but also easy to produce
Thanks
I have no idea how you're supposed to
defeat this guy I'm supposed to dodge
all everything
yep okay
oh here and you were the said guy on
Twitter great thank you thank you for
telling me about that I really enjoyed
it I watch a couple of their videos and
that seemed like like the way to go
let's see here
what so you're ripping them off well I
mean I I will be taking their style
elements of an edited let's play and
using it towards prereq where it's rich
and I someone says jack opinion on Mel
Brooks he's very funny
Mel Burke's is very funny but don't ever
listen to any of his commentary tracks
I made the mistake once of listening to
the Mel Brooks commentary track on
Spaceballs and it was the most tedious
thing I've ever listened to all he did
was he he told you that joke I was about
to happen after the joke happened he
said that was a funny joke
that was his entire commentary for the
Spaceballs DVD
I'm very clean I can do foods around
dude I don't care about that spell cycle
yes you want to do that walking tank you
want to do it we'll try the Archmage
against the big boss I will remember to
lock down the castle we're gonna try to
take on this big boss
what is your favorite Mel Brooks movie I
mean
Spaceballs is great Blazing Saddles is
beyond brilliant
I don't think Young Frankenstein gets as
much love as it deserves look because it
serves a lot of love I mean yeah
Dracula did loving it of course is you
know the best Mel Brooks movie because
it's a meta commentary on that box
perfect it's a complete joke please
don't watch jocular didn't loving it you
will not have a good time at all
a Bock right away a pathetic one says
monster squad or Goonies Goonies of
course monster squad is bad monster
squad is I mean Monster Squad is is a
funny is is the best premise of any
movie ever and it's completely wasted
it's a disobeyed bad movie
Young Frankenstein is great Robin Hood
men in tights you know like that's fine
that's fine late Mel Brooks Dracula then
loving this really is really bad it has
bad jokes
what monster squad rules no no I thought
it was really bad I thought I thought it
was almost the best of the worst
material monster squad it was it was so
terrible dad
like that alright let's try this lady
and we can't knock me back and I'm
talented but have a few issues let's try
this remember to lock down the castle
blank remember in Monster Squad like so
month if anyone heard those who don't
know is what I guess I was a monster
squad is about a all of the old
Universal Monsters Dracula
Frankenstein's monster The Mummy attack
a small town and a group of kids tries
to fight them which sounds like a great
oh the werewolf is there too and so that
sounds like a really great premise but
the movie is really terrible terrible
and hackneyed and half of the movie all
of a sudden turns into a buddy cop movie
about one of the kids dad as a cop and
like he has all these like buddy cop
moments it's really really strange but a
really great premise so what just one of
those things with just one of those
things stop making sense
EKOS best concert movie ever made might
might be Wolfman it's Tim plays wolf
man's got nerds that's a line that's a
line in the movie also in Monster Squad
Dracula picks up a little girl by the
neck and calls her a bitch so you know
it's got that going for it
it's not very good it's it's cute before
being like a goon for being an attempted
Goonies clone with a really great
premise it's cute but it's not good
epithet iguanas absolutely correct when
you're nine monster squad is great
oh my god going the other way now
get out of here with your jams
and losing
there we go here we go
oh my god okay I can do this I can do
this I can do this oh so close that time
so Evan close uh darn darn darn darn
like that axe I want that axe so we're
gonna try a lady Antoinette to the
second remember to lock down the castle
I will we're gonna do this guy's we
aren't going to do this why don't you
Kate could I will work on getting good
I'm gonna be this boss this is what is
going to happen I have the ax I have 120
alpha I'm going to beat this boss I'm
getting it I don't know like I have it
we're gonna be designed almost there
full body third says bah XCOM because of
the stream that game is the shit so much
fun rich Evans is a genius that is true
that is all true I did really enjoy
ex-cop my you know rich got a little
backseat gave me with me but I did I
still enjoy it all and we will be doing
more XCOM a Streamy stuff
now if I can if I could avoid like one
fucking thing here there we go I know
I'd be a bad attack
now being good
we can do this guy's what oh let's see
here
guardian shield oh here we go axe fell
cycle fuck home was dark house breaks
that's right okay yeah
we can do this we can do this we can do
this should have played that cougar you
know I don't necessarily get this game
locked the castle will go to the boss we
are gonna defeat this boss within the
hour
that's what I was saying that's what I'm
going to say I'm gonna defeat this boss
I'm learning I'm learning as we go I got
my axe
here we go really it was another try
I know mages have Shay to be fun
I want the axe and really I should be
avoiding these things anyway so it's
gonna teach me how to better avoid hope
it's going the other way this thing go
away this time
oops down go down go down
that okay well that's you know what
that's them then that's fine
bye sir JP thank you for coming up sir
gonna be our one and only modest I think
even if we get more mobs I will refer to
certain P as our one and only mod okay
we need Archmage no standard hero on
stats but Lana can dad'll and
devastating critical strikes no we need
we need to someone bulk here lock the
castle 160 health just going back in
lock the castle we can do this
alright here we go here we go here we go
here we go here we go
going for it again do it again you can
do this Jack you only need to play good
I know but you guys know that I'm
terrible at video games this is the
thing about me and video games I'm
really bad at them
oh okay
oh my god
oh my god so terrible
oh my god I thought I had that one I
thought I had that one
oh that's what I was reading house
forgetting my flim-flam and my Jim Jim
coming to America is great I have a -
Arun I have a - Arun does a - Roone
protect me from getting hit by stuff
that's my question
I don't believe it does see I have the -
watch the castle
I'll remember this we are going to do
this and it's gonna be great
I will not use gold pine resin okay here
we go here we go here we go here we go
just keep going at it keep going at it
I'm not I'm not gonna pay attention
anything else
let's do this guy an eyeball ain't
nothin Kadir
no the other way the other way
Oh oh my god that was nursing
other way
I didn't see the curve in time I didn't
see the curve in time fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck
we're gonna get there we're gonna get
there we're gonna we're gonna be okay
I'm gonna beat this eyeball I knit this
is my only goal in life
a variant king walking tank we need that
I need to I need all the hits I can take
lock down the castle lock it down
let's defeat an eyeball well let's do
this together maybe nothing but focus
here nut just concentration focus and I
hear do I need a sip a beer it's getting
a little warm in here that's my problem
solver
good ear micro silence a second super
concentrate
I've actually never had this class
before that takes knock-back damage from
these things and that really sucks
and spikes types types
Oh down down down
no I was saying I'm working on winning
the game oh yeah yeah we're gonna get
there Jack put your glasses on the eye
oh my god I haven't been wearing my
glasses this whole time
thank you for that dances with the
Smurfs there's a marvel what if Jack was
swinging his sword the right way
paladin Archmage no peripheral vision
here the Rings we're going till we meet
the eye lock down again or beaten that
motherfucking eye we're doing it beating
that I until I give up
that's great whole thing I crazy fat
Athlon is Jack who owns the rlm firearms
I guess that would be me when you hear
him ready to attack you need to drop to
the floor says mokey b85 does he have
audio cues maybe I haven't been
listening to the audio cues
all right I'm going silent
fucking did it oh that feels good that
feels very nice
Poole yes that is very nice
also the eyeball does have audio cues
and didn't have my headphones fully on
oh that's that is a load up I was really
worried that I was going to fail for the
entire stream and you know hang my head
in shame forever and ever but we did it
everything's gonna be fine everything's
fine here how are you
of course gonna die from a fucking
painting now get out here oh yeah next
you want to go right to the forest
Kieran says
forest is the next level I think I'm
just gonna concentrate on getting some
jams for the moment not dying
yeah I find it'll help there we go nice
go old heat some gold just like gold
doesn't really matter because jammer
Mick jammer making the guy is going to
be taking most of that
nope - trite into them yes thank you
mochi for telling me that there were
audio cues
the force is the next easiest air but
I should probably should probably grind
a little bit dwarfism paladin gigantism
knave a spell caster muscle wheat we
don't want that
let's take it to war everybody likes
dwarf alright upgrade some some Shania's
here let's see what we got in our armory
Department not my terrible amount are
these guys this is my magic sure
something let's see if we have any more
ruins or ins I just have another -
nothing good nothing good alright so
what do we have here unlock shinobi the
fleetest of Fighters that seems pretty
awesome a mock miner raise your family
fortune let's go is shinobi I mean cuz
it's a ninja super fast super deadly
warrior we're just super head head if
they can't take a lot of hits but they
can dish out the paint believe it well
then I'm just super fucked crit chance
up oh that's really nice
all right how to barter let's see here I
have three twenty what can i buy can i
buy anything can i buy anything for
three twenty no no you don't have any
jams neither do you know what was your
thing what was your other - thing - no
all right so I guess I'm just losing
that 320 that's fine John Franklin
alright let's go
I have the upgraded chest plates but
agenda check what is their preferred
hair color on women my whiteness
whatever my wife's hair color is that is
my preferred hair color in women which
I'm sure is a very bad answer but not
for me Oh
you know hair color actually I don't
think matters that much as far as women
are concerned
their color is something that can be
changed so why bother yourself with that
superficial these superficial parts of a
lady just that find a lady she likes
find it ladies get spend some time with
it
who's in the other room playing Mario
Kart I'm the lady who do you have some
interest in and has some interest in you
do I kick ass at Ft hours it's just rich
rich or really kicks ass at FTL and I'm
hoping to play it tonight I also um oh
yeah we want to do this in the box
nothing oh so stupid rich really kicks
ass at if you and I'm actually thinking
about not playing FTL and playing
gunpoint instead Oh
nope alright for better but way we'll
see oh my god
terrible dying all the time and then all
right
kirtan says I like non natural hair
colors for late hair but I'm a hipster
d-bag you know and Mario Mario says that
currently there is no girl in his living
room playing Mario card you got to find
that girl gotta find that girl to be in
your living room and buy bar cart
oh okay o our first shinobi class well
we got to try out a shinobi got to try
out a shinobi class ooh all right let's
go
yeah well I mean I can give them FT I'll
try I will
I like FTL and I'm not too bad I might
plant easy just just because I'm not I'm
not as good as rich rich these are
really good at FTL
okay so not to agree with this you know
we
that was very nice to have all those
dealings open
oh my god this shinobi character is so
oh my god it's so fast footed blue blood
cape I have that unlost in my other game
and what Kate has vampirism which means
I get a little bit of help for every
kill oh my god spikes oh gee jeepers
creepers guys okay yes I will okay it
seems like people want to want me to
play up to you and I will be doing that
I'm gonna give this one more life and
then then we're gonna take a little
break and then I'll come back and play
some FTL okay let's see what we have
here sir Wallace gigantism that's always
nice let's have a giant let's have a
giant lady here but I get it I didn't
get anything
and 300 goals will not buy me anything
yeah I have the good chest plate all
right oh yeah I have a good chest plate
already
oh oh is our blood cake what cake what
cake lucky how much for the blood cake
500 for the blood game
okay we need at least $500 that's our
goal
all right let's go
I love it when it dies
get out of here with that that she's
this is like I can just hacking it up
probably can't do that yet backing it up
no not quite all those guys
okay
graceful if there's one word that I
would say describe to me very well
oh okay we're gonna figure that we're
gonna figure that teabag out of your
eyeball - I've got two out left how long
we're gonna separate bets how am I gonna
last
my guess is not very long if there we go
don't think getting friends to watch my
career reviews is hard and it's hard to
sell other our stuff yeah that's that's
probably true you know it's for most of
what we do you have to be a movie person
you know you have to you have to be a
movie person to really especially like
stuff like best of the worst one only
movie people are into bad movies you
know blink it is one of those things
that's kind of more a little more
Universal infotainment if you will one
dollar
okay guys Jack interested in playing
more binding of issac all the fucking
time I just don't want you guys to get
sick of binding of issac so I'm not
gonna play it tonight I'm gonna take a
little break I'm gonna run a commercial
and then we'll come back and we will try
to two-way net sum FTL so be Rebecca

[Part III]
I think I need to quit now and play it
again I'm gonna get it for you guys I
swear that's where the feed is coming
and it's gonna be a little tricky for a
second there we go this is what I want
alright so now we need to take this and
go properties and say FTL and say okay
go back to FTL there you go now you can
see the glory that is keep screen
setting yes the glory that is FTL oh man
hey bazooka thanks for coming out I
appreciate it
Well I'm just gonna make sure that this
shows up on the stream real quick there
it is okay great alright new game
oh no this doesn't have any of my what
why doesn't this have my my save on it
oh well I guess we're starting over from
scratch this does not have my Steam save
on it so we're just starting over well
let's just try a normal run then oh fuck
it
ah this is awful I had a whole bunch of
ships unlocked Jack will you describe
every mechanic in this game and great
detail for any newcomer to this game PI
460 I'm pretty sure that's sarcasm but I
will try anyway first thing we should do
though is we can rename our crew members
so Mario Mario is the first subscriber
that I see dick the birthday boy of
course
koosy d the bday boy I see I see you and
O Kiran
of course Kiran who had me watch two
best friends play k yr e n n hey why are
you and then there we go
name them all Jim I will next time when
I get more crewmembers I will just name
them after subscribers and and that's
how it's gonna work so these are
literally just the first pizza rolls
that I saw we're going to advance
edition content is enabled we're gonna
try a normal run and I only get one ship
because apparently this doesn't have any
my safe so the way this works is really
easy the data you carry is vital for to
the remaining Federation fleet you'll
need supplies for your journey so make
sure to explore each section before
moving on to the next but get to the
exit before the pursuing rebel fleet can
catch up tip choices results of most
choices have multiple outcomes so you
can never be sure what will happen so
basically as you see here we have a
captain we have someone in the weapons
room we have someone in the engineering
room we fly around space collect
resources and fight battles it is
the best and we have all these little
systems and you press you know all these
little system management malarkey
shenanigans and isms let's go let's get
out of here can we jump already why
can't we jump
Oh cuz it's paused I'm so good at this
game okay let's jump so here's a
distress signal we can fly to all these
beacons and these are all points that we
can fly to it eventually you'll see the
ripple fleet is following us and we need
to make our way to the exit but we need
to hit as many of these dots as we can
but before we go to the exit so let's
start here my plan is to kind of do this
and work our way down so I'll go here
first and we'll see if we get anything
awesome oh man if I could do the audio
book for wool that would make my day
wool is a great great book you detect a
rebel Scout on the attack on the attack
approach to a small refueling outpost
their weapons are charged but they're
not firing yet so now we get to choose
do we intervene and defend the outpost
or probably the conflict we
motherfucking intervene so the great
thing about this game is you can pause
it at any time and freeze time and
really think about your decisions I can
see that they have a couple of weapons
right here and right here I can see
their rooms so they have a weapon room
engine room shield room oxygen room this
is a cloning bay and this is their
piloting room so the very first thing
I'm going to do is take my Artemis laser
here and/or my Artemis missile and fire
it at their shields
and try to take down their shields and
we're gonna see what happens
okay who's fired on us you ain't got
nothing shields are down so now I can
take my first laser fired at their
weapons boom and guess what now they
can't do shit so now I'm not even gonna
worry about my Artemis anymore because
you have up here you see you have a
limited number of missiles boom this is
gonna be a nice easy victory they got
noise shields they got no weapons so now
we just need to make sure that they can
to run away so I'm gonna take out their
engines boom and we win
everything's great so every time you win
you get certain things this is fuel we
got to fuel we got to drawing parts and
we got 14 scrap and scrap is like the
money of this universe and because we
saved the outpost whoo outpost we get
more fuel than North Grafton hooray for
everything also later on you can move
your guys to different rooms and we'll
get their love for now we're gonna keep
them all oh I think david deida bjboys
name isn't showing up because there
isn't enough space sorry D to be de boi
so let's jump to our next thing let's go
let's hit this distress signal and see
what's going on over there
alright you arrive at the distress
beacon near a small asteroid belt and
find a ship with a pirate marketing
potentially cracked crushed between two
large rocks it must have been illegally
mining the belt without proper equipment
one try to dislodge the ship by shooting
at the rocks to destroy and loot the
ship they're just pirates so you know we
get some moral choices and I'm gonna go
hardcore here and destroy and loot the
ship fuck pirates
all right here it is see this red line
right here this is the rebel fleet and
if we ever are on this side of this red
line it's a pain-in-the-ass fight and so
we don't ever want to be that here's
another distress signal let's go there
you have encountered a refugee shipped
ship drifting in space it looks as if it
was fleeing the rebel advance and ran
out of fuel
it's distress beacon is active but
you're not sure anyone is on board
let's hail them the vessel is relieved
to hear from you they are running low on
supplies they suggest a trade they will
give me for fuel if I give them three
missiles I I'd want to do this because
fuel later on in the game fuel is very
important to have so I can deal with
lack of missiles for now so I think my
plan is gonna be to go here here here
here here here to the exit I went out
I'm gonna tempt fate here I try to stick
to Oh actually I just realized was
something I should do I should update
the broadcast VTOL
you don't
eat oh yeah
master that might update great just in
case anyone that's paying attention to
this dream now is updated okay you will
come across a space station under
construction you receive a message from
the air command tower greetings we
recently lost contact with a cargo ship
that was set to deliver more
construction materials could you help us
figure out what happened to them
sure I'll offer some help I've added a
marketer their last known coordinates so
I get some fuel and I get some missiles
just for saying I'll help I don't
actually have to help but yeah I could
probably do that all right let's get the
F out of here before that red line gets
any closer you stumble across a foreign
scout of the rebel fleet they are
powering up their FTL if they get away
they will no doubt warn the fleet of
your position okay shit is getting real
so I need to wait for my weapons to
charge up here it was the Artemis
there's first lasers so we're gonna take
out their shield and then the first
thing I'm going to do is take out their
engine because I don't want them to run
away
there we go so now I'm gonna cool it
with the missiles because their shield
and their engine is down now I'm gonna
concentrate on their weapons all they
ain't got nothing you know they ain't
got nothing on don't prepare Gummer
perdón perdón bear boom these bees why
is Jack so dashing I don't know let's
get the FTL out of here
that's it okay their ship four breaks
apart and you are relieved to know that
you're still one step ahead of the fleet
oh we got some fuel we got a missile we
get some scrap and we get reconstructive
teleport let's find out what that is
entire augments here oh that is an
amazing augment any time we teleport the
crew they get fully healed I will I love
that so now we have some scrap distress
quest one of these spots will be a store
that we can use our scrap to buy some
shit or else we can upgrade here which I
might want to do upgrade the shield
system or I Fairley's give me another
power bar here so I can upgrade our our
engine here
let's let's play a little dangerous here
here
once you arrive your screen lights up
with warnings a nearby pirate seems to
have advanced hacking tools and they
have tried to shut down your engines the
crew manages to keep them barely
operational and you move in to attack oh
good thing we bought that extra engine
thing hells bells let's let's Artemis
their shields oh but that won't do
nothing because they have their special
newfangled when they have that green
shield it's like a bonus shield oh fuck
so we have a fire here I paused it which
is the great thing you have a fire which
is obviously no good I could send a guy
in to get in their way
okay I gotta send him I gotta get it
okay you go take care of that fire
so I regular click on him and left click
on the area I want him to go
I Artemis the shields and burst laser
the weapons there we go
easy peas this isn't working so here's
our other tactic for putting out fires
is you can actually open up the doors to
space and take all the oxygen out of
that room and then I'll do a really good
job of putting out the fires alright
don't want to waste missiles all I have
a limited number of missiles so we have
our burst system here what should we do
good got it
plug in got him I close all doors get
the acts are gonna flown back in here
and we're doing it they have a Zoltan
azole Ron shield DAC is gonna do him a
check is gonna do it's true I know my
could turn off the medbay power
I suppose I should have waited I mean
you're probably right this is why I
don't do that well all the time but I
say fuck it we get you we got to get in
there that's the real thing gotta get in
there all right let's get in there need
the BJP bday okay well you know what
there's B there is I need a name here
because I didn't have a name and that
but really bothered me all right
the stress someone might need help we're
here to help you guys you've encountered
a refugee ship drifting in space it
looks as if it was fleeing the rebel
advances let's while in Salem a slug
ship jumps into the system it was
hunting the refugee ship for sport and
now they found you instead well thug
with a they have an ion cannon and a
laser so they might be able to fuck up
our shit let's see if we can just burst
laser them if we burst laser their
weapons we might be able to yeah there
we go you ain't got nothing slugs I
don't want to waste missiles missiles
are valuable resource
there we go shields down weapons are
down so now we can really fuck with them
because they're not gonna hit us and
with it looks like I have a fire going
too so I'm gonna fuck with their oxygen
and let's just see if we can kill them
dare hold on I think if I go in here I
can see inside the ship yeah so now they
don't have any oxygen and they are
slowly dying and I don't have a med bay
either so yeah I know get shields up do
it just see if we can fuck with them for
a little bit and like deplete them of
oxygen this is a elite strategy because
if you um oh I guess that's the other
thing is if you can kill the crew
without destroying the ship you get a
greater scrapple reward and because I
have their oxygen turned off I actually
might be able to kill them unless he
goes in there they have both of their
weapons up now yeah fucking oh and I
missed it might actually get me
area all right well fuck it
the refugee ship claims this love
they've been hounding them since they
left their homeworld as a gesture of
goodwill and seeing how effectively
dispatch the enemy ship they offer up
what supplies they can great so we got
some shit let's fix our ship that was
kind of a dumb move I should have just
killed them right away but sometimes
it's fun to do the metagame
what's a good question the Christmas
vacation to have said what oh I missed
the question guys I'm very sorry I did
it I got greedy I don't care I don't
care that I got greedy
I wanted that scrappy oh there's the
store so the question is kind of go here
here here here yeah I can totally do
that let's see if we can get some more
scrap and get to that store got to
attack the automated ship fucking
hacking just gotta get that wolf fuck go
get that out of here
I'd fix our accident number one most
important this purple thing here is a is
a new thing it's a hacking and kind of
renders our pilot useless I don't want
to use missiles just yet and I don't
think I have to they're gonna take care
of their hacking at least and the
weapons are down this is an automated
ship so there's no one on board to fix
it so I can just kind of chip away here
which is very nice it does fix itself
automatically but very slowly let's get
our guy back here where he belongs there
we go
easy peasy y'all easy peasy
your map has been updated with details
of the surrounding area and we get some
scrap that's great and it's great how's
everyone doing on health good the
possible ship possible ship and a nebula
here will make fleet pursuit slower but
will disrupt your sensors I want to do
that so I want to go here to make the
fleet's
slower then I can go to the store go to
the quest and right to the exit that is
going to be my plan oh and yes this
absolutely has a sweet soundtrack
I hope you all can hear it a black
market weapons trader spins you a tale
of the dangers of the nebula before
pushing its wares purchase an unknown
weapon 445 scrap roof this is a good
question here
purchase don't do it attack get the
undoing weapon see listen to you guys do
it do it do it purchase purchase okay I
see enough purchases I'm gonna purchase
it Oh Hermes missile I don't care about
the Hermes missile ah damn it
well let's see I can always sell it at
the store
let's see what we got here
who the flak cannon love the flak cannon
and a crew member what kind of cell that
sheet for excel at 4:20 to sell you for
19 I think I want to do that I want to
sell or me to sell my Artemis buy the
flak cannon absolutely flat cannon is a
great weapon and oh I wish I had enough
for enough for a guy but I don't and I
have plenty of fuel and I want that
teleporter for later so I'm gonna hold
on to my reconstructive teleporter even
though I could get rid of it now and get
a guy but I think I'm good I think I'm
good close all right so now what do I
need flak cannon needs to so I need one
more Madhu ger in my weapons and I get
you know
I should pay more attention to that I
still have a store right here do I need
now that's the question is do I need to
sell or can I can I beat someone with
just a laser this is the question can I
beat someone with just a laser we're
gonna go for it we're gonna go to that
quest we're gonna we're gonna try to do
something really stupid you find the
missing cargo ship floating near the
beacon thank heavens we've been drifting
here after using the last of our fuel to
escape a pirate raid they want for fuel
I have 23 I have a lot of fuel let's
give it to him sure excellent so now
that will give me enough to buy another
weapon slot which means if I take away
the Health Bay I have both the flat
cannon and the burst laser - incredibly
powerful weapon said yes yes
yes why is the teleporter overpowered
it's not overpowered teleporter is great
because you can send your guys to the
other ship and kill the other crew so
you can get a greater scrap reward I
don't think it's overpowered I think
it's really balanced because there's a
great risk and sending your guys to the
airship well that was a worthless Triana
all right here we go
all right long reign be hidden from it
all right well shit all right nothing
nothing
ng controlled or uncharted and M pilla
well let's go ng control I really
dislike the nebulas they mess with all
your shit alright let's do this you do
nothing from there here so let's go here
alright here we go
we're doing it we're getting in there
the ng are awaiting you at the begin
with their weapons online they explain a
computer virus that is wanted for
hostile acts against the ng multiple
counts of binary scrambling nano this is
a board your vessel they insist they
must destroy your ship to prevent the
virus from escaping hold on let's try to
purge the system code oh wow
shit now a lot of shields and the ng are
attacking well fuck fuck okay black is
online first laser in online so flak
what are we gonna fight flak the shields
as soon as their shields are down
we flak their weapons are we lazer their
weapons there we go okay that's
something that's something fucking out
doesn't matter that our shields are head
they're down
Oh Diane is off the fuck you
humming this is a dumb battle don't have
shields come on get on get on get on
line
okay flak flak your shields good laser
excellent excellent
this pausing is really important in this
game and for actually for the longest
time I did not know you could pause but
pausing is really great for timing so
you know we flak their shields and as
the second their shields come down we
hit their weapons and that did nothing
because I didn't fly your shields good
enough fucking hell I relax online and
alright flak for shields there we go
one more hit one more hitting her down
we got this we got this flak is online
personalized open
yes we got it we fucking got it we got
it
with the ship destroyed you detect that
the virus has abandoned your ship and
disappeared somewhere within the system
of the wreckage
it will likely in fact whatever India
patches and passes next body your
mission is too vital to risk reinfecting
by stopping it that's true all right we
got some scrap get our motherfuckin
shields back online err except shields I
need and we need some more crew members
this is the real thing we need some crew
members in here to fix our ship area get
back in your weapons Bay now all of your
people by the way the more the longer
they're in their rooms the more
experience they gain and so Kiran is our
weapons guy as you see there they're
gaining experience and so it's it's
vital to keep them in their rooms the
longest amount of time oh we got some
stories but we don't have any much scrap
so we don't want to go to the stores
yeah let's see if we can hit some of
these outlaying ones before we hit a
store
prepare your shield deal I did yo you
pick up a distress call from a civilian
ship we're being chased by a mantis
gotta aid the civilian here we go here
we go I got this
mantis mantis ain't nothin I got this
black bursts Evanson black we're gonna
do the same thing flag for shields laser
their weapons boom and they've
officially got nothing
black is one of the greatest weapons
ever boom seems the crew did not survive
this all that you take what you can
great I love those missions because that
means double scrap bonus y'all angel
what did he done do a Paragon makes a
good point like they only the people in
their rooms only gain experience when
they do something and so for example
your weapons person will only gain
experience when they fire a weapon and
hit someone your engine's person will
only gain experience if you can dodge an
attack same with your piloting person so
it was an oversimplification of me to
say the longer they're in the room like
you can't just leave them in the room
and have them do nothing they have to do
something in their room to gain
experience but the overall lesson of
keeping them in the same room at their
computer desk for long periods of time
okay I think what I'm gonna do here is
I'm gonna hit this on visit oh I can do
even that well I'm gonna hit this on
visited location first I want to hit
these stores as late as I possibly can
to get this scrap number up as high as I
can you are immediately contacted by a
settlement hello travelers your ship
seems to be outfitted for combat to care
to take up a bit of a mercenary work
some of our friends have taken to piracy
in the recent chaos of the war we'd like
you to convince them of their poor
decision by severely damaging their ship
we'll pay you as long as you don't kill
them all sure just be sure not to blow
them up
all right well sure what the fuck we'll
see if we can do this they have a flat
cannon and a laser as well but I think
we have better laser than they have
prepare those weapons Oh Oh
that's devastating - maybe I need to
rethink my maybe I need to rethink my my
strategy and hit him with a laser first
in the flak cannons second that seems to
work really well let's let's give that a
try
okay first laser first and we'll hit
their oxygen from that will fuck them up
it has seemed to do pretty well hey they
hail your ship saying you win we're not
cut out for this yeah let's let them win
pirates dissuaded from their career path
you return to the settlement thank you
Oh a twenty seven scrap and a whole beam
nice nice
that's pretty great that's pretty great
Hall right there all right I'm gonna hit
up this door now before I regret it you
scrap ours our weapons for you what oh
okay oh great okay Oh double flag Canada
two of all flak cannon could you imagine
the hell we would raise if we had a
devil flag
an iron blast
sell the whole beam for 35 to flagons we
could really you never go double flat
handed what are you talking about I mean
oh I'm definitely gonna get his old on
curve by the way you should know that
Zoltan crew see these green guys they
give you a free a free green point for
having them in a room so I'm definitely
gonna get his old on crew let's see here
crema D or Scott neither of them have
any skills so I'm gonna get Scott
definitely so that's out of the way
definitely getting his all-time career
sell the haul be manned by a crew member
go full retard Anna good to go flat
cannon it's like an ion blast would be
really nice too
yeah I definitely don't need the whole
beam I definitely agree with that
all right let's fix some I want to save
some of these jams I want to see if I
can get a another shield boost but at
least get us back into the green there
we go
let's see what we can do to the ship
here what do we need for shield twenty
thirty so we need 50
and to bars I definitely don't have
enough for that I could just uh power
evade I could up some of this Jam
I could do that just uh power up our
auto evading up our doors all right you
get into shields that's what you're
gonna do and octo J octo J you are the
first subscriber who I saw octo je Dunn
octo J is our new shields coordinator
really happy to have him know do Aflac
it's this Margaret I did I didn't need
it like I will destroy so many ships
just having the laser and the flak that
I didn't need it that was right do Aflac
would have been overkill
all right no use in going to the store
because I don't have any scrap here we
go let's see what we can do even though
each individual ng is made up of
trillions of nanomachines their culture
still revolves around traditional social
interactions a nearby station seems to
be constructed for entertainment of
passing into travelers oh that's it
there's no
octo J yes you are in charge of the
shield do you have a heavy you have a
burden of responsibility on you just
heal up Kiran there we go
Karen gets over here now
let's uh save current career positions
okay all right let's go to this distress
and see if we can help some
motherfuckers out
hey you motherfuckers you arrived at a
distress beacon near a small asteroid
belt and find a ship with a pirate
markings partially crushed between two
large rocks it must have been illegally
mining guess what we're destroying your
ass all right well you guys are flogged
so now we're gonna try our new we're
gonna try their strategy of burst lasers
first and then flacking so that's his
first laser and then flak and see if
that yields yeah I wasn't thrilled with
that I'll be honest with ya so he's not
thrilled with that
still got weapons I did a number on our
ship though I'll tell you what nope
you're gonna die
well I've fucked up our hull something
mighty well Oh for anyone who doesn't
know once all these colored bars go down
you're fucked
the game's over I'm going to take my
Zoltan here and have my Zoltan repair
everything because you get much like
leveling up everything else you can
level up your repair efficiency your
repair speed and so I like to just
choose one person and that that will be
our super repairer
and I would like that person to be in
shields so let's get our medbay on here
this is the kind of thing resource
management took one away for engines to
power our med base so I can heal our
result on friend
after he repairs our doors all right
heal up everyone else seems to be doing
good octo Jay master of shields April I
love you says where does my $4.99 go if
I subscribe it goes right here it goes
to the stream it goes to previously
recorded you know we will take that
money we'll spend it on games we'll
spend it on production we will spend it
on making previously recorded better so
that's that's where the money goes from
twitch it goes right back into the video
game show so if you enjoy it
think about it and of course then you
get a pizza roll and all of the cool
emoticons then you get to be a cool kid
and isn't that what everyone wants all
right go here here here here here we'll
try that
try to hit as many of these spots as
possible
what April I love you I can't believe I
convinced you of that thank you thank
you for subscribing I really do
appreciate it rich and I started doing
this video game show and we're really
happy with all the support we've been
getting even after the sonic episode so
thank you
all right you arrived just in time to
see an unusually well armed engine ship
destroying a small pirate craft a
teleporter signal is detected intruder
on deck a young mantis in a charred
uniform has teleported onto your deck he
begs for a sanctuary from the engi and
offers to serve in exchange for your
protection the engi have already traced
the teleporter signal and are offering a
deal in exchange for the prisoner this
is actually this is good so we either
get a crew member and fight the ng ship
which we need we need a crew member or
we agree to hand him over and possibly
get some shit what do we do what do we
do I'll tell you what we do side with
the fugitive that's what we do because
we need some more crew members up in
here because eventually I'm gonna get a
teleporter all right you ain't got
nothing
FLAC on first okay so we are going to
flag the shields there they go
laser the weapons yes
that's that's a great strategy they
can't do nothing about that strategy now
we're just gonna fuck with them a little
bit flag the shields and take the
engines out boom
fucking hell fucking hell that's great
console field got some scrap and got a
new member to the team and mantas are
really good at fighting which you know
that's great so we're gonna put the
Mantis here we got a new member and as
it so happens
April I love you is the first person I
see so as a new subscriber April April I
April I is our new chief of security so
I'm gonna send this mantis out to beat
up any bad guys that come and get us
hold the pickles has questions about
subscription I don't know exactly um if
you're just watching through your iPhone
there might be a subscribe button there
might not be it can be monthly or it can
be just a one-time fee like if you just
want to pay five bucks once that's what
you do or it's a monthly renewal that is
your choice but you'll probably have to
go online
twitch comm slash previously recorded to
underscore live and you can subscribe
they're not necessary but appreciated
there is a twitch app it's it's a it's a
really nice app for watching stuff I do
wish they would upgrade the twitch app a
little more on the Creator side I'm
hoping for a little more something I as
a as a twitch partner there's very
little I can do with the app
unfortunately all right let's go okay
let's get to our next destination here
here we go we're going
all right you're greeted by a rare sight
a mantis ship that appears in not to
have noticed you they only have one
shield so I'm gonna say fuck it let's
attack them and because our head of
security is now in the camera room we
can actually see all the people in that
this is gonna be very helpful later when
I get a teleporter and we didn't
teleport people over there all right so
we're just gonna use same strategy we've
been using that's been working black the
shields and as soon as the shields are
down laser the weapons boom ah that's
great
flak burst laser we got crazy lucky
getting this
black
they done they don't even they don't
even stand a chance you guys they don't
even stand a chance
oh my god we didn't name the ship
can we still rename the ship
we can't it's just the Castro I forgot
to rename the ship you guys I can't
believe we did that are you saying yeah
I talking about the patreon that's cool
that's the real thing with the patreon
any anyone who does a patreon and you
know I know like Jay Mike and thought
about it for a while but it's like the
ability to speak directly to the fans
and to have the fans directly support
them without going through a system like
YouTube or blip and having to worry
about ads is really really awesome I
think now we can get our second tier XI
oh my god we have a fire you guys we
have a fire we need to be cool about
fire safety here so I just opened the
side doors let the air and let the air
out blown out there we go
fuck dealt with now we have two shields
for them to get through which is great I
can probably hit this up and then get
the exits oh I'm gonna do that that's
the really important thing about this
game hit as many of the dots as you can
before you exit no well I was just kind
of a waste then wasn't it
now here's the tough one or it's like
can I hit this and then hit the exit
before they get there I think I can I'm
gonna try to do that I'm gonna try to
hit this and get the exit before they
get there with their red line let's do
it let's do it let's do it an
unidentified ship is badly damaged and
is still being assaulted by a space
pirate the victim begins a distress
message until the pirate cuts off and
offers to split the bounty with you if
you sit tight hmm I get tense crap f
okay let's attack pirates this is a bad
call I can tell you that right away but
I say fuck it we got the two shields I'm
feeling kind of overconfident right now
with our flak burst laser
and ok it did alright couple the flax
missed but that's alright that's alright
we still have our shields I took down
one of their weapons boom
more generous offer that's a lot more
fuel a couple more scrap I don't really
have missiles right now that fuel could
be nice though
six fuel
take the birthday boy you're right I've
Mike talked about this before new shirts
are on the way and I think I haven't
even seen them yet but I do hear the new
t-shirts new rlm t-shirts are on the way
yeah you know what I'm not a poster kind
of guy either octo J don't worry about
the posters kid glasses I like glasses I
I mean I didn't pay for the glasses but
I really like bringing out my my best of
the worst to the pint glass at parties
and people asking me what it is okay the
glasses those are more fun just have a
sign a piece of paper we can do that I
am going to reject their offer and
continue the assault because I want to
be a hero
I need a hand man enough are here to the
end in the night yes take that pirate
Oh 31 scrap yes oh yes Jack made the
right call look at this look at this
because we helped someone almost in the
entirety of our hull up here has been
repaired and that is super nice mmm
fuck yes fuck yes
will I sign will we sign go I mean we
will sign the glasses but I don't think
you want that like I said you know we'll
tell us to assign a like a little piece
of paper and we'll sign a little piece
of paper for you all right excellent
let's get the heck out of here oh you
come across a large tradestation however
as soon as you approach a warning goes
off to all ships in the region do not
associate with the Federation
sympathizer all who oppose the rebels
will be punished
let's search among the store nope fine
I'm okay with a fight oh they can't hurt
me at all they can't hurt me at all
I'm not even gonna worry about it they
have to beam weapons which don't cut
through shields so I'm perfectly fine I
can just sit here and fire at them
willy-nilly until they disappear which
I'm gonna do
you are right - Rory Tate I do need to
account better for the time it takes
both the laser and the flak to get to
the ship flak cannons are a newer weapon
so I'm still getting used to the timing
but you are correct I need to get better
at my timing the ship explodes leaving
behind a substantial collection of
useful scrap material huh
fucking ha great I feel really good
about this okay we're gonna jump to the
next sector and you know what my
overconfidence is gonna take us to the
rock controlled sector I think that's my
plan is rock nebula civilian civilian
civilian hostile let's go to rock let's
go to rock night folks
trout 9k thanks for coming out all right
here's what we're gonna do guys what
time is it
oh my god it's 11:40 we're gonna take a
break geeks only I welcome you you came
just in time for us to take a little
break I won't run a commercial because
I've already run the several commercials
tonight but I just need to refill my
water and and then we will continue to
play more so listen to the sweet jams of
FTL while I go get some water

[Part IV]
to him go to bed all right we are doing
very well I feel if we can get if we can
get one more crew member and a
teleporter we will F some shit up
oh man
one two and store that's gonna be my
plan one two in store teleporter
teleporter and a crew member that's what
we need all right Rock pirates this is
gonna be tougher because now they have
two shields but I have two shields too
they have a rocket so it's really
important to get rid of their fucking
that's gonna hit me
dodge it dodge it thank you
all right let's do this
yes fuck that kind of shit really hurts
I crack in my home yes yes fuck fuck
fuck fuck
that's important that's important
fixing the fixing the oxygen is slightly
important there they're scrambling right
now yes we got this we got this maybe
fuck fuck fuck
can't get their weapons down
yes okay great ah fucking hell hit me
with one last missile alright let's have
this Zoltan guy or pair our outside Jam
here oh we need let's make sure that
accident is fixed just right away oh no
too much too much jam get out of there
is all time you finished fixing it up
get it okay okay everyone get healed get
good heal up here and here up octave J
now get back to your motherfucking
stations we got some shit we got some
shit to take care of she had said what
yeah those missiles really fucked me up
but that's the other thing where it's
like if I can get if I can get a defense
drone that would really help that would
really help so what I'd like to do is
get one more this Jam here then go to
the store I think I can I can take one
more encounter definitely
you encounter a small craft with minimal
propulsion it's rock crew members
explained that the rock homeworld is run
on lies and propaganda that keep the
populace in check and that they want no
part of it tell them their God sent them
here to join your crew promised to share
with them the truths they've been denied
oh my god it's like I don't want to lie
to them because they're already running
out on lies I will tell them the truth
yes your promise has gained their
attention and they agree to serve with
you for a while yes thank you this is
super hype guys we have a rock crew
member that they don't have any fire
damage and they don't take as much
fighting damage and we have Amanda's so
who do we got here Rory Tate
Rory Tate you are the first person who I
saw cap locks
whoa I can type guys it's true
Rory Tate you are our newest crew member
you got it teleport I'm no Nico but if
someone asks if you are God tell them
the truth and you get a crew member
great
okay let's trim for the story if they
have a teleporter guys we are so in the
money teleport a teleporter teleporter
fuck no tell mind-control which could be
fun oh that does not have what we were
looking for okay what are these things
protect a ship from I am damaging 60%
louis's missile base weapons that 50%
chance of not using missile that's neat
Oh backup battery no we don't care about
that we don't care about we don't care
about any of this shit
Oh fix a couple of jams here
we're good on everything else well you
know maybe just get two fuels just to
have some fuel all right let let's bump
up some stuff here let's bump up some
stats let's pump up the jams all right
that'll help as we get some more jams
all right don't do that yeah I do I'm
gonna go here I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna throw caution to the wind
amantha ship here is adorned with rock
body parts it would be a gory or display
if they had internal organs but the
message is clear enough this is a hunter
of a very specialized kind put your a
crew member on the comm the two aliens
face one another over the vid screen
cave dwelling pebble van yells the
furious mantis captain see I paint my
ship with your companions I paint my
ship with you well fuck you dude I'm
gonna go ahead and say you ain't got
nothing all right flack the shields boom
and you officially got nothing literally
you got no weapons got no oxygen
you fucked son straight-up fight
dunh dunh excellent buy another one of
these jams put it on our engine get the
fuck out of here get a fuck out of Dodge
a motley collection of rock ships are
stationed around the beacon they look to
have restored resorted to a pirate's
life defensive maneuvers alright that's
fine they have two laser weapons which
could play havoc on my shields we will
see about that
black first alright so same as we ever
do if the shields get the weapons oh ok
that's nasty let's get our mantis to
repair those doors and we're gonna go
again shields
there we go now they don't have weapons
so they fucked I don't have the timing
just right as far as flak and their
weapons are concerned but we're getting
there there we go hey bucks
I thought you died no I'm not dead I'm
here oh my god there's Canada talk I'm
so sorry in our Canada talk why what are
you what are you dating here - oh are
you gonna you guys are a lot of
Canadians okay what's my stance on
Canadians I have I have family who are
Canadians love Canadians defence drone
mark one yes
I've been to Canada several times I
enjoyed their the first lady I ever
kissed was from Canada I fond memories
of Canada all over all over Canada's is
a wonderful all over that's the moral of
the story one more bar to up our ship if
you up the engine it means your FTL
charge is faster but it also in
increases your dodge chance so I would
like I have shields and I have a ton of
dodge which is really important to me so
now I'm just gonna collect money until I
can get a teleport I really could use a
teleport so I think I'm gonna hang out
and just try - here here here here here
here I think I can make it too
I'm erotic memories of Canada dick
actually did taste like maple syrup she
was wonderful
yes everything about Canada as someone
who does not live in Canada and only
visits every once in a while
everything about Canada is wonderful
the burnt-out hull of a rock mine layer
drifts by behind the wreck drifts a live
mine an automated drone that drills into
ships hulls ships hulls before exploding
it locks onto your ship signatures and
heads your wife attempt evasive
maneuvers the ships turning circle
proves too wide and the mine bites down
onto the hull you can hear it now
chewing through the armor sent someone
out to defuse it your crew member dons a
spacesuit and exits the airlock when
they open it up the mine housing though
they panic the red wire or the blue red
yes you open your eyes and everything is
still where it was a moment ago you did
it
22 scrapped 22 skidoo is more like it
red red I did it I did it we did it
can I do it can I tempt fate I'm gonna
we're gonna stick close to this line
alright you notice a rock ship
performing combat exercises however they
quickly change their course to engage
your ship they apparently treat
unregistered alien ships as handy target
practice oh my god
one two three four weapons but to beam
weapons
we're only kind of fucked back online
first laser go here we go Oh boom super
important take out their weapons the
rock ship hails enough we were told the
aliens were a threat to our ways and you
have proved as much take this and leave
us in peace well fuck you
Rock crew members you fired on me so
fuck you now you die
that's your lesson learned don't fire on
bitches unless you want stitches the
ship explodes leaving behind 24 scrap
yes and fuel yes everything yes
monke jack-jack Picard yes Jack Picard
yes it's up to oxygen and his amazing
shield abilities all right let's do this
let's do this guy's we are rocking off
fuck solar flares intruders on board oh
fuck you
well we have our door system which is
going to help out a lot all right let's
get our captain in our med bay get out
of there hold on you're so fucked
cuz get in there to hunt to fight we can
handle as soon as these solar flares
come though we're gonna be totally
fucked
all right get these guys in here and
hopefully they will follow us well
they're gonna take care of our doors
first off fuck
we need to get out of here yeah get in
here
follow follow these guys yes
okay fight him in the medbay that's
where you want to fight him because our
guys heal in the midday all right we're
gonna try to jump right before the next
solar flare see how many of these guys
we can take down okay yeah we're good
oh I got a store yes Oh what do we want
to be greedy no let's just go right to
the store get out of here before the
solar flare hits and a crew teleporter
oh but fuck
but fuck it's 90 hold on we have oh we
beat him all right great
oh my fuck okay everyone get back to
your stations is there a fire on board
there is I hear fire where is fire hold
on
where's fire
it's very here fix those doors I hear a
fire a fire somewhere where is fire Oh
fires in there okay all right in here
and help rock man cannot be hurt by fire
fix our heard James now all right great
all right everyone get back to jam rock
man doesn't have jam to heal you up
Sheila baller guys
Mario Mario heal up he loved everybody
he'll oh we need a strong crew what am I
gonna do here all right get back to your
posts Rockman back the doors you're in
the doors now
all right all right location saves so
what we have here situation do not like
wave a crew teleporter that's 90 scrap
and oh oh oh no wait defense Tron yes
yes yes fuck yes everything is gonna be
great fix to close it up we have we now
have a crew teleporter we can't use it
yet oh we can't
oh we told again oh we totally
everything's great everything's great
oh yes everything is great
oh let's go let's go oh well not
everything's great
we're gonna have to fight we're gonna
have to fight the bad guys a couple
times so everything's not 100% grade
dammit we're gonna have to fight him
twice
alright hold on I can't use it a
teleporter
teleporters kind of useless against the
rebel fleet because really we're just
hoping to get out of there as quickly as
possible
so it's gonna get these jams back into
their position here it really we're just
waiting for that FTL Drive to charge get
in there get in there
oh fuck everything is terrible
come on fix it fix that Drive
jump-jump-jump
not like it helps because we're jump out
of the floor and ran into the
motherfucking fire get in here and help
repair the shield's no thank you repair
this
Oh char set at the el jardín oh no I'm
so sorry I'm so sorry
we've lost you all right never mind
doing here repair that Jim we're so dead
fuck oxygen just weapons oh no wait stay
in the engine room
so dead so dead I'll be here nebula oh
okay I'll repair everything - in it
repair accident get that repaired as
fast as possible
that Jam ah that was a terrible time
that was just a terrible time power our
medbay here absolutely terrible lost a
crew member down to two Jackalopes
canadians if you weren't around just a
moment ago jack loves Canadians all
right let's get results on and the
shields you in our teleporter mantis
he's a mantis i we lost our souls on
Rory Tate in our teleporter April I in
charge of shields all right let's do
this
Anna store right there fuck you you know
I'm just fuck you
can we get back to that store I can't do
it if I got one two three four five six
oh they'll be here before that we're
gonna be dead
are we dead Oh or not all right great
like I almost want to go to the store
now and just heal all I can let's hit up
one more let's hit up one more try to
hit one more all right we can do this we
can do this
and the question is do we want to send a
rock crewman over no we want to send two
over I'm gonna heal up our mantis there
we go we're gonna send we're gonna send
two over we're gonna fuck up the jams we
can do this we're gonna do this oh
there's someone in our oxygen no fuck
you VI get out of there all right where
do we want to send them right into their
file is chamber there we go how do you
like that you don't there you go
these guys fuck up the med bay
again so now we won't fire on them again
Oh get out of there
oh my god and get out of there where's
their crew yes okay so now we have to
teleport oh my god hey I wanted both of
you yes and because we teleported
they're fully healed oh my god yes
everything is yes everything is yes yes
yes yes yes things are coming up
millhouse y'all we got a new crew member
new crew member who's gonna be just in
charge of shields guess what also you're
the new guide to the crew you gotta fix
this giant hole on our ship how about
that
actually let's get a couple people on
there to fix the giant ownership there
all right now go heal up in the medbay
everything's great guys ed Witten this
is Jack Van Kirk what are you doing I'm
playing FTL okay
hey April I love you cream in Mario
Mario shake loose TV yes
you get dibs on the new guy absolutely
shake shake loose right shakily okay so
she clue is now in charge of shields
creaming gets back on weapons dick the
birthday boy goes back on engines
everyone else is good we now have a
winning strategy so now we're gonna jump
here and nothing's here and that's fine
it's a waste of a fuel but I feel good
about these decision and we're going to
jump to the store and we're gonna heal
our shop and we're gonna stand up
goddamn fighting chance can't fix it all
that's fine we're just gonna fix the
most of it
oh I have an area anti-drone that we can
sell the way she'll charge booster
obviously I would love that but ain't
worth it if your ships broken put it all
under the ship that is a flag too right
gotta get a flag - now we're doing good
we're doing good weapons wise and now we
have our boarding party oh okay cracking
that oh we just all heard all of my
cracking knuckles
shields RH dances with Smurfs as rent
shields are the curse position so far
all of our shield operators have died
but you know best of luck to you
alright let's do this yeah that seems
like the smart way to do it let's go
here let's go down here we're gonna need
some feel soon Oh three shielded slugs
but that's okay they don't have a med
day so we can totally fuck them up and
slugs are really easy to to kill they
got some of their weapons our guys
fighting their guys totally gonna fuck
up the jams
excellent that's that's how you do it
that's exactly how you do it and they
come back and they're fully healed
because of our teleport booster oh
that's so great
and it's so effin great for some reason
our med bay I don't know how our my fake
I destroyed it I don't care
Black is great Jack don't you have work
tomorrow I work for myself so the answer
is yes but then I'm playing anyway I'm
playing FTL and we're having a really
good run and so this is what we're doing
now when you work for yourself you'll
work every day all right we need to up
our booster power here 15 seconds oh
great just kind of I've just kind of
like basically shirked all of our
engines I bought all these engine
upgrades it's like a I guess we don't
need him now
all right all right here we go here we
go jump let's go let's do
you arrived at a small slug repair
station greetings traveler care for a
fix-up we could easily patch up some of
that damage yeah sure
your dock with the stage and hoping for
a quick turnaround but the automatic
machines take their sweet time only one
damage we're glad you've enjoyed our
services now for payment to ensure your
cooperation we've taken the liberty of
installing a limiter on your weapons
system
oh great well by the way that's fine
because we have our boarding party
actually let's just take out their
weapon systems right away
absolutely fuck
just adding all of it to the dodge
hopefully you ain't got nothing you
ain't got nothing I ain't got nothing
the problem is they have a med bay so in
a perfect world I could take out their
med bay but they're not doing any damage
to me a while now they are all great
well great all right let's see what we
can do here let's try let's try a
different room let's try let's see what
happens if we take out their shields is
anyone in their shields weapons is
useless right now anyway
Jesus Christ there's a fire and weapons
what
shields back up who's what
damn it damn it damn it damn it damn it
get back here you fix our med bay
open the doors we got to put the fire
there's a fire and weapons you fix our
oxygen we're gonna need that oxidant if
it's one thing I know about people and
breathing as they generally need oxygen
yes
this I guess is just a losing battle I
can't win here
we just gotta jump
yeah I have nothing to sell I have
nothing good fix all weekend that's
disheartening close all the doors get
some oxygen back in oh just
disheartening but there was nowhere to
win that battle normally in a situation
like that I would use my weapons to take
out their med bay so that my guys could
could kill them without them
regenerating but uh they had taken my
weapons so there was nothing I could do
there there was nothing I could do uh
look okay run away yes
I probably should have bought some fuel
I wanted I wanted a hole I was greedy
I wanted that hole because you know
sometimes you get fueled on missions and
so I have four F for fuel that's that's
good goodish here and getting some nice
repair points here sometimes this game
is slow go back and fight no mochi I
will not go back and fight all right
Mario Mario get back to your pilot
position for some reason Rory Tatum is
Rory Tate is slightly damaged heal
yourself we need you at full out I'll
get back in there hmm we're still
streaming yes OS oh we are still
streaming I can't believe it either
what time is that it's twist a quarter
after 12:00 sweet jeebus
alright let's see how far we can make it
here we're doing this we're gonna take
the long way taking the long way open we
get fuel along the way nothing
man we're just gonna be drifting in the
nebula that's how we die oh my god
nothing we die drifting in the nebula
one more jump left Oh arrived to the
sight of two slugs ships and
communication range they don't see you
you overhear their conversation and
learn they're planning to raid an
infamous and likely wealthy pirate ship
in the area the pair jump off and you
note down their target coordinates one
jump left motherfucker well let's hope
there's fuel of this let's hope there's
fuel at this fight
I've decent doors so I'm gonna try to
suffocate them while my guys get in here
to help power charge up my weapons that
didn't do very much good charge up them
weapons get them weapons charge all
right oh they can't hurt me they can't
hurt me at all
priority number one destroying their
medbay
done priority number two killing them I
want to take away one there we go all
right and let the killing of the slug
people begin slug people are not very
good fighters and their weapons are
doing absolutely jack shit to my ship a
straight-up fucking them they're just
gonna keep coming in here it'll be a
nice easy fight oh my oh my guys need to
repair maybe he'll let him try to repair
their health bay that's fine they ain't
gonna do it I got all the time in the
world I'm even gonna take this perfect
take him right over there
not even a firearm he loved all it took
I'm a med bay just I'm a med bay like I
give a fuck
oh no they fixed their my bitch that I
really should have been paying attention
to all right but that's okay
reload my weapons I have a decent
cooldown time on my teleporters so I'll
be able to teleport them back wait for
the cooldown to run down on my
teleporters they can't hurt me anyway
there's their weapons are of no use
against me so then black and laser boom
and you know we do we tell for right
back in there now you're fucked 9 bucks
and I get your ship I'm gonna take your
ship and I'm gonna make it mine use your
bathrooms you can't do nothing about it
that's right
Shazaam come on back guys you did a
great job everybody
everybody you did a great job let's heal
up what do you say Kiran who are you
you're my weapons that's what you are
all right oh my god stop the jump
what can we hear tea towel McHale lady
you cannot Jack listen to the chat why
what whoa
what chat is delayed yeah yeah chance a
little or you know like I'm delayed how
about the machines no yeah like I was
they tell you if their ship is about to
jump so you do all like if your people
are on board and their ship jumps away
you lose your people big risk
Oh to fuel needed that one too I can
even do that I'm gonna do that that's
risky but I'm gonna do it attack be
automated yeah absolutely so now I don't
my teleporters are kind of useless now
so we're going to put all of our eggs
into
and and then I don't think they can hurt
me with the weapons they have we'll see
but we'll see
and you never know
well now they definitely can't hurt me
easy bees easy peasy boom boom boom boom
boom
yes gotta take away these piloting
stations normally I would be
concentrating on like their drone
control but their drones aren't doing
this shit to me so I say fuck it pump up
the jam no Tito oh yes some extra fuel
some extra jams oh this is great let's
get out of here let's get out of here
jump to the next sector
abso-fucking-lutely that's great and
that's uh
I even in light I did shit Beaumont
great for some reason I don't have my
save like I'm playing this on the
windows partition of my drive but for
some reason Steam did not hold on to my
save and I don't know why okay what's
going on here
what do I need
should probably spend some money on some
extra powered bars just to get all the
jams up and running
all right let's jump let's do this stick
in the nebula
jump into the middle of a plasma storm
multiple recently incapacitated ships
loom in the shadows briefly eliminated
bed lighting anytime you have a blue
option that's the option you choose
because my pilot because Mario Mario a
has such skill I think we can get out of
here within the ships graveyard you find
one ship that seems relatively untouched
on board you find an unconscious
passenger and take him back to ship once
awake they offer to join your crew in
thanks and our new crew member has super
shield ability yes excellent
tres Jen Trez gin you are the first subscriber I
saw so you get to be our new shields
expert shake low you are removed from
shield duty and I'm sorry
Trenton is now on shields I don't know
if I can upgrade my shields
all right quest minor forget what that
quest was Wow
I can't leave you Tita delays in my head
alright let's um yeah I do want to up my
shields I want to get the three tier
shields soon but I also want to get out
of here so I want to see if there's a
store nearby before I do any of that jam
an especially well-armed pirate ship
approaches you hand over one of your
crew members and the rest of you can go
free we will never surrender one of our
crew to slavers absolutely okay get
shields back up and running
yeah weapons online
and get teleporters online alright so
what are we gonna do they don't know
they don't have a med bay but they do
have a cloning bay which means once we
kill them a clone comes back so that's
the thing we want to take care of first
and foremost Jesus Christ Oh actually I
guess I want to take care of drone
control oh fuck it he's not gonna hurt
us for the time being get rid of drone
control
Jesus Christ mr. every single shot
alright let's let's keep drawing control
out of commission for a little bit
because I'm doing terribly well but
they're beaten they're beating them
there we go I get my guys back get my
guys back
keep that drone control under under
wraps I'm gonna kill one guy at least
there we go yes we surrender take one of
our slaves as tribute accept their offer
excellent
hey slave go fix that area you two shake
low Kiran is the gunner Kieran's been a
human fucked up at that time let's call
it what it is but we'll take it but
we'll take it you know I know I only
have one more fuel left I need a store I
need a store I know I know
only a matter of time before there's an
accident right okay
great we got some people now we got some
people oh we have a new oh that's right
that's right we have a new maybe new
person
I'm a good slave okay Billa hecka you
are you are our new slave bill hacker
melodica or bill Billy hecka Billy akka
is our new slave welcome to the crew
Billy okay
alright all of our jams are covered
we're good we're good we're good
no store in sight oh so we just got to
do a blind jump here hope we can get
some fuel small red ball
right oh you know what no no medbay
that's great
first thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna kind of damage them a little bit
we can we want to take out some of their
weapons I'll send over our goons
what the fuck was that oh my god enemy
FTL is charging I didn't even notice
that their FTL is charging there you go
Billy hacker help help fix
there you go okay I have to I'll go away
excellent fuck oh my god oh my god
everything is terrible we're gonna we
might die here because we lost their
shields oh my fuck it's like a it's like
a pulse it's like a oh my god
we're so boned yes accept their offer
goddamnit Jesus Christ that was terrible
it was absolutely terrible alright
alright let's let's get repairing let's
get repairing here oh my god that was so
fucking close I know I need help I have
one huh oh Jesus Christ I'm gonna fix
everything first obviously heal up
everyone
oh my sweet Jesus Christ fucking fuck I
need a store I need a store so fucking
bad why aren't you working
Jake hello go here Jacob go here
Shaco go here why are you going yeah you
fucking sick it's not working
I'm living in a little bit go fucking
here
there go all right let's heal up some
people yeah a few you know feel I get
back to your positions
ah let's jump a store you guys there's a
store there is a goddamn store Jesus
sweet Jesus fuck oh that's great that is
absolutely great all right let's be
smart about this let's buy some fuel and
let's fix up to green that'll get us
good and I should be able to bias I
think that gets us one more of this guy
which will be very very helpful
great great shields back engines full
Jesus Christ yes Rory Tate you're
absolutely right this is why FTL's the
greatest game that was seeing the store
thereafter I needed it so badly was an
emotional experience
I actually I just needed to like just
sit back here and take a sip of beer
oh my god okay okay
actually actor J that's a good question
I wonder why there aren't any just any
general red letter media pint glasses I
will bring that up to Mike and J next
time I the next time I see all right
well you know fuck it we're over here
let's do this quest
I do need eventually I need a better
weapon looking for an escort to a nearby
system sure okay if you'll find on
alright let's see what this quest marker
is all about ketchup at the to slug
chips oh that's right
suddenly the first chip burst into
flames and an urgent call arrives from
the remaining slugs we suggest you
distract the pirate vessel while we
retrieve the valuable 50/50 split fuck
the slugs I'm going for the cash eh
this might have been a really bad
decision but this was the decision that
was made
all right big important thing taking
care of their med bay
yes all right
now we teleport there just say fucking
let's start killing their dudes killing
their dudes that's what word it's all
about killing dudes
and make sure they can't get away from
us that's important how did they repair
and back here how did they repair
fuck get pockets oh they're hurting us a
little bit but well I think we can take
them I think we can take them we can
definitely take a shit but we might not
be able to take it in a good way we
might not be able to take it in the way
we want to take it which is there we go
he'll try to take let's try to take this
shit all right
oh crap there's fire
laughter oh my god
there's a rock crewman it's like getting
out of here getting out of here now
we're just we're just gonna take the
ship as soon as I can teleport these
guys back we're just taking the ship
actually now if I get fuck it fuck it
fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it get back
here not worth losing guys over there we
go
okay oh shit oxygen I see I see that our
oxygen is running out I'm on it I'm on
it I'm on it
Oh two is out I see I see him fixing
that was a close one fix that oxygen yo
get back in here all right shake low
heal yourself heal yourself shake it off
get back in here boy alright not great
but we got some stuff not a great run
I'll take it
alright ade the civilian ship if I could
take on the Pirates I need better
weapons
my problem need some better weapons
we're gonna fuck this guy up
get these guys back to the teleporter
room
that
here you intern fixer fix arrow too
that's great great great
yes okay we're going to take the ship
we're gonna do it
oh I see I see what's happening
okay
I see what's happening I did not see
that there was an intruder on board
that's okay he's fucked and that
everybody yes
there we go okay great Oh what great
swarm missiles I don't know what that is
but it sounds great
what the fuck is an ro to fix yet shake
low B and turn over here is taking a
sweet goddamn time no all right shake
low heal myself Kremen heal myself Mario
Mario heal myself
I everyone back to your shit what do we
got here
all right if given time to prepare the
swarm launcher can replicate multiple
warheads missiles transfer charge backup
recharge she amazing that's great that
sounds like just what we need
actually it's a really fuck some shit up
that sounds great
we have missiles we have missiles and we
have yeah that's great all right great
but some
let's do this let's do de-stress here
quiet well I can almost want to do quest
because there might be this one of these
might be a store yeah a stupid quest
let's do quest I need to hunker down
you're absolutely right
I walked right into their trap guys
okay and that's fine i I'm fine with
walking right into their trap because we
gonna fuck him up cuz we absolutely
gonna fuck them up oh no oh no fuck I
was not paying attention to my boarding
party
get back here
get back here horrible rock monster
shake low you are new you are the new
boarding party alright fuck
losing a mantis like that that is no way
that is no way to be there you go
there yeah
oh no fuck them they led me into a trap
I can go fuck themselves you know it's
surrender I got this I got this
I got this I'm I mean I'm dying I get
that I'm dying but I also got this I'm
taking this ship I want to take this
ship
I dislike they fucked me the way they
did it's bound to murder them with my
hands there we go
even though we lost remember
she was a person I know I know listen I
feel I mean I feel bad that I lost my
warrior but you know this is the this
was the price get over here why are you
fucking there this was the price paid
you know you serve on this crew we have
it we have a more noble mission than
just in general riffraff he's lost April
I know I'm very sorry back to James
shake low fix that shit and you get back
to the boarding party fix the doors you
fix them doors then get bail
come here fuck get over there get over
there yo fuck upgrade your shields yeah
well let me see things uh oh there's a
store no we gotta go to the store first
thing that the store has to offer
I already have pretty sweet weapons
these are drones so that doesn't do me
any good let's yeah let's upgrade
shields while we can here
free shields is nice go back to the
store fix all we can everything a cell
no great great I think we're in pretty
good shape here I think we are in pretty
good shape
let's go let's get out of here
I'm sorry that it's 8 a.m. there and
you're waiting for me to die I'm waiting
for me to die too it's almost 1:00 in
the morning here you recognize the ship
as a well-known slave trader he hails
you an offer to laborers for cheap
actually this really doesn't matter
because I have no I don't have a full
crew because I just lost some people
let's use our teleporter you teleport
you teleport away and away team onto
their hold and sense of free their
prisoners they're able to get one
prisoner before becoming quickly bla bla
now we gotta fight great extra crew
member
extra crew member hurrah
come on her
I can I can't change it now but that's
what's gonna be
they can't do nothing they can't do
nothing with their peepees so I'm just a
fucker we're gonna teleport over there
and I start beating the shit out I'll
live with Cheerilee beat the shit out of
it jizz they can't do nothing they can't
get through my shields so I'm just gonna
punch them I'm gonna punch him really
hard until they're dead
that's how I am bring him back and
they're all heal then we just wait we
just wait to punch more bitches it'll be
great
and continue punching this is the joy of
having three shields so that's it
only go away there we go
find a number of slaves in the cargo
hold they look at you questioningly and
ask and one ask if they're to be least
you could to use more crew but you don't
want to force them all to work actually
I do I don't know if I can use more crew
I probably want the Mantis oh look at
that fight skills absolutely you know
what we're gonna do it dismiss you Anson
you don't bring anything to the table
the Mantis brings fighting power
phone rings yeah sorry Johnson did I say
it was her oof
huruf you joined the crew and her roof
you are now part of our boarding party
sorry shake low you have been demoted
back to doors that's an important job if
we ever get boarded you know it's
important to have someone there to work
the doors
apologize let's get out of here and I
think we're gonna stick to green and
we're gonna stick green and easy all
right we got some weapons we've got some
shields I guess we're just gonna scrap
it up so we can boost up all of our so
we can boost up all of our ship over
here
see here we see a weapon rebel ship
waiting nearby undoubtedly stationed to
look for you let's fuck it out fuck it
out don't you say
now we're gonna wait and we're going to
destroy their medbay before we teleport
on
don't work that time they're not aiming
they're not aiming properly anyway come
on
we need to do we need to swarm them
we're gonna try one more time you're not
hitting us anyway
there we go
okay now we can get it now killer just
gonna try to take out their engines to
make sure they can't get away on us an
important thing oh and they are hitting
us which is not very nice of them do you
think about it get my guys out of there
and we're back guess what bitch in fact
done in fact son we got you shit we're
gonna take a shit that's a shit do
something about it the first thing I'd
like to do is upgrade dem teleporters as
I use them a lot ah sure
great great extra power bar I'll take it
I'll take it
Jeff de-stress let's do it shit we are
running low on fuel
alright you have encountered a refugee
ship drifting in space it looks as if it
was fleeing the rebel bands hail them ah
Zoltan well great well fucking great the
big thing about the Zoltan is we can't
teleport on until we get rid of their
Zoltan shield so we're gonna just do
that as quickly as possible
oh there you go well then you fucked son
we can take out first let's take out
take out this jammer
hey Billy Jack go fix our oxygen
Nigeria Nigeria no ask agenda get you
out of there I do with that oxygen Billy
the greatest let's let's fire at their
weapons once just a little bit
beforehand there you go alright now we
got him we got him got nothing bum bum
bum easy easy
mother fucking lemon squeezy that's
great that's working great Billy you did
a great job fixing that oxygen couldn't
have done it without you except for go
in here I'm adding some mouse trouble
can't offer here you fuck Kimmy I think
this means that it's getting too late
where apparently I'm right click there
we go it's not fucking Morgan
nope oh my god we might have to call
this it's one o'clock it's one o'clock
in the morning we're gonna call this
this is a really good run we can just we
can continue I can save and quit and I
think we have to do that because it is
just too late and it's too late
Oh
it has three floating heads what I don't
know what that means
listen yeah we are gonna pick this up
though
and even if I have to stream tomorrow if
I have to play it out I can't I can't
play at it anymore I'm literally I was
losing the ability to right-click so I'm
gonna save and quit boom
I just did it now you all you see is a
black screen and I apologize for that
I really thought that something else
would show up here
I saved and quit
I will pick up this very game and you
know maybe maybe I'll have some time
tomorrow and I'll just do that it'll be
an impromptu stream tomorrow but is yeah
just too late it's too late tonight so
that'll be hit for now thank you guys so
much for coming out and I will I will
see you either to either tomorrow the
next day and we'll finish up this run of
FTL it's it'll be great it'll be so
fucking great I got a new follower
you get a new follower game great
good night everybody

[Part V]
hello everybody should I say hello
everybody hello everybody we're just
gonna let this amazing music fill our
beings our moment while we wait for
everyone to come into the stream
hey everybody starting a little earlier
than we usually do how long tonight is a
good question I am my a my only the only
thing we are doing tonight is finishing
this game of FTL so it could be ten
minutes it could be a couple hours I
want to say we have I want to say we
have three more worlds and then the
final boss battle so if our luck holds
out we could go for a while tonight
you should tell octave J says I should
totally do a bit of Isaac tonight you
know how about this if we go under a
half an hour if we go under a half an
hour we'll do an Isaac run just just to
even things out a little bit
that's right Billy hecka you're on the
ship
what hipster Superman says that you'll
be fooling around with terraria while
listening I think that's a great idea I
I messed around with terraria a little
bit it was a free it was a PlayStation
Network game that was free for a little
bit and I didn't get terribly into it
imma be that bun what's on the snacks
list tonight um I might let my very last
beer every usually every weekend I buy a
four pack of MKE brewing top freak and
finally Monday night I have my last one
so excellent snack one of my favorites
right now play don't starve already I
don't know if I'll get into don't starve
I don't know if I have I don't know if I
have the dedication for don't starve
what oh I apologize Ark and if I'm
interrupting your viewing of anything ed
Witten whiskey sour I like whiskey sour
I I also just like whiskey on the rocks
I really enjoy that any sort of on the
rocks for a while I was really into
vodka gimlets which is just vodka and
and lime juice over ice I don't know I
think that was an entire summer an
entire summer I drink nothing but vodka
gimlets
got a preview of the next best of the
worst no no we haven't filmed the next
best of the worst in Boise is always
good Mike and Jay were not drunk for the
newest half in the bag unless they drank
at the movie theater
we all saw guardians of the galaxy in
the afternoon then rich and I went back
to the studio to set up the stream and
Jane Mike and Jesse went to go see
boyhood and they filmed the discussion
that night while we were streaming at
Friday night there during the Josh
stream and so unless they drank at the
movie theater I don't believe they were
drunk during that filming yes this is a
jack on my stream this is a rare stream
a rare Monday night stream a rare Monday
night stream because we started this
game of FTL last night and we we are
gonna have a killer run we we're having
a killer run great items we've had some
ups we've had some downs I am
emotionally invested in this ship
getting to the destination so I decided
that we should finish this up tonight a
very special Monday night stream you
know what ed Witten wants to know my
opinion on spiced rum I don't much care
for it I'm putting that out there
I think the shake loose I think you're
still alive I forget we're gonna get
there vapor space says I just presume
Mike and J are always drunk that's fair
I think that's fair yeah nice try kiddo
he says he's just finished watching part
two like we are having an amazing run
I'd love some more weapons you know
we're gonna get to it I'll just move to
the continue screen so we can kind of
show where we're at here oh is this
where I left it I really thought we were
past this
we are oh that's right that's right
this person would they were trying to be
pirates and we had to convince them not
to be pirates that's right junk a die ok
shake I will I will call you shake you
no one lost in Technicolor this the
soundtrack does sound a lot like
Kraftwerk
I think you are correct
someone is asking what kind of coffee do
I like I like a nice light roast now
that we are in the summering months I
make my own iced coffee and so I brew a
cold brew a coffee concentrate so I tend
to use a little bit of a darker roast
like a medium or a dark a medium dark
roast because I find that works better
for diluting the concentrate but still
giving me that strong coffee flavor yeah
let's see who's alive okay so Mario
Mario is our captain fully-loaded
captain stats super captain dick the
birthday boy is still alive as our
engine guy fully loaded engine stats
Kieran is on weapons fully loaded
weapons and Kieran if we get you to fix
a couple more things we're gonna get you
we're gonna get you more some more
repair skill which is great we got Rory
Tate
Rory Tate is one of our boarding party
and look at that fists tat all Rory
taking
our kind of extra crew member he just
hangs out in case we need an extra
fixing president tres Jin is on shields
fully loaded Billy hack one of our extra
crew members Oh Billy akka is going to
be one of our fixer extraordinaires and
of course her roof one of the very last
to join is the second part of our
boarding party let's get everyone healed
up while we kind of wait for everyone
Mauri Mauri I get in there Mario get in
there Kiran get in there
shake get in there everybody heal up
getting nice and healed previously
recorded live condiments and coffee junk
ed wants to know how many new Godsmack
albums I will buy the answer is zero I
can't I can't even name a Godsmack song
I'm very sorry the shaky that's right
you are
Jake is a redshirt you're just there
you're basically there to fill space and
really sorry about that I'll actually
hold on for a second guys
sorry about that okay now we're back now
we're back to it everyone's fully healed
so here's where we're at
let's see where we're at actually can I
am what can I see here we got a hundred
and five scrap that's great can I see
the normal difficulty
something I could see where we were in
the grand scheme of things I think we
can do that once we want to jump to get
more energy I should get more energy
we've been we've been kind of evolving
back and forth basically yeah my only my
only concern is I'd love to get two
extra weapon slots to get my swarm
missiles up and running and if I could
I'd love to get a fourth level shields
just because why the eff not you know
let's see here
do you like rush um you know the few
songs I've heard but I'm not a brush fan
okay so let's let's let's les what do we
want to do well let's see what's in the
area there's a store here so I should
save that scrap for healing actually
yeah let's go to the store first and
then we can always double back here go
here here let's heal ourselves first get
some fuel
grant recovery armor it's always we
don't have anything to sell let's see
here zoltan bypass shield could be
really useful right now because I want
to say that the end boss at one point
gets a Zoltan shield so I'm gonna say
fuck it and we're gonna get his oath on
shield we're gonna get some fuel and
we're gonna fix the rest that we can
orient it Lee's gonna try to get us up
to the green great another field alright
great
I think that's that's a good start now
now we can really fuck some enemies up
all these FTL streams possibly
confirming new spacecab move it maybe
maybe and I do see PI 460 asked what my
favorite they might be giants song is
there's so many probably a nying maybe
statue got me high anything off a flood
and you're getting off a flood I love
slut alright what are we gonna do here
sector six can I can't look at the whole
map I don't know where sector six I
think I only have two more sections
there's a great sectors here here here
here
earrings that I can probably do let's
give that a dresser alright alright
we're gonna reject that off or we don't
need that and actually I can get rid of
my medbay and one more two engines do
that even this might be smart go here
down here here yeah let's do that okay
here we go battle music despite their
precautions pirates have begun to harass
the local Zoltan settlements across this
sector one such pirate sponsorship and
moves into attack alright so they have
you can pause the game any time quick
refresher is they have a teleporter so
they're gonna come and teleport on our
ship they have this could this looks
like a bomb they have a laser and this
looks like a beam weapon beam weapons
cannot penetrate shields but if they can
get your shields down really fuck up
your shit so first and foremost we need
to get rid and they don't have a med bag
great and so what we're gonna do first
and foremost is we are going to eff up
their engines we got our burst laser in
our flack warming up let's start an
effing up their engines
all right so they teleported over here
and they're gonna mess with our doors
what can we do let's fight them you know
Sultan's aren't known for their fighting
skills I don't believe my flak cannon
your wall right
black boom nice
was that oh that's their bomb
great-great-great black cannon again I'm
it out and they have no weapons and
they're all dead
excellent now that their ship has been
emptied of hostiles you search it
eventually you find a prisoner who
offers to join your crew but I'm so
sorry Joel we don't need you
you can only have eight crew members so
sorry we would love to have you
great great excellent excellent job
shake and Billy you really you really
brought your a-game
you helped defend the ship so thank you
thank you for that Jack the flag attack
that's right that's right
good girl I know it's a Monday stream
it's it's unusual because last night
during my solo stream we were playing
this game and it got way too late so I
wanted to save it for today so that's
what we're doing that should catch you
up all right so I can move here
let's move here can I get another I can
let's get another bar just get that
engine up to full evade 40% of aid
that's great
before I can probably do that I can
probably do that one hit all these
points get all the scrap we can you jump
into a debris field that used to be a
zoltán cruiser
unfortunately it's NGS core takes you
for the attacker and retaliates they
refused all hails all right ng crew
engies are pretty weak they don't have a
med bay what do they have drone control
oh I think these are missiles yeah all
right let's get in there and start start
an effing up their drone control hacking
the other so they're hacking our they're
hacking our our viewing system our
scanners if you will so we can't see
what's going on in there but that's
alright because we are gonna fuck them
up yeah if they time their shots right
which luckily they don't a lot of the
times but if they time their shots right
they could completely remove my shield
and hit me with some of that stuff so we
obviously just don't want that to happen
there we go there we go get back up
there shields
we're gonna take out their drones as
quickly as possible actually I think we
have enough health where we can just
take out the remaining two energies
before they get any of their weapons
online let's do that yeah get him get
him get him get him
Brock guys are slow rock guys are slow
it's gonna I have my thumb on the pause
button the spacebar is the pause button
and I just have my thumb on it
constantly because if it looks like
their health gets too low just pause it
eject them out of there great excellent
scrap reward everything is awesome
that's great one that was a great one
John kilo asks can you have more than
one ship in this like a fleet or is it
just one ship it's always just one ship
the more times you play you can unlock
different ships that have different
abilities but it's always just one ship
you know there are some things that are
constant like you always can only have
eight crew the upgrades you can get the
optional upgrades are usually the same
but you know you just choose in what
order they're in
but I love some of the different ships
are really fun like you can unlock this
ng ship so it can be it can get pretty
fun but it's always just one ship which
is nice I hate this this is the worst in
Nebula levels where there's just nothing
there because that gives me nothing no
scrap no nothing three fuel left gotta
watch that come on
all right I can do distress and then
exit need that's crap need that scrappy
oh nothing
alright damn it
kind of a waste of fuel but that's what
happens sometimes
and we jump to the next sector oh my god
no we only have one more sector before
the end of the fight this is great
alright and we're out of fuel
all right so what happens when you're
out of fuel it is obviously it says no
fuel and so I'm gonna turn my distress
beacon on and what we're gonna do is
wait and what it does is it waits a full
cycle and see here although your lack of
fuel cells prevents your ship from
jumping you can still use your impulse
engines well you spend some time
exploring the nearby system yes dammit
dammit dammit dammit
a rebel ship jumps nearby I wasn't
looking forward to patrolling this
border sector but here you are the most
wanted ship in the area just asking for
me to find you it looks like it's my
lucky day they power up their weapons
alright so this is gonna be a awful
awful fight I think what I'm actually
gonna do is take off the burst lasers
and warm up the swarm of missiles they
have an anti-personnel drone here they
have a helper drone here and they have a
med bay so my boarding party tactics
aren't going to work that well they also
have what looks to be a four missile
launcher r4 lasers so this is a bad
weapon right here and this is a big
missile launcher and so the our only
objective here is is killing them as
soon as possible and if we can destroy
either this or their med bay
then we are in luck I just won one flag
one fucking missile let's get our swarm
to three and just rain some help
alright great so now we are going to
flak their shields and missile their
missiles
boom nice it's nice
okay got a fire let's get a rock guy in
here to help put out the fire
how we doing otherwise
I'm pretty good all right now let's flag
their shields again and we are gonna
swarm this Jimmy here come on whoa whoa
whoa who's dying dick the birthday boy
we are not losing you dick the birthday
boy dick the birthday boy get into the
medical Bay
we're gonna have a shake little huh zero
repair skill yeah shake little we're
gonna have shake little coming in there
and help repair and why not mantis isn't
doing anything right now
fucking hell eat more missiles so the
way these four missiles work that is
really cool I can fire one and it's a
relatively short time or I can wait
until all of these three little
canisters fill and I get to fire three
missiles it's just obviously patience
game all right here we go
lagging their shields
yes taking them out one by one
taking them home all right now everyone
get back to your positions because we
need our engine guy in the engine all
right never mind
rotate back my mouse is acting up again
Rory tape get back in there you get back
in there I'm straight I'm putting out
fires they're gonna take this fucker out
I swear it you get in there helping
repair your shields you get in there
pair them shields
see if we can put their drums a little
bit
dammit dammit not doing the greatest and
I have no fuel to run away so I need to
kill them and it's that anti-personnel
drum that's really gonna fuck with me in
there repair you and for fair oxygen do
it do it do it come up you can do it
shake low now you stay in that shake low
Oh No shake low oh fuck go get in there
that was disheartening to say the
fucking least
ah terrible all right breathe breathe
everyone
oh yeah
everybody breathe Mario Mario he'll take
the birthday boy he'll Kiran he'll
back to places
Rahil Dresden he'll Billy he'll all
right
back to it Shaco you need to heal
alright kilo we're just gonna wait for
our oxygen to come back to a hundred
percent giggorilla i I was initially
just planning on finishing this game if
I think I said that if if I die in under
a half an hour and we're getting close
to the half-hour mark if I died under a
half an hour I'll play something else
maybe my place around a binding of issac
but I had initially planned on just
finishing this but we'll see we'll see
if we're in the mood I mean you know
once you start playing games it's really
hard to stop you're right
you're right I need to reverse
polarization that always works this is
just the worst we are in a seriously bad
position here because now the red line
of the rebel fleet is here so we're
gonna wait and here they are they're
gonna get us they're gonna get us on
this turn here they come
so
swarm on engines on we're gonna go full
fucking boarding team here and you know
what we're gonna board is in their
boarding area boom
how do I pick that up didn't see that
coming did get fucks I get an airplane
black
no that's oh that's right whose time you
can get them you can get them you can
get them now you can't you go over there
Rockman go in here and finish them off
with a teleport back those lazy fucks
get our guys back get our guys back okay
their weapons are completely down but we
can still get attacks from other things
but we need to destroy them is the thing
done done no this is actually this is
actually something they added they
recently added a huge expansion to FTL
you know new characters new alien races
new new things and one of the new things
they added it was further incentive to
stay away from the rebel fleet so and
you not only have to fight the rebel
ship but the other rebel ships who are
in the fleet are firing at you and I
that's what happened I had these guys on
the ropes because all their weapons were
down I got hit by another part of the
rebel fleet
yes John Kela we lost a lot of good
subscribers on that ship yeah let's do
binding of issac what let's say fucking
let's do a binding of issac oh god damn
it that's just it you guys are gonna see
a black screen don't worry about seeing
a black screen I'm gonna get binding of
issac up and running but you're gonna
see a black screen what a terrible way
to end FTL a terrible terrible way to
end FTL all right so what do we need to
do either we need to go here
here we're gonna get it real quick here
guys don't worry
quick quick does this do it this does it
great
here's Isaac here's Isaac and we are we
also all that I need to also enable our
joy to ki because I play Binding of
Isaac with a controller as I do most
things you're absolutely


