Oct 29, 2014
5 Nights At Freddy's
Real Horror Stories: Ultimate Edition
Haunt the House: Terrortown
Nightmare on Elm Street
Friday the 13th
Outlast
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45029619
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45029240
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45028975
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45028868
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45028129
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcJ5l3dl1Bo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJ_fUzD4yhw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRGDe8h57Ho
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktXJSsTBq8Q
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVa3PTaWAvM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/527554307600949248
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/527639938368405504

[Part I]
oh hello everybody and that was it the
stream is over they keep showed up for
our super simply enjoyed that her super
spooky scary spooktacular halloween
stream that was um that was a binary
Ward are wonderful moderator octo Jay
asked me to play that song and I said
okay and it was really good because I
forgot to download spooky games and so I
was waiting to download
let's book a game and that bought me
some time so I appreciate that um and
now we are gonna get started playing our
first game which I hope ever I mean I
hope it will shut everybody up I don't
think it's too much of a spoiler because
I already put it in the description but
uh we are gonna play five nights at
Freddy's 4 into five five five nights
and Freddy got fingered fried five
Freddy's which that's that's rific
really yes but wait it was so close to
FTL on the steam list oh I guess I don't
face well let your finger slip it's like
right you're in your slip oh you didn't
know I didn't let it slip oh I apologize
I pull my god hey everybody older
computers freaking out a little bit of
course
okay we are getting five nights at
freddys all set up for us what's the
plan here the plan is to play the game
who's playing the game I don't know you
want to play it I don't want to land I
don't want to played either yeah I
actually want to read the chip all right
okay hold on I guess I'm the one who's
fated to play you have to play it yeah
yeah yeah you have to play it because of
your picture of me from 31 years ago yes
yes
that is exactly true oh here it is oh
look how spooky that is that is so
spooky rich you know this reminds me of
that was actually kind of an unsettling
game if not outright spooky yeah manhunt
man oh that cheap video theme do it ooh
oh and also philosophy man thanks for
subscribing we super appreciate it but
so oh my god and also super meta gosu
thank you for subscribing we appreciate
it
I might turn these off for the super
spooky games yeah go ahead
I'm okay so I'm gonna turn off the sub
alerts for the super spooky games hold
on cuz you know everybody's going to be
paying attention to the game so that's
the most important thing well you know
just to make sure that it's the
spookiness is preserved alright okay
rich alright take the headphones don't
start yet cuz I need to do a quick audio
check while we're streaming
one of the controls of this thing work
this is not this is mouse only or do I
need to I don't know what's going on is
there a little control thing Oh No
okay five minutes afraid so for anyone
who doesn't know apparently rich has a
history with Showbiz Pizza and this
looks a lot like the showbiz pizza which
is why people wanted us to do it oh my
god I'm so scared
family pizza looking for a security
guard
yada-yada headphones are on I have a
mouse in my hand I don't know if I need
a keyboard okay everything sounds fine I
did turn off the sub alerts
oh so skeletonbill skeletonbill thank
you for subscribing we turned off the
sub alerts just so rich could be scared
what am I supposed to do was there it
wasn't there a cutscene I told you what
to do
wait wasn't message right now okay rich
is the second message we out we are
playing in a very dark and spooky room
rich has headphones on we uh this game
is sucks is so what's up one set that's
just
this kind of reminds me of that cd-i
game with the showering sorority girls I
don't know if I remember that one I
didn't play my CD I'm on the subtler
could spook rich you're right I did
update the stream title ooh spooky oh
did we get that did you April I love you
did you send us banana bread beer hold
on let me check the refrigerator because
if you did I might want to drink some
like right now these characters hold a
special place
so just get where the characters do
can't took wander a bit they're left in
some kind of free roaming mode in fact
something about their servos locking up
they get turned off / - are these the
auto Walker everyday - then there was
the bite of 87 yeah it's amazing with
the human body can live without the
frontal lobe you know now concerning
your safety the only real risk to you as
a night watchman here if any is the fact
that these characters if I happen to see
you after hours probably won't recognize
you as a person most likely see you as a
metal endoskeleton without its costume
on now since that's against the rules
here at Freddy fazbear's pizza they'll
probably try to forcefully stuff you
inside a Freddy fazbear suit now that
wouldn't be so bad if the suits
themselves weren't filled with
crossbeams wires and animatronic devices
especially around the facial area so you
can imagine why having your head
forcefully pressed inside one of those
big complicated
like Makino light again will eat your
eyeball
I'm sorry retailer few so far I'm not
doing anything but looking at cameras
were you super spooked no okay April I
love you I checked I checked the beer
refrigerator and there was no banana
bread beer I think J drank it because
he's a huge asshole I may have missed
something important like when I took my
heads off for Sarah to talk to you
briefly oh my god I'm sorry I don't know
what I'm doing other than looking at
cameras that appears to be yet the
suspense is boring me the suspense is
boring me okay
so what are you supposed to do I don't I
don't know okay you're right the Marcia
the Martha Washington this is exactly as
exciting as being a night watchman so
you're supposed to look at the animals
okay and then what happens um nothing so
far
that's all became is oh god John key oh
no really
I mean I can only assume at one point
you have to do something right I this
footage is very spooky do you think this
you think this is spooky this part is
scary
sure it's there it's creepy imagery it's
definitely creepy imagery button I'm
just looking at cameras what is the what
is the story I'm a night watchman and
the characters might move around at
night and and if they see me they might
try and stuff me in an animal suit
that's filled with robotic so it'll
probably kill me sure
all right guess that means they're
moving oh oh they're moving okay how are
they moving oh okay Oh bed that's really
creepy but then again I think any duck
with teeth would be if a duck is had
teeth if a duck had teeth that would be
creepy as shit you imagine if you were a
duck in your teeth and you had to go to
the dentist
wait so on first I have to imagine I'm a
duck okay I'm a dad all right so so what
should we talk about while I'm waiting
for the game to play itself
well what do you have to do
I had nothing but I mean what's the game
part of I so far the only thing I have
that I can do is I've got a door with a
light okay so you can close the door
that really takes power
I like human teeth not like duck teeth
humidity yeah hey mr. shy smile thanks
for subscribing we super appreciate it
um who do you hear spooky audio is that
cameras audio only well what do I know I
don't hear raining oh sure
are you super spooked out not
particularly okay they're telling me
Jack tell rich to stop using all of his
power so apparently you only have twenty
nine twenty-eight percent power left and
if you use all your power you clicking
on cameras changes users power what game
are you playing five nights at Freddy's
the Shelby's pizza yeah hey Jay what did
you think of that banana bread B
it was delicious okay well thank you for
sending it whoever that was wherever
their screen name is April I love you
well why what do I do
well thank you April I look in this game
this job is pizza you said it's gonna
show this pizza bear-type
aaron i guess the the animatronic things
move and you open see there's one well
you don't see yet Mike but you will and
you have to stop them
is it spooky rich hey nothing yes he
would would you like to play no too
scared
I mean sure what happened mmm
apparently the one thing I can do switch
cameras I'm not supposed to because that
uses power so I think I'm literally
doing nothing that's it that's the whole
game is doing nothing
Oh who's gonna jump out at you that's
the whole game at some point nobody told
me that I look nice today yeah no shit
guys you look very nice
thank you you're wearing it I noticed
that you were dressed up I am I'm
wearing a dress you're wearing a jacket
that's a very nice dress Jesse thank you
let me plant my real shoe also you're
wearing a jacket yeah oh hey lord save
AK thank you for subscribing we're super
vegetated this is my outfit thank you
nice shoes hey Lois I can't tell you why
did they match the dress another part no
they're black I'd like to match my
jacket I literally did nothing I guess
to do a nurse which is a practical this
is what is on every floor go this you do
nothing is Sean Robb doing nothing haha
take out my coins
oh well I better not look at any of
these security cameras because that
might use power
so I'll just sit here okay well hey no
tab X thanks for subscribing we really
appreciate it so so nothing has like a
found footage movie but a video game or
it's just nothing ever happened
somebody's always talking I'm gonna save
maybe I could do something though okay
that's what it looks like yeah those
found footage movies suck you know games
seem really boring I know someone locked
in this room you guys are walking
through an empty ship looking for an
alien why that's a good question money
why don't you guys play that destiny
game I see commercials for all the time
something Kevin Spacey won it looks like
game with Kevin Spacey that's the Peter
Dinklage why what destiny I don't know
it's a game called destiny and I also
sing a game we had our first jump-scare
oh no I missed it we're scared I'm not
particularly I was startled oh okay that
that's all jump scares art I just get
really startled you what other game
reasoning um oh uh tainted energy drinks
turned everyone into zombies
oh we share sunset overdrive that's it
yeah that was like fun these games look
great other guys every game is just
looks like you guys are looking at a
blueprint of a house that's your club
bunch of nerds Hey Lay's 88 thanks for
subscribing we appreciate it
welcome welcome to Mike making fun of
games I love games like dr. Mario yeah
yeah no that is dr. Mario happening
should that be next week we we talked
about it making it happen today but this
is how was Halloween time yeah so maybe
next week we're eating more scary boring
games some yeah
next week we'll counterbalance with
super fun happy games that's great
colorful bright that's a Tetris um dr.
Marc Petrus dr. Mario like maybe like
Yoshi's Island where you
card around Baby Mario fair now can you
play some solitaire Oh solitaire would
be a blast all the time watch happen oh
no for what did you guys do that on a
Sunday one more time we needed the
solitaire we puts out there many times
because out there is a great game so
there's aggregate I love solitaire yeah
that's so all both of you are both your
doors and your security cameras run on
batteries this seems like a terrible
idea
this seems like a terrible idea and why
would it take power to keep a door
closed if the door is closed wouldn't it
just take the power now as everybody
excited do you want to do what do you
still want to say FTL is boring because
I think FTL might be more exciting than
this yeah I think it's not it looks like
you're doing nothing basically so oh
wait there's a thing is that a thing
that's a thing like that what the
question is is what can you do I can
turn on the light I guess the light
scares them off from close the door
before they come in okay this is some
pulse-pounding excitement what is it
with you people in horror games right
these are terrible
I don't yeah I don't understand
okay you know what I had to do I had to
Google the definition of game okay
because it's just as a form of play or
sports especially a competitive one
played according to rules and decided by
skill strength or luck
so in this game
what sort of skill are you using to win
a power management um you're not doing
much sure sure sure but but you know I
suppose technically that's something
it's it's something you there is a game
I guess that's all I'm making sure this
definitely isn't a game it I think
technically this is a game
so now the doors go so you win I don't
know
now you can't open it though right way
because if you open it then I will see
you
bing-bong does he stay there nope here
is anything happened yet I turned a line
on those bear in the doorway so I just
closed the door it was pretty spooky
that sounds really spooky it was pretty
smooth that sounds so spooky hey hey
mustard diet must take that thanks for
subscribing I rode another one you guys
are all friction and a lowly battle
machine three two - welcome to the super
spooky scary Halloween spooktacular and
oh and Collins in the chat a Colin I
Callan
welcome welcome to the scariness Colin
are you super spooked the college said
the doorbell was scarier than the game
oh yeah that's the way it's just like
those found footage movies that's the
way it works it lulls you and bores you
so then when there's a lot of noise
you're startled yeah it's not taking
requires no oh no that was it
I'm done with this game already oh I'm
gone oh my god Jack do you want do you
want to take your turn with this
excitement we've been streaming for like
20 minutes yeah and half of that was the
song so it's like we can't check the
game out the street jet and/or chain I
don't want to play a stupid game I want
I'll give it a try alright I will give
it a try
Cole have no tolerance for cheap jump
scares any month
hold your unless we're doing it just to
fuck with people right doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo
okay I'm gonna beat this game I had to
help do you beat the game yes survive
for five nights or something oh okay
hence the title and time I had to look
up the definition of game to see if this
counted it does I'm sure hold on
okay okay I can now they're a new game
Oh play don't shit your pants we've
talked about that game before right or
someone mentioned it to us before
is it a horror game I don't think so
okay it's just an endurance game we have
a couple more horror games to play this
is terrible this was terrible to look at
but I'm playing now so oh oh Sean of
noise in Halloween three are me to
assume the girl was a robot the whole
time or was she replaced at the silver
shamrock Factory I think she was
replaced at the factory because there's
no reason for a whole time although that
movie who knows it's insane and it
doesn't matter all right no no I hope
you're all happy we've done five nights
at freddy's it is now done
yeah whoopsie it is now a thing mission
accomplished
I played it see the great thing about
experiences like this the rich is now
done it you never have to do it again oh
yeah that's why I wanted to do it there
you go
oh my god you know what happens when you
hit escape in five nights at freddy it
just closes it closes the entire game I
was looking for the option to turn down
the volume a little bow hold the fuck on
god damnit stupid ass
is there not a yeah of course
of course it's not an option no options
no options an option doll for some not
just here no okay I got it I'll turn it
that you gotta have sound up for the
spooks for the spooky to do yeah it's
for the jump scare noise what are you
gonna do if you don't hear the jump
scare noise then it's just a then you
see alright hold on here we go I'm gonna
do this new game where's my mouse oh do
you see that face that's spooky
this is a genre now
Oh
I think last night we shouldn't wish you
to play dr. Mario the Stephen King
drinking game does anyone know what the
Stephen King drinking game is I have no
idea what that is
I'm assuming you drink when you watch
one of his movies and they mentioned
main what also would be appropriate for
a Stephen King drinking game
whatever the ending of the story is kind
of a letdown yeah that's good
alcoholic writer is an alcoholic writer
an order those stories whenever an
interesting premise is wasted whatever
yeah whatever they said a good setup
with though that window follow-through
Oh Stephen King although I've seen more
Stephen King movies and I've read
Stephen King books so I'm going mostly
off of the movie adaptations yeah I read
some of his books I kept trying to read
them because the premises are usually
and though it sounds interesting yeah
take a drink every time the story gets
bogged down with pointless side
characters and too much explanation of
minor details yeah I did want to rewatch
in this Halloween and I found that yeah
that movie spooked me when I was a kid
it were snap did the second half was
kind of a letdown
at least Charles Dickens was paid by the
word piss histories are like most like
that where he just goes on and on
something describing something and it's
because he got paid by the work I didn't
know that yeah really
is it possible that's the case with
Stephen he might have some kind of deal
like that I don't know what else is
spooky Stephen King gets a pass though
because he has a real creep show which
is one of the best technology
these that would be so great I watched
that this week it's not pretentious it's
just we're gonna make shocked yes
absolutely yeah it's got mobile animated
sequences and Creek shows great I think
I get the segment's and one and two
confused
uh two only has three segments part two
okay uh or one half for part one is five
really he's like two hours long yeah
some reason I was thinking that both man
three I haven't seen no creator the only
a three which is kind of let down you
could see the first one there's so many
but the three that are in part two are
all pretty good especially the second
one as the best story of any of those
two movies which is the raft you
remember that one
that's one with above the doily no weird
monster in the water now that one was
good that that was better than anything
in the first movie there's there's
wooden alien monster no alien monster
yeah you mean the Native American a
wooden statue there's something with
cockroaches right that's the first one
yes first one ah there's that one with
Leslie Nielsen that's the tip dance yeah
yeah then is there a homeless man it's
in my car that's the second does he
second one yeah thanks for her tears our
ID lady Stephen King turns into a moss
man yep that's the first one and I don't
remember the Oz oh there's the crate the
monster in the crate okay invade Lee
remember that one's like a university
and there's this crate under the stairs
and they open it it's got this creature
in it and the guy uses it to uh to kill
his alcoholic abusive wife okay okay
that was fun and then I think you need
to all except the first segment of the
first movie which is this family that I
had a really obnoxious father that one
of the children killed and then he comes
back from the dead it's kind of lame
it's not a good start to the series but
everything after that's good
how you feeling about this game jack
deck looks miserable right now Jack just
gave me the finger
you don't have to keep playing the jig
no one's gonna make you fun planet game
later you're not playing a game this is
technically a game in order to be
playing a game you have to be doing
something
no that's not necessarily true as we
found out here well I guess technically
I am doing something because I'm looking
at the cameras I'm using the power right
and because I'm using the power there's
a chance that the creatures can get me
mm-hmm
so there's a chance of I'm losing can we
go back to technical difficulties Thanks
oh look there's a spooky thing he's in
the Pirates Cove thing Oh No but you
can't look around the cameras because
that uses power so all these photo oh
look it's here now fuck this is not
spooky all these spooky things you can
see you shouldn't be using does that
eats power it seems like the smart thing
to do is just turn the lights on in the
doorways every now and then or to
occasionally check the doors that are
near you sure most of this is just
useless well there's something in here
Oh No maybe it's just close the door and
leave it shut but apparently that it
takes power to keep a door closed oh
there's always the option to stop
playing the game - yeah I'm girl you
know come I'm here I'm giving it I
should have just brought Maximo what's
Maximo it's just a little fun game where
you fight ghosts and Tess come out
that's not a horror game is that are
sooo good okey horrigan we've tried jack
we've tried horror games suck but I'd
say it's a horror game if it has some
sort of ghosts or monsters in it every
meal if it's a fun goofy one that's fine
everyone in the chat hates this they
should I think you'd be better off just
taking your headphones off and just
chatting with the whole stream would be
better off if you did that I just want
to see what happens
I just want up nothing I'm playing the
game
all right I think I heard a spooky thing
I only know goblins and ghosts
Oh nabob Oh goblins and ghosts oh I
heard that yeah with spooky a loud noise
startled me I did I moved I went though
because it was really loud and he popped
up yeah so I guess it wins great nah hey
fucking fuck dumbest grief wah thank you
for subscribing what's the game where
you get to be a ghost and you get to
scare people what's the fun game where
you get to be a ghost and scare people
let's play that is that a game iodide
and yeah yeah I've seen that before hmm
get the fuck out of this can we find a
an emulator of the old Texas Chainsaw
Massacre Atari game oh my god happy fun
that would be super great we aren't the
Archie one thank you for summer I don't
know why you're so surprised shit huh
there wasn't that every week though yeah
but this is ass that was well people
demanded that you played it now you play
that they did they wanted us to play
that written yeah are you fucking happy
did they do that just cuz they wanted to
make you miserable then did I just
because of the shoulders Pizza bear okay
so you did this chat thanks speaking of
little bits it's one more lesson never
to listen sorry yeah go on
how's it say speaking of the show of his
pizza bear there may be a new video
posted on the website tomorrow it may or
may not be related to Halloween and our
best of the worst and or red letter
media
which means a probable it won't it's
gonna be part two of the new Plinkett
animated cartoon I know you all love
them they started poking some rabbits
frolicking in those and we're gonna post
that on the website
bye every grain and B Graham they've
started the thing I don't understand is
yeah the new Plinkett cartoon came up
recently yeah they comment on the
YouTube versions of the livestream
videos on the Pre Rec channel about the
cartoon about the cartoon that is
scientist seems very counterproductive
that's it's incredibly counterproductive
reductive that's the wrong word but it
doesn't seem productive that's know is
I've never done it yes look at what what
people have been commenting on the
Pre Rec channel about the Plinektt cartoon
ok saying that they dislike the Plinkett
cartoon on the I'm like you know the
cut-up twitch livestream yeah videos why
yeah comment on the video what if that's
not enough it's not like it's not like
the animated Plinkett is keeping us from
doing other things no and that's what
some people say we we have no
involvement with that we just post it
because honestly we like them that's I
don't understand the hatred for them I
don't get it I think they're it cuz to
me it's more of a clever sound collage
with visuals um not so much this newest
one but the most of the other ones
that's what they are and that's why I
find them entertaining but it's somebody
we have met in person once and he does
them all on his own and we don't even
record audio for them now takes all
pre-exam on water record audio that's
what I like is the way he repurpose
audio yeah um so uh I mean I think it's
been around long enough they're not up
very often and if you don't like them
you know that at this point so this is
you should know to avoid it what does
you guys just make what are you doing
about buying a game okay
oh ah I'm buying a fun game we're gonna
tweet we do have some more spooky games
but I'm gonna take a quick moment and
buy a foot and buy a game that looks
like fun because I want my son is a
spooky fun game yeah okay because horror
games apparently suck
Lee
so give me a second here some of the
Resident Evil games are falling right
yeah I mean you know even like the early
ones didn't age well because of graphic
yeah sure but had a decent atmosphere
and then what was it for was great and
it Resident Evil 4 was fantastic just a
good game hmm
doot doot doot doot doot this is what
it's called thank you ex crunch ex
for sending me a steam chat message
letting me know which game I was talking
about ghostbusters is on sale for ton
Steam for $2.99 says gobbledygook ooh
what we won't have time for that
okay let's just because we like we just
won't
I'm sorry gobbledygook why not I guess
we might I don't know hold on I don't
know what what it matters do we want to
try this out we could do that or Jay
could play alien isolation we know
that'll take two no that'll be the no
border on that one Cecily do want to do
that as a separate that is a separate
thing Jay's alien isolation no board run
in which Jay will play alien isolation
until he gets bored and that will end
the stream yes whenever Jay is done
playing that's a long the stream will
last and then we'll take bets see you
got you guys would be pretty confident
about that because you all seem to love
it yeah okay let's try this one I will
say I don't know about video games when
it comes to movies I have a lot of
patience with slow hemisphere movies
sure yes I don't know how I'll feel
about this game but I'll try imagine a
slow atmosphere two hour long movie
stretched out into 20 hours okay okay
this is listen no no I'm not gonna talk
about it

[Part II]
but hold on Wow things are happening
game or that's that's kind of cute
Oh for maximum scare headphones
recommended Jesus Christ
you know watches Jesus Christ
this game was a was a gift to me
um and it's called real horror stories
Ultimate Edition and this we're gonna do
this we are gonna do this we're gonna do
you know
alright real are stories hey someone
sent me a message saying that they got
this game for 20 cents turn speed thank
you for subscribing I'm sorry what turn
speeds heard speed thank you for
subscribing I'd adopted to the stream
real cool my god no time you want to
play this first you want switch places
out go ahead first
my real Oh roar
Lucas farts I did not see the footage of
alien isolation being edited I only saw
the final video and a little bit of them
playing the game so I think I got a
sense for alien isolation but who knows
I might have a more positive reaction to
it that's true I don't know it's because
I'm not coming from the same perspective
his Jack and rich cuz I don't play games
and when I do it ends in disaster like
when I tried to play lollipop chainsaw
the day we filmed the discussion we
before we actually did the discussion me
and Jack played it together for like two
hours five hours in like that and Jay was
in here for like what ten minutes we
have time so my god yeah yeah yeah
that's about all I think I said is this
all it is Rui
I use that in our discussion because you
came in and said oh yeah
okay and Jesse came in
the exact same I'm prompted by you yeah
first I know this looks good yeah
yeah it looks great and then Mike came
in and said the exact same thing
unprompted by even so it's just like
this is the this how it works real or
you can tell this is a good game because
it's not in twitches database so that
worries but for me I'm not sure what
percentage of that is sarcasm all of it
100 okay okay here it is real horror
stories we're gonna play Oh which name
is Colin incidentally the the purple one
what's his name sir sergeant
Zima okay okay oh this is spooky already
stories tell that forest many lives have
been lost there you are now at the
entrance of terror
do you dare tell off to a great start
hey Karla how you doing
oh is this actual real horror stories do
we know like is this real life things
that have happened yes I think you might
need arrow keys Jack I think it's a
point quick while the idle machine the
dock of the Dead footage will hopefully
be on the eventual blu-ray release I
want people to see it because we spent a
lot of time and work out it most of it
got good there's some good stuff in
there earlier the chat was talking about
our we're so in love that our love is in
love oh we have a feeding frenzy so yeah
where is that song it is this right now
it's just in the movie but maybe we
should release it as its own yeah sure
we're asking about we should do
something with it it's a catchy little
song I'll find my files I study I still
have the files Frodo the Feeny franzine
edit Oh my hard drive so I have it yeah
we should do something with it make a
little video and put it on YouTube or
something
oh god no Colin I was not taking the
flaps for my birthday anyone would flap
sit there like the flapjacks or
something I that's so that's an inside
joke and it'll remain an inside joke how
do i do anything in the game addictive
birthday boy yes we're there probably
will be a limited space con VHS release
I enjoy making the VHS props you like
it's fun didn't know we're doing as far
as blu-ray or DVD or most likely it'll
be well there'll be a digital release of
course but then a blu ray/dvd combo i
think is probably the best way for us to
release it I'm not sure if Jack is
experiencing horror or confusion I'm
leaning towards confusion I have no
fucking idea what I'm doing
I can't move and I can light a candle
and I can poke at all train keys on the
keyboard
I tried a bomb and then every once in a
while a spooky thing happens
maybe that's all that's supposed to
happen this was cheap right oh there we
go how oh did I do it and you did it
you won the game we won the game you
have to click on the doll 50 times oh
did you click on the rope that time no
maybe it's cuz you clicked on the rope
oh my god I'm scared
no way okay it's a picture of a lady
girl great okay somebody sign press tab
jack
oh it's Pookie thing oh really this is
what happens rich Oh God or Chan is
scarier than this oh I lost and lock oh
I didn't lose why I don't understand the
tab thing miss azano peeler soda from
the 1980s that's the joke I'm sorry why
I so what do I do
ah this is tell me you're scared right
which horror game will be the best of
the wars a hometown markup we're getting
there that's a good one we're getting
there what the fuck guys this is your
game do you see you see the little baby
grandma Oh a skull fell down that's
funny I'm not supposed to laugh at
oh are you sure you don't want to play
the Ghostbuster is that an option
tonight ah let's hope it is because but
now fuck you ah
pregnant woman found butcher killer
unknown so I click on it again so
remember before when I looked up the
definition of what a game oh wait hold
on this might be the first game thing oh
look at the holes let's a puzzle it's a
puzzle
here it is guys here's the ferret first
actual game part of the game oh yeah are
you telling me this game was only twenty
cents
thank you for whoever gifted this to me
ah because there's no any the one you
just drop before that one that clearly
goes up next oh yes hey first of all I
can put together goddamn puzzle this is
a ghost face gonna pop up the minute you
put this together uh that has to happen
Rob obviously that has to happen this
this fills me with a lot of I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna lie to you here
Oh Andy they like scoop together when
you get him close asking to get a gothis
so you're putting together a puzzle of a
spooky headline of a newspaper yeah yeah
Jay yeah that's not okey this no I'll wait
well is the one of the far right goes in
that corner alright no virus so don't
under that one it's just hey hey hey one
yeah that goes there back there I can
put the carrot god damn puzzle this is
just scary for me we need to play a
different game oh oh
nothing is more frightening than puzzles
this is this is the scariest win
those 95 time killer game okay wait
that's for the last piece in guy's
solitaire scary ruin is what's gonna
happen what are the bets search for
missing child so once I put this piece
in is a child's face gonna appear yes
okay but bloody eyes okay buddy I count
face but gonna do it tab what what what
that's the scariest thing that could
have happened I have to do it again wait
oh no now this is a mission blood fuck
you game you whoever made this him fuck
everything about life oh my
Jesus well this is I mean this is like
being stuck in purgatory and that's
pretty scary sure you know it you know
sometimes really for sometimes it's the
stories you write yourself Joe a
petition mmm jesus fucking christ
there's a sequence in name random street
for where they get stuck in like a time
loop and they keep living the same
moment over and over she look like that
that's spooky
it is spooky if you're in the time loop
you don't know any different but they
slowly realize that they are neighbor
and on the street for is good stuff even
though it has absolutely no blood oh
okay okay we're doing this we're doing
this I don't know why we're doing this
but I've got to do something on a
Wednesday night that's what I always say
fuck well usually you know you should
try do something productive so I have
fuck that I oh that goes oh that goes
there productive it's been a very
productive week I don't know I can't
speak for Jack what they happen again I
clicked away or something
if you oh fuck if you click down here
yeah okay set you back alright
I got this now okay you have you were
having a productive week jegos it's been
a very productive week so rate you you
can you know is a good night to sit back
and relax yeah I know lots and lots and
lots of editing has been happening this
week with it some various projects so
that's great oh yeah I don't know about
you though I was just speaking about not
us no talk about you that's fine have
you have you had a productive week Jack
Ray feel that this is okay to unwind and
put together a puzzle over and over I
feel I feel like this is entertaining
enough to be okay I feel like because
we're doing it um and I might have to
send an angry email to whoever made this
game top left the top left top left
piece goes in that that bottom corner up
no no uh-uh yep yeah take a fucking
riches below amen I'm all over this
puzzle and anytime rich starts backseat
gaming you know it's gonna be good nice
one fine I'll show ya I'll let you click
aimlessly for the next 45 minutes we all
want to move on with our lives okay okay
oh it boomed at that time boom it boomed
I heard that it was a it wasn't a child
it was an adult oak that was that click
to save but it didn't have the bloody
eyes it did have the bloody face mr.
awesome the name random street movie
with cartoonist kid is parked five then
he gets attacked by super Freddy pretty
dumb but I liked it
very scared yet Jack well is issue but
is the gimmick are those real headlines
why they call in this real horror
stories that might be the case that
might be a real headline of sorts they
probably didn't make that in which case
that's kind of a bad taste it's him
so no alt tab does is legacy well shows
you what you can't click it just shows
you what you can Chloe so what's the
game then click on the click on the box
click and little skull comes out oh I'm
digging I'm digging oh the thing
happened
great fuck you fuck you game ah it's a
cute girl ghost she looks so happy
I just want as I had to scoot over so I
can see some of the spooky game see some
of the spookiness live yeah that's a
ghost that's creepy isn't that spooky
and look their skulls are here now you
click on this one oh uh Oh No
huh this is the game that's amazing this
is the game well maybe then you need to
click them both together oh one of the
crosses we were clickable too or no no
it's only these two now did you dig
enough on the skulls yeah can't click on
that many walk there's nothing scarier
than yellow squares can you drag them oh
yes can you hit them with a shovel yeah
but I click a lot I can only click on
the graves oh now I could forget there's
an allure to this apparently I clicked
on Hindman oh this is amazing
ok ok whoever made it this is a
practical joke they did not think this
was really scary this was like an art
project and they were like we're I'm
gonna test the limits of what can be
considered a game Oh dick dick Nichols's
stop stop stop playing the game that's
what the ghosts are saying ok lutely
there Oh
whoa yeah I don't know what you're
talking about Jack this all looks pretty
scary yeah it's super spooky that's a
big fire I guess it's scary if you're
afraid of spiders guess is never that's
the height of horror I think I did it Oh
jack by the way I'm not playing this
game I own I I'll write reviews let's go
it just came out eh I meant this good
cuz that's scary that's not someone the
chat is saying this game was released on
April 1st
Oh so hey okay so yeah it was a jump J
wait till you see this jump scare oh I
just oh wait no I didn't see it wait to
see what's gonna pop up he's pretty
scary whoa
yeah this is not a real game what else
you got hold on I mean now I'm into it
what else will they come up with yeah
you kind of want to you have to make a
pentagram yeah does anyone else feel
like Halloween is over already
because trick-or-treating and stuff was
this last weekend cowboy was so watered
down at this point
hmm I mean the fucking Christmas
decorations go up they went up like a
week key talents Yeah right
oh I don't know probably let's feel like
by having a Halloween happened last
weekend so but now by the time we get to
this Friday everyone's already done all
their Halloween stuff that was like a
real game thing
obviously it was obvious that I had to
draw a pentagram but it it didn't let me
like I couldn't just click random bugs I
actually had to draw a pentagram with
the mouse like that was a game that was
that was a bit of a game element
you're right klompen bingo XCOM could be
considered a scary game there's there's
aliens an FTL that that's a horror game
okay I made it past that bar so I can
quit now fuck this game okay we have two
options yeah what time is what what
aren't I good sentai eighty eight forty
so my god it's early kena first of all
get out of here stop it just feels long
because you were playing five nights at
freddys oh my god
exit games stupid can you find an
emulator of any sort of night random
street or Friday the 13th NES games not
high club not in the time we have and we
have other we can think of we could take
a break we could take a break and get
some emulators you play whatever you
want right now and we'll go from there
we have to I I have two more options for
spooky games I really thought those
might last a little longer than 59s um I
guess my mistake for thinking Jesus fuck
jeez fuck hold on just wait
we have either a we have outlast which I
don't know anything about but a lot of
people were saying because we were so
harsh on alien outlast is the game that
really does it this is what atmospheric
or is fear course is not the appropriate
atmosphere though for that to work okay
then let's play a fun game and that will
take a break and see if we can find some
emulators or real cartridges of games we
own try to find some of it so really we
have some in doing the back somewhere so
bring it did you bring it controller
our

[Part III]
okay here it is
a fun game I don't know if you gave
those games the proper chance nope sure
didn't I wasn't a what you know what I
wasn't playing it on hard mode okay turn
it with the sub alert back on so what
game are you playing we're gonna play a
super fun game called haunt the house
terror town ooh that sounds super fun
hey you play a ghost oh look at how fun
and cute this looks doesn't mean it'll
be good
nope nope we've had nothing but shit so
far rich have you ever played prison
architects yes give anything to say vote
for him it's it's it's it's neat okay
it's a game that's actually still in
development as well as early I think
yeah but so far it's mean you build and
manage prison the prisoners sometimes
you don't kill each other sometimes they
Co guards they have riots you can send
out the right guards to beat them down
hold on we have to update this dream
every time they update the game though
this pulled over for cannabis I was a
magnetic yeah so weird it's great
because then if you accidentally knock
it off that's this one call to get up
onto that no I'm sure that's not gonna
have a twitch thing Oh what the fuck are
you
Jesus Christ I'm not paying attention a
top spot gamer thank you for subscribing
haunt the house terror town dinner has a
razza is in the twitch database alright
go figure
Go Fish hi where's my mom Oh
close your ghost with the arrows hey
play Brian Butterfield's house want if
there is a Brian Butterfield game oh my
god these Palin's say we're gonna baby
look at this look at this rich yeah are
you controlling the ghost I hear
something about a Brian Butterfield
being according to collie says there's a
Jay played Brian Butterfield house honks
oh and he spills house for the hide
before the II I don't know if that's a
typo or Oh or is that a reference to a
video he made or is that an actual thing
I have no idea but if that's it that
sounds like it's for related so we exist
and it's Brian Butterfield so it's
probably funny
Oh your main a joke Colin damn it you
got my hopes up oh you know I that's
probably from one of his videos no
remembering that where he makes his own
video game system I don't remember a
whorehouse one though but I probably
just forgot maybe I remember when he
makes the yeah his only console Jack are
you doing anything in this game yet yes
come on gave us a Canadian story
Canadians sorry his ease of the end
remember know sometimes asking about the
boost the Goosebumps books today did you
guys ever read the goosebump books I
think we're all too old yeah I think so
yeah this came out when I was a little
bit older I think those came out when I
was in high school I was watching Return
of the Living Dead when I was like six
so whose bumps wouldn't appeal to me
even as a little kid I wasn't the more
more hardcore porn than that
there's a little bit tame for me
although I did like are you afraid of
the dark and Nickelodeon I remember
enjoying that show are you trying to do
things to scare people oh oh we gotta
know what the fuck
whoa whoa whoa Lucy thank you for
subscribing
it looks cute it does it doesn't appear
to be doing anything so fun gift wait
they're using the things as you want
maybe I don't have it
so it's like he out over here is the
atmosphere oh oh here I can haunted
skeleton for the first time tonight I've
been entertained my Oh Lando was taken
the night breed director's cut not only
have I not seen it I think it came out
this week but I've never seen the
theatrical cutter night breed have
either ever seen that the clapper now no
I'm gonna check out the director's cut
I've always avoided the theatrical cut
well just cuz I never got around to it
and to because I'd news heavily edited
cable I don't think I ever watched yeah
I never saw it but I like Clive Barker
and the director's cut is released
through screen Factory
screen factory so I'll check it out
eventually no three back berry I don't
know hey I didn't I didn't have
goosebumps when I was younger but I did
watch like tales from the dark side
oh well sure tell us I'm the cryptid the
rock side till to the crib till the dark
side there's another one monsters oh
yeah monsters is on or it was last time
I checked it was all on Netflix
totally yeah it's only like two seasons
but there's a good episodes in there
last time I went back to watch one they
were so cheap oh sure so unimaginably
dude I was it monsters there was an
episode of monsters that scared the shit
out of me as a kid it was this guy and I
watched it recently and it's not scary
anymore but I found out that Martin
Scorsese directed the episode which is
kind of crazy but it's a sky that he
looks in a reflective surface he sees a
guy like this deformed person behind him
yeah I'm the reflection and every time
he looks in the in a reflective surface
it gets closer and that concept scared
the shit out of me as a kid the actual
episode watching it now as an adult is
not scary but the idea was creepy
there's one I tells from the darkside
thing I always got to me just at a
conceptual level was I got a woman and
she buys these like weight-loss
appliances weight loss boy yeah she puts
them on she puts the glasses on her food
talks to her and they have cute little
faces and they made pleading with her
not to eat them yes she can't eat
because every food she looks at is like
begging for its life holy shit that's
great she eventually starves to death oh
my god I need to see this
yeah text from the dark side I think I
watched the least so there's probably
kind of episodes I've never seen I've
watched it every watched it recently on
youtubers okay it's okay okay I'll look
it up okay I'm assuming it doesn't hold
daughter
I stole music to me okay got a fucking
house
isn't a creepy beer Oh amazing stories
that's what the the that was the show
that had the the the reflection well
okay amazing stories not monsters
amazing stories is on Netflix mazing
stories a little bit classier than
monsters I know I watched monsters but I
don't know if I would remember any
episodes of it I'd have time I bet if I
saw one I'd be like oh it's that episode
but yeah I was thinking of amazing
stories it's freezing stories one where
a woman turned into a gargoyle
oh she was she really was a girl okay
yeah amazing stories was more it had
some more episodes but it was more
fantasy yeah yeah some good episodes
there
I know jack ah
Venus coupe you spook host spooky ghost
at least six thousand five yes lots of
girl for Tales from the Crypt
that was my showgirl we know is it was
always exciting cuz it was on cable so
they could swear there was gold
occasionally there was some unity it was
the most amazing thing when you were a
small child yes it was so great as long
as he didn't watch the bullshit edited
versions that were on some stations
actually to be over there good cheesy
fun yes yeah yeah always had fun with it
killer Santa Claus is a little bit
disturbing to me oh yeah I think that's
the first episode wasn't I think that
was the pilot yeah that was good yeah I
like that one I really like you never
see the one with Morton Downey jr. what
happened where he was investigating a
supposed haunted house and they were
broadcasting live and might have and
then they're actual ghosts in the house
that one creeped me out as a kid I don't
remember what I think I did that sounds
familiar
yeah what's another good Tales from the
Crypt out what the point of this game is
I mean it's super fun cuz like you're
spooky ghosts ah do you have to make
them leave the house oh that's probably
you probably have to clear out the house
in a houseboat in this case safe too
scared of you and then you know you know
a direction that would make them leave
oh yeah okay okay you got original
gobbledygook yes I did like the Tales
from the Crypt yeah a midnight movie
bordello of blood the nights fun though
mainly because of billy zane and william
sadler they're both great men and
they're Miller's in it yeah that was fun
am I gonna call it a good movie but it's
fun
countless sueños a common swing up note
the spooky meter at the bottom so
there's some kind of spooky mirror so
does the spooky meter mean that I've run
out of okay guys how creepy you people
think the house is I don't I don't know
is it getting higher yeah is there any
danger of losing or you just probably I
mean this must be like get out of my
fucking house this is what we've
resorted to for a horror game and I'm
fine with that so far it's been better
than anything else we played not that I
know I think when the meter fills I run
out of spook that's what I would assume
yeah guess I'll ask Jay both Twilight's
already who really gets back somewhere
nice working in on the twilight zone
movie you ever see The Twilight Zone
movie no no I haven't come outta here
aren't you freaked out by this well
they're looking at it now they're I mean
it's hard to get over the the John
Landis segment with its while I'd say
moving
I'm talking go man who's smoking people
I'm smoking people get out of here run
the other way you dickheads it's not
safe in here isn't this just a ribs over
hurry up
yes I'm saying the more the meter fills
up the more stuff you can dirty
oh well then great get out of the house
get out of the house this guy this
asshole get out of here
yes it's not one afraid easily have you
have to do something really spooky to
frighten him I don't know yeah basically
just button mashing uh yeah but you know
kind of because um cuz he have to get
him out the house he came out to do it
strategic rich snow Jack he needs to
press W and a W and hey oh yeah I see
when you know oh oh I get it you can do
more things as that makes us I get it oh
my god hey what are your what are your
thoughts and opinions on Twilight Zone
movie um oh god can you get over the
John Landis segment Oh doesn't that
doesn't that kind of just overshadow the
entire movie it overshadows that segment
yeah I haven't seen that movie I don't
know if I've seen that movie since I
before I knew about that whole incident
okay cuz I watched it a lot when I was
not a lot but I watched it a few times
when I was a kid and liked it no I
haven't watched it since discovering all
that so I don't even know I have fond
memories of it I think is Joe Dante that
the one with the little kid and all the
relatives are scared of it
you could do anything it's like like God
like yeah yeah I remember liking that
one a lot and then the John Lithgow
there's something on the way Marie I
don't even remember much of the jump a
segment has a racist right and he gets
like yeah big time or something he is
the victim of racial incidents okay got
history
okay he's Joe and Germany's that's right
yeah okay yeah oh god that would be hard
to watch now knowing knowing the story
behind what happened so I don't know I
haven't watched it since
which one am i oh okay I'm doing good in
this one well I think I just killed the
man I think I just killed a man
it's quite possible I just kill the man
okay this house is terrifying I'm gonna
go to a different place that's not so
this way are all segments for the
sharing - weren't they the Kidman was
the John let's go
one was probably all were then I don't
know I remember there's one of them like
I think Spielberg had directed it it's
got his fingerprints all over it with
the old folks home yeah this is small
see why is this in the twilights okay
it's really capable of schmaltz Twilight
Zone was just supernatural not
necessarily Cora I guess and the
wraparound is with Dan Aykroyd right him
and Albert Brooks are drivin he's like
you want to see something yeah we're
liking that actually creeped me out as a
kid back when things used to scare me I
wish I could see her now I can't get
scared anymore don't associate dan
Aykroyd was scary
no not usually they caught you off guard
yeah that's him in overbrook's they're
both comedy good yeah yeah I think the
bluntness of it is what was scary
because it wasn't like anything clever
or creative it's just oh he's a monster
now these two guys they're goofing
around having fun of it oh he's a
monster what's what's the story behind
the John the with the couch segment if
you're thinking about thinking about the
John Landis segment the John Landis
directed segment yeah just just look it
up I don't want to get too into it
yeah buddy down buddy it's depressing
highly depressing yeah it's not a good
situation
Oh tales from the darkside the movie
they made one yeah yeah I haven't seen
that in a really long time I haven't
even think I remember any at the
wrap-around I think is with a witch
that's got like a kid trapped and she's
gonna cook him and he keeps distracting
her by telling these stories I think
that's the setup for it okay I don't
remember any stories
is there a mommy in it no God
just subscribe Oh what story oh thank
you for subscribing
we're being super spooky I will tell you
this is getting old incredibly fast 20
minutes ago it's still pretty cute but
yeah well people are saying blondie was
the witch Deborah hey Debbie Harry was
the witch brilliant tales from the
darkside movie okay well that's great
I should read watch that I like horror
anthology movies I like them so much
I've even sat through those shitty VHS
movies I just watched VHS 3 the other
day because I'm a glutton for punishment
and it may be the worst movie I've seen
all year I was like steady subscribe
he's even gonna what the fuck in the
channel can you get a shout-out as Mike
thank you for subscribing oh i'm mike
has sent us DVDs too so thank you for
that definitely like you on where should
you send us the lemon watch them but
eventually I want to watch the Halloween
3 I think is the one you centrist right
now is my series 1 this Halloween
Halloween howling
seekers mm-hmm yes the new VHS is
terrible like even by the standards of
those movies so fucking it may be angry
I can't even lie somebody watched a
movie that made me angry like hey just
like a movie and I'll get annoyed but I
was mad which was already realize like
this is a ripoff yeah it was terrible
give me some chicken you missed it we're
talking about you earlier
brief shows great baby sure it was great
I've never seen Creepshow 3 I guess it's
unrelated that is horrible I didn't even
know there was it was Eric the video
sequel that came out like I don't know
maybe five six years ago
Oh completely unrelated to anyone that
had anything to do with the original
movies so is the object crusty crusty
FIPS are thank you alright
that's an awful man it is a terrible
name oh this one I give a fucking
dinosaurs face yeah I mean listen it's
all fun I'd rather do this then any of
the other games we have played tonight
it doesn't seem like what you're doing
takes any kind of skill no like any exit
Murray
but it does look highly amusing so it's
got there
no if you saw this anime movies we will
not watch them probably that's almost
guaranteed it's actually pretty good if
it is guaranteed it's not even almost
yeah that's guaranteed none of us are
really into anime it's time and it's
hardly for the offer
it's for teak those you know there's cuz
you know what are you gonna say this
character is drawn shittily you know
like well I guess yeah it depends are
you a saint send us anime movies for
best of the worst or just a lot just to
watch either way none of us really want
to do it best of the worst anime though
I don't think we could i I honestly
don't know enough about anime where I
can really say there might be boom that
are so bad they're funny I had no idea
got a new one I just know I've watched
some stuff and it wasn't my thing some
women bow ski thank you for subscribing
let's go with Mary Lewandowski Oh Colin
st. Jim is here to jam Jim what's your
your name now we're all there to say him
I'm everyone's gonna say I'm Jim wait
for Colin so much what his name Colin
who is Jeffrey what's his name
oh you know I wish we were playing doing
three tonight the top spot gamer I wish
we were playing doom 3 now play doing
three yeah now get it yeah Kevin I'm
done all puppies it'll probably shut me
up cuz I'll be playing the game and not
paying attention Adrian I want to I want
to focus on guys come here on pokey oh
now this is a game looking like a poke
some people are coke you know doom 3 is
actually a little bit scary
in all honesty yeah do be sandwich now
that's a fun memory you guys come up
with this stuff what how's that spooky
by the way he puts on a thing a mustard
guy what is a very nice this is kale
define what anyway mochi is a very nice
place in the summer don't visit here in
the winter it's very nice for about
three months
that's it or if you come in the winter
bring bring your snowsuit no just don't
come in the winter I like this horrible
better basket case Franken hooker or
brain damage I'm gonna go with brain
damage I think brain damage transcend
this feat movie schlock into something
more creative and interested in artistic
while still being b-movie schlock it's a
wonderful film it's very visual and
creative I like that Frank Hannon modern
run ran America Oh rain is great I just
watched that the other day I watch that
every October that's one of my Halloween
staples say I'm not a Whore guy I
haven't seen any of those movies now
yeah VP everything random eater no I
haven't animators good that's not Frank
Kenan Lauder I think he was talking
about movies by a specific director but
reanimated other on that kind of
transcends just being a dome
be movie it's really creative and
Jeffrey Combs is great nut was thank you
for subscribing reckless witless wek le
SS hey dick neutral yes bad biology a
great return for Frank Hannon Lauder I
got very excited because that movie was
being shot shortly after our movie the
recovered and our lead actors Tina for
Mac I found out this is in the days of
MySpace she posted something about how
she's in my army Kenneth waters new
movie and I immediately sent her like a
private message I was like you're in a
Frank and Lauder movie but that's so
awesome
so neat I got to see a new Frank Hannon
Lauder movie and I got to see a friend
of mine in a new Frank Animoto movie
yeah bad biology is just bad shit you
just kill people would you kill this
time nurse o zaptor I don't know if
you're supposed to kill people
I assume you are get out of my house I
think these are my houses is the story I
kind of want to win because I feel like
I'm close now no don't go up go down I
can only hope their ghosts come up cuz
their girls have been flying away they
die pretty thanks guy go get out no I
don't go up don't go up you fuckwad J
are we doing any more conventions any
time from suing it uh probably after
space cops done yeah well we'll bring
copies but
we kind of got burnt out we did a few
and by the time we did the Toronto Fan
Expo it was just so crowded where it's
like part of our goal our part of what
we wanted to do when we go to the
conventions is be able to make
entertaining videos and and it was so
packed we couldn't make a video so we
made a video about the fact that it was
too crowded to make a video it gets kind
of exhausting and I don't think
conventions are really earthling but
we'll see maybe we can do some
screenings and stuff when space cops
done we'll see
rich help Jack with strategy here oh hey
I couldn't kill that guy in this spooky
get the fuck out of my house yeah the
old Clair convention I don't think we'll
ever top that coverage where it's just
like laying face down on the ground oh
shit all over that is a funny bit Turks
Benson's are you guys playing any scary
video games anytime you go back to real
horror stories no there we have a scary
video game and we might have to go get
the Ghostbusters game
what's the Ghostbusters dammit you know
in order to enjoy that you need to be
able to pay attention to what they're
saying
the term is just hearing those actors as
those characters yeah doing lines
yeah thanks true get out of here so I
think this is where the game starts is
where you have to just figure out how to
get people out of your fucking house
whatever you're done jack come on take a
break
fuck I'm into this at first I was at
first I was kind of hatin
yeah and now and now I just want to I
want to win
I feel like winning is a thing I can do
who's still here this morning winning is
that true yes I don't I don't know if
that is true oh I'm out okay how do you
lose I don't think you do lose I think
you just don't win okay
or maybe that maybe that has something
to do with the bells the Ghostbusters
game is great I'm not sure of a stream
that's the best place to appreciate it
though for us or for them both oh you
sure maybe said you really need to be
able to swim the dialogue in that game
because that's that's most of it I've
seen some of the cutscenes and stuff I
watched all of it but no thang yeah
seeing that stuff was nice see how do I
get this fuck out of here get out of
here
yeah keep going
get out of here there's the door
there's no yeah thank you you too get
out of here get out here just comes back
that's weird
scare do they have to be they have to be
scared and running in direction who do I
have left I have two more people left in
that or one more person left in the
house who's left in the house who's left
in here reckless favorite horror film is
the exorcists
I think the Exorcist is a perfect movie
Dawn of the Dead
Donna the dead yeah that's a good one
actually I just I rewatched because this
is the thing I do sometimes I wake up
every morning before I get to work I
decide I'm gonna watch a movie so I
watched Rosemary's Baby at 7 o'clock
this morning and uh I've always liked it
but when re watching it I think that may
have jumped up to one of my favorite
movies of all time
actually just does Evil Dead to come
sure counts it's got skeletons and
monster and that is my favorite whole
movie people dead to you
that's a very fair of favorite horror
movie though I like it for the non whore
elements yeah it's not scary yeah but
it's fun but I remember seeing an
exorcist Scott we released in theaters
when was that like 10 years ago
do you remember really no I got really
Cynthia and I remember going to see it
and my friend Nate was with us he's this
huge guy very buff guy and he was like
practically and one of her other friends
laughs by the end of the movie he was so
scared and then there are other people
like younger people the fear that were
laughing every time she swears that's
like an it's not that funny I don't know
some people find it funny just because
it's a little bitter swearing but I find
it incredibly unsettling okay for dr. J
Jim's name is Jim underscore oh yeah he
jim type of commenter so i can click on
it they make you a mod yeah cuz if
you're a mod then you can do shit that
we can know who you are
yeah you're putting me to sleep jack
well good night
the thing is great
the thing is great haven't seen you nerd
that's right you've never have a thing
now that's pretty incredible I should
that should bring that for Halloween
part I got I'll bring you do that you
bring that I'll bring your dark I always
associate the thing I never watch it
around Halloween's that's like takes
place you know it's all snow and winter
so I every just think of watching that
like when there's our first big
snowstorm every year Oh Jim can't type
of camera because it's in subscriber
motive oh no that would make sense I
don't know how these things work and
take it out of subscriber that's up to
you I'm gonna do it or we just need to
know is have um your actor Jace's just
type when you get read it dr. J's got a
thing
yeah where what am I looking at whatever
actor Jay typed oh I see okay I will do
this just type it into the chat box and
I'll try it I think I didn't know cured
speed yes I plan on watching things
again there'll be a part of art or
Halloween party famous things fuck you
now we're talking we can compare it
might be better that's a great idea
hello Jim hi Jim get out of our fucking
house it's like a 1 what asshole after
their favorite movie of all time I can
never decide on a face things these
things rotate depending upon your mood
yeah yeah
fight fight clubs always runner for the
top slot in my mind it's very surprising
why is this crushing um
I could put any one of my my favorites
but it's good yeah I always liked his
people mention a movie I'll be like gods
for my favorite movies and I realize I
say that about probably doubles of
movies
I don't know I want to graduate
I love Eraserhead I love taxi driver so
if I had to narrow it down maybe those
three but that'll probably change
tomorrow I didn't do I have looked at
I'm just I'm just like why does Fight
Club is so surprising that movies
everything about that movie is amazing I
don't know I'm not saying it's not a
good movie huh I'm just saying it's it's
a way to know that about me why do you
know you know I don't know anything
about anything it's like who's left I
got one like oh I can make that list of
movies I like gremlins oh yeah that
that'd be an endless list yeah
aliens alien or so aliens with me oh
that's not much of a horror guy we've
had this conversation
where the fuck who is this a person
that's an extra mold thing yeah an
ex-con I know I came out wrong
gremlins to was not better very gremlins
to is great in its own way I think it's
a fantastic sample
I like sequels that completely fuck with
everything that made the original great
Texas Chainsaw Massacre to does that as
well
there's a straightforward movie yes
gremlins is better than gremlins to
gremlins 2 is a great satire though
sorry see the standard of what movie
would you watch over and over I'm a
desert island yeah that's not
necessarily your favorite movie that's
no the most very watchable movie would
yeah that is a different different yeah
god I think of Saveur for that type of
ringing oh sorry watchable for me might
be escaped from New York and I know you
don't like that one that much I don't
hate I definitely don't hate it
okay that's when I find myself free
watching more than a lot of other movies
that I know are better movies that's the
thing sometimes I think a really great
movie so I'm not tempted to watch them
all that often so I don't know and you
know if you only had that one movie to
watch over and over again sooner or
later you would hate it yeah or love it
it's just no matter I think that's the
real thing is no matter what the movie
you're probably gonna end up like
there's there's no movie that you would
be able to watch infinity times yeah and
still love it I don't it says there's
still a person left in here well I know
I say that for the chat Oh what's in the
coffin there's somebody in the coffin
the sarcophagus yeah but I don't know
how to
I don't know maybe you're fucked
all right farts can you knock it over
with something can you possess it no I
cannot possess it
and I can't like this guy does this but
I don't think that's a you know can you
poke it now I cannot poke it well I
don't know then you're just fucked it's
quite possible that I don't know what
I'm doing but it bothers me that there's
that one in there long rich the Empire
Strikes Back well I guess your opinion
overrides of mine what does the Empire
Strikes Back is the best that's it
that's a Star Trek movie okay I think it
was I think with Star Trek before Mac
died I know that's the one where uh
Spock is revealed as Kirk's father okay
okay I get those Star Trek movies yeah
yeah lousy yes escape from LA is the
same as Escape from New York only stupid
or somebody's somebody's got a
suggestion for you jack okay do you want
to figure this out on your own um no
what's the suggestion above the
sarcophagus snap of the thing thank you
good somebody's played this game a turd
speed a better question is what John
Carpenter movie hasn't been remade yet
big trouble a little shot big diner the
thing they've got Halloween they done
the fog uh I would call scape Rabelais a
remake what else have they done assault
on precinct 13 which is one that came
out and everybody forgot about
immediately Oh the eyes of Laura Mars in
enid direct that didn't he wrote that oh
um are there any other remakes that
might be all of them I feel like
everything he's done has been remade but
I hope they never remake there'd be no
point of remaking big trouble there's no
real point no not but
that doesn't stop them yeah that one in
particular though it wasn't we used to
think it wasn't a huge hit at the time
it's more of a cold things so that was
assault on precinct 13 they remain that
okay but that's a pretty solid basic
action premise as opposed to big trouble
mill China which is just kind of weird
so that would be a hard one to remain in
pointless you couldn't do it better no
no yeah not that any of the remains have
been better but I'm just saying well
John Carpenter's remake the thing was
better so there's always exceptions I
meant of John Carpenter movies sure sure
did either of you see the new assault on
precinct 13 no I actually been doing the
original one until a couple years ago I
saw that late in my my John Carpenter
watching solid movie there are you know
a good remake can happen oh sure I think
we talked about this on the Halloween
commentary track like there's a very
small list whenever people say well
there's some good remakes they always
bring up like the same five or six
movies sure it's always the thing the
fly um one of the other ones now I don't
even remember a lot of people say the
Dawn of the Dead remake which I know
you're not a fan of that the opening 10
minutes of that movie though are pretty
amazing
okay the rest of the movie watchable
even those opening 10 minutes are pretty
if the movies stopped as soon as she got
inside the mall absolutely zombies are
inherently not as creepy as slow they're
more visceral where some people find
scarier but obviously there would be a
more real threat
yeah but just in terms of being a movie
and atmosphere they're not as creepy
Wednesday shambling Court right that you
get the they're trying to evoke a
different reaction from the audience
with that zombies yeah yeah no okay I
I'm gonna say the first ten minutes yes
those 10 minutes already is really great
I agree
everything up to the opening credits
with Johnny Cash song
well the movies okay but man oh no you
know the the the little thing with the
girl or does that happen first yeah that
happens before the credits oh there's a
long stretch before the credits all
right then I'm with you uh Ocean's
eleven I've never seen the original so I
don't know but it's Cohen says Jay what
about the thing remake remake Oh God
what about the thing game based on the
remake of the remake no there was thing
video game based on the John Carpenter
movie right that was based on the remake
I believe there's a thin game that takes
place after the John Carpenter thing
okay I'm done with this
I beat it that's what I win oh holy I
think so knows Cory if that was it I'm
really upset
how much was that game oh it was like
five bucks it's worth 5 bucks I feel bad
saying that it was cute no let's go over
here and let's I want to see how much
this game was ok here is one of the
options quit
I would put the blob remake up there
with great remakes too so I watch that a
couple weeks ago for the first time
since I was a kid and it's wonderful I'm
done with that it's so well written it's
a really solid script and great
practical effects
how much were you how to haunt the house
what's a $4.99 when you pay for right
five bucks I feel bad because I'm sure
I'm sure people spend a lot of time to
make that hey thank you
it is super cute kind of fun I I mean I
had a good time but only because right
before it we played the stupid real
horror story that's what calls for Doom
3 I don't know if we could download that
quick enough that's the real thing
because we'd have to download it you see
and we we don't have it well why don't
we take a break and we'll see if we can
find our legally obtained copies of
spooky NES games ok ok
we've been streaming for a while anyway
so we can take a little break well uh
put we'll leave this on no I legally
owned the Friday the 13th game that's
what I'm saying out here but I do know
it's here it's in the back we have to
look for it we're gonna go get it
legally speaking we have to go that's
fine
that's fine break time

[Part IV]
Jack Curtis Ben I think that's safe to
say well that's okay yeah here all right
all right I did buy this game as a kid
though there you go
done actually my parents bought it Wow
but that's okay you know what that is
okay it's weird to me that it's that the
image here is Freddy from nine random
Street part two when his hand has the
blades coming out of it oh yeah you
think they would want the iconic normal
Freddy they just picked any stock photo
that they could yeah it probably okay
are you still hearing glitchy stuff no
now I'm hearing the spooky music
hopefully everybody else is hearing the
spooky music are they okay
press buttons do they hear the spooky
music yes spooky music is onions hope
there it goes again
okay great let's look look let them soak
it in for a minute here okay let's see
can you press a button oh wait don't
press the button yet okay cuz I got
that's too late I already pressed two
buttons but they didn't do anything
my gobbledygook GABA think ups my
headphone legal activity shut this dream
town odd mutation you're right we were
being deaf so what's everyone in the
chat what's your favorite nightmare and
on the street movie it's the first one
right everyone's just gonna say that
aside from the first one let me ask that
because the first one is a classic
what's your favorite neighborhood all
streets sequel let me know you're
Sherlock but I I enjoy every there's not
a single night Meryl Streep movie that I
don't enjoy on some level I think the
worst one is probably two six Freddy's
Freddy said no two is amazing is it for
all the the weird homosexual undertones
that are subtle at all that movie is a
great story about a boy wrestling with
his sexuality but no it's pretty sad is
probably the worst but I saw that in the
theater the first one I saw in the
theater I was like 13 at the time but my
friend's mom took us and we bore the 3d
glasses
it was exciting even though the movie
sucked from what I remember those movies
I'm going with three that was the dream
warriors three and three is pretty good
yeah that one's genuinely pretty good
that was the one that Wes Craven came
back for and he wrote a draft of the
script yeah and then someone else came
and rewrote the entire thing oh but it
was Frank Darabont that co-wrote they do
so okay which I start playing the game
now you can start playing now okay one
player is this just rolls down yet
Knight is it's just called Nightmare on
Elm Street yeah I'm gonna go in this
building I don't remember what the goal
of this game is oh my god oh I gotta
click these are Freddy's bones that's
what it is I've got to run around and
collect all of Freddy's bones look at
this and who do you who are you my
generic man you're not even like a
carrot spiders in any other movies oh my
god can I jump off you fight Freddy I
think so oh okay I can't touch the
spiders oh and I'm invisible there we go
oh shit umm I know in the Friday the
13th game Jason will just randomly show
up and ruin your day but I don't fuck I
don't remember what happens with Freddy
in this game so he's just like a boss
fight at the end of the fucking game I
don't know I don't remember
Jesus crazy
oh I just turned into pinnately died man
Drake was here thank you when I come
back to living when I get hit I'm
invisible for a second and I can't see
what the fuck I'm supposed to be doing
oh I'm sorry
you think it's not doing that because
we're playing on a classic Nintendo
that's not some kind of well you know
what Jack probably didn't blow on the
cartridge long enough that's probably
okay you can punch the spiders they say
there's oh really yeah okay that's good
to know
oh no oh no I'm falling asleep this is
when Freddy shows up you fall asleep in
the game yeah now I'm in the nightmare
world oh this is fuck wait these spiders
and flies these giants
writers are not in a nightmare no that
was a real world oh my god look at the
diverse fighter that's that's a Freddie
spider that's awesome
punch him punch it I don't think I can
kill him I'll just keep going well you
can't not the Freddie spider look at
that oh my god this is awesome
I don't know where I'm supposed to be
going but that's how you're doing it I'm
gonna punch it ghosts ghosts this is
gonna punch you too you dumb
motherfucker remember that great scene
and I'll go through it when you pony
bunch of ghosts I hope that wasn't my
grandmother oh no I don't know if this
controller is working properly
you mean this NES controller yeah oh
fuck I just died toys in a row what's
the problem with some sometimes it
doesn't react properly to my my
movements hmm so I'm also not very good
at playing games but I'm gonna blame
more on the controller avenged
11d fold I think he says he can't tell
when I'm being sarcastic anymore that's
that's normal
ah fuck that's normal for all anyone my
age I was probably better at this game
when I was 12 of course or ho no I
would've been younger than 12 when did
this game come out it was submitted no a
thing a tease
punch that ghost Oh your dad or didn't
know ya it'd get hit and I turn
invisible which is really frustrating I
don't that's a glitch or that flickers
you know like oh hey you did it now
comebacks
there's no fascinating how this is so
far the best game I gotta get my bones
did you get that or just walking
downstairs I don't know where were their
bones they're kind of collect Freddy's
bony bombs eared well that happens and
you know not that you collect his bones
but oh no Freddy's coming oh no but in
part three oh shit
what am I supposed to do just punch him
punch him can you do anything else I
can't be the wizard master like 9
Burnham Street 3 all I can do is punch I
guess
do it you're doing it punch of punch of
Christ you're not punching him hard
enough this is so stupid
I'm just punching Freddie is there
something else that I'm missing here
champ does anybody know
Oh your pun do ya they're just saying
punch him
Chester much Freddie that seems like the
lamest thing well sure but ah fuck
apparently you have full sleep ZZZ
points whatever that mean I don't know
what we're talking about
all's I know is I'm very bad at this no
you're doing great I've turned into an
angel like 20 times that doesn't matter
today angels go to heaven you're fine
you get the hang of turning invisible
which i think is really important no
that means I'm getting hit and dying
Oh nope that's it well I guess that's
Freddie anything oh it's a bad you know
what it kind of looked like well spermy
guy who's this guy who are you nope he's
dead
one punch should we try and download
something else in the background what's
going on do you think we're cuz you mean
trying to find another cartridge well no
no I mean in addition to the Nintendo
we're pledged we've done what something
has seen moment o gonna oh I'm waking up
oh oh well we do have with outlast ok um
when is outlast up I'm dead that's like
a real horror game you can play games
play Doom 3 who who wants to watch rich
play Doom 3 I bet lots of people would
enjoy that yeah I agree
listen let's let's play do that's right
your change falling out what's happening
changes for you is this a goddamn
Canadian quarter fucking Jimmy John's Oh
No you know you know our Canadian
friends are listening to this know
what's happening you're going into lava
world
well fuck what
maniac mansion what maniac mansion a
vague memories of that game I don't know
what's happening is they're spooky
checkers no area might there we go
Jesus Christ I can't sleep I hate
turning invisible and nobody where the
fuck I am
and now what am I supposed to do just
punch this thing but if that's the only
thing you can do then yes this is so
stupid
every time you punch it it seems to turn
invisible and I think that's a good
thing
no I turn invisible when it hits me
invisible is a bad thing jack well
nobody it turns invisible so I think
you're hurting it oh say I have no I oh
this is the worst this is the worst
is there any technique water is it just
hoping that he doesn't turn into a clod
at the moment you're trying to hit him
oh I think you have to dodge and then
hit him after his claws or tracks right
how about I just keep turning into an
angel that's good that seems like that's
good it seems like a safe safe
alternative yeah oh I hit him I don't
know how to fix that frame skip it might
be an option in our old Nintendo
Entertainment System that's right here
in front of us this was set up in like
five minutes oh yeah that we could look
into oh this is awful
yeah I think this is a combination of me
now being a very good game player and
gives me must be a terrible
pause button okay hold what are we
holding for how are you trying to fix
that see if there's an option here in
our Nintendo Entertainment System
I'm gonna guess there probably isn't I
think there might be just part of the
game sure sure
it's probably a flicker that's missing
maybe it's a framerate catechist you
kind of thing yeah well I'm just gonna
check real quick what was the consensus
on everyone's favorite neighbor Elm
Street sequel new nightmares how to
mention lots of three hours yeah those
are the two that people hold up the most
some limit frames per second here I
unchecked that on our NES system that
might help okay I didn't trying anymore
Jack okay ready yeah
good oh my god oh my god Freddy got me
it just reset no my character went
spastic or psychic there we go oh you
missed it all times now that was amazing
well that's okay this game kind of sucks
let's try Friday the 13th we're gonna
put that back up yeah that's a good idea
doo doo doo doo doo that was great let's
try Friday the 13th okay I remember this
game being really bad now this is blast
proccesing all right let me know okay
now Chad favorite Friday the 13th I'm
gonna say Friday the 13th movie cuz I'm
assuming most people's favorite is not
the first one cuz the first one kind of
sucks no they're all great I mean
they're all terrible but that's why
they're great every episode of the TV
series I don't know if I've ever seen an
episode of the TV series wasn't bad it
was completely unrelated I know that at
least with the neighbor and um Street
series Freddy would show up sometimes he
was like a Crypt Keeper typos and he was
in
with his segments to only sometimes not
every episode no and not every episode
it was mostly an anthology thing but
there would be occasional episodes but
he was on he wasn't always in the rapper
road he was always in the holler case I
was like a Crypt Keeper type post but
some of the stories were about him too
that's interesting and those are the
only ones that I cared about I think
those are the only ones anybody would
care yeah yeah okay okay we're gonna do
this you're good to go no I'm not I'm
playing the Friday the 13th game oh my
god who do I want to play as oh your
kids on the campground yeah Oh play is
this guy look at that guy is why not you
switch during the game can you let you
play until they're all dead
oh that's really funny oh yeah that's
right what can't tell where those look
I'm going from room to room oh it's like
the same shit it's one of those kind of
game yep Oh see now I'm trapped in here
cuz I've no idea to get out cuz every
area looks the same oh my god get me out
of this cabin it's poor that's right and
then Jason will just randomly show up do
I remember right oh this is it I'm just
in here forever guys you can fight him
though someone just subscribe that
scription that's that's incredible
incision thank you
okay seriously I'm so I'm stuck here you
have to get out oh there you go it looks
different now that doesn't mean anything
how do you move you just set the the
arrow buttons you have no idea which
direction you're going or what room
you're in okay this is I'm stuck here
use your head
clearly someone with the lion brain
designed this game alright okay so when
you're there can you go forward yeah and
you hit this which looks just like every
other room okay
oh there's a door yeah get me out of
this hell yeah what the fuck
it's a Swamp Thing I don't recall those
being in uh the movies at all what is
that supposed wrong Jason fuck you Jesus
Christ there's a Jason already know he
shows up periodic he just shows up to
fuck with you now he's gone way to build
that like a little kid whew now I'm in
the spooky woods and there's more swamp
things are those like zombies of people
he's killed
I don't know maybe you gotta fight the
little fly I'm watching the past finger
yeah are you actually going Adam gonna
rock yep they're just throwing rocks you
really need the pitchfork varnish I need
something but yeah no idea where I'm
going that's great
this is great I know I know in the woods
you can find a cabin with his mother
severed head oh and this gave me kiss
trying to find that
I would love to find that because that
would mean that something is happening
what is this method I'm getting this
Lake rescue children
all right alert I think maybe children
are in danger okay in one of the cabins
okay I guess I better go get go back to
the oh wait there's no map so I have no
idea where I'm going it's very
convoluted Friday the 13th game oh yes
there's like a countdown and they're
saying George is gonna get killer but
like I have no way to tell where I'm
going how to get back to the camp
you have throwing knives now now I have
knives so it doesn't matter anymore that
is there a way to bring up a map ring oh
yeah here's the map okay so I'm in the
woods but I don't think there's any sort
of like north-south like I've no idea or
I'm at now in the same spot so nothing
has changed the beat means Jason's
killing someone oh that's hilarious
sorry kid you're dead so that's it
that's it yeah this may be worse than
the neighbor and almost regain oh no
Elise in that when I understood which
direction I was supposed to be going
then I'm still in the same spot in the
woods despite constantly going up and
down another subscriber that's amazing
liquid I hope you're all enjoying less
shitty horror games and the shitty new
horror games this game still better than
Jason Takes Manhattan
that one's bad that's the one that 90%
of it takes place on a boat he doesn't
go to Manhattan till the last like 10
minutes and it's yeah that's pretty bad
which is your favorite my favorite is
part four the one with Corey Feldman
okay
oh and and my second favorite is part
six because that one's very self-aware
that three was the one with Corey
Feldman no that's four okay okay I'm
gonna go ahead and trust Jan this one
yeah
no three is the 3d one which I have seen
in 3d in the theater and that's a lot of
fun
find the splatterhouse cartridge oh yeah
and how this what is that it let me uh
let me dig through the let me dig
through the the archives here oh my god
we subscribe us as I play this horrible
game 9 reads one but thank you for
subscribing let me see yeah oh yeah I
think you this is the splatterhouse
cartridge right here
ok I'm constantly walking through the
woods every time I bring up this map I'm
in the exact same spot Jay you have been
in the woods metal-free we're not only
in the woods in the same spot they look
the same
that's the problem but no I bring up the
map cuz it tells me where a madman was
just telling you generically you're in
the woods
is that all I think so this is I think
it's a bit more specific once you're
outside on the road lives in between the
houses yeah how am I supposed to get
back there if the map is of no use to me
I don't know everything this is the
worst out of the woods this is we should
I didn't know where I was going I didn't
intend to go in the woods it just
happened for anyone asking why Jack is
still going with this
we actually have an NES joke 1 because
we actually have an NES in there and 2
Jack likes to commit to the bit alright
and sometimes there's ups to the bit and
sometimes there's downs alright that I
may never get out of the woods
let's play it at least until you get out
of the ones I okay this is your mission
my mission is just to get out of you
didn't get out of the woods you win okay
does anyone in the chan have any
suggestions on how to get out of the
woods yeah don't bother going in the
woods just reset the game I don't know
really
yeah that's where we're at this is it
Jay all you have to do is get out of the
woods and you win
I did it again I'm in the game okay it's
an a so now that blinking one that's
where the kids getting killed you need
to go save a kid so I assume that means
I have to go this direction shoot
although directions are confusing in
this game but the kid's gonna be dead by
the time I get there you have 38 seconds
you're fine ticking all the way to the
other side of the camp
apparently oh god that's not gonna
happen Oh No look at there okay I'm
moving I'm not gonna get there in time
but I am moving at least this is the
worst game livid liquid says he
subscribed because this is like best of
the worst of Pre Rec yes so we should
play more often what we have is a theme
and everyone enjoys a theme
oh my glue look at that yeah I'm okay
with playing crap yeah oh I'm okay with
that - oh no that kids dead I'm so sorry
George if that's the kid that's dying or
maybe I'm George I don't even know I
think you're done George those are kids
in the top Bob yeah okay okay so now no
one's being attacked
he's got mache and I'm just wandering
around please you're about to die what
should I do you get help no sir you just
fucked I know
oh yeah yeah fell oh I'm just yeah I
just died I just lost a life am I just
supposed to wait around until Jason
decides to attack somebody
I don't recall cuz that's all I'm doing
right now
beetus blues oh no Jason you fucker
thanks for sharing our misery hi Jason
we need to play craps often this is a
parable though that's apparently half
the fun I'm not having fun this is truly
awful I'm frustrating anything Oh Jason
oh fuck like throws me well cuz right
now you have a knife in your back no I'm
dead
oh now I'm this guy now ball back to my
stupid baseball or whatever this is Jay
Bowman has a potty mouth it's true just
wander around and hope to Jason till
something I guess we're subscribing a
pity we'll take it oh oh how do I get
over there though oh you guys have to go
to the water okay I will go to the water
water you can do it it's just the new
objective that you're gonna try to save
one I want to save one kid okay here's
the ones this right yeah Jack why are
you always so drunk
that's a good question yeah that's a
good good question
oh my god our interests mostly because I
drink a lot then I save two kids thank
you I think all a group of home how did
you save them I walked into the cabin
congratulations
tonight did I save them I mean they said
thank you
oh no I'm still getting the notice okay
no so we do have to do that I don't know
range pass cure take I don't know what
I'm supposed to do now yet the way do
you have to wait for me show up I know
you can fight him in the houses okay
baby
you might have to fend him off well now
I'm lost in the house so who knows when
you see the 10,000 people watching us
play this awful game oh there is okay
hit him hit him punch it punch it with a
rock
punch it with us or done or die I'm just
dead sorry all those little kids you're
all fucks isolate you tenses you should
get paid for by oh my god just watching
you yeah that's great so that's great
so by the way this is the game you have
to go to the hut you have to find Jason
and then hit him with rocks oh well want
to hit him with better weapons sure you
need to find that you want
machete yeah yeah right now I just have
baseball's I had good weapons before but
I died oh my god everybody's dead except
those zero the two girls that look
exactly the same
Oh a lighter I don't know what that's
supposed to help me with but um is this
where I need to go no I'm going in the
wrong no I'm going in the right
direction he's back at the house I gotta
go back there
I just have to very slowly make my way
over thicker okay so I gotta go up this
path doing it you're doing it by the way
is it is it scary that you're starting
to understand the map system it's it's a
horrible map system yeah it really is
bad okay okay
but I have to keep checking the map like
I can't like oh now I know where I need
to go I have to keep checking the map
because it's so poorly laid out there's
no sense of direction
the lighter lets you set this game on
fire that's okay all right oh look
there's only one kit well I want kit
here Jason killed the other six of them
so now I have to find the room that no
there is do it do it do it go go throw
those rocks ah stop punching me Jason he
doesn't even have a weapon he just
punches people to death
alright last character come on Chrissy
still that same cabin this is simple
this is a stout eally bad
I'll fuck I think I'm kind of going to
their service I think you're supposed to
light the fireplaces Oh
oh fuck he's in the water come on
Chrissy hey are you going the right way
yeah okay I understand the the map
system sure oh how can he be in here if
he was just in the water so try to like
try to find a fireplace and light the
fireplace on fire I'm sure right now man
oh no you lost your later cuz you're
Chrissy now yeah I'm a different
character oh I'm dead all right you and
your friends are dead it's a lovely
message to put in a game aimed at
children all right are you done I think
I'm done with this oh my god go ahead
and play this game in a very long time
and I want to revisit it holy shit I
can't decide if that was amazing or
horrible a little bit of both I guess a
little bit of all okay use the torch to
light the fireplaces oh my god
MLG rich pro Oh got the lighter already
that's gonna help them out that's gonna
help them in the long run
what is the official goal of this game
I'm sure you have to defeat Jaso how how
do you go about doing this
well I'm sure you have to hit him like
when you find him in a house his health
seemed to drop very slowly so my guess
is if you have a good enough weapon you
can either fend him off and then you go
killed
all right all right and what are those
things
where's the man who's in trouble oh my
god that's a long way away oh that's all
of the way they're so rich really has to
optimize his path here so we're gonna
worry about to see a champion a champion
choose his own fate I don't know if he's
gonna make this one he's got 47 46
seconds to save these poor children a
lot of swamp monsters but you know he's
moving he's making a good pace oh god no
he's not gonna make it this is Never Say
Never
this is just not gonna happen he is
never going to make it I'm doing some
jumps oh he's got the knife and the
Zippo lighter this this is a real
game-changer right here jumping over
swamp zombies I'm gonna do it god damn
it
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna save those
kids they're gonna die that's a rookie
mistake right there fuck yeah the world
has never seen such a champion now
where's Jason
when you're at the half while you have
to go forward
yeah how do I use these things on the
side here can i oh well I can
shall I can I can switch switch you o
people o cure we can switch items with
the different kids the different campers
oh that's great I bet that rended Oh
where's your night yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh my god oh my god
okay you are not doing shit you're doing
shit damage did you cure you win for now
oh so that's it you just have to fend a
month I heard a lot of commotion while
it was out of the remember there was a
lot of excitement what did I miss my
friend it off Jason I got the thing in
time I got a knife
I'm like I got a lighter Wow here's the
thing you need to know about rich
he played competitive Friday the 13th in
here when he was twenty seven thirty
years ago and so this is bringing back a
lot of memories I need any help
sometime he it might have been nekkid
some toy company released a jason action
figure based on this game really a year
or so ago where he's wearing the purple
outfit ah I would want that it probably
I'm sure was a limited run thing and it
probably goes for a lot of eBay but I am
looking at me wrong but I lit a torch
yeah look up Jason NES action figure
yeah something like that
I'm sure you can find it oh my god oh
not so bad now oh no here is what it
like it looks like Jason but he's
wearing the purple wearing a purple
outfit that is hilarious I want it it's
too expensive but it's $70 okay that's
too much but I love knowing that that
exists yeah
yeah you're right rich you shouldn't be
careful about handling player
yeah everyone gets it children in
trouble I got a hurry up I gotta hurry
up yeah somebody's in trouble but such a
long way to go oh my god
you can't make that they're fucked yeah
sometimes that's a league game where
it's like those kids are in trouble
there's no way you're gonna get to one
time yeah they're dead yeah I need some
fucking medicines what I need you need
another one of those red jars where are
they all
where did they go they showed up when
you killed zombies Bob zombies oh so I'm
so busy a sob sob you what what is
lighting the fireplace doin I don't know
did you find one I found two two of them
are lit on fire maybe it helps keep
Jason out maybe the fireplace is lit
Jason's no afraid of fire and the video
game we might leave you you don't know
nothing but Jason in the game according
to Freddy vs. Jason Jason scared water
Freddy's scared fire oh what a thing but
that's what's in the movie is that the
cannon but that's not cannon from the
other movie now from the original series
no that wouldn't make any sense
swampies zombies they just running away
from the mouth I'm hoping to get health
at some point that would be nice this
farmer farming for hell basically yeah
and I'm kind of making my way to that
distress signal
sure but there's so many zombies yeah
why are the zombies in this game she
didn't guess they had to have something
to yeah it happened but it would
actually it would be it would be kind of
creepier if they weren't
zombies or you know what if there were
less of them but they were slightly more
powerful like right now they're just
fodder but like if there were less of
them and they just showed us randomly
that would end is it a spookiness oh my
god I'm never gonna be able to fight
them off you have a key
oh yeah I don't know what that does
I would like an alien isolation type
game where your on you have to wander
around Camp Crystal Lake and Jason
randomly pops out her I would like that
do you have the rock right now yeah I'm
um doing a thing right nope not that but
if you're doing a thing I'm gonna switch
off cuz I think he's low on health sure
they're trying to change a person yeah
okay let me do that they're nice now I
got for help I get it you your name's
Chrissy I'm a power gamer and everybody
and now you're Chrissy oh no you didn't
say there's still he's still not still
house yeah yeah you gotta confront Jason
oh my god I just turned night it turned
any time this is awesome oh yeah that
right oh my god they're so fucking dead
you just killed Chrissy Chrissy died on
her own oh my god
oh she's fast
is she a jogger in the game oh that's
mark is he a jogger they all look the
same they all have life who had the girl
hit pink the girl no but so did a guy
that means vagina
a guy hit pink too what Marla think
Jason is wearing purple it's alright
well what we did we watch for best for
the worst where everyone had the same
haircut Oh
as the children killers one oh yeah
birthday bloody birthday that's how all
these characters look they all look like
they have that like Prince Valiant bowl
cut go figure
fight fight him hit him with that night
do we give him the old one-two oh he is
insanely overpowered you win the fair
now
well good look at the healthy Bob though
oh my god this isn't gonna work
are you trying to beat the game what's
so funny about putting the Friday the
13th that he asked him because it's an
old shitty game and that's funny
you guys just don't understand that's
the things we weren't playing on hard
mode yeah we weren't getting I think
that it's more impressive to defeat the
old shitty game like this that's like so
poorly programmed sure sure I think
that's impressive there's there's a game
within a game how am i doing Chet I was
hurt too doing everybody
no listen I understand it wasn't an
awkward moment when I realized rich was
really into it I think it's funny that
shouldn't take away from his enjoyment
of the game this is just my take on it
and that's how things work
I like mark he's fast but he's almost
dead Oh mark it's almost dead oh hi mark
yeah let me that's a reference give me
the medicine
Oh Oh God
they marking the room die no what is
Paul do jack shit
no he look at him jump any crouches I
haven't seen anyone crouch he's slowest
fuck yeah maybe he's more powerful
usually slow means powerful breath
cancel Matt that's pretty close
that's a reference to the room jack
what press cancel well breast cancer
mark died of breast cancer mark died of
breast cancer in the room okay you need
to watch the room I know and you saw
that click the other day I had to pull a
clip from the room for some projects I
don't know what it is it's not room
centric project no it's not yeah I don't
want to get every so soon but I did at
the Polo clipping room and then you saw
that one brief scene that was the only
thing I've ever seen into the room and
it was great right it really was yeah
never really every scene is like that
every scene is a wonderful little
comedic nugget yes all right I will want
I will watch the room it is the richest
bad movie I've ever seen yeah the
richest yeah yeah I'm not a part of my
name I mean it's the rich and every
frame is so Vince
every fucking one he didn't say that I
did it is true though in the case of
there
I enjoy YouTube oh my god the scene in
the room I'm mentioning is the the
alleyway where they're throwing the the
football around and then one the
underwears guy is talking about his
incident with me underwears yeah and
then they're throwing the football and
then he just falls over violently for no
real reason
right well the the it was that guy was
supposed to have like accidentally
bumped into him he very lightly bumped
into him but the guy flew down oh yeah
it's so great but if I leverage that
potion just appeared yeah like that you
didn't kill anything it was just there
so maybe instead of castrating a killing
come straight on like just walking do
more walking Jay has read the disaster
artist yes I had the disaster artist as
a page-turner right I brought that whole
book did not
we have huge crime plane rides and it's
it's a very good book it surprised me
actually how sort of kind of touching it
was in an odd way the relationship
between Tommy Wiseau and Greg Sestero
cuz I didn't know anything about their
history together it's a very good book
very good book
I'm not sure about the movie version
that they're working on no no about
James Franco and Seth Rogen being
involved but
see hey but hey mo no no mo no no thanks
for subscribing oh no oh I get it
oh no no no no mo no no no no no mo no
no no no no no that sounds familiar
Richard McCallum I know what that means
who's Richard McHale Rick McCallum is
that what they're trying to say no Jim
Jim is saying I wonder what Richard
McCallum is doing these days
I said it to octobe Jane I said me
stammering
Jesus Christ I'm done
oh you have to more people you can go on
finish the game
Oh Jay Bowman's beard oh that sounds
very weird to have to say that but
that's their name yes
if the one item is not a do clutch
brothers movie one of the do paws
brothers is in it but they didn't direct
it and it's actually a very good movie I
liked it quite a bit Elisabeth Moss is a
very good actress I've never watched
madman but she's great in that movie
I mean that one of those Tony has
Duplass brothers is pretty good in the
movie but he's just acting
he's just acting on it it's not a du
plus brothers in the movie sure I
probably would not have watched it if
that were the case which one did they do
again Jeffrey was at home oh yeah it was
apparently that the same one that's in
that movie don't I love is on a show a
TV show mmm the shield not a shield
don't leave is that a show a week yeah
that's the company show okay well I
think he's on that is uh Paul Scheer on
that yes okay he's on that show I've
never seen it but I feel I've heard
nothing but good things about it
okay I know nothing about it but I know
he's
really funny people but I've never seen
an episode like it small shear it's oh
my god I'm gonna Nick Kroll is on it
Nakano is hilarious Jon Lajoie oh yeah
show me your genitals guys show me Jason
Mantzoukas okay but a lot of good funny
people in ways I've never seen I've
never watched it it's about a group of
guys who all are in the same fantasy
football league ah revolves around
fantasy football which I give a fuck
yeah I wouldn't know anything about that
oh god there's way too much in the
current speeds asking about David
Cronenberg I love David Cronenberg
especially early David Cronenberg I'm a
big fan of body horror films because I
have a horrible fear and disgust of
what's going on inside our bodies I'm
very uncomfortable and his movies
confront that I really like that I love
the fly I love dead ringers with Jeremy
Irons yeah David Cronenberg's great I
actually just watched it's on Netflix
right now one of his early movies made
his first movie shivers I've never seen
it before it's about an apartment
complex that gets infested with a
parasite that turns you into a basically
a sec zombie everyone just has this this
raging monstrous libidos they're like
zombies in this one they just want to
fuck and when they get affected by this
parasite it's it's kind of silly because
it's cheap and crappy looking but it's
interesting it's good one more yeah
listen you're not gonna win but you got
to finish it I don't live in liquid
that's not a running gag I the human
body grosses me out
about the outer body like I'm not afraid
to like touch people or anything but
just knowing like at any moment for no
reason you could just get cancer no bet
horrifies me
so David Cronenberg's early movies they
deal a lot with that in horrifically
wonderful thing yes very very creative
and imaginative yeah like the fly was
one of one of the first movies where I
realized like I was too young to see the
fly but like I was old enough to
understand like oh the fly is the most
like that's just the purest example of
his body horror movies where it's like
here's 90 minutes of a guy just
deteriorating before your eyes and so
also beautiful so beautiful yeah
Goldblum these great memories I love
that movie a lot every show says Joe Bob
Briggs wants call that he's like the
best movie to gross out your little
sister all right there's no one left to
die how is there a soul alarm it's for
you yeah it's for you oh you have no you
got a big weapon yeah look at my house
this this is what yeah you're pretty
book
that ain't no oh I thought it was right
through me yeah no you're crazy but I
can't believe a house on the runway -
Wow Miz Ami's I know I like concepts
about this game like doing the teenagers
picking off one by one and there's one
terrifying enemy you have to deal with a
like these concepts yeah by the way I'm
with you if only someone can take say a
braum of this game
and do some stuff with it along what
does that mean that's the the program in
it programming of a game
what's the game it's play good that's
what you call a game file the raw Ronin
birds son did an antiviral yeah yeah
antivirals interesting I think it drives
a little bit in the second half all the
kids oh oh fuck you chaser sure
Jason such a dick alright what's next
I'm pretty good though right yeah but
then again I didn't know what I was
doing
you did great it started exciting it did
I apparently missed the exciting part
when I was out of the room but they were
he didn't killed it
he yeah not that's not a pun well why
didn't you why didn't you just continue
to do that yeah you know the game didn't
let me know this hits like take off half
your fucking hell hmm it's comical its
comical Chronicle it's a joke okay so
just punches you yeah throw Jason's
known for doing this is punch well no
you missed him he had a machete oh he
did yes okay and at one point I think he
had a throwing axe oh my god throwing
axes at you yeah I only call it a
throwing axe cuz he was it was an accent
he was throwing that's I don't know if
it was this specifically Castlevania
outlast
super goofs and ghouls Luigi's Mansion
ah shit if I had Luigi's Mansion we
would play the shit out of that is that
a dirty whore Oh missed again nobody
fights girl she defies the coast
okay well that's that's all you need
it's a horror game it's got ghosts
vacuum okay and it's an amazing story
what system was that part it was the
launch title for the Gamecube oh really
and it was great okay haven't played it
I'd love to it's great we have a
GameCube here we don't have Luigi's
Mansion you know why I lent it to
someone and I know who that someone is
and they lost it so they're a huge dick
that's why you never let anyone borrow
anything that's not true that's not true
let people borrow shit but keep tabs on
it I guess I let it go for too long yeah
yeah that was my period was my problem
I understand Super Mario Sunshine we're
not gonna play Super Mario Sunshine
all right let's see here let's see what
we got here Luigi's Mansion would get
flagged it probably would
oh yeah Nintendo's weird about their
stuff right damn Nintendo it's probably
old enough we're wrong
did it let's see what do you think let's
say you know he's old OOP
take a break take a little break that's
what we'll do doo-doo-doo-doo you can
listen to the Friday the 13th music loop
while we take a short break

[Part V]
here here OS is easier it has nothing to
do with difficulty it has to do what the
game was fucking lorry okay
adjust the game by air here Oh am I
using this yeah you can only use the
okay well I don't know if you use the
mouse over the controller but okay
Oh hopefully or not okay you figure it
out just the gamma adjust the gamma oh I
see
oh man you want to get it so the guy is
very barely visible yes right okay all
right that looks like an acceptable
level
he's very dark and it's spooky does the
chant agree that this is an acceptable
level of spookiness the chat agrees that
we need to stop talking about alien
isolation I would agree with that yeah
we're done okay
alright so this is our accepted level of
spookiness okay great this will affect
it's out of focus
alright sorry um oh my god normal heart
nightmare or insane for my sake I said
I'll start with normal I guess I mean
yeah I'm tempted to go with insane but I
don't know what would happen just do it
go for it yeah we're just gonna go with
insane oh my god insane mode ultimate
heart-attack experience maximum
difficulty and no checkpoints have you
died all progress is lost okay oh my
gosh Oh someone subscribe for this thank
you shoes me home thank you for that
shooter my god may halt thank you for
subscribing
alright I'm about to play the ultimate
heart attack experience here I hope you
all can handle this
intense violence coregraphics sexual
content and strong language
oh my god please enjoy that's great
investigative reporter
9 Reid says I don't think this is a good
idea really are you sure it might be the
best day all right I'm gonna put oh my
god I'm gonna put on my headphones say
no I'm not part of my headphones so I
won't hear the chat or anything I got to
get immersed in the game
no you wouldn't be able to hear the chat
even without your headphones in some
text you might um we might need to plug
into controller so you can play I don't
know how you play this game you're
probably gonna need to move around and
stuff yeah that's almost certainly
we've never played a game with a mouse
and keyboard before I have you ever
played a game you move around with the
mouse and keyboard before no okay no
should I be using the keyboard we might
have to set up the controller for you
okay go driving up bars in this place
was was spooky I will say I'm getting
I'm getting a little creeped out by this
game oh my god what's happening what
happened nothing I'm asking you what's
happening Oh am i using that there you
go
will this work maybe nope
okay nope nope thanks to the Oh No
Oh what did you do I hit a scared it
might be freaking out because we started
the game without patrol again oh my god
we need oh well we also need to turn off
our solar so like I got my headphones on
for ultimate stuff heart attack
experience I know do that what am i
doing you're ruining the immersive
experience alright heart attack
experience okay hold on okay proceed
ruby red prolapse thank you for
subscribing Jesus I'm sorry one no you
change it so it's all the mouse is that
what's happening
no no roommates it's all controller oh
oh okay
oh no I got a drive-up so you have to
again but we're sorry but in the long
run there we go
okay obviously better Xbox controller
should be working out okay and to make
sure you have the ultimate in immersion
experience I'm gonna I'm gonna turn off
the subway did you put it out yet we
should make sure that patroller was
working right first I'm sure it's this
controller right yeah okay tell me what
you want me to do oh my god Hey alright
it recognizes it okay does it work
no okay so are using the what sticker
using yeah we got it I tried all of them
alright ready
and here we go okay it's gonna happen I
quit the game and started over again
okay that should that's it
okay now that the controller is plugged
in I want my heart attack experience
yeah yeah it's gonna make it two minutes
under the game and it'll be it
alright you know now they're saying
don't play insane don't play the hard
too hard no don't do hard are they being
serious though I don't know okay now
it's working okay
so now you can why okay before I start
the game chat why should I not play the
insane experience multiple tie I thought
you are gonna stop talking about alien
isolation I'm talking about difficult
okay okay but what in the chat why
should I not play it on insane mode
they're saying try normal they're not
giving reasons yet I want reasons
because otherwise I'm playing the insane
version because I want an alternate
heart attack experience and same has no
checkpoints right so I'm gonna play the
game for five minutes before I get bored
so that doesn't matter no checkpoints
though oh that's okay they're saying you
will die instantly okay but let's see
that's a valid reason but what's is hard
okay yeah should I play hard your New
York you need checkpoints is what
they're saying you need to be able to
save no checkpoints this bad and saying
we'll make it unnecessarily frustrating
so okay because you won't lose your
progress nightmare is the hardest or
maybe just try hard okay I'm gonna try
hard yeah none of this matters because I
want to play the game for five minutes
and probably turn it over to somebody
else your headphones on for okay you
fully immerse okay I'm gonna put my
headphones on okay I'll see you on the
other side chat alright here we go
heart is fine
again this weekend seminar on
so how about that local sports team
there we go oh I miss another woman once
there isn't like all right they are not
talking already listed there hurts Game
seven know who's playing Oh Giants and
the Kansas City Royals I'm actually kind
of rooting for because they hadn't been
there in 30 years
oh they're saying fuck the Giants go
Giants we're saying Giants Warner no
they go like I'm a super invested and
somebody likes French small talk oh
that's nice
you talked about this one yeah this is
what you talk about having small talk
over J's ultimate horror experience let
me get a little DV camera that's funny
I haven't seen a single game with this
year's World Series just depressing
usually I like baseball mm-hmm we've
been busy
are we quiet looks neat look spooky
laughter the ones well it's a little bit
warm for October that your today it's
very cool yes yesterday was pretty water
yesterday was like t-shirt I don't know
what I'm supposed to do I'm talking
about the fact that I look like I don't
know what I'm supposed to do no return
with the weather oh really
I have no idea what I'm supposed to do
go somewhere but I'm here like I feel
like I should be able to do something so
do you see it's a tiny little reticle in
the middle of the screen a little white
dot yeah point edit things and see if it
says to do anything oh okay somebody
says get inside the asylum okay so
there's nothing going on in the SIL room
okay just room that felt like that was
what I was supposed to do but very nice
keep going okay I want for my headphones
back on okay for maximum spookiness oh
wait
Oh asshole says there's nothing there
darlin come on listen to how I sell
that's at the top button there you go
rich is a cub hater because he has no
soul no I may come here because the Cubs
are the equivalent the baseball
equivalent of a clown car oh they go out
and feel they go there there do feed
brightly colored uniforms on and they
they do for round forbidden everybody
laughs I mean goes on them at the end of
the day sure is that that little white
dot like I have to like if I want to
push one of these buttons I have to have
it right on there button you probably
just can't push one of those okay if
they'll give you a little more leeway
right yes okay there's nothing here
there will be big a big thing and that
people you fascinated by this well this
is this is this is atmosphere right you
know I'm gonna say I do like the
atmosphere this like I'm just walking
around there you hear like weird things
in the distance it's kind of spooky but
I'm not good at playing games so I don't
know what I'm supposed to be doing as
mike says there was someone up in one of
the windows we will see that's
decimation points oh and we look up
there's a window but I don't know where
I'm supposed to go or or I'm supposed to
do all right I'll just keep wandering
around the site there you go all right
I'm putting my headphones back on okay
do it do it rich did you see the the
Avengers trailer no I have not they're
asking us what we thought about it I
mean it's the trailer makes no
difference
Trey yeah I'm interested in trailers for
movies I haven't seen yeah but they say
necessarily tell you what the end
results gonna be well not only that but
the same people who are making Avengers
2 made the first Avengers yeah it's
going to be a very similar movie and I
enjoyed Avengers so it's like if you
enjoyed the first movie the second
because it's being made by the exact
same people you remember how awesome the
teaser trailer was for the Phantom
Menace
I do yeah yeah yep
you can't trust trailers right trailers
are an advertisement they are meant to
show the best and the brightest can't
trust them yes the Hulkbuster armor did
look amazing but it doesn't matter it's
gonna be a good movie I'm gonna go see
it I'm more excited about the Marvel
third-wave announcement all of their
third wave movies Black Panther movie it
gets a really stable
Captain Marvel like this some exciting
stuff is gonna happen and what Everidge
Marvel saturation at some point yes
you mean our marvel over centuries yes
yes this is true unless they keep
they've been doing a pretty good job of
making diverse movies tonally tone to
leave diverse movies and so as long as
they keep making them totally diverse
it'll be a while before we hit that over
saturation point I believe did you hear
I don't know this rumor or what did you
hear who they cast as Doctor Strange No
Benedict Cabbage Patch really that's
what I've heard he does I think that's a
fine choice I mean he would be a
fantastic
Benedict Cumberbatch - fresh come on
Cabbage Patch
why do you know I'm reading Oh are they
hold push down on the on the right
joystick the stick No
so the sticks you can press down oh
there we go there yeah you know like
there was they were talk about handlers
talk about a lot of people I'm waiting I
also don't care about dr. strange just
cuz know that he's a magic I've always
liked dr. strange yeah yeah what's the
cause of those weird Steve Ditko visuals
yeah okay I agree that I like the art
yeah but I as a character I've never
brain we get into him just cuz like
magic you know it performs a vital role
in the Marvel Universe sure sure sure
other characters are having magic
problems they have somebody they can
talk to don't fight like an evil
magician guy what do i do Doctor Strange
oh say hooba-dooba d-david either
everybody's everybody's typing their own
benedict cumberbatch name now I really
enjoy I've asked cinnamon toast and
crunch grunkle Stan oh my god there
isn't scared were you scared it kind of
worked
oh good Oh what happened yeah you'll see
in a second rich brother
I kind of know where all the lights work
I think there was a noise scared to I
heard a big noise do you think of the
rumors that that Sonia Marvel are going
to come together around man
Oh spider-man's go oh that's a fan I
gotta say I'm gonna pause it for a
second here yeah the atmosphere is
working for me that's great I'm a bad
like I don't understand like was this
what is this called when I'm have to use
both these things they was asking if
there was a specific name for both
walking and looking at the same time I'm
not used to this I don't play games like
this so I like I understand that for
people watching tonight my movement is
probably kind of clunky yeah um so I'm
it's it's taking a little bit to get
used to that but wandering around this
place it's spooky like the did you guys
play alien isolation with headphones on
I did yes in the dark I don't I don't
know about any isolation but this is
kind of neat it's like like living in a
horror movie okay I have no idea what
I'm supposed to be doing but no this is
great okay
Jays Jays using an Xbox 360 controller
by the way everyone okay all right oh my
god the dirt is closed this is adorable
the door closed and now it's like that's
creepy
yeah I'm kind of liking this I don't
know what the objective is but because I
wasn't paying attention when they
explained it sure sure
if if there are rumors of Marvel and
Sony coming together I don't believe it
yeah I don't either there's no way I can
see where Sony would want that though Oh
is there spider-man is faltering
absolutely and it's not you know it's
making money yeah but it's dropping it's
not making as much money maybe as much
money as Marvel movies are making I see
if I mean it would benefit them they
come up some kind of deal because Marvel
I'm sure wants to have spider-man in
there brother
I'm cinematic universe and Sony would
very much like to pump more life in
spider-man that would you know you know
ideally Marvel would want a role in
spider-man again oh my god this guy down
there oh my god I'm putting my
headphones back on for X I'm spooking
into it
do it do it it would benefit both
companies Oh Jay your camera has
batteries and you're still looking for
your camera right now
no that's right hey you know just as a
joke I just want a dead body what are
you yelling to me about your camera has
a battery oh yeah
turn the camera okay yeah I got spooked
by a jump scare but so that was good
enough atmosphere to keep on yeah it
works like a jump scare just if I didn't
care what was happening yeah it would
not work but that works great okay now
you feel like that phone okay now can
you get back Kalen says this is this is
to enjoy won't go back to playing shitty
games
we can't now hojae's into it oh no my
battery
oh fuck I better get outta here my
battery's gonna die and I'm gonna be
stuck in a room with the corpse oh fuck
I can't see where I'm at
there we go oh god this is great Jay
Bruce I do I do approve I wish I was
better
Ashley like gameplay but you get used to
desert using a controller to move yeah
it again after a while somebody says get
out of there Jay
I'm out of there this is what Jay needed
to be scared by horror game
holy shit that was great I'm gonna see
it the second Oh
oh that's neat
does this look like it's more exciting
than alien isolation it does okay it
really does as I saw in the chat some
people were comparing this but yeah well
it's probably a similar gameplay wise
this is genuinely the atmosphere looks
scarier which is one of the problems
with excess security oh no I missed what
that told me to do you can press the the
this button escape the asylum access
security controlling to unlock the main
door
oh no we're security control get me out
of here
can we get out of here that button again
oh I meant that baha okay go down to
close them come on Lambie maybe they
want you to look at the notes and
documents Jan wants to tell you to look
for extra batteries okay all I'm doing
is wandering around because it's Moody
and fun yeah right press the red button
there you go
that's right button there yeah yeah yeah
okay I gotta get in here
or maybe not give me that give me give
me
you're a reporter
all right my new objective is to get out
of this place
that's a fine object that's what it's
said to do so I'm probably going the
wrong direction to do so but oh maybe
not
probably
No
we're talking about something you're not
my marvel or you were talking about
marvel I'm them genuinely drawn in by
the game I don't know where I have to
find some security booth or something
but everything's so dark I can't tell
where I'm going let me just go here
there seems to be like monitors and
stuff over there to your left
well that's right oh yeah there's that
but it's so dark I can't see if I'm
supposed to get in there somehow or oh
it's all boarded up is there if you
press that that start button again
documents I don't know what these mean
well I don't know what the gameplay is
I'm just wandering around I know I'm
supposed to get out of here but I have
to find how do I get out again give me I
hear the red button there we go yeah red
button get out of it
access security control to unlock the
main doors so I got to find laughs they
have to find security control I was
there was this but there's nothing here
plant no clue what I'm so Cindy oh wait
there's the door I'm supposed to go in
here where it's really dark I don't like
that mmm
nothing here well anywhere
I just keep exploring oh that's creepy
boy something on that monitor yeah how
do I get over there oh it's a screen
saver let's say yellow light right
behind you that doorway there out all
over the light whoo there's just blood
everywhere on the floor don't slip homie
tronic bear bye
Oh guys it going thing all right you
left bloody foot you saw something else
glowing peak hold LT I don't know what
those buttons are are the triggers Oh to
peak oh I see like peak around corners
okay just to make sure nothing's there
it's not the idea yeah though it's like
things chase you you can oh sure he
count
Oh going into the dark Oh was this uh-oh
he's moving okay this is a bad idea to
go up to him probably okay bye
Oh - close the door
impressing necks
I want to let me close the door why do
you want to close the door because
there's creepy people in here
yeah but they can I never they're right
there
something Bad's gonna happen here
they're just hanging out
are they trying to kill no they're
apparently oblivious to me that's
actually really weird what's in so which
is a good thing
yeah working yeah starting to get a
little frustrated cuz I don't know what
the fuck is happening
I had no idea where I'm going does it
give you an option to talk to them all
it doesn't prompt anything like I should
get ya know they just BP atmosphere guys
yeah
it keeps it wants me to close this door
someone was saying that you are standing
in a doorway before also the third you
just might not be able to go then why
would it prompt me of the thing turn
around try to close I can get out of the
doorway now but then there we go okay I
don't know what that accomplished but
y-yeah see now I'm just starting to get
annoyed because this door couch under
the door in the back where exclamation
point exclamation point crouched under
which door in what back Jay on the couch
coach Oh Oh back ok so I gotta go back
to that room is what they're saying
alright I'll go back there people I'll
listen to you Oh Mac hunker down okay
I'm gonna do it we're listening guys but
you've also given us terrible advice in
the best high resonance peloton yeah
yeah we're moving skeleton and all that
says hey resistance
there was a door that had boards across
so that you should crawl under yeah yeah
I'm there now oh okay oh no I'm going
into darkness there are no here's
another car no just I have this guy
weighs it think I was gonna thing okay
at the keycard now
all right so now I probably got to go
back to the main entrance this is
frustrating the people that know how to
play video games like wandering around
like an idiot no you know like watching
you struggle with the controls is
frustrating just because look but it's
not frustrating because like I want to
do better it's just like I want you to
be more comfortable okay ah you fucker
oh that's it you know he just bit me or
something hey zombies I don't know he
just attacked me and then he fell all
over it was creepy
yeah that was really creepy it keeps
telling me to close these doors I don't
know if it makes a difference but okay
now I can't show my friends what about
Cameron Oh close the fucking doors I
mean I'm okay with that yeah yeah and I
have a keycard
yes this time you probably have to find
it like now the keycard is the just the
access to the security thing yeah up
there but that's the car probably opens
up another thing well what's back there
do you come from back there yeah I've
already been through there oh you know
there is a sex it down here oh yeah
maybe doesn't look like there's any sort
of keycard access oh well now you can
tell if they're saying you can use the
computer now oh okay okay thank you
thick the birthday boy I love that you
leave bloody footprints everywhere yeah
that's cool all right
I'm at the computer now what
nope nothing way up this computers is
nope
the key card gives you access to the
spice Channel that doesn't help
yeah nothing here Oh dick the birthday
boy was just making a joke no we were
listening to you don't don't make jokes
I don't know what I'm doing lot please
ignore my advice from now on we will
dick what do we say
what do we say about my solution what do
we say yeah I know I'm sort of
frustrated we should play viscera
cleanup detail that would be amusing for
five minutes but you heard of that one
Jack yes okay yes it does look very
funny look at that sign look at that
time what sign that sign
oh you're scared you're okay sign oh no
then uh you know this Jay is immersed
yeah I am I am i I had both my
headphones on earlier the game was
creepier but now just because I've been
getting frustrated with a game play I've
had one and one side of the headphone
off so I can hear people but yeah but I
I will say this is somewhat immersive
I'm gonna go in the bathroom I'm going
on in here all right bye bathroom
ooh that's cool
hello that's a replacement battery for
your camera
gimme you love by pressing the Y button
okay gimme security yeah get me out of
here security why is battery life so
horrible in video games it's horrible in
real life bad I mean that was that was
pretty bad yeah no I would have lasted
significantly they line than that but
I'm gonna close this door so nothing
comes in after me they couldn't possibly
open a door I don't know maybe I'll
close the door let me close the dark
yeah you can't be standing in its way it
up okay this is the part that frustrates
me I feel like I should be able to close
the door now yeah yeah alright I'm not
closing the door okay because the game
doesn't want me to I guess
the batteries on my DSLR are terrible I
think I can only film for like 15-20
minutes at a time
really yeah oh but I mean it's this very
small battery oh no oh no restart the
generator and the basement
Oh No I'd in the locker oh don't try to
fight it
oh I see
no that's creepy oh no it's like duck or
something oh no he's just not gonna
check this locker only check the one Oh
No
oh no I didn't mean to do that trying to
make him doc I thought maybe the guy
would turn around I'd have to be dunking
but I don't think I had enough room to
duck in there
okay back to this let's try this again
this is why they were telling us this is
exactly what they do
no well no like hiding in lockers oh
yeah it's a big part of alien isolation
so guys it's not like alien isolation
alien isolation is like this it's done
first
all right this come on first yes this is
cooler yes this is going guy also I
think like if you were playing on insane
and difficulty you would have had to
start the game all over okay just now
can but that was probably oh thanks Chad
that was a wise move done how long do
you think I should wait in here is he
good
I think he's gone still hear him out
turn speed says try to fight him no the
game's telling me not to fight him okay
he's gone OOP no I don't know
a small person you have to be to squeeze
in laundering she's got a small I am a
tiny man let me pick up that thing we
already talked about the Marvel
announcements yeah where were you like
10 minutes ago that you guys get on the
ball here
they're getting bored with me playing
this game Oh second this is the Jay was
just talking about not being able to get
immersed in horror movies anymore he's
getting him I'm more immersed in this
game than I have been in most reason or
movies right so deal with it jet we're
converting Jay well Owen called a half for
listen small steps yeah I feel no need
to convert you wide you're having a good
experience I am I'm enjoying this yeah
I'm glad after the frustrating Friday
the 13th experience I don't know I guess
okay alright I gotta find the generator
right where am I supposed to get one
that's probably in the basement area
I had like video sure but I got to
figure out how to get there honey yep
they're great maybe Jay might enjoy
alien it's possible lemon join us Hey
Jonah's underscore thanks for
subscribing we really appreciate it
wasn't there a thing on the wall over
here that gave directions to such a
different part of this room maybe it was
on the other side of the room wait I
don't know where you are right now
I mean that mean lobby area that I was
in earlier but now all the lights are
off oh sure yeah there was a thing over
there oh there you go
is it oh yeah here we go
let's don't help me well I collect
electric room I guess that's where I
want to go okay has anyone played this
game nobody here has I have it's
happening right now yeah no I the store
is open now wasn't open before yesterday
when I tweeted when I tweeted out we
were looking for suggestions for horror
games outlast was one of the most
suggested yeah yeah and so we we got it
today like literally I wasn't I was
installing it as we were setting up the
stream today though it's part of what we
were waiting for him really yeah yeah
while we were listening to rock to jazz
music this is what I was tutoring I was
downloading this game so this is the
first time we've ever played it good
night Jim hey Tim thanks for coming out
oh and this this is a game I think I
could get behind I'm I'm down with the
atmosphere of this game okay wait what
turn on a to cast fun how do I do that
oh so much but how how do I do that
you gotta find him oh it's not just it's
not just right it's not just right there
saying telling you what button to press
you have to go look for what button to
press I can head out on your own you
don't have a magic locator device I
would say that's a good and bad thing I
mean it's probably good for the sake of
the gameplay but but you don't know
where to go but I have no idea where to
go
right both of them are dead good night
goin thank you for stopping by
okay guys one day I'm gonna meet you
I only on this one battery hope it
doesn't die um is it totally dark down
there yeah it's complete complete
blackness yeah but I have no idea what
I'm supposed to be doing okay I mean no
I know what I'm supposed to be doing but
OOP yeah oh just keep looking around all
right you'll find it oh no my battery's
gonna die and then I'm fucked yeah yeah
oh man I'm so fucked
it's telling me to hide though so I will
do that but you can just hide in
anything oh really
they won't prompt that just it'll prompt
that even if someone's not coming after
me right yeah okay you can hide in any
Locker oh all right oh what's this
did you find it Tom something over areas
that even have them would apply that
something might come around at some
point yeah just the fact that they're
there oh yeah you did one thing he's got
a poem I got one thing on but my
battery's gonna die they're saying in
that oh there might be a thing on the
ground in here is that it I'm trying to
conserve my yeah they're saying you
missed a thing the thing on the ground
what did I miss what'd I miss
and is it a battery oh no you have more
batteries reload oh you fucker
he got me a my dad oh he he died me who
died you all right dad you heavens okay
where am I now
what part of the game is this chant is
saying they told you to hide bastards
they said if I gave you bad advice there
is a bit of a boy it probably would have
been then you've done him any good just
true that's true there is a delay no no
the game told him to hide her oh you're
talking about hiding in the lockers and
I said no they just tell you that all
the time it's true it is true oh there's
someone yelling who's there that's
creepy
then ain't it together look out for
people maybe in that first room okay
yeah this is the room that I turned on
before but sure and when you turn it on
it probably makes a noise so after you
turn it on you probably want to get in
that locker somebody sitting on the
ground is a battery on the ground in
this room I dolly
all I know is what I read yeah walking I
don't see anything
maybe oh no I don't want idea get me out
of here turn the thing on and then I'll
hide yeah I get it now
shop a camera - yeah they might see
oh he's in the room isn't he where is he
did you hear I heard footsteps
nope there is a vaguely see letter yes
yeah this is creepy they're saying on
the ground in this room as a matter okay
wait till this guy leaves and it'll look
some more it's hard to tell when he's
gone are people enjoying this yeah yeah
okay I feel like I've enjoyed it but I
feel like that would mean that people
are phim feeling isolated good we're not
talking over something right now what
we're doing Jay isn't like an actual
okay this is what normal gaming streams
do they put oh really
a little bit I'm gonna talk a lot in
playable David they don't talk about dog
condiment favorites and uh all right I'm
probably safe to leave this snare and
I'm gonna do it
somebody's asking us what the best movie
we've discovered from best of the worst
is the best movie or like like actual
good movie like this one we've enjoyed
the most yeah extra extra I would say
all right where is this battery it kind
of doesn't look up a little bit in
glance at the floor in general and you
should see something glowing look up a
little bit more see nothing glowing this
in the other room
kind of dammit my battery's gonna die Oh
God free wreck is starting to become
functional oh wait oh to hide alright
there's no battery in here
and I'm gonna die yeah you have to go to
the other room probably there might be
bad fucking wait what is that next to
hide again I would hide again oh no I'm
so fucked
pretty fucked what what what just
happened I have no idea door closed
oh no there we go oh if you haven't go
do I have another battery oh I do
oh nevermind mm-hmm now I'm just
oriented us to where it Manto you're in
the other room yeah me oh yeah there we
go oh hey there's the thing
all right oh do I got a hide again
probably this shit there's nowhere to
hide hide by the door maybe like next to
the door and he might pass you now turn
your camera off go get it
I don't know oh yeah oh you got me my
god like in this kind of situation you
wanna find a place like a brownish
turnout hi do under the bed down into
the bed oh you guys there's a delay I
mean the bed would have been a really
good place we see that now all right why
does it go here start to make your
omelet
yeah starting to figure out more of what
I'm supposed to be doing yeah and yeah
like you can tell you're moving a little
slow the smoother you're getting more
comfortable with the controls that was
locked
swinging dead bodies yeah I like it
I mean I like it but you know what I
mean
yeah you enjoy the aesthetics
I don't like swinging dead bodies oh
they're saying um if you press certain
buttons you can kick him in the crotch
and run like hell I don't believe that
sorry Crouch crouch crouch get under
there oh shit I can't get out of there
next time oh oh there we go okay
no idea if he's in the room cuz I can't
see anything
yeah which room has the battery Locker
or bed tell us these things well it
can't be the locker room I wonder if
he's in here avenge the lemony cold
since it's like watching a real horror
movie
you show instructions and they are
useless we'll hear them eventually don't
go in to roof night mr. dumpster
somebody said Jay did another good
thing huh yeah and then I can start
buying the door oh oh oh no oh fuck oh
he's gonna get me look up see it is
there's a place to hide
oh no no he's down goddamnit
Walker oh damn it
so what yeah how do I hide from him then
so I hid from him but then he was just
outside that other door yeah so what you
probably needs to do is before you turn
on the generators do a quick scan of the
room and look for another hiding place
but that was I I was do I hit in that
room right and then I left that room he
was just out in the main area that's I'm
saying make a scan of the main area Oh
find a hiding place out there yeah and
then and then now you know that he'll be
at the other door so you can maybe like
figure out a way to work around him you
know it seems like it's program so that
when you hit like a butter but you have
to hit that it's programmed for a
monster to show up around then yeah see
why be ready before him yeah why can't I
get up here now there we go
okay looking around this room other
people are saying if you do get caught
you can run away and hide again yeah oh
okay so like run back into the room I
was already in yeah okay no see I'm
hoping maybe there's like a locker or
something in here but apparently not
no this is the bed oh you mean in the
main area and then right there yeah all
right here we go yeah
no what's that thing oh it's just just a
cherry well they want Jack to tell you
this one I'm gonna tell you this if you
can use the trigger buttons to run oh to
run okay but running things allowed but
if you're running from monster if he's
already seen you I think it's acceptable
yeah
somebody else wants to be the backseat
game for you okay so they're saying
there's no real hiding places in the
main room but if you crouch walk
you won't hear you coming like that's
you slowly walking though they're
stealth walk oh there he is that was
really creepy
like silhouette with that pale green
light you genuinely creepy somebody's
saying it's not the trigger it's the
oldie but it's one of the buttons on top
okay probably the left side the one
that's not the truth or I'm trying to
trigger the boom that's what they're
telling me
yeah okay okay
oh yeah Oh God we're gonna do you broke
it
Gabe Ellensburg says use q wo and P to
run which is mildly abusive
pop yeah crouch again yeah so no that's
you slowly walk I hear him he's pounding
on that door yeah now you may be able to
like
I think he's gone open the battery ok
gizmo slowly you have that extra battery
oh that's right I do
damnit we don't grab the battery because
we don't know where yeah I have not seen
a battery I'm sorry ah oh fleshy patch
has a good suggestion if you get the
flower you can shoot fireballs I don't
believe that all right let's try this
again
I'm starting to get a little annoyed
sure well yeah this is just one of those
things where because you're not a gamer
you you're not comfortable with the
control sure yeah that I'm gonna go to
this door first instead this is the room
of the locker okay see what happens when
we open this one first
oops
and you get two hits before you die
so if you can run after getting hit once
you may have time to hide again oh okay
well he's playing it hard so I don't
know that super oh sure that's true
also there are less batteries in hard
mode so this battery that you talking
about my mom is there oh sure
oh they're also saying you can only beat
him with kindness I don't think he's
right I don't I don't believe that I
think that's really funny
there's still a third thing I got a turn
on - yeah somewhere yeah oh and they're
saying that the bad guys can't see your
camcorder light when you record oh okay
so I can keep that on if you want you
can look at them you know make sure
they're all right so venturing back out
people plushie patch says I commend you
Jay I would have thrown the controller
against the wall 20 minutes ago that oh
I just saw him he's over there I gotta
get to this other room before he does
I mean did you see you know thanks you
son of a bitch I was under the bag if he
saw you crawl under the bed how many
times if I gonna try and do this before
I give up Oh creepy
it started creepy now this stuff is
getting a little repetitive right trying
to do the same thing over this this is
just but that's probably mostly
attributed to me there not being good at
this yeah they're saying you have to
rock how do I run again the one that's
not the trigger or the left side that
doesn't do it hold it down what are you
moving see what happens yeah oh yeah
okay
yeah well flip Mega Man one of these
days wait Oh Mega Man I still want to
play Doom 3 obviously won't be tonight
right
but it could be tonight oh I'm hungry I
haven't eaten since 3 yeah you know a
weird eating schedule I don't why don't
you eat before the stream or bring
something whenever Jack's setting up you
could be eating well cuz I ate it 3 and
we're setting up or something you don't
think three hours after the last time I
ate yeah but you could also like bring
something I don't think of these things
I'm not a normal human being they say
these are just things to you know keep
in your brains for next time it's like
these things can go along sometimes they
don't but they can then sometimes you
start playing outlast exactly this is I
was really nervous about this because I
- yeah
heylia's yeah it's like oh it's just and
but it's like I guess I can see like I
didn't I haven't played alien but like
hiding in lockers and shit like that I
can
well and it's like I think this game
addresses most of our major complaints
yeah yeah so that is all we won't turn
it into a thing well I'm sorry that
you're poor I don't know why you're
mentioning that and the chat but but
it's okay don't worry about nothing I
would like to see this game played with
Octodad people's Oh
busy again wait did he find me again
fuck you
here's what you have to do here's what I
believe you have to do damn it I'm
running I'm running I'm running from you
you asshole
trapped Timbits here's what I'm guessing
I'm guessing after you turn on the first
machine you have to sneak past him
I can't run and so like you know it's
it's video game logic which means if
he's looking that way you can crawl walk
pass so you have to kind of like be slow
watch his movements okay and try to get
I'm gonna I'm gonna give it one more
shot one more shot and after that I'm
done as much as I'm enjoying this
yeah I'm getting a little frustrated and
they're very excited that you were
running though yeah yeah
alright I'm gonna do did we discover
there was nothing in this first room no
both of the rooms you're going to have
generators no but this room here this is
the first room I always lock my door oh
that's right this is a locked one mine
okay alright I'm gonna go into this
first room I can get around this block
there
oh wait why am I not what why are you're
not hiding anymore hide you stupid
asshole did you why did you help alright
okay I don't know what's happening
that's all right but what to hide and
then it kept making me come out from
another bed that's weird hey one more
shot alright one more shot where I don't
keep coming out of the bed or no breeze
you want to see if you can switch the
difficulty down a bit
no not now it was earlier in the game
maybe but I've been playing it for this
long on this level so let's keep playing
see this part here I'm trying to do this
generator shit feels less like like an
immersive horror movie experience and
more like trying to play a video game
yeah which is somewhat annoying well
especially because yeah you can't get
the timing right yeah now you're
figuring out the math and not alone yeah
alright I'm not gonna touch any buttons
just go sit here yeah I think what might
have been happening is you might have
been trying to look around but you might
have moved the move stick and now makes
oh probably because there's a move stick
and it looks yes
that's the thing the video games have
now yes these days
there he is
a lot of people saying close the fucking
door oh you know what when I go in one
of the rooms if I closed the door behind
me that'll slow them down a bit I
couldn't try that I can try that I'm
crouched crouching down
yeah
OOP that's not what I want to do okay
you know cuz yeah you got a whole room
here so see if you can find him
where is he found him oh where is he
did he pound on that out of the door
he's pounding on the door probably
pounding on that other door again oh no
he's not there you might beat it your
camera has limited range can you zoom in
you can but I don't remember what button
hit to do it okay all right I'm gonna
stand up and I'm gonna run to the next
room nope there is this Jake CPEC he
didn't see it get back underneath the
bed no I'm doing I'm frustrated that's
okay I'm gonna give this a shot oh you
want right how can I do this the show
dart played on insane mode no just leave
that there okay scoot over yet again in
the middle see ya a proper immersion
experience oh my god okay jack is about
to get immersed first thing we have to
do come on okay I'm going to run the
batteries to a crouch jump somebody's
saying they sent you an FTL with the
zoltán shield twin Vulcan ship that I
talked about yes I was I I have not
talked to rich about that yet that
sounds basic they they sent me a save
file yeah that has the exact ship that
you want sweet
look at the out of my system finally
I've been trying to get that combination
tonight it just hasn't happened
sure
the rln firm
oh you're playing the anti-bill worst
open I have a Nero clinic yeah yeah yeah
no but you're trying to play I'll wait
for Jacob smackers
I can hear them breathing no no that's
me breathing oh there is spooky guy
spooky guy being spooky
keep asking about shadows of them I
don't have a good answer for ya I
haven't played it a fan of suda51 but I
haven't played that particular game does
have the disadvantage of being a console
exclusive shooter and I hate playing
shoes with a gamepad so there's that oh
my god
shit shit shit shit alright so here's a
chat question okay the RL improves in a
classic slasher movie obviously jesse
survives and how long does everyone else
last what water oh God
well you're first to go Frisch yeah yeah
you're gonna be first to go
I'm coming really they don't keep me
around for a little bit longer
no well okay no I need the first to go
because I'm the most bland so you're
second to go that's all right
dammit are we including jacket let's do
a second job
oh that's a big cast yes that that makes
it harder Mike could be second to last
mmm because he's practical so I think me
but the first to go maybe you'd be the
first thing I'd definitely be me you'd
be the pre-credit kill yeah oh
absolutely
and Josh somewhere in the middle okay
okay okay came in that way
somebody's saying isn't rich the killer
no these aren't batteries these are cans
the murderer is that guy with the
crocodile Brian coming yeah he's upset I
keep seeing this come up jeff goldblum
simulator do you guys know what this is
no no I've seen that a couple times
oh here he comes creepy man
Jack would die psycho style so in the
shower people keep saying the battery is
in there but Alan I'm gonna keep saying
fuck them you know what I don't need
your fuckin battery I'm just fine on my
own it's fine
yeah you're doing more sneaking around
than I was yes
now damn it
ah
that horror music is for realsies yeah
it was great earlier I'd go into certain
rooms and like the creepy ME at droning
would get louder and it was that put you
on edge I'm gonna give this one more
girl I don't feel like I'm comfortable
enough knowing the game yet super go
button
yeah you didn't start off just wandering
around yeah but I you can't get all the
way around this generator right I never
went the other way around it's I dunno I
mean yeah you just did so oh that's the
jump button alright we can do this get
out of that bed yeah we're doing it get
in there save an the battery whoo yeah
that's what I did
I'd under the bed and save that battery
I like seeing him though save in the
battery book cool but I'm recording oh
well limited battery endless tape
and now I can okay so crouch oh fuck
fuck
but can I punch them can I punch them is
the fucking door are you running from
them
yeah I'm running from oh okay get in
there and close the door behind you
nope buy you some time Oh No yeah so not
really just keep running
I can run but I don't know what to do
after that sure
Oh ha way worried I don't know I just
ran over here oh you know he must have
can't come out the locked door hmm oh
yeah okay that makes it hi hi I'm done
I'm done but I I could I could see me
liking something like this I enjoyed
this game except for when I got
frustrated but that was more of my lack
of understanding with the atmosphere in
the yeah that is creepy
mm-hmm glad we got to play a genuinely
creepy game on her creepy Halloween
um are you saying that the Friday the
13th game didn't then the whole though
that was scary for different reasons did
you not watch us playing real horror
stories that was the highlight of the
night I think that was an amazing game
that was not a game that was a joke that
was an absolute joke that was 100%
together a puzzle Jack yeah yeah I write
those they die when you put together the
puzzle you have to do it again and
that's the game it's a must not have put
together hard enough the first time
those pieces together before the the
ghost face guy before the Ghostface
Killah gotcha oh Jesus Christ
all right well great hey everybody
thanks for coming out to this spooky
spooky what I call the super spooky
scary Halloween dreams I have a happy
and safe Halloween
and yeah happy Halloween new best of the
worst tomorrow uh-oh today it's actually
after midnight and our neck of the woods
sometime in the next 12 hours they'll be
anyone who will it be spooky I can't
confirm so you can ban me then wake up
there'll be a Halloween treat if you've
all been good boys and girls well if
you've all been okay boys though really
they all get to see it so even if they
haven't been a good boy or girl yeah
it'll still be up because of the ones
that were she can't exclude you know
you're probably right there is no way to
exclude who can actually make the video
play properly there's your lesson
everybody yeah yeah right the coattails
of the people who are doing things right
if you can't do anything yourself just
latch on to someone it'll be correct
stay quiet and sneak in there you'll get
the treat to do you know people keep
mentioning PT yeah Silent Hill
PT you call them VT because that's
fucking retarded there's a Silent Hill
gets a silent okay that's a fucking demo
it's a demo it's a fuckin devil call it
a fucking demo it's a demo and for
another no that's it well definitely not
tonight people keep asking about it I
know what it meant it's and it's free
for PS Plus members and for the
PlayStation 4 which we have and I am a
PlayStation Plus member as I had rich
bring the ps4 just in case things went
all shit wire with the computer ah which
of course it did we got it working so
yeah I've heard now right things I guess
but it's a demo it's it's it's literally
like like the opening level of this game
that's what it would have been oh okay
it's not a full game but it would have
been free so just fine mmm so
everything's fine we're not gonna play
it tonight is that we're gonna board
wrapping up if you hadn't noticed if we
tried to play another game that would be
downhill after all
last absolutely our last was was
genuinely neat yes yeah when did this
come out hold on let me go to the page
here
last year this year no last year I know
a year it is shut up came out last year
September 4th 2013 yeah that's neat will
do Dhoom 3 some other night
yes we will have we will have a doom 3
night all doom 3 all the time hot doom 3
action hi
that's it alright oh my god who's doing
that what where does that it go oh my
god it's a go
