Dec 21, 2014
MS Paint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0DK80PGoN8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0fkIqw61H4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx7iy_mYUXw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-r4cy2qZ7t4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/546778940812316672
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/546836000346243072

[Part I]
you may wanna
but
be streaming yet we're only eight
minutes now a swimming
we're only not streaming or only 12
minutes late and we have three much late
we're not streaming all oh we're not no
no I'm still trying to iron out baby I
think all details oh good streaming you
know sometimes
yeah why how you feel about this
yeah yeah yeah really really
okay I know I know that you want me to
you're ruining the joke it's a big bird
ah damn it
I know uh what's the point of trying I
set up a joking and you you punt the
punchline and punt it hello everybody
welcome yeah what's up merry merry
fucking Christmas mr. bacos you don't
need this
there's sound to worry about him and
that's paint
it's it's true here welcome to the
Christmas Spectacular mspaint pictionary
game gift giveaway spectacular
spooktacular yeah I was gonna say that
oh we're gonna say yeah nice why can't
we have a Christmas spooktacular
hold on I'm I'm live tweeting right now
and then we'll go over the rules so rich
I don't know say I never
oh yeah yo what's up yo yo yo what up G
yo yo yo hey my homies always right I
mean they still say homies yeah yo yo my
homie ojos souls my homie Oh little
shizzle mcfizzles
um I'm talking the hip speak Jam
constantly amaze me with your hip speak
I agree anis NCC 1701 never do that
again right
welcome everybody we ran a little bit
late today because Jack was out getting
a new toy
Oh getting a new toy we have upgraded
microphone situation
now we each get our own
hopefully hopefully now you'll be
better a little clearer your mic has a
sanitary napkin wrapped around it I my
microphone is not latest mic in the
world to use and it didn't fit in the
after paper towel around I I thought it
was just on the rag I think that's
politically incorrect is what that's the
thing that happens it's nothing in
political Ian Craig demand something
that happens so Greg yes so if you it's
a crude way to say it but what happens
oh and is my mic cutting out as I'm
saying the audio should be better that's
really funny
that is really funny so I started the
stream I probably should have picked
movie idols first he was dumb you knew
his dumb I was dumb
oh we can't hear you what you can't hear
it oh oh no he's gay
you're noise we don't need the noise
gate anymore where do we set the noise
setting we're gonna fix the noise gay
people we're working on noise gate okay
da d enable noise gate D enable applied
now you might hear a slight home yep and
when I see that on the trackers there's
a slight hum but that's fine
cuz you guys have said the slight hum is
preferable to the noise gate so there we
go
yes we're starting early and what we're
gonna start with what we are gonna start
with is uh so so today we're playing
mspaint pictionary which we played once
after Jack was flying all day and a
little drunk and a little slap-happy
over very well we're very well I'm less
drunk and less lab happy today so we'll
see we'll see if it can work out equally
as well so what happens is this riche
and myself and Jay in the other room who
will be joining us in a little bit we'll
all right down fifteen movie titles and
then we will take turns picking those
titles from a hat and we will try to
draw the movie title in ms paint and you
the Chad have to guess what the title of
the movie is by our mspaint drawing and
the winner will get special prizes this
is the real thing
rich and I reach and I get a ton of
games as gifts we we have a ton of games
in our inventory and and we get doubles
a lot and so we are going to liquidate
our games yeah that's great now with
your microphone it doesn't fit in the
mic holder alright because I'm good at
improvising and I think that was silly
that one's broke Jack's mom is in the
middle of a heavy flow
gross this is what I'm he called it the
rag earlier the rag I don't think
anyone's used that expression in 22
years rich us I don't know if anyone
outside of bad eighties movies ever used
that expression right okay so so that's
how it's gonna work so right now rich
and I have to write down all of our
movie titles that's what our job is
going to be so we need some paper we
have a rating service over here Thank
You Jay I have a rating service I'm
gonna start so rich if you and Jay wanna
shoot the shit promo you're
brainstorming titled snow I already
threw in titles Jay was on top of it I
was on top so what about that Sony hatch
oh yeah they are releasing the movie for
free on crackle which is in my
experience a horrible service I know
it's on there because Sony owns it but
it's it's technically free movies but
there's ads like every 10 minutes and I
have the Hulu app for crackle and
whenever it gets to an ad the first ad
it'll play the ad and then the whole
thing just freezes up and it never goes
back to the movie but but at least
they're doing it yeah yeah at least
they're doing it it's free ish hmm and
it's like you know Sony they just cave
to anybody don't well don't at least
that movie alright well you put a
release that bukhan really it wasn't it
wasn't so it was the theater chains
dropping out right the theater chains
are like we're not gonna carry your
movies so it was you know they had no
other choice really also G hablo 66
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it and thank you to all those
who pointed out that I missed the sub G
hablo yeah with a J so it might be J
hablo
is that how you spell hablo I don't know
Spanish
jiya blow air subscription oh wow
you just ripped that paper is like a
perfect perfect straight line it was
pretty exciting
would you like a paper cutter so just
just movies or movies and TV shows or
just moving through list I'm gonna say
just movie titles just to just to give
it but if it's a movie based on a TV
show okay so I'm trying to think if
there's any ever ever been like a
different title to a movies
oh no cuz all point in doing it is for
the name recognition right Justin that
Mike adjusted I'm gonna leave again in
five minutes that's okay
I'll be in and out I'm kind of working
I'm never not working except except the
last two nights after a long day of
entity and I watched some movies mmm I
watched black Christmas you know black
Christmas which I've never seen before
and it's really really good it's
genuinely creepy so I watched that and
then last night I watched another movie
I'd never seen before Silent Night
deadly night part two which is a pretty
famous movie for one moment it has a
moment that's like one of the most
famous a bad movie moments are you guys
familiar with the garbage day moment and
salome deadly night no oh okay it's like
a bad attempt at a catchphrase and it
makes no sense and the delivery of it
just the most bizarre thing ever
so it's famous because of that and it's
also famous because half of the movie is
flashbacks to the first movie the only
shot like 25 minutes worth of footage
new footage a la big fat at all yeah
exactly like that only this was all
vermin Ridley front-loaded like the
first half of the movie was the first
Silent Night deadly night and then but
then once it gets past that and it's new
stuff it's it's like everything that is
great about bad movies the lead actors
performance is
most bizarre fucking thing he's so
terrible in a really fascinating way so
I highly recommend Silent Night deadly
night part 2 there's absolutely no plot
it's just things he does things and then
at the end he goes in revenge from the
nun from the first movie and then the
movie ends well this is technically this
is the little brother of the killer from
the first movie oh Jesus this is Ricky
and the first time penis Billy no no
it's the younger brother he was
traumatized by the events of his brother
oh now he is also a killer and he has
next to nothing to do with Christmas
he's just killing people it's not even
Christmas um no it is on Christmas at
the very Andes where is he wearing the
Santa suit at the end yes he does get
the Santa suit at the very end but most
of the movie is just him killing random
people that are yeah annoying him but
it's really the main guys performance
that makes the movie worth watching and
there's a stunt that's fucking crazy
there's a part in he's in the middle of
the street this is when he completely
loses it this is the famous garbage day
scene and he steals a cop's gun and he's
just walking down the middle of the
suburban street just like shooting
people and laughing he's just like ah ha
ha
I mean ego stone-faced and then he
laughs again he's so weird but he starts
shooting at a car that's driving
straight towards him and there's this
stunt where it's clearly a stuntman in
the middle of the street as the car
flips and it looks like the car the car
when it's completely on its side as it's
about to crash because it's like passing
him it looks like it's like a foot from
smacking right into him it's crazy and
you see him like kind of flinch a little
bit but he's still there
it's a really impressive just done I
really got a scary but are you thinking
of movies nothing and good movies
don't put Silent Night deadly night part
two they did it's now to be on
everybody's mind yeah the first thing
everybody picks oh that's the other
thing I was asked this about the rules
whether or not this would be like in sub
only mode for people who can answer
pictionary questions and I think for a
few of them it will be in sub only mode
okay but for most of them this is dr j
and john kilo for most of them i'd like
to keep it open to everyone
whatever what are the prices is it like
Steam games yes I have I have a whole
bunch I'm at him and a bunch were also
donated to us I will find that person's
name right now no I will finish writing
and benefit so then rich can write while
I find that person's name they're
donated to help in big in the streams
smert that's very smart
Smurf Smurf what's the what's the can't
went too smart
yeah not to be confused with Smurfs
yeah I probably based on yeah yesterday
was Christmas with my mom's side of the
family
oh really already well you know we do a
lot of Christmases okay and I made my
brother watch too many cooks oh yeah you
seen it he makes Internet videos with me
and he's more in the marketing side of
things and I was like Nick you've got to
see this this is can't believe he hasn't
seen it he's not he's not into that side
of it he doesn't know how to sell
products and whatnot alright that's why
we work well together he could only make
it about eight minutes in really yeah
eight minutes in that's about when it
starts to get interest I know he made it
he made it just past when we start
seeing the sets okay fine
thank you for subscribing dude speed
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciated to cook vide did he get to
the part where the girl starts running
and her name is under her that's one
becomes brilliant I know is what he's
just like yeah that's when I was hooked
I know interesting I know I know I was
really disappointed but I guess it's
safe to say the too many cooks is not
for everyone yeah but no it was just
like Nick don't you understand how
important this is this is this is fun
man knew what you know and he just like
yeah I get it I just don't want to watch
it
darkstorm 99 fair thank you for
subscribing also the chest saying that
these sub audio is not working it's it's
clicked on on my open broadcaster or
cider all know what the fuck isn't
working ya know what's y'all know
remember the audio is just not there
because the audios turning down watch
watch me not know this is your computer
driver extreme turbo extreme turbo
turbulent what turbulator regulation
what was that Oh turbulence that's that
movie with Wesley Snipes you see in that
like a 90s movie set on a airplane
no that's passenger 50 thats oh okay
what's turbulence who's in that fun
that's another one of those type of
movies oh gee mo 109 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Phil Davis thank you for subscribing
really appreciated he could he could be
recent crime
oh if you let your subscription lapse
and I see or maybe it's like a fill like
this is Phil underscore Davis maybe the
other one was still Davis one-word Phil
baby's 21 I don't know why the audio
isn't working there's I don't know that
there's much I can do about it right now
cuz do you know more about that
something I knew but hey curly mustache
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate him a lot of subs for not
playing games maybe that's the key let
people see you play
right now the only thing is on screen is
like a white screen Oh could you draw so
what people are saying is they would
rather see this than see you guys play
games pretty much just draw something
anything I love it I love it a lot
oh that's funny they're already saying
the movie is snowpiercer that's a funny
joke cat and I like it I appreciate it
rich is now playing checkers and that's
gonna be fine that's gonna I mean it's
gonna have to be fine right
describe my strategies its checkers you
just move the pieces what do you want
control control center trying try and
get double jumps
all right what do you got Jack how many
you got um I'm gonna do a couple more
all right I'm gonna do a couple more
it's you know like I said I want to make
sure that it's varied and I don't know
how many we're gonna do in general I
just want to make sure this guy's taking
us my last time me doctor killed a cabin
we are happy that we could introduce FTL
into your life it is tough you know like
when the next blanket review thank you
for subscribing there it is finally
found it we very much appreciate it but
you know like we and we talk about that
a lot like there are some games where
just by looking at it it's deceptive you
know game like FTL I definitely stayed
away from for a bit a game like spelunky
I stayed away from forbid just because
of how it look it's how I thought it was
gonna play and then you play it and it's
a whole different thing
Oh see I just saw FTL I thought oh this
looks interesting
really yeah I didn't have that feeling
and they looked a little boring to me
what the fuck is wrong with you Oh many
many things oh and I'm trying to think
of what this movie is called take
another one time's a-wastin yo wastin
we're screaming okay Oh
defense is pretty good pretty good
you think you need to surrender Oh
oh my god I can't believe you fell for
that for what the double jump
there was nobody there was not a fall
for that was planned thing yeah I'm
saying he fell for you planned it out
great
oh I even though wasn't that great and
there was no significant game anytime
there's a double jump I'm impressed
easily I'm easily impressed by checkers
is the thing that you should know and
I'm gonna rain fire down in his ass
that's what I'm gonna do a king or a
queen okay you know this is a chess
check there are no Queens and checkers
um you're right my crocodile brain was
in full full we're the ultimate
crocodile brain Joshua
I'm marching down to victory here we're
getting one of these too sure I did
um today I spent some time cutting up
your solo livestream yeah wow you don't
talk I know I was very upfront about
that fact I don't in and it's like I
knew to expect that but then like I'm
scrubbing through you know what I do
when I cut up the the twitch episodes is
I kind of just click on every 5-10
minutes and see what we're talking about
and write it down yeah or the
description yeah and you know usually
our conversations will last about that
long 2 to 5 minutes and and so I'm doing
that with Richards episode and it's just
dead silence click next five minutes
dead silence click next five minutes oh
that was nothing I'm just saying it's
fine I had nobody to talk to Jack I've
listened it's tough it's tough when
there's no one to bounce on when you did
yours completely so Lauren how you did
did you not talk as much no I talked to
probably more really yeah you just like
hearing your dad voice Jack that's very
true
or perhaps I'm a constant professional
professional no it's fine it's fine also
like I just I you know what I would do I
would literally write down a list of
things to talk about and if the chat
ever dried up I would just go to my list
and be like hey here's what's in the
news and blather on endlessly about it
so you're too laid-back to blather on oh
my god I have like super strong opinions
right for the most part so sorry got
hacked
that certainly happen it's true okay I
have one more I have one more movie
title that I want to get out here okay
there's still writing titles I you know
yeah he's taking a suite last time my
lord can I have another piece of paper
no she's run out of paper
pardon the noise was adjusting the mic
is dropping the mic I was one of the
pieces of equipment so as I mentioned to
the chat earlier we got a new audio
recorder I upgraded from the h4n zoom
audio recorder to the h6 which has
multiple XLR ends you can control each
of them with a physical knob it's a
piece of equipment that I'm very excited
about when things are plugged into it it
looks like some sort of electronic
insects it was like something out of
eXistenZ I don't understand that
reference David Cronenberg movie Wow
okay
it does look something like something
out of a David Cromer oh my god this is
taking so long
whatever didn't rich just say like five
seconds ago that he was really laid back
I don't know did he he did has that
other room I switch between extremes I
guess yeah there's some ripped up paper
for you
which does so I sold some equipment I
had lying around one of which was my old
keyboard and I was holding on to it
because I figured it was like I could
always use it as a midi keyboard but of
course it's you know it's like a full
synthesizer keyboard that I used to play
cuz I used to be in a band and it's like
I don't need this yeah I got a really
decent price for it and I got very
sentimental about it mm and I don't you
know I and and then I realized something
very important people often ask us about
like where we met yeah and I realized
that being in a band is literally
literally led to me meeting you guys
that's true yeah yeah now someone who is
in my band too started another band with
Jays friend Dixie yeah
and you know you might have recognized
Dixie from the Grabowski episodes and
she introduced us that's great that
crazy did I did I ever meet you before
you show up to shoot that garbowski
scene like was it the first time we ever
even met probably I mean we saw each
other like out at shows and stuff maybe
yeah
but that might have been our first
meeting Oh weird I know life is weird
life is weird but I got rid of it I got
rid of my keyboard I haven't touched it
in about a year he's been in my basement
for a year yeah yeah I don't get any
sort of sentimental attachment to
equipment yeah no not really it's like
if we upgrade to a new camera I have no
problem selling off the old camera I
have no attachment to it camera you just
you used everyday no I actually
destroyed in a movie I made uh 1012
years ago my the camcorder the VHS
camcorder that I grew up making movies
on a shot all sorts of stuff in
elementary school and junior high in a
movie I made years later I actually
destroyed that on camera that VHS
camcorder because I didn't care I've
been there multiple times all right
destroy my old camera on camera
yeah I don't know this I that is a
problem for me in general like I hold on
to stuff for way way too long yeah
okay I'll be back it looks like we're
back we have no idea what happened no no
nothing at nothing happened so probably
North Korea's fault
oh that can't
Kim Jong Gymkhana hyung you can't get
out of our twitch he's getting really
desperate for things to hack it this way
he said how do I top Sony oh I know this
video game this small radio game stream
out of Wisconsin no one will see it
coming
hahaha and then he writes a little note
that says I'm a cunt okay okay yes we
all saw the Frank Miller Wikipedia oh
god yeah I got all day what are they
they freeze that up so you can't keep
making changes it is back to normal now
you know I don't understand why people
would do that we explicitly said in the
video do not do this it was it's really
bizarre
because Wikipedia is meant for factual
information thank you and PG tipps 785
thank you for subscribing
do you give tips on how to get your
movie to be a perfect PG rating PG tipps
counting me parental guidance I forgot
it more general sense isn't that it's
like a redundancy though for parental
guidance tips I will give you tips I'm
guiding your children what I don't know
what you're talking about sorry I mean I
deal but but I don't poor Evans thank
you for subscribing
that's a lovely pun rich
and if you don't get it yeah see like
Rich's name yeah what does that call a
homonym well in two words when it's like
the same word it has two different
meanings well that's not rich and porton
I'm the same meaning you know Richard
rich is the same word that's two
different me oh yes mr. Damon rich yeah
Oh Edwards I'm not poor heavens no I I'm
I'm lost my brain has turned to jello I
don't know what's going on anymore all I
know is best of the worst and Silent
Night deadly night part two that's all
I've got anymore that's all you need to
know J see if I can figure out this what
the fuck situation people are very upset
that they're not getting any what the
fuck's playback devices oh you guys play
back device okay I'm done oh my god that
took me half as long as it took you yeah
how many titles did you guys do each I
even count these one just whatever came
near by three I only did like six or
seven five rich also the chat is
complimenting you on your prank phone
call oh yeah yeah something I would
reiterate for myself masterful to me
it's not as impressive as the airplane
one well it's it's more over-the-top
obviously so it's a different type of
thing yeah just visualizing the the
planks going around New York City and
them filming a CI creates good visuals
in my mind but that one was 100%
completely off the top of my head I
almost cheated yeah the last one cuz I
noticed earlier that there was a 800
number in the back of the box uh I got
off the wheel uh-huh so I was expecting
that all night
oh really notice thing what am I gonna
do what am I gonna do oh I don't know
that yeah so I was in my head okay it
wasn't all 100% there but I got hearing
I see well now it sucks yeah it does
hateful full disclosure yeah it's a good
movin yeah we did not miss a subscriber
we got poor Evans was our last
subscriber we got him or her or them and
PG tipps yeah we got all the subscribers
so damn jet I'll reach there there's a
subscriber from a while ago hold on I'm
getting Compaq desk Pro eight zero eight
six thank you for subscribing if we
missed you I apologize
alright it looks it looks like we're
back and so I just want to take this
time now to say I am sorry Kim Jong on I
apologize for saying negative things
about North Korea it will never happen
again
no I won't say anything bad about Kim
jong-un in the next half of the bag what
kind of okay yeah I was gonna say what
kind of bad things should we not say
about Kim Jong on we will not talk about
how your country is a joke and
impoverished we will not talk about how
while you're most of your country
starves you seem rather poorly we will
not talk about the laughable propaganda
that you put out to your people thinking
that it's cool these are a button these
are examples of things we won't say not
say okay well that's good I'm glad
that's out of the way yeah dodged a
bullet
are you ready to go we are we are so who
wants to go first
I'm not me okay I'll go first you're the
veteran all right I'm the veteran okay
so rich okay okay put me in the hot seat
I have the hat set that we're gonna have
to write down then yeah we will do you
need another piece of paper
no I killing me with the paper
yeah we're not being very eco-friendly
I'm gonna I'm gonna open up a new oh
come on with the internet the trees have
had it better than they've had it -
that's true
you're right this is a golden time for
trees okay I have a new blank document
okay all right where's my where's my
lousy moss okay so what I need to see
what you grab so I can well I haven't
grabbed anything yet I want I want to
make sure like I can go yeah I want to
see - okay I want to I want a thicker
brush here don't we all that's funny cuz
it's a penis joke are you talking about
how do we nobody does nobody has since
1997 the only time I've ever played
around with mspaint was that one night
for the stream go bigger yeah and this
paint looks like it's a shitty program I
mean it's yeah can you just open up a
new window no I suppose you know what I
suppose you're in okay great so now get
out of a race or go back to pencil all
right okay can aim I'm gonna pick get it
get ready everyone so now it's your job
Jan rich said monitor the chat and for
this first one not subscriber only mom
sure oh okay okay okay
Ju I won't yell out an answer of course
but if I get it all I'll make a note
that I got her okay I've picked
I have picked a random movie title from
the head and we have an actual hat Thank
You Jay it's the Hat that rich is
wearing in the breakdance conclusion to
one of the best of the worst is the very
same hand you're right
all right okay are you ready and here we
go okay I need to watch gremlins before
Christmas okay do this we can get our
Paint Bucket Oh No what did you do I
messed up right can I hear it
there we go okay I fixed it but I got to
start over now okay absolutely this is
absolutely vital trust me I got this I
got this all right okay a little bit
like this
think I have an answer like this Seven
Samurai uh it scrolled up I can't see it
because there's so many people in check
somebody somebody got Seven Samurai how
do you get that so quick cuz that looks
like a samurai there's only so many
movies with samurai the title okay
that's the chat in slow mode would that
help I mean it would help but I don't
know if I'm gonna be that guy I'm gonna
be that guy I think might be the one
that got it you are the more levy is yes
that's the first one I see yeah okay
hold on we're gonna write it down down
you got Seven Samurai can you uh we're
gonna need to find they're like well get
ahold of you through twitch okay and a
later point yeah I'm gonna feed that guy
I'm good
gon na so we just take a turns doing
this yeah sure wait I do and na is it
just felt like how it's normally spell
uh I'll read it off to you
okay I am G Oh in a b e th a t GUI great
you are first winner so now I'm gonna be
that guy if you can refrain from
guessing for at least a couple at least
the next four winners okay
winners I'm gonna be that guy
congratulations I can't believe you got
that so quickly
oh fuck there you go actually you know
and I don't care about guessing I want
to know what they are more curious to
see how you draw but leftover beefcake
yes there might be spiders did you shit
huh did you no okay rich has chosen
where do you go from new and the blue
thing down no oh all right no I don't
want to say man let's be shit how do I
do this
all right here we go how do you do okay
I got my eye on the chat I know I can
visualize what to do in my head what the
hell is that oh I see what yeah probably
not the best route but hey justjust
watch that jet yeah I'm on it and Jay
you'll get a chance
nothing not even close huh hold on up
there gallon fearful sludge boy yes it
is Mac and me after your fall sludge
bull you're full of one word spell just
how it sounds uh-huh you know what I'm
gonna do that makes it even easier I'm
gonna copy and paste there you go
beautiful sludge boy you got Mac and me
you guys are quick okay okay yes that
looks that's a great macaroni what also
what some let's go ahead and put this in
slow mode
oh god that should be a slow boat I've
just put it in slow mode okay the room
is now in slow mode so now you guys can
only send one message yeah because that
now it's more of a challenge
you can't just spam answers yeah all
right Jay how do you want me to do it's
your turn okay

[Part II]
maybe fuck this something stream is
ruining her stream well it's like you
know we've all done we've done it from
here before yeah
I'm this computer it could be it could
be twitch yeah it could be Kim we're on
a first-name basis now I feel like I
wouldn't want to be we're not back up
yet doesn't say we're running no this is
offline don't uh down here mm-hmm no it
says it's uploading the open broadcaster
you know we're sending out kilobytes and
whatnot oh sure okay but it's not ah
stop it and started again
again yeah why not well how long most of
the late not this long yeah starting
again starting again certain again over
running it
you're right Manny the very King now
this is podracing so in other words it's
the most boring part of the evening
uh-huh apparently this is just um what's
happening makeup so the thing about this
next planket review don't let up again
um do we do something crazy like restart
your computer is this at least going to
save all of the settings and whatnot for
what for open broadcaster right we're
not gonna need to read just everything
dannegan restarted together maybe out of
like this time oh right here we go here
we go we're gonna see how my computer my
computer cannot handle and this paint J
you want to get ready to do if you're
streaming if we stream though far
nothing that's true what's this is
offline it still says I find God
do-do-do-do-do-do
no it's not it's not refreshing the page
and we are not online okay
so Jimmy alright we might be back we
might not be back I'm on own because of
the stupid delay how about those awful
bears are they sucking oh wait oh my god
Dallas worked Thank You Dallas oh my
lord
apparently the Packers did really well
today did they I had to skip I didn't
have to but I skip the game so that it
wasn't forced to or anything I just yeah
probably
it looks it looks like we're back
cutting out audios cutting out we're
cutting out yeah I get so wait I see it
on mine alright is it is the noise gate
back on the noise gate might be back
I'll check that we're gonna double-check
the noise gate I think we might just be
having issues we're just having issues
um also I'm gonna be that guy if you are
indeed the one who had donated a bunch
of these games thank you very much
he contacted me through the red letter
media subreddit and said he had a whole
bunch of extra games to give out and I'm
gonna be that guy we really appreciate
it and I'm sure the people in the stream
really appreciate it as well so thank
you the audio gate is still off great
well there then we should be fine okay
that's right that's right
when should we do up subscribers only
will you around our next round of the
three of us this is for everyone though
this one's for everyone okay
okay Lindsay oh my
okay you are right actor Jack I'm
working on that I'm actually a decent
artist just everyone knows I'm doing
stick men for the sake of brevity here
sure Jay I'm a half decent artist but
now with a goddamn mouse yeah I honestly
don't know what to do beyond this
notice the height difference hey no you
can't say you can't say anything
okay now we're checking we're checking
that was going by fast I know I'm going
slow here I hope I don't miss it I'm
going slow oh I have no idea what to do
be honest no one has gotten it so far
and give you my ideas but then I can't
say yeah you guys have not gotten it yet
I'll tell you that
i-i've been slowly scrolling through the
chat mr. love the ants thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate believe it's mr. I
love the ants whatever I missed one
goddamn letter come on Jay
you guys keep trying I honestly sure
okay I guess I can draw next to it okay
signifying that separate join on the
site
oh god you remember the mouse is the
first thing that's that's what makes the
game challenging for us and hopefully
hilarious for everyone else
oh my come on you guys you can get this
come on J you can do this at what point
did we decide that J has failed
no none he just has to go until he gets
it we could be here all night
yes in theory and you can't I guess you
know the other rules you can what the
heck are you doing now you can't draw
words oh I just I love all of your
guesses by the way and people are
somewhat close with some of their some
of their guesses yeah but no one's got
it yet they're getting the idea though J
you're getting the idea across they just
haven't guessed the right title okay
wait oh there it is done under button of
man oh is that your gender but okay
thank you that's the baby children of
men I was trying to think how can I draw
something visually that will explain
long takes
so being future and long tape that's a
really great guy but I just love that
you know I love how you went from stick
figure it's a detail keep it simple sure
here's a man here's a child that's what
it's a child right what the hell is the
left hand right with left hand drawing
as a child of a man I love a man - you
know it's a child because of the
propeller beanies called children of men
I would have drawn multiple kids oh yeah
okay and that would have been my advice
that would have been good stephannie
I definitely like yeah like giving a
mustache or a dick or something know
what I mean like for a man you like to
do this is a guy you have a garrulous
dick hanging out surrounded by children
jack you gotta think these things
through shit okay I can't be backseat
drawing if I'd said what I do after the
fact okay you crazy people I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm gonna go now and this is this
is subs only yeah oxygen can you switch
it to sub Oh me Mulligan but thank you
dunder but we will contact you via Grand
Am oh one thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it all the winners we
will contact you via stevia goodwitch
and for the fetch after the fact and
we'll give you a code for a game or what
if someone that wins doesn't have a
steam account some of think some begins
we had a free it's free to get one Oh
and my old man advanced safety desktop
okay that your wallpaper no okay so are
we okay
Thank You AK today we are in sub only
mode now all right okay and okay okay no
it's not all right I got this
and here we go cuido thanks for
subscribing Wow good work Jake I just
saw it there we go here we go here we go
Ches 87 thank you for subscribing and it
sounds like our what the fucks are
working again that's great
quite good bad this is one I tried to
cos can't write words right I'm gonna
try to get my IV across here
well the expert just showed up in the
yeah the chap here you're doing good I
feel pretty good about this I can't see
what you don't okay too much attention
do it's great it's possible a lot of
people might not know the movie I think
I could some bourbon bladder boot speed
you got it watch me it's a good thing
you subscribe today you see it pays to
subscribe there you go didn't plan it is
the answer okay you know how many of
them the classic like no smoking sign
that's what I thought it was gonna
happen the venue just did the X yeah you
know what is the fun anything well no
see then then yeah that's more of like
this fine it's cool this planets not
good thing you guessed that before Jack
start during that turning thumbs up yeah
or he would have just confused like
everyone's planet is okay this planet no
that's forbidden
thumbs up doesn't know that doesn't work
doesn't want dick the birthday boys sing
he had at first I know if we can scroll
up I will throw up yeah yeah
always possible I missed it oh he said
he had it first but it was in slow mode
so he can type it ok well that's that's
why I should only guess when you know
rather than just throwing shit out there
just saying just saying maybe maybe it's
your fault you will be contacted
I'm gonna grab to see two minutes slo-mo
does it in two minutes limo is that yeah
yeah that's in 120 seconds long okay you
can literally you kind of get one this
is I and I think that's an OK I guess it
makes it more of a challenge 30 seconds
30 seconds slow that's fine but like
like that's the thing I want you're
getting I don't want you just to spam
guesses yeah that's true don't don't
just say things until you happen to
maybe get it right exactly how about
this let's do 60 second slow-mo mmm a
minute because I feel like 30 seconds is
too quick so maybe 45 45 smells fine 45
we'll see how it works yeah okay 45 all
right
sixty-second it is sorry octo Jane we're
being we're being twats can we do 52
seconds 52 and a half seconds please
also diet doctor awesome thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
alright here we go alright subscriber
only and we're gonna guess this movie
we're going start right in a few seconds
from now and okay and go yes spamming
guesses is how you play Pictionary but
we have a you know we have a lot of
people it's a competition it's suppose i
should be looking at this we have to do
things a little bit differently here
because people yeah at pictionary you
have like four or five people right
we've got 630 well not that but now if
it's in submode but still oh oh my god
immediately space space camo got it oh
before you even had the pin neuron okay
that's crazy
the birthday boy is closed I'm so sorry
take the birthday boy also like good
guess with kingpin again lots of
kingpins lots of Big Lebowski so I guess
those are the two big bowling movies
what are you funny now if we drew
kingpin
one of us might have a double because we
didn't look at what each other was doing
that's true that's possible I don't know
what do we do in that case if we roll
double yeah okay yeah I guess that's the
everybody watching though you know it's
possible we would you're all double take
the birthday boy you're so close they're
rich all right Reggie
am i other your turn all right
Oh Gord this is me shuffling through our
actual hat okay yeah that's true dunder
button that's harder one
oh no did you write that nice that's a
nice one that's nice
yeah like and we wanted to make it a
little easy by by like narrowing it down
to just movie titles right subscribers
only we are starting now mm-hmm all
right did we miss a sub oh yes dick
lukewarm thank you for subscribing
welcome to the game
we very much appreciate it don't worry
we will do non sub games again this is
just like one one round of the three of
us if we missed your sub just you know
near the end of the stream let us know
cuz we're not we don't what hearing the
what the fuck we we don't have sound yes
I'm the stream so we're not hearing it
wonder is we could and it doesn't talk
talk about the AVGN movie thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
very funny name I talked about it they
do they do but they don't have it yet
they see what you're doing but they
don't have it yet paint it white see the
blue arrow like yeah
oh I see it's bigger than the window we
know that oh oh that is mr. Li was it
mr. Forman Emily you mr. Foreman le
coplann Copland
though technically Copland I believe is
one word and you typed it in as no mr.
Foreman le you get Copland all right
gonna get you in here
mr. Foreman le now we are opening it
back up to everyone will do will do more
subscriber always later but we'll do a
few rounds here without subscriber only
one so now we're opening it up to
everyone
cuz we do just appreciate everyone who
comes by we got balanced shuffling
through destiny new dumb safe and away
we go
I have no idea what to do okay
oh oh I got to do I got this you guys I
got this and it's gonna happen what the
hell you see you'll see how much I have
this I don't I have I don't see that at
all I'm gonna I have this you don't even
know how much I have this okay
gorilla interrupts it everybody
if I have a paint bucket this would look
a lot better you get it yeah but you
never get it don't Maya yeah I know I
know
okay so then
if your people are just listening off as
many sci-fi movies as we can think of a
Mickle 87 they didn't say the full title
but everybody knows the full title so I
think we should count it okay okay okay
a Mickle 87 says plan nine and yeah plan
9 from outer space oh I like your pages
a Mitchell or a Mickle 87 my like I
wanted to like fill in the earth here
yeah you know you could have done just
made space and they're on a pie plate
flying through space like saucer would
have done it well that's the pie plate
as a foreign side yeah yeah but this is
this is nine plans from outer space and
they went with Plan nine yeah I get it
that's good although you would have to
know that those are plans it just looks
like paper with scribbling no no you see
space and you see nine of something yeah
that's a acceptable
totally it is acceptable I'm not saying
it's not but did you write down a
Mitchell 8700 you can just drag the
canvas can you drag the campus of the
canvas things about 3% we can't we can't
do the plus and whatnot oh yeah no cuz
it's it's sent to capture this right oh
okay okay just like that
and I can spell it for you I have it
highlighted if that helped yeah you're
right yep
am i CH e l87 excellent guess we will be
contacting you later with a video game
of varying quality no guarantee no
guarantees on quality we're just
randomly giving games out they might be
great they might suck no rich is making
a nasty face no idea I can't even think
of what to chart what I want you a job
like rich yeah oh fuck I haven't even
seen the movie I'm just aware of the
general yeah hey yeah me too Oh
okay here we go here we go but we aren't
oh yeah okay slow mode is about to start
so go ahead rich open everybody open to
everybody okay until the person who
keeps copy pasting the comment about The
Hobbit yes we've seen it there's a video
being edited now so you can stop asking
please oh dear God please it's not
working for me okay
try getting refresh well you don't have
to James yeah let me to see if it I'm
hitting refresh
nope it's offline when I refreshed it
alright we were doing good there for a while

[Part III]
and start streaming and start streaming
we got green playing down here
that's good that's something and I still
got nothing but we'll see if it comes up
on yours oh wait we got okay we're back
up we are back up
wait I'm gonna wait to Jake is back and
free pause I'm guessing for awesome
cause I'm guessing I'm not even checking
yeah we're not even checking right now
no we haven't checked anything since the
stream went dumb and yet rich pause is
drawing so I'm not I'm not looking at
the chat right now I just want to let
everyone know that rich is not looking
at the chat so your guesses are moot at
the time we're gonna wait for Jay to
come back and we leave rich will
continue to draw or you just keep
drawing hmm what's a jig expect okay
rich wants to wait for Jay I'm gonna
make sure I can see once this ad is over
then the drawing and everything looks
fine yeah oh okay okay
oh my screen that was the lad gotcha
what do you think of my drawing so far
um I like it
okay do you like that detail on the
mouth huh huh you mean that it's a you
know it looks it looks like a mouth and
Jay is back we are ready to start again
oh you're waiting for me yeah wait for
me I'm kind of working still oh I'll be
an hour we know we had to fix the
screams okay okay here we go
rich is starting up again back in slow
back startup no yes we are we are now
paying attention to the chat oh wait
black remember I remember yeah yeah
that's a good didn't know the movie but
he's doing okay you guys haven't got it
yet I mean you're kind of getting most
people have guessed correctly that that
is a woman or girl of some kind
yeah so good job on that hunger um
Jamie to log in here I can no longer at
the winner okay let's pull up and find
his name yeah yeah Lee logging me out of
the chat yeah so I've been trying to
tell Avenged
eleventy fold that he got it he got the
correct answer of Sophie's Choice yeah
what Sophie's Choice but uh
oh it stream is offline so worried
they're not hearing us oh wait no no no
no it was Sophie's Choice avenged 11
default got it first and then as soon as
we mentioned that that he won it crashed
and so it's your fault avenged way to go
but look at this look at this great
Sophie that's a great Sophie's Choice I
don't know that's what happens in the
Nazis forced her to choose one of her
cancers net the gist of it I've never
seen it yeah
I honestly don't know anything beyond
the title I thought it was like ideal
they would only let her take one of her
kids with her when she was what I
thought it was like a health thing were
like one of her kids could like you
donate a kidney to the other kid but he
might die and so though parent had to
choose whether they both might die or
they both might live what is a chat
what's Sophie's Choice look I don't have
time for Sophie's Choice I got so many
other
because I have to see like Silent Night
deadly night part 2 yeah okay I have
priorities okay it's your tongue okay
I'll try not to kill the dream no
someone just copy pasted the the plot
really yep it's really about now yes I
had no idea was about the Nazis I didn't
know either they will there you go
thank you that's one of those movies I
know the title but I never knew what it
was actually about yeah
okay great platform of doom um yeah I've
seen this a couple times to the people
who say like no half in the bag for a
month they kept busy guys just came out
I'm currently editing the best of the
worst that is about three episodes worth
basically there's going to be a late
December glutton
yes content I mean also you know they're
making a feature-length movie also
they're the ones who package up all of
the merchandise yeah I'm I was hoping I
was hoping one of you got that one okay
okay we are going so we are ready for
slow mode can I write text if it doesn't
pertain
like it's like quotes in the movie no no
no no no words no words at all you can
you can draw quotes from the movie sure
sure okay just want to make sure I
assumed not but I wanted to make sure
cuz I have something very specific in
mind that I'm gonna do here yeah okay
okay here okay we are now in slow mode
all right
and Jains 30 it is not Caddyshack you
are wrong and you wasted your slow mode
guess it's like how like their their the
plan here is to get an early guess in
just in case yeah yeah just in case they
can stab but then by the time 45 seconds
comes around there might be actually
something drawn okay oh my god this s
Joby s Joby 89 how in the world I think
it's cuz I'm attempting a job from the
proper perspective of the shot in the
movie how in the world did you get there
will be blood and it's gonna keep doing
it keep finish you're trying there is no
way s Joby H oh jesus H Christ sometimes
you guys you shock me
you shock me odd oh and don't forget
about avenge eleven default I tell
myself I did not forget about well I'm
done you got it yeah exactly event
Nicole do you usually shock me in a bad
way I'm shocked in a good way how
quickly you guys get oh that's great
that's a great little drawing DJ which
one did avenge eleven t forget Sophie's
Choice Ivy says I don't think it matters
like which movie they want I just want
to write it down for posterity yeah sure
okay great rich what I just wait just
Sophie's Choice
oh my gosh I you know I I don't I've
done me look screen I hope also that you
guys aren't doing this I think this is
fun and I think this is a unique the
next blinky review spoilers there was
blood that's my favorite aspect of that
movie is that the title basically tells
you where it's going what direction is
that he does so great okay I think this
is an interesting thing to do
I'm unwrapping I'm wrapping it oh god
damn it
honey yeah so I wrote a few you're
getting all the ones that you hope to
others would get I wrote a few that I
really wanted other people to get and
now I got it yeah this is what you get
oh my god hmm okay you know what these
are you think I'm sure but it would have
been more fun to see you to see and hear
you guys hold on
print them out and sign them okay hi are
we ready are we ready yes okay okay do
you remember brain my brain was dead
here hey to reboot my brain to restart
your brain stream here we go rusty
snooze got it oh well I think it's zeros
but Frosty's news got it already
well we worked on the name that's
important I guess mr. P copy pasted that
was clearly a guest just based on the
fact that you drawing something
business-related frosty shoes Frosty's
news hey you drew a - he got it before
that
oh yeah why that's still no he wasn't he
had the tree finished right yeah yeah
okay it's cuz you know why because Jack
didn't reference no reference to thing
we did yeah you see green yeah yeah yeah
that's true
cuz I've seen other people like elves
like the action movies that we done so
Jack it was a stupid idea and you should
feel ashamed we wanted here to have fun
we're here too we're here to test their
abilities yes
movies right and I'm sorry you're right
and I'm sorry
I take that come on take the Hat we have
all of your twitch names copied in a
Google Doc Oh John kylo the movie was
Christmas vacation too I don't know if
we even son oh sure that's what it was
Christmas vacation too
yeah that's another one I even watched
her be any oh okay my wife certainly any
Christmas movies this year
oh yeah I've watched black Christmas and
Cylon deadly night part two we just
watched el you know else cute classic
that's a cute one
classic cute one okay are we doing this
one subs only uh no do another non sub
only and then next round will be cell
phone okay Mexico because I already said
because I started it right I started
round me you J yeah yeah okay okay all
right
Oh junkie oh I didn't know there was a
Christmas vacation to our moderator
doesn't know our videos how embarrassing
for you John kilo
it's quite okay go watch our Christmas
best of the worst from last year that's
great a lot of people like that one
okay you should you should see elf it's
it's cute it's fun it's cute and fun and
a little smokey but although it's you
know it's it's okay to be schmaltzy in a
children's Christmas movie like that's
kind of what I like about that movie is
the complete lack of cynicism yeah
that's fine for a movie like that yeah I
knew whatever was guessing was going to
be the first guest nope nope someone got
it riser G risers II got mightyjoyoung
oh wait no I'm sorry Dave Davey eight
eight zero zero five Dave guess
mightyjoyoung right before I'm so sorry
and it's one right after the other do
one keystroke away yes yes you're very
close but Dave via day VI o five got it
da ba da da uh yes and I knew once you
pick once you got that wonder it feels
like everyone's gonna guess King Kong
yeah you got it jack I got it okay da da
ba live mighty Joe Young congratulations
wait those prizes yeah there's prizes
we're rich and I get gifted a bunch of
Steam games and a lot of times we get
doubles and so we are going to purge our
steam accounts we we got a bunch of
games gifted to us purely for this dream
you you have a lot more extra than I do
well I'll be it's because I giving you
stuff Jack it's because I I put things
in the gift inventory when they
you put them all in your in your
inventory so you can't get them out okay
okay that's a pretty good gorilla for
drawing it with a mouse oh they're
saying it terrifies people so I need to
delete it no I think it's pretty great
that's a really good girl I am oh my god
if we had copies of alien isolation I
would not even gift that to people
jokingly or five nights at freddys now
Jay will go and then there will be a sub
Oh nice girl
Jay will go and then the next round me
rich Jay will be sub only but Jay will
not be sub lonely that's just a regular
round for the next one for the next one
okay yeah all right your turn all right
Oh Mario Mario it's true I am a terrible
drawer that'll be fun I can think of a
way okay give me a second here to think
I can do this you guys don't even know
how much I got this visualizing is the
poster
nah doesn't seem like it should be that
hard either
let it flow Jay they can start
guessing now they already have starting
if somebody can someone gathers someone
gets to White Christmas
oh because that's funny yeah I can tell
you how I would have done it
yeah what's your why you tell me once ya
know it's you know but that's part of
the fun is kind of like forcing you to
draw without thinking you know okay yeah
they are though they're just throwing
out names because they might oh that's
funny I won't say it though okay all
right all right in crocodile brain you
are wrong
you can do it Jay we believe in you
doing something okay more than a else
once I get some color right so I'm
saying it's another Clive Owen movie
this guy does look a lot like Clive Own
everybody Jay draws looks like this is
really it's not necessarily the easiest
thing we do this is time trying
this is tom drawing clive owen
I'm trying to close this off so I can
color this in
That's a movie, spacekimo
What are they saying?
Mr. Roger Goes to Prison
I don't think that's a movie.
Is there a skin tone, a skin color...damn it.
Gonna make his hair white.
Don't say that out loud.
This is what I picture my picture you when I'm drawing.
know but that's fine oh oh there it is
yep gonna Phase II gonna Phase II gets
the naked I would have drawn just a
regular gun as good as I could never say
I would have started playing like censor
bars over it I hope you would have been
confused by the censor bars I think if
you just drew a dick yep the naked gonna
I'm gonna Phase II excellent guess I saw
it like a couple guesses before that was
spy hard and it's like I miss Leslie
Nielsen everybody does everybody does
it's really true everybody misses Leslie
Nielsen everybody misses George Palin
yeah everybody misses Phil Hartman yeah
mrs. Phil Hartman yes yeah because he's
from this area
sure he's from Milwaukee huh and I saw
him at the the deli near my old
apartment one time he must've been
dumped or something
sure and it was mom lived near my old
place people are saying his hand is
confusing it's a fucking Mouse we're
drawing in ms paint
what are those things called like a
stylus or tablet yeah like a lottery
Williams could do it
Freddie Williams I don't know Freddie
Williams could do it with the mouse oh
my god this would have been a great day
was fine ice but like a welcome maybe I
don't know it's I've heard it for now
I've heard it pronounced both ways a
wacom and awaken either way Freddie
Williams I have a feeling would blow all
of a side of the water or would he take
far too long because he wants to be
detailed
those were Holloway yeah yeah I agree I
was like I was almost literally rolling
on the floor track bad sky Danny you're
funny all right so now we go back to
subscriber only mode hold on Jack I'm
doing do me over and under and whether
or not I should get another energy drink
well we can take a break let's do that
we're gonna take a break we're gonna
take a break we're gonna come back
oh uh Ghana Phase II thank you for
subscribing you didn't need to subscribe
just because he won but we really do
appreciate it
you just wanna win again cuz we're going
to subscribe that's fine that's fine
oh just in time for my thing here oh
great well we'll be right back we're
gonna take a break hey
you
hey guys I got another energy drink and
we we ate some sugary treats and I got a
mad elf
fail this was sent to us by a fan yeah
it's a Christmas beer ale brewed with
honey and cherries Wow happy holidays
that's pretty tasty great it's 11
percent alcohol holy father it's high
for a beer or higher than most beers
that I drink but then again I haven't
been drinking a lot of beer lately yes
I've had three beers in the last like
month and that's it no for cuz this is
my second one tonight so four beers in a
month and that's it I'm gonna wait for
rich okay that'll be the birthday boy I
am drinking a Doss is that here that's
your energy drink of choice they all
taste the same to me they all taste
disgusting to me Monster is the only I
drink monster once a year for B fests I
buy a 4-pack and I drink it throughout B
fest let's the only energy drink I ever
had yeah aren't they like a thousand
calories each it's a lot it's too much
yeah that's still quite a bit for a
beverage honey yeah
is this make me feel funky so I don't
drink them and I don't think they taste
very good
but with with B fest they're necessary
to give you energy they do follow but
then they also make you crash war and
b12 b6 have you ever seen the movie role
models the David Wain movie no no Paul
Rudd and what's-his-face Sean William
Scott
they're like spokesmen for an energy
drink company and so it's like a montage
at the beginning of the movie of them
going
school to school like trying to tell
people to stay off drugs kids safe drugs
drink Minotaur let's say they're
drinking drink a Minotaur instead and
then during this montage it just shows
them both in like a public restroom and
they're urinating in the urinal and
there's their piss stream is like neon
green cuz all the energy drinks yeah you
gotta save this one this is a classic
we're going already
we're going on baby we're talking to
people already okay we're just dying
what's that behind his head I was just
playing around with a different painting
okay
oh it's a nice size like that it seems
huge it seems comically large yeah yeah
okay oh this is the this is the name
that I pull okay oh okay okay
interesting
yeah I can they give a few options I
don't know what I'm gonna do yet oh I
got it I know here we go here we go
I know exactly what
oh I think I know where you're going
oh never mind no I don't it's better way
you've could have done this Jack working
better wait oh there goes oh yeah I was
worried it was like nobody was saying
anything for a minute there okay I think
they're waiting for the okay to start
guessing Oh everyone do more ways
through slowboat a Jedi Master rich Mike
Myers is not a movie to see an SME
although he appeared as uh oh I heard
Amazon's dr. evil I didn't see it I
watched a bit of it it didn't make me
laugh and I stopped watching it but that
sounds like Saturday Night Live I
honestly don't know what you're doing Oh
Walt Walt I'm here Pisan beard yes you
won what are you oh you're doing the
ball gag your mouth gag I think you're
gonna chew the bandage in the bats and
that's what I thought you're near the
back of his head with the bandaid on his
neck that would works this is more but
Walt eyes and beard got Pulp Fiction oh
yeah of course they do
Walt heisting beard hold on let me get
find your name and copy your face all
eyes burn
Walt Heisenberg there's a - we're not
Jack I'm the opposite of - but I'm slow
what well I'm in there you go copy
winners all these people who win we're
gonna lose all that information you're
gonna crash it's in the Google Drive you
know what stay for the cloud dog no pulp
fiction Walt hi
I watched Pulp Fiction recently because
I hadn't seen it for a long time oh yeah
what you think it's still great it's so
every bit as good as it always has been
I tell you that I'm not surprised yeah I
can hack this out
we will not be auctioning off either
Rich's new computer or Rich's old
computer that sounds like my old
computer in the new ones like using the
same art drives and disk drive yes okay
this should be pretty easy I have
complete confidence in myself okay yeah
we're sharing how we're starting the new
one already let's go
the other it is I know what it is okay
oh yeah okay there's there's dr. J
starting slow Mon okay we um all right
we are in slow mode go rich fancy oh my
god you can do that yeah oh you can make
shapes have you never used an MS paint
the why use photoshop because that's a
real program what Jay said the one time
I've used MS pain was for that stream
okay it's fun seeing where the stream is
and seeing like what people would guess
because of that yeah I have no I know
what the title is and I don't know what
register I'm not sure you know Oh
something another wrong movie that's
that's entirely possible
okay yes we will be auctioning off
ridges old Internet oh okay
I don't know what you're doing I know
what he's doing
yeah I know what he's doing oh okay you
should be getting it right about now
Ashley rich has got some mspaint skill
there it is
au gratin gradum oh one random one Greta
my one of the Wizards the wizard I want
the power glove it's so bad
oh right after you gotta grab him every
single person yeah it was it was the
buttons that did the simplicity of it
like if this was a criterion release
this would be the cover yeah criterion
covered excellent excellent job grandma
one I remember like 12 13 years ago my
friend Ryan suddenly had the urge to
revisit the wizard so we walked down to
the video store cuz video stores still
existed at that point and we walk in he
just immediately like bolts up to the
front counter and user knows hi do you
have the wizard like you said it's just
like that this so bizarre Elvis Elvis
thanks for coming by why why isn't the
wizard I'm great it's a very good
question for maybe because it's a 90
minute commercial all right great
okay yeah okay doable okay all right
here we go we're going oh end for those
of you who don't know what the whiz oh
yeah for those of you don't know what
the wizard is it's a movie about a boy
doing going to a Nintendo competition
going to a no competition he runs away
from home no bridges and Christmas later
or on the road bonding over a Nintendo
to catch up to the little kids yeah
never seen oh really
yeah everything the waves as much as I
like Nintendo I never cared to see him
you should see the Wizard it's pretty
bad yeah it is what it is and a little
kid who is like super good at Nintendo
can't speak or something or it's oh it's
a pretty bad movie don't know if it's oh
rich give us some of paper I want to
know it's here Halloween three earlier
so many Halloween's but specifically
specifically three I missed the name I
was waiting for the full title I think
if they say Halloween three is okay you
gotta been I was gonna draw all the
silver shamrock masks kube Ark 42 oh no
no I'm sorry kubark
oh my god Jack you jerk I am I'm a big
jerks diet a diet dr. awesome got it you
sure there's no one
for him oh my god yes it was diet doctor
awesome die doctor awesome got it first
I'm very sorry Q vark to unsubscribe
oh also how didn't key part get in it
this is supposed to be subscriber only
mod we r doing a lot of switching on in
any case died doctor awesome got it
first die doctor arson gets Halloween 3
season of the yeah great twitch is going
through a transitional period right now
it's user bases growing exponentially
it's it's also dealing with its merger
with Amazon but they're still using
their their servers but its it's the
fastest-growing website there is right
now is that true that's true as far as
the user base is concerned it's it's
getting incredibly popular well as the
solo game live streaming thing gets more
popular so we have to we have to breathe
with its growing pains growing pains
we're back yay
oh we're saving this one you gotta save
the silver shamrock I said have you ever
seen this movie Jack howlloween
following three season of the witch
no maybe no mate I mean I've seen them
all at some point it's nowhere in my
memory okay well it's I I avoided it for
the longest time because I knew Michael
Myers wasn't at it it's a standalone
movie it has absolutely nothing to do
with the other Halloween movies but it's
great as its own weird-ass Halloween
movie Amazon will help twitch is
infrastructure but it just happened yeah
it hasn't happened yet
nobody likes Google+ right well you can
stream you can do like Google Hangouts
right or you can live stream Google you
can live the stream to Google or to you
to see YouTube yeah but which is
something I looked into for the annual
stream Athan yeah but I decided against
it oh I like the layout cuz you stream
is pretty similar to Justin TV which we
used before sure and I like that it's
very simple and straightforward yeah
YouTube's a little funky you know
YouTube is a little funky who the hell
is chard I'm assuming they're they're
confused at my steam username just just
think about it for a little bit why
would you why would you jet J why would
you assume why do you think my name my
username is chard well I know already so
it doesn't matter okay I know I talk
about things and we can we talk about
things the movie
No damn it that's a bad movie
ever Oh hump jay baer the stream the
annual stream sign will not be recorded
but it's not like this where we're
talking and stuff it is just a weird
things playing on the monitor and a chat
so it's a different thing than this it's
not like we're you know riffing on
movies or anything if you can make it
great I'm gonna play some weird stuff I
got some new things lined up this year
it's gonna be good for those who can't
see which is all of you I'm very excited
about the movie I was telling you about
on Wednesday yes I'm very excited to
watch that again and know it's the
stream will not be on Twitch no it'll be
on Ustream well I'll probably within the
next week or so I'll post something on
the website with like a schedule I mean
it's time to make a schedule because
I've been busy as dean yeah but go to if
you follow red glitter media on Twitter
I can only assume you'll tweet when you
stream yeah yeah I'll probably post the
link to the stream beforehand to would
like on the website I'll post like a
rough schedule and save so whenever I
have a chance to make one probably after
Christmas right after Christmas I'll say
somewhere around there okay it's the
first it's yeah January 1st January 1st
it's the hangover stream then I did the
last one yeah okay this is Ryan
Shanna's asking if my fiance calls me
Richard when she's mad at me she she she
gets much more colorful than that her
name is kind of smoked a little bit
unusually so I started calling her by
thick the last part of her first name
just to emphasize how it's spelled
different okay and then shortly shortly
after I almost burned down my
grandmother's house calling me charred
that makes sense alright alright your
turn it's my turn is this way is this
about me or yeah we're still in some
only way over starting again yeah we're
not in sub only at the moment we need to
okay this is a sub only guess Athan what
okay I can do this I can do this okay
who added that one 9fc yours isn't oh
really okay okay you know my okay rich
is looking at chat I have to remember I
know I know this okay ready
Thunder bud says hi rich
hide under but I've been here for a
while something you have to let's just
showed up just want you to say hi back I
said hi
well there you go hi dr. bud what the
hell I had it in my head and I was it
was much better in my head okay
Oh someone got it hey JEP versus the
world's media this is like the cover
this is the cover of meteor man yeah I
find it that I might have just drawn
like a meteor sure and then a guy that
makes sense
I mean streaming

[Part IV]
yeah wait no way that's coming - no come
on I'm out come in another come on now
right okay so who was that I don't know
J notice them J okay so this yeah this
is the cover it's a medium do you
remember that name
hey JP versus the world JP versus the
world for anyone who couldn't hear
Rachel is complaining about yeah this is
this is a big Christmas dream we're not
we're not going to stream on Wednesday
because it's Christmas Eve because it's
Christmas Eve why it's amusing that's
happening here during the big Christmas
stream and not during Rich's silent okay
only stream yeah I'll buy JP versus the
world I'm gonna pick a name you pick a
name yeah I'm gonna blame it on Ms pain
yeah I see some people in the chat have
mentioned that no I think that's really
the biggest culprit here I think you're
right I'm gonna say you're right the
world gets me
hmm yeah that's that's tough one dude do
each - yeah
what Josh Josh was on a stream now he's
on one stream one stream josh works a
lot yeah yeah people are asking what his
role in our arm is he comes behind he
watches stuff with us and he talks about
things that's what he does
not everybody you see on camera has a
full-time our om only thing they do some
of us gotta work but we're gonna try to
get Josh I have a great idea for the
next dream with Josh going up yeah I'm
not gonna say okay bud you fucking tease
it's true it's true but I've talked to
Josh about it and he's down now again I
don't know anything about this we're
gonna have a really fun time I do won't
be anytime soon
yeah yeah and it's that season where
people work co-op yeah yeah what the
fuck is Josh what the fuck is Josh he's
a human being is a person Jay yes
interesting question one of those two oh
sure I I would have a DP that knows how
to fucking use it I would not try to
choose something myself on it not right
anyway but absolutely there pretty yeah
yeah the red camera gets good images so
they make pretty pretty pictures
the Reds you know can be very affordable
yeah there's different models and stuff
so super nice with the Alexa though not
only do you need a DP you need like
three you need yeah this lenses and all
sorts of shit to keep track of so yeah
so when you're operating with a skeleton
crew no I would not want to but if I had
an actual crew absolutely right we go
now here's the thing is in an ideal
world I want to have to deal with camera
stuff at all I would prefer to not have
to worry about that
so we'll see we'll see what happens
we'll see what happens with what I hope
is my next film cut the four years later
when it's actually being made I mean are
we starting yeah okay rich is starting
by the way we're just gonna give her
over it for a little bit
sure is when you're dealing with a red
or no like so then you're talking about
dealing with a 4k post oh yeah yeah
which also means computer upgrades hard
drive upgrade
yeah that's a completely different now
that is really tough to deal with even
like even some of the budget cameras
like the Blackmagic Cinema cameras oh
yeah like those dealing even like 2.5 k
or four case isn't credibly they look
great huh okay here we go
rich is going
I've already forgotten rich is showing
me the card cuz I forgotten it I think I
forgot to okay I'm talking about cameras
oh yeah yes yes of course okay here we
go I love them don't you carry them this
looks like a South Park Canadian oh no
no you have the mouth never right before
the mouth that kind of did right right
gotta make sure these lines cross or I'm
gonna have paint spill over and
everything that's not good yeah hmm
everybody else made that mistake today
except for me
I like some of your guesses I think it's
funny now I see where you're going you
know what I'm doing yeah yep
come on you guys
they oh they haven't even seen another
they're singing just now we'll see who
gets it first now I see one guess that
is not a bad guess for where it's gone
so far it's not right but I can see
where they would get that conclusion
oh you're very wrong oh come on got it
go ahead
way to go cows they all come running out
naked problem of their shoulders I need
to re-watch Miami connection I haven't
seen it since that first time we watched
it agree I have to listen to the the
friend song many many times this is
cooler than everybody else
kaolin gate
oh now people are gonna say this is
right yeah we actually faxed it's true
Colin really wants a free video game yes
we couldn't just you know give him one
right right
you know because
once now out of up is my turn yeah okay
Oh 1700 that's pretty good that's all
right here we go buddy
wrap body wrap I'm gonna draw a name
here good job Cohen I know it wasn't
rigged I know nothing about this movie
okay yeah still subs for four days one
here subs only and then and then after
days will do will do average should I
save this one yeah you should say where
are we saving them to father thank you
have to clean the fuck out of my desktop
knob jack this is terrible all these
huge mspaint files I have a tiny-ass
solid-state drive I'm gonna run out of
space and there's a paint okay here we
go
okay I'm going we're going Jesus Christ
I literally know nothing about this
movie I love it'll make this exciting
yes you know and know about this movie
okay I love it already like my rendition
I do oh fuck
I fucked up his head you are so better
than me a drum with a demo so that's
amazing yeah
for most yeah yeah that's hair that's
supposed to be hair Oh was amazing
is there eraser I just don't know what
happened over here make it good and you
are wrong you made a gun - the smell of
fear nothing like Clive Owen you are
correct
what did someone get it no no you're
doing good oh you're doing well
he was yawning what what the fuck were
you doing all right
he remembers well sure
I have a Wacom tablet but part of the
fun of this game is do ya with the mouse
yeah glad I did not get this do you know
anything about it
no okay nothing oh five and someone yeah
yeah
I'm throwing the poster because that's
all I know that's right data again with
the big win he's gotten - yep but it we
gave people we said people needed to
stand for four and it's been six so he
did good okay Dave uh what is it fifty
first 50 verse states I'm drawing the
cover art because that's all I know
that's right it's him playing the little
ukulele next to Drew Barrymore yep it's
the only thing I know about the movie
perfect
and that's my M Sandler caricature
alright Oh
Dave oh I didn't even get to draw drew
Barrymore she started with your anymore
man
no cuz that's she's just standing there
I only know Adam Sandler's plain as
ukulele you draw it out that's right
that's why I didn't start with the
letter yeah it's the only thing I know
about the movie apparently it words you
don't want to admit that you know fifty
first days I understand completely
I've seen it it's not good I've seen it
no we told people they could vote again
or they could guess again after after
four tries maybe now Davis won twice a
daivam maybe no more yeah don't be
greedy but are you gonna punish him for
being good at the game right no that's
what you're doing jack
you're punishing him for being good at
the game well you want other people to
get a chance all right well they do have
a chance they're just failing it's true
hey buy dope smoke
thank you for describing we very much
appreciate it okay so now now now it's
open everyone not just subscribers
anyone can guess 50 forced date song I
don't know it's not new jugular it just
seemed like in general people were
people were saying oh you won twice but
that's fine everything's cool
I think if anyone's genuinely upset that
someone won twice in mspaint pictionary
they might need to rethink what they're
doing with their time does this be
though maybe just maybe there are prizes
there's a lot riding on this we haven't
said anything about the Mercedes we're
giving away later oh my god who's up oh
so yeah this is this is a this is a non
sub only one I'll jump back over here
yeah why not it's fine rendition Jax a
fine rendition with a mouse and you just
destroyed it I did I destroyed it for
well it's you know lives on in video
form gosh darn it another one of mine oh
no you're screwed yeah that's a tough
one oh yeah I thought it would be really
funny to put in some challenge
so for you guys okay anyone can guess
and here we go sis's any moment now okay
wait wait I think this could be the
dumbest thing ever I think I know what
you're going to do yeah and it's the
dumbest thing ever
if you're doing what I think you're
doing I don't want that I don't want
that
okay
the powers terrible huh that's terrible
yeah it might not be a good idea but I
think people will get it nope this is
the worst idea its Cyril this is the
worst idea for me to do
you you went with the wrong well fine
it's gonna be fine everything's fine no
one what look oh sure that would work
we're sending an email just looked ugly
big thing what oh yeah I feel like that
so many people are guessing death spa
god you're gonna have to explain this
makes any sense in your head this is
sounding I understand the first image
yeah with this this this pink person
yeah I don't know what the fuck better
okay we're gonna check again yeah you
need to start from scratch don't think
about that
I got this I got this you don't even
know how much I got this this may be the
first one that nobody will guess you
know if nobody gets it I washed I want
to stay better
oh I'm drawing it when yeah when Zach
fails yeah that's nice
this sucks jack is terrible at this game
oh my gosh yeah here big fat brush it's
a wait wait wait we got it so we got
wait no wait what no oh we do yeah oh we
got it
Gummer Keeley's gum Berkeley's
Barbarella
I guess he's figuring out the barbell
part barber yeah I was gonna do what is
the person Jack what is the person
singing barbell no no no second tribe is
fine you get the barber part you get the
barber pole you get the scissors and
then you draw a line down the string and
then you draw an umbrella no no nobody's
gonna get long
barbell you get a boom although honestly
I don't know what I would have drawn
what would you have drawn all the
scissors and then the second amber okay
okay so you had I would have just drawn
Jane Fonda falling over cuz that's where
she does to that whole movie just
constantly falling over well yeah then
maybe if people wouldn't have got it you
know you draw like what was that name
holy was it oh sure
oh I have it marked lady shit now I lost
it big hair oh who want it that's what
I'm asking
shit it's off the screen now at first it
did I had it marked so now it's on this
number Kiwis number Keeley's yes but
number Kelly's make another comments so
we can make a tournament so we can get
your widget module II think price your
price but from cumber Keely so somebody
else wrote it but I think it's got like
a like a addition there are some weird
ran new the M I don't think so octo J
reposted it yeah it does right after the
okay good we good thank you
good job thank you for being with me
Gillies thank you for sifting through
the shit thank you for sifting through
the shit that is my mind good cover
Keeley's underscore copy you in
Barbarella in my head it made me a why
understands all right rich yeah okay
thank you for getting the order that
we're doing these in it should be it's
only three of us try to be easy I guess
you're right you should get to games
obviously musical notation you're right
everyone gets it everyone gets it
where's the most on-screen house
now people are just typing wha
don't save don't oh yeah yeah don't say
that yeah I'm you know I do it it can't
everyone just fuck the pain away
it's alright I'm trying to think if I
saw Barbarella at B fests I think it
played be fast won it here I'd seen it
before
they'd be too mainstream no it's sort of
an oddball movie was a big flop oh oh oh
registered okay this is everyone I know
you're right I'm gonna make my my
Barbarella into a t-shirt and we're
gonna sell that one okay okay
I remember one day it was gone that's
good
there you go lot of good guesses nope
craze 87 got it crazy seven crazy 87
there it is hip it is escape from your
New York one of my favorites have you
ever seen a jack oh yeah you have seen
it okay oh of course
screen factories putting it out next
year I'm so excited to hit 2 disks
there's no information yet as far as
what they're gonna put on it sure they
know that it's gonna be to this bullshit
I'm so excited
that's great I was getting a little bit
abstract I'm just gonna draw your
liberty yeah yeah no that's good that's
that that sums it up how people got it
people yeah once you get the Statue of
Liberty in there yeah escape from
Milwaukee I kind of liked it better with
the blue solid baked no I'm not bribed
to mention scream Factory I just love
scream factory they put out so much
great shit over the last couple years
half of John Carpenter's movies have
been released through scream Factory at
those point then it will look more like
Escape from New York
winners KZ not crazy KZ 87 hey Z 87 you
so kz you so Brady's Ches
okay let's a fuckin Christmas thing song
oh my god Jay are you reading I hate
doughnuts
technically the annual stream isn't
annualized because you're doing it on
the first of the year 2015
yeah you suck unsubscribe but he's not a
subscriber so you know he's
unsubscribing from red letter media yep
from the website yep that's fine I'm so
sorry
I know you're joking so doesn't matter
but I'm so sorry that this this thing
that I do that I'm not obligated to do
in a in any way is a few days later than
it normally is a week later I understand
I understand you're by the way and look
you even put shading on the wall yeah
that's good
this is why people are good at drawing
one side done
Oh someone's asking I'm assuming you're
not streaming on Christmas Eve
right oh no no Christmas Eve stream this
is a fancier stream than that
yeah we got three people here I can only
imagine we'll be doing something next
Sunday no I hate doughnuts I know you
were joking yeah I was just play along
um next Sunday isn't the January first
is it no next Sunday is the 28th we will
be streaming on the 28th but it'll be a
normal either it'll be it'll probably a
hack and a half either from your Ridge
and the other ones skyping in a normal
Sunday stream next week but we are
taking Wednesday off yeah as it is
Christmas Eve time to stay at home and
drink we do Christmas on Christmas Eve
what happens when you have multiple
families to visit it's true Christmas on
Christmas Eve and on Christmas Day I
have 4 different places I have to go to
throughout the course of the two days
it's a giant pain in the ass mm-hmm as
the holidays should be I've already had
three Christmases already Jesus Christ
that's crazy
9 9 oh my god you like the first major
one I've had in a long time yeah my
brother he's he's getting serious with
some girl and some little filly well
she's been out of seven year old
daughter okay so it's like just suddenly
I have a seven-year-old niece but it's
just like family yeah less than two
hours
she's like Jesus it doesn't take some
kids long doctor like get get attached
it's it's funny it's true by the way
you're right the next plank you review
crocodile brain as an insult has this
perfect ring to it it does yeah because
it is insulting but it's also silly yeah
so it's
like consummate you crocodile brain cuz
lion brain is supposed to be the same as
crocodile it is like lion brain and also
like crocodile brain is what he means
right yeah lion yeah but lion brain
doesn't sound as funny as crocodile
brain right yeah
but yeah I think in our in our universe
now lion brain is the good one if you're
okay right so you you've changed it up a
bit okay I mean if you're a crocodile
brain then you're not so smart I get it
I'm hip you're hip let's go that's great
okay that was rich so now we do Jake
okay Jake well do Jay and then we'll do
one more round and then we might call it
we'll see that's fine all right say we
pick really yeah what do you think Jack
it's it's up to you that we have no
sturdy rules here it is it's more fun
when you get someone else's that's true
so it was a very easy one yeah so if you
want to reap Inc I say okay it's gonna
be the first thing that yeah well I know
exactly what I do
yeah which is Jimmy with the Sante Han
coming out with the X yes if you knew
that was in there you put it in there
right I was talking about man and the
start of the street no I oh I was
talking about part two in the part of
for me there's someone else forget it
and maybe okay
have either of you seen salad uh we
watched it here didn't we I have never
seen you've never seen it we might have
we want it like now for a show right now
just yes we watched it here and it's I
mean it's amazing it's it's it's sleazy
and awful and it makes no sense it kind
of makes sense you know it's weird
it has you haven't seen Rob Zombie's
Halloween right no it is the exact same
structure where it's like told from the
perspective of the killer yes a little
kid you see why he's fucked up huh and
let me see him as an adult killing
people yeah so silent I did when I look
weird fucking movie yeah okay we're
starting good oxygen a started slow mode
here we go I say just trying to catch up
with us he's like oh wait we're not
gonna slow and yet tangent oh wait slow
mo okay
oh yes and for those asking via the
crocodile brain song we're gonna do
something with that
oh yeah the song that we played I think
we should do something with that
okay maybe make it make us something it
will be released got it oh my god
favorite customer Super Mario Brothers
Jesus Christ as a room reference
assuming it is huh favorite customers I
hope so yep watch that and watch that up
my brothers
there you go right out the back that's
all right it doesn't have to be the
movie that's a great Mario perfect
favorite customers Super Mario Brothers
yeah good yeah do you know that they're
twins game cannon not twins right game
cannon is they're twins but Mario
slightly older Mario popped on first but
they're twins well Bob Hoskins isn't and
Bob Bob Hoskins was playing Italian like
they went to the Italian restaurant yeah
but like gently was they have a shirt
that's yeah is John Leguizamo no offense
to his acting abilities yeah okay that's
true
great we got that winner's favorite
customer Super Mario Brothers great okay
all right
here we go what could possibly be
everyone or what won't like people will
see in their name okay here's what we'll
do for real we're gonna do one more
round of everyone okay and then one more
round of subscriber on me okay and then
that will be that'll be the night sounds
good
that's what that's officially what is
gonna happen okay okay name picking a
movie name Paper Mario the thousand-yard
stare
oh no no one I can talk and a groupie
because now I have a microphone close to
my mouth the name of the movie I got is
a good a visual name here we go here we
go
where is it where is it all right Wow
Wow it's the first one hi ready ready
and here we go dude that was too creepy
for NPR chat NPR's more like well three
plot yet yes everything's very proper
soothing
we don't offend anybody on NPR okay are
we offend easily on today's previously
recorded stream we are doing a movie
title pictionary
that singing is not appropriate for NPR
it's not jazz Oh someone's saying
they're seeing elves at Sena Family
tonight that's the theater in LA that's
pretty great is Dan Haggerty gonna be
there
is he a wide Dan Haggerty he probably is
right time for once yeah Cat on a Hot
Tin Roof way to go birthday boy that's a
yeah visually you can do that one who
wrote that one down was that unique okay
even with my poor drawing skills you can
get that one my turn my turn a hot tin
roof to amuse conspiracy theorists our
last three winners so like you know when
you just sign on everyone gets kind of a
random color you know everyone's color
name is
randomized for us right okay but the
last three winners have all been dark
blue oh yeah well what does that say I
don't know I think I'm going a little
bit crazy with this morning oh yeah yeah
yeah I thinks things are gonna go off
the rails yeah that's how I likes it
small cat eating we're gonna go small
cat eating a rancid Toblerone
yeah that's pretty not - oh I need to
get ready for this one you can choose
your own colors
oh also I should know this it's your
chance it's your stream I don't know
Oh oxygenated this Oh before you start
drawing rich yeah this doesn't this
should not be in subscriber only mode so
this is open to everyone not subscriber
only just want to make sure that that is
known because will do will do rich no
subscribe to jamie one and then the
three of us again okay so wait we need
to wait
how do you change your color oh you know
what I guess I always wondered what
those colleagues meant well you can
choose your own color but you don't have
to choose your own color right if you
don't choose your own color then it's
randomized are you done are you just
completely making itself yes you can all
right okay and draw things are gonna get
a little bit crazy with this one a
little bit crazy all right
okay let's go Thank You Ike okay
yeah well you can choose but I think you
don't know anything about your own
stream it's true I know some things
about management for one I could turn
your microphone all the way down now
really easily I could turn your
microphone down she find you which one
it was that's right you don't you guys
are gonna have you you know you know the
answer you're not gonna have any idea
what I'm doing
cuz I'm getting I'm getting crazy right
now oh my god no I don't know what
you're doing no we're gonna see who gets
it no matter what what come on you're
crazy
maybe he's fish mouth shit's getting
crazy
I have no I know you don't I know it is
this like an insight thing that some
people will get no what are you doing
you'll see baby all right a little
patience okay okay I'm playing the long
game that's we're not in a hurry so it's
okay people are mentioning movies in the
chat that I just want to watch now
though right killer clouds from outer
space the blob the Warriors these are
all great movies they have nothing to do
with what rich is doing but I want to
watch them shakes the clown directorial
debut of Bobcat Goldthwait
quick change the Marines directorial
debut also good movie than that no yeah
well if we're seeing them that's not
what it is
we're just saying them because we're you
have to do something well rich takes his
time doing something I have like let's
think Jay and I know the answer and we
have no idea what he's doing I have no
idea what's going on coach changed is a
beautiful good change is wonderful it's
a nice little movie I want to rewatch
that so you know it's just it cuz it's
not like normal Bill Murray it's like
very subtle comedies awesome great well
it was the start it was the very started
as sort of transitional period I suppose
yeah no yeah he does things but yeah
back in the day he was a goof ball one
one of you in the jet is just going to
randomly get this they're just gonna say
a movie title you know they know it has
nothing to do with it absolutely we're
watching by the way all your guys's
we're still watching on hasn't I you
know didn't close up gotta close it up
this is gonna be one key thing that I
haven't done yet okay one key thing oh
god what the fuck were open on the
bottom there where can I have it I think
rich might be trolling us the kids they
say trollee not sure he's trolling us
yeah bars that open up
stupid stupid lousy thing that's the
name of the movie stupid lousy thing
yeah that should be a name of a movie
that should be closed why did it spill
everywhere that doesn't make any sense
guys okay right right so far you're with
me okay nobody else with you no I'm not
even close to being with you here here's
where here's where if this either works
or doesn't wait this could not work no
no what it's a line in them I know what
it is I have no idea how really serious
oh yeah yeah nobody see if they respond
to our reaction if that helps them in
any way I don't know if it will but they
understand what you're doing now they
just need to figure out what movie it's
from Hey Oh
zap or zip I words got it
Goodfellas powers what a job what am i
clumb yeah what am I to you to come yeah
that abstract zap powers excellent good
good jobs their powers
Goodfellas jesus H Christ I don't know
if that was a shot in the dark or if you
really figured it out from that that was
people who haven't seen Goodfellas and
aren't familiar with it or even gonna be
even more convinced just know it is like
that mob a movie you know people know
the reference probably more than the
movie probably that's true and the end
by the way there's just a great drawing
in diplomacy that's a good clown yeah
how am i up this last round and this sub
only where is this the last this is the
last everyone okay so this is for
everyone again everyone gets to guess
for this time and then it'll be and then
I'll go rich I'll go in jail go again
okay well this is last everyone and then
there'll be one more round for someone
exactly okay can't keep track of these
things this is an everyone guess it's
kind of a step ladder perfect that's
great
okay never seen this movie but okay all
right here we go all right and we're off
a stepladder
prtscn saves a lot of people absolutely
alright alright
oh I remember what it was now I forget
the name but I remember it
it's not super troopers and people are
guessing that no yes oh we got our nets
sinnerman did you Smokey and the bendito
yes signer man or cinnamon skit Smokey
and the Bandit oh my god it's the Burt
Reynolds - but he didn't have that hat I
don't know what it looked like
I'm thinking the bandits that might be
Smokies looks like smoke is ahead
well I'm combining both into one so
people can guess it oh boy that looks
like Boss Hoss is at like their boss hog
hog yeah Ellen no not that powers
cinnamon cinnamon there you go that's
all I'm a Bert y'all see him a Bert
okay Smokey and the Bandit II know I
thought you were like glasses in a hat
you're like mashing that you're mashing
like eight characters together but I
guess if it works anyway I watched the
in high school my dad like Smokey and
the Bandit so he had it on VHS
I tried watching it one day I put it on
and it was the opening credits and it
was some really 20 country song uh-huh
and I was like I'm done and I shut it
off you've never seen okay Thunder but
boo rich boo Jack yay J for what they
like you're they like your pictionary
better than our
okay your drawings they were there I
think they're angry with me over the no
clown I can understand
hey that was some clever shit sometimes
you gotta go to extremes to make your to
make your artwork work okay so now we
are going into sub only mode this will
be our last last round of sub only last
round of several ways I'm gonna go then
which is gonna go then Jay's gonna go
sub-only oh yeah oh okay I know what I
would do meets the snitch no I've never
even heard of Twin Peaks what is this
what is Twin Peaks is a game movie
what is Twin Peaks a board game is it
some sort of iPhone app is it a stylish
haircut I guess I shouldn't assume that
they've listened to other cats but no I
love to a peak so I'm obsessed with
third peaks where nuggets are about to
impeach because we're doing pictionary
talk about scribbles what did you eat
that's right okay I made my eyes let's
not eat I had Berta asterisk okay okay
okay I need your what I have here Lucy
what's up are you okay Enderman f
remember I remember this one
okay I got this
are you guys ready mmm aye but are you
ready cuz here we go
I'm already laughing now
he's nice
now when campus in ski is not a movie I
left leftover beefcake he himself was
not a movie someday there'll be little
movie called whiskey ok oh I am Keith
David sir Hilary man fat thank you for
subscribing oh oh I am Keith David got
the answer it's team of a nice username
by the way I am Keith David it is team
with David is in um he's in the thing
he's the ass-to-ass guy and record for a
dream he's Cameron Diaz his stepfather
at the beginning of something about Mary
he's a great care apparently he's on the
new season of community to that's the
first one ok Tina to is the exact same
movie but boxing the exact same because
boxing so let's see he goes to college
is it a different man character it's
it's Michael J Fox his character's
cousin he just also happens to have the
same affliction it's the exact same
movie that was the first movie I
remember seeing them in the theater and
that was the first movie where I was
like wait a minute this is a ripoff it
probably it registered to me that they
were just recycling the same movie that
was the first time I ever had that
experience of really understanding okay
and that was a big deal right here yeah
well Congrats I am Keith David oh yeah
that's right
did you mark it lots of underscores so
do you need a hand
well I'll find him okay I'll find you
Keith oh fuck what happened weird whoa
excellent okay rich me oh my god that is
so rich missus this is still sub only
okay sub only mode rich gets the BIC oh
yeah Keith David is also when they live
you can't go without mentioning that cuz
they live is great oh yeah oh Jesus yeah
too easy
oh is it easy yes I I would not know how
to do that I say I'm gonna go the
opposite of the Goodfellas route I'm
gonna try and do this one quick oh okay
okay I got I mean I guess if you want
are we we are just about ready to go go
for it well usually I have two days like
five seconds
okay I'll start when I see the octal je
okay warning I must he's already had
Marie and sub only boats I guess doesn't
matter I'm just gonna start drunk okay
just air-ground
just go just go
okay okay okay here we go we're gonna
we're doing it oh okay just a slow Mon
that's great yeah and here we go
oh you are going for the simple route
that that almost should be but there's a
hard part there's an important part to
the don't stop talking don't give it
away it's a rich sure but don't don't
clue people in it what's happening here
right so far nobody has got it they
close well of course yeah no cyber cats
Crocodile Dundee part two we're just
gonna draw oh yeah okay Crocodile Dundee
part two yes that's the important part
people because a lot of people guessed
Crocodile Dundee obviously yeah but it's
part two cyber cat wins it Crocodile
Dundee art to the crocodiles revenge not
yes I don't think I've seen any of those
movies no one more I did that one doing
another one oh yeah okay Ritchie's gonna
do another one is this the others are
another oh okay this right here rich is
doing I'm assuming I'm double dipping
okay that's fine Ritchie's doing a bonus
and it's trying to keep track of where
we're at sure well no I mean obviously
we could keep going and I just not have
anyone oh sure but okay so we need to be
in sub-only mode
oh well or is this a bonus right your
call Cemil near every 100 entirely so
octo Jay make it everyone
dr. J make it everyone make itself
you're right
a Michele rich doesn't follow their
stupid rules
just catching up now no cry the room is
in slow mode now which is great and then
oh you're still thanking oh I remember
okay
Scarborough lamode bonus round dr. J
should be getting paid for this you're
right but we don't have any money so
anytime you're ready yeah yeah I'm your
age dr. J is paid in our utmost
appreciation G is the answer Japanese
sword okay
oh my god
you can do oh oh okay this is an odd
approach but uh someone got it all right
oh my god lucky strike lucky strikes Big
Trouble in Little China already all
right how did you get that large mean I
get big but okay that's amazing do an
arrow little all right there you go
Congrats congrats you lations okay so
here's J this is going to be our final
guests now that sub only mode get the
half all right we already did yeah well
cuz we ate we already had oh that's
perfect that's perfect
okay I'm just gonna start drawing okay
do it do it this is a good one not
really it's a good on cuz it makes you
think I can I don't know what to do and
strength with it though that's the
problem that's the real yeah I know
exactly what I would do
yeah yeah I can't say it because you
guys guesses are very funny yes Oh fifty
naked guns the Elephant Man sorry to
draw hands and fingers
desperately seeking Susan is not the
correct answer but just thinking about
that movie is very funny it's not great
so the one with young Madonna that is
the one young Madonna
we're gonna use this Madonna singer
while she's still a fad for everyone's
forgotten about it
that's a good guess a lot of children of
the corn they guessed children of the
corn that is not it but that was a good
guess where they are they don't see all
they just see them thing okay everything
is fine I thought it would look like yes
from what I'm seeing in the industry
okay throwing everybody off Jackie
throwing everybody off the game now it's
like hello Draco Oh miss Greco
it is mr. mom mr. mom there he is with
an apron and desiring it's fine he's
going what am i doing just fine job
thank you I just watched mr. wrong for
the first time this year yeah I watched
it in preparation for seeing Birdman
because I thought maybe it would be
relevant towards our discussion for half
of the bank sure it didn't Anna beam but
what I discovered it was like that movie
has so little going on it is literally
just I'm at home with the kids
yeah and that's the whole movie uh-huh
that's the whole premise yeah yeah I was
surprised at how flimsy the Python there
had to be something more to any whoa
he's a man and he's doing a mom she was
like it was so yeah so yeah Krieger
seven eight three sexism literally take
care of the children what kind of man
would do this that's wrong the woman
should be here instead that's fast mr.
mom that was great so I have all the
winners I'm gonna be that guy fearful
sludge boy dunder but it's be space Kim
Oh mr. Foreman le emmechelle 87 avenged
seven
they fold s Joe b89 frosty snooze Davian
gone Phase II it's au n-- dime crazy
Walt Eisen beard grad gradum oh one diet
dr. awesome
JP versus the world caught one day via
again number coolers what gum Burt pills
how do you how do we say that number
cules gum gum Burke Uli's Wow yeah gum
Burke Uli's kaze eighty-seven favorite
customer dick the birthday boys a powers
sign ermine I am Keith David cyber cat
Lucky Strikes and hello Draco we're all
getting something or other you are all
getting us something or other it
probably won't III will start sending
out messages tomorrow so check your
twitch tomorrow and you should get a
little email when someone sends you a
message but I will start sending out
messages tomorrow to get your real
emails to send you games all sorts of
games I don't know they're gonna be say
what people are literally much like this
I'm going to put all the games and a hat
and it's just gonna be okay it's your
turn to get a game I'm gonna pick the
game out of a hat then you get that game
wait what thing what people are saying
someone got it before yeah where were
you announced well before hello Draco
yeah they're saying
animist primal gut first oh my god I'm
sure we've got enough games that would
give something to I mean
well I mean we we do probably but we
gotta give it to the winner if this if
this is the consensus it is no you know
my chat is gone now like yeah it's gone
too far so I'm going to trust octo Jay
okay okay you think you want a prize and
then 20 minutes later 20 minutes later
the you find out that fraud was
committed by the Brady judge and then
the committee's gotta get involved and
they're idiots so they don't strip the
gold medal and before you know it you're
getting some kind of retarded
constellation practice 10,000 K will
give one it's fine it's fine
okay okay marry chrimbus you all get
games and buy you all I mean all the
people I met I mentioned and a mr.
primal where are you way to do okay I'm
down
I am absolutely down a mr. primal I'm
adding you to the winner's list you are
now added to the winner's list sorry
about the frustration there was we
apologize for all of our wrongdoing
we're big dumb idiots yes I'm going to
gift a Miss primal alien I have so
efficient
that's your cancellation yes your prize
that's your prize take it great great
all right well in any case thank you all
for coming out to our Christmas
gift-giving spooktacular yeah because
it's all things rolled into one
we had a great time Merry Christmas
everybody and you know what
thank you for your subscriptions and
your support and your views we really do
appreciate it it's almost Christmas it's
the time for heartfelt so one time a
year you can do it without seeming like
a putz can't we be punches anyway happy
Chanukah merry holidays
okay that one guy who does Kwanzaa yeah
you enjoy that mm-hmm oh what a great
Saturnalia and I'm sorry animist primal
I do always say a missed animist primal
I apologize I don't double apologize I
missed you and I then I mispronounced
your name a jack is terrible yes let's
just all agree on that
yeah by the way there should be multiple
videos coming up on the red letter media
site before the end of the year they're
coming we haven't been doing nothing
it's just that last bustled the worst
kind of got delayed we had to ship the
tape the land and they are trying to get
back there lots of things coming in a
very short amount of time there I say
you will enjoy the next best of the
worst I hope so I really hope so last
week yeah I fan it's not done yet I
think they're gonna like it okay I shut
up all right well you don't we have like
three things left in the Hat
