Oct 15, 2014
FTL, Teleglitch
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45261319
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45261142
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45261117
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45260926
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45260118
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORIOQ1QUwP4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_6tS5qf4UM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UFBU7GXCag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-3G5Xc7NSw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mxSR-PDN44
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/522463539672653825
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/522539483795705856

[Part I]
when Jack plays Smash Mouth what happens
huh everything was running hunky-dory
um before Smash Mouth all said you said
hunky-dory
what's wrong with hunky-dory I must say
that grandma say that I was raised by
grandma that's true you know what that's
true I was raised by grandma I say
hunky-dory hunky-dory down hunky-dory
down did FTL ago oh my god oh yeah I
mean I broke whatever saying hey Jack
here's the tip just hook it up the same
way you have the last hundred times you
jump it's here's the thing it is I know
oh this is gonna work this is gonna work
I know you know what here's the thing
right this is what happens when we start
do you mean when we started super on
time really really who's too quiet I
guess yeah did you tell did somebody
don't stop playing a commercial no
doesn't it I don't know I guess it's
just playing another commercial you have
two acts out of that commercial because
I was gonna say excellent producer move
no I just it's just like it's just kind
of stuck on there yeah I'm saying are
they sitting up deal they're seeing
oh they're seeing FTL yes I am going to
start and there needs to be more master
volume more master volume that's not a
real
it needs to be louder it needs to be
louder
um I guess I could see that I don't know
what to do I don't know what to do
no is your mic all the way up well I'm
gonna start playing this game I don't
know how to shout no Jesse connect show
that's a vocal cord problem okay III
like to play FTL I was gonna do like a
stealth ship run or something but Jack
only has three ships unlocked so I'm
just gonna go with the Federation
cruiser again I was going to do
something different but no don't watch
it not unlocked yet maybe Bonnie will
unlock some different ships and we need
a ship name of course it's this one I
just hit the refresh button
okay our ship is the Smash Mouth yeah so
body once told me all right wait sir we
need to start naming people give me some
subscriber names some pizza rolls
I see waffle tale one word or two words
one or two words you know you know what
what waffle tell one or two word one
word one word thank you so what we
wanted to play a game that's true we
wanted to play a game we really enjoyed
an FTL is the game we've really enjoyed
all right Jimmy enjoy boring okay don't
fuck yourself all right
you can ask all the questions that I
asked the other day
oh we got four people on the ship on the
sea Dan 85 you and see Dan 85 UNC yes
UNC Dan 85 all right one more and then
one more after that what do we have what
do we got who do we got hello Draco
hello Draco drink over the sea or a K or
with the sea listen all right
hello everybody
and last one oh my god Oh Lucas farts is
here we gotta give them you gotta give
him a spot and Lucas first this is our
clue all right
normal flight through MIT Federation
Cruiser was gonna do the sell ship but I
can't know you guys know the story so
I'm not gonna reread that shit and we're
off on our first adventure yeah
Adventure first thing I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna make our rock man or engineer
so what I usually do I tend to like the
rock guy is the engineer yeah yeah so
you can put out the fires yeah yeah
Jackson drunk I've only had one beer
jack is always drunk as I guess what I
was trying to say yeah bored did we want
to board the station and look for
survivors do we want to risk losing
somebody this is right off the bat this
is a rich Evans run this is okay me only
we're gonna take chance I got mine
scrapped and I'm usually script yeah we
lost we lost somebody already waffle to
help your crew my words just you leave
them Oh No waffle tell did he fall in
love you didn't even make one jump he
didn't even make one jump oh this is
this is the worst-case scenario
this is what
how does waffle tail feel about already
being out of this game how does that
feel
we're very sorry waffle tail we're very
sorry that we've killed you already
yeah whose fault is it whose fault is
that that's a good question
let's let's start placing blame I'm
gonna say it's waffle fail fall by
because he was the music you know we're
probably going to replace them they have
a slaver ship oh yeah actually you know
this fight is done what were you gonna
say
oh I was gonna see if we can get a
little more FTL oh no we can't we can't
oh no not that one
oh wait wait okay okay all right
actually you know if I could posit
fucking posit power Oh tab come over
here and just scoot that no not that I'm
like there yeah okay bang now we should
be able to hear you nice to be able to
hear FTL a little bit more FTL volume is
fine you guys were telling me you doing
fuck everything tell me the spec tricked
me the screen tricked me I thought I
accidentally hit the calculator oh my
god
everybody else has now left the room who
we get out we got a mantis okay we got a
mantis oh good
all right crew our Mantis needs a new
name
oh we're not I'm sorry waffle till
you're dead
oh yeah it was a tragic way to go out
but we're not replacing you
I see ho asshole how's H Oh
H oh Sh oh okay Oh three words oh sorry
it's what I meant to say I see ho ass ho
ho that's all there showed up that's
perfect there no we're naming the crew
you can name your crew and we're naming
them we're naming them after people in
the chat all right more slavers oh my
god it's fish bus did you send me the
Jimmy James poster cuz I love it if I
can love it I'm gonna frame it I'm gonna
put it in my office and look at the jams
that we Jimmy I always get excited when
we run into slavers yeah terrible that
sounds like that sounds like a terrible
thing but true our oxygens out but I
think I look more than I need oxygen at
the second okay yeah actually because
it's not a multiplayer game why not
because how would you do that no wow
this game this game doesn't work that
way that's them how's this what do you
mean it's fun for me how is the game fun
for anyone yeah yeah I could see that it
would be it would be utter chaos if
everyone got to control their own care
yeah no it'd be so fun
no one wouldn't right yeah all right
come here crew name oh you know who you
should have my username omni om and i
know how to spell on me okay great I
just want to make sure I'm Nia our
lovely our helper an admin over at the
prereqs team group who I saw is here is
your headphone time no no I'm not
actually
they got this my headphones that you
have to turn on I see I see octo jlv oh
I'm surprised he didn't name oxygen
captains um well if I did he'd be dead
you see our very first specialty thing
syste stuck to souls is the first jump
we only have 19 scrap ordinarily I
probably if it were me just playing my
own I'd have restarted by now we have
good car we have two menses and that's
always nice I hope everybody everybody
heard our brand new our brand new
subscribe we now show subscribers in the
sprue another pair every time someone
subscribes it shows a little picture and
we all get to hear rich saying what the
fuck
oh yeah that that's working that's all
enabled now and we have subscribers who
is this Sean did be fitted Sean wjf
thank you for subscribing we super
appreciated
but I made a special note to thank Nick
QQ QQ 1 he sent me a twitch message
telling me about night dev the website
and the code that lets us oh my god
another one Frisco Jones headphones we
can hook it up to that computer we've
got we've got problems we've got
problems oh no do we already yeah dying
why am i weapons got completely fucking
disabled never that's like the worst
thing that can happen did we spend all
of our subscriber money to get dominated
but I've been looking into ways together
so Jessie can hear it now yeah alright
went up any moment now oh my god because
you muted it damn it oh god damn it yeah
god damn it good this one is not going
well oh my god they keep hitting my
fucking weapons I should retreat but
screw that okay hold on we have tons of
thank yous umm Valdo julia stranger
quark stars so dose Oh Ambrose Ambrose a
zero vandal Jeffress ramish qua ramesh
qua Walt
HEIs a beard that was fucking awful I'm
so sorry rich fucking awful thank you
all are subscribing
oh and skunk truck thank you for
subscribing
we super appreciate it Jessie should be
hearing the what the fuck any moment
Emma
all right I heard one is that great yeah
because I've been looking at how to get
that little pop-up going for a while now
oh my god MP Geist there's more coming
oh my lord
we're coming mr. awesome 34 mpg eyes
thank you so much for subscribing we
super appreciate it
in any case someone sent me this the
link to get this night dev thing working
and it works out far easier than any
other method I've tried and so I
appreciate Nick cuckoo-cuckoo one spike
was there as Oh spike of course um of
course I don't think there are spikes in
this game rich other spike since no
there are no there are no spikes in this
game Phoenix but thank you for asking
this game is just big I'm sorry
Oh spike one three eight - did I miss
you I'm so sorry thank you for
subscribing I super appreciate it you
got that what the fuck and that count to
something o conquerer beard thank you
for subscribing we super appreciate it
yeah I am this is this is I never lived
on a farm you're thinking about Jack
this is the worst run I've had in months
I've never I love those bad this early I
won't let you know orig that or I want
to let the chat know that before I
tweeted out her before I changed the
name of the streets of which it rich is
gonna win at FTL he said that that was
an okay thing to do because of course he
was gonna head oh my god we have no
Mughals whoa they hit my fuckin I
thought weapons again thank you for
subscribing and sky dandy that's a weird
name but Thank You sky dandy for
subscribing we super appreciate it I
wish I could quit I I wish I could quit
yeah you want to start over is this
what's happen we have people named after
me I can't do this no you can't do that
you're gonna have to kill them all yeah
this is terrible
this is fucking awful I'm very sorry I'm
very very sorry bad my good mood is just
evaporated completely evaporated this is
what misses gone so badly sure I've been
hit every time I could possibly get hit
it's always been my fucking weapons I
fear so I take more hits because I can't
shoot back and people keep dying maybe
the problem is that you're in a ship
that looks like it dick that's what I
said
bless him rich was plain it doesn't I
came into the nap parlor and I was just
like what are you doing it looks like a
penis so what kind of games you playing
you're right dick game oh my god so 6969
fart barter for 20 thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
that's a weird name putting that out
there but you get the official what the
fuck as I was testing it out you can put
in a special code when you when you're
doing your code to make sure it's
working right now but just listen to
rich saying what the fuck over that is a
special what the fuck also recorded
especially for twitch we did not recycle
an old what the fuck
this is important this is very important
this first thing that's gone right is
from Phoenix we've already discussed
that the flat cannon does not launch
spikes there are no spikes in this game
so every stream he asks us if there's
spikes in the game it's just it's TG
Phoenix six I'm gonna call it his
running gag and sometimes I do find it
amusing so but he heard you explain
yourself
you see many games have spikes in them
why because that's like that's like a
generic thing is that just what you do
it's like a video game thing yeah it's
like what you do yeah okay oh my god
Mario Mario brings up a really good
point we need a couple more copies of
nuki yeah just maybe two or three and
then we'll have enough I think why why
do you keep doing this thing because we
don't quite have enough new keys you
don't quite have enough new keys but
we're getting there we're getting how
many new keys do you need like like what
you said two or three more and I think
we'll be good yeah yeah absolutely if
you find a VHS copy of new key in your
basement send it our way
part barter how do you barter parts no
no no had a fart barter er no fart
barter I'll give you one fart for a
candy bar yeah but that's a horrible
deal maybe unless you like art yes what
what perhaps in the future
methane is is a sought-after mineral
yeah
fart times methane in them right yes I
saw I've seen Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
yeah sorry that's how they run
Bartertown
barter town is run by farts yeah and
then they leave barter town on that
movie completely drops in quality it's
fine the second half of that movies yes
it's fine and great up until he leaves
barter town wait does this really happen
amendments technically not farts it's
actually pig shit oh yeah but what's he
leave Larry hooks up with all those
little kids and it's just boring Mad Max
chase sequence I wonder no edge to it
fuck I like that this person's name has
sparked an entire conversation yeah I'm
not saying it's better than the road
warrior I'm not saying I'm not saying
that I think the look of it is better
like the design of the costumes and the
sets and stuff I really like that
commander Dane thank you for subscribing
we're super appreciative
I'm done I don't know I ruined it I
ruined I've done anyway okay great
fart barber oh no I misread that I'm
sorry I just I guess I my brain one in
this art bar barbar someone who cuts
hair with farts yeah you know or someone
that cuts farts so my brain wanted to
see you know what come to your own
conclusions you know what they could be
right next door to each other
yeah you know I know what I did wrong
now I know why this right has gone so
wrong
oh no I I named the ship the smashmouth
yeah that's that that's that's what went
wrong oh yeah yeah
now I need notice I gotta fire my
fucking shield well this is just sure
you got that is this fucking terrific
one click
I got it thank God you can do that yeah
oh yeah there were things fine
smashmouth does not ruin everything they
make everything better world is gonna
roll me there there any covers the song
that are like that like you know richard
cheese if you're a listener richard
cheese I've never looked just like you
oh he's great I'm sure a cover of that
something exists like that I recently
found we were talking about so the whole
smashmouth thing came along because i
was telling this mashmallow story about
how we would each go one person at a
time and at one point we had written
down the entire first verse on
individual index cards okay and I found
them just recently the entire first
verses smashmouth written word for word
on the individual index card was you're
sorry I wasn't listening
I mean it I'm really sorry did you find
any cards gonna do it Slade you find
what where was it we during and during a
shoot at one point we were we had a lot
of time ago because we were driving
everywhere and so we started to play a
game in which we tried to sing Smash
Mouth one word at time oh that's hard it
is and what we tried to do it in in
meter you know and so as part of the
preparation for that we wrote down the
words to all-star
word for word individually on index
cards and I recently found them as I was
cleaning out my office okay so did you
write them all down or did you do one
word at a time like pass the round or
did you all do it secretly and then put
it all together no no we all did it as a
group you know we figured out the words
and and so then we could carry each of
us could have our cards and get ready
for the next word Oh years ago but you
just found the cards recently I have a
generally I'm not a messy person I'm a
disorganized person I'll just lie in my
office I just like to kind of pile
everything out I was sure so cleaning my
office takes a lot it takes a lot for me
to clean my office and I recently had an
excuse to do so sorry it might have been
because I was really bored with
something and looking to procrastinate
yeah and so I cleaned my office instead
your report was something yeah it's
weird
were you bored with Jack no something so
something just something too so it it's
always it's always the Oso has why I
would put so much effort into that into
because that's what happens sometimes
you know what I need great but that
story was so great can we hear it a
third you combine Jessi for that sorry
listen butter I'll try my best
no just sing the song No why would you
make cards and everything because that
was it was the gag you that's what
happens sometimes when when the bit runs
out of control
and I was with a group of people and we
committed to the bit how many people
were involved in the five of us that's
far too many yeah five of us involved
well you know this is what oh my god I
am getting no luck with the loose crew
events oh my lord
Lucas fuck yeah yes I'm so sorry Lucas
farts this is terrible
this is terrible I've never folks I have
never done this bad that's not true I
just saw him play the other day did
worse yes what the fuck just fuck oh
okay I'll be TF mr. kurtz
1979 thank you for subscribing you super
appreciate it see they're getting out of
the jokes it looks like we lost some
body gosh don't encourage people it
makes me happy it makes me happy when I
can be done so you're happy a lot
if this run ends early I'm starting
again yeah I'm totally sorry okay you
can't you know what you can't it's it's
pretty early in the day in the stream J
important question Jay would you ever
fire Jack yes
yeah I have multiple times it's true but
you'd have to hire him first he just
shows up he just shows up we don't even
invite him anymore you just fired him
but once that's true yeah it was after
after I played Frank hammer in the
grubaugh skis oh the very first time we
used it the very first time that Jamie
and Mike used me and anything yeah it
took me aside and said we never want to
work and I said I understand completely
they said you're not giving you any
money for this and you you're fired from
working with us and I said okay but I
just kept showing up I think my exact
words were I never want to see your face
again
yeah yeah something along those lines
yeah yeah I can go and count how many
new keys we have if you guys went out
we'll hold on just hold on for a second
mm-hmm if you guys just want to wait
just wait everybody oh oh
Jessie's doozy a part more she really is
Jessie is really going to company she's
she's in full-on producer role
I'm gonna say approximate as far as how
many new keys we have should
approximately almost enough that's what
we've got approximately approximately
almost enough to three maybe four more
sure okay okay I'm back okay if everyone
wants to guess and whoever gets the
closest can be richest best friend okay
I'm only going to look at numbers don't
type anything else cuz I won't read it
to be honest with you it'll take a
minute for the chat to catch absolutely
lots of numbers that's not okay okay is
anyone getting it okay goddamn it's when
we do that all right somebody already
won whoever set 31 is the winner that is
right on the money and you get to be
Rich's new best friend I'm gonna look up
we're looking back to see who wrote 31
I'm that person
is the winner it's already 31 surely
derp wins yeah that person is the winner
derp whence was the first to write 31
you win 31 new key tapes that's three or
four less than what we need yeah we need
a boast a few more well if we had an
even 100 I mean you know what the real
question is how many VHS is fit on the
Shelf to fill one entire shelf million
of new key tapes
I mean there's a probably about 50 okay
so we need about 19 more new features
I'm just gonna die
I'm Jenna the new keep going to die yes
Oh send more new key medics just
subscribed thank you send more tanuki
bed
will you super appreciate that and what
a killer name I'm just gonna die we're
starting again the valiant crew of the
Smash Mouth the stream this is Richard
Rich's no death run and you're gonna eat
it
I'm so sorry everybody
just watch it burn watch it burn
somebody once told me that the world was
gonna roll be I'm gonna fix the door
controls so I can put my rock band in
the airlock and open the doors that's
that's my current plan right now yeah
yeah somebody said that I should name
the next ship yes absolutely Jesse gets
the name in action the first thing that
popped into my mind was cupcakes and
daffodils but we don't have to name a
sec that's too girly you know it
balances out the fact that the ship is
shaped like a dick oh yeah that's true
good riddance aw
good riddance you got three ships what
Jesse did you know that if you mix candy
corn with peanuts it tastes just like a
payday bar um I did I just read that
somewhere
I know I've eaten 12 pieces of this
candy corn
right Oh Jessie give me some names
Oh give you some names
we just wanted to subscriber only mom
okay so I thought Jay needs to be our
captain this time oh good because he
left out our wonderful moderator last
time someone did say that we should name
it thunderpants how about a totally not
Bruce Wayne
oh no I'm naming bringing people know
that you know you get to name the ship
Jesse oh and you know what a mist how
about just plain life you can amidst
primal is it is a subscriber mm I are my
and there animist a and
eye primer animist prime all right
oh look at all these heats our rolls
oh god oh did we go to subscriber only
mode that's probably a good idea that's
probably a good idea
Thank You Ike Oh Jay this is why you're
in charge of the show this is madness
this is sparta okay what is he in the
shit oh shit we know we know we okay
what's what should we call the shit
heroin rich it was active Jay and it was
primal and Bruce was not Bruce Wayne
okay right yeah go fuck yourself I don't
know I only want to name it anymore
Jesse you get to name it now he's
starting over just for you yeah oh okay
well since I thought I misread something
and called fart Berber yeah I like that
so the USS fart barber one word
what was it just you burped barber the
USS fart
SS barber
yeah why not let's order to work you
know what I like it as one word I think
it looks nice and USS firt barber yeah
thank you do you know what I mean that
looks nice okay dr. Jane
oh no fart barter said that this is
appropriation of his culture I think
that's funny and was it yes okay okay we
got a crew back okay we have the USS
part barber we're playing on normal
I'm not playing is the penis ship this
time no I was right okay
I didn't want it to be a fart name I
actually wanted it to be cupcakes and
daffodils but but that's okay that
doesn't fit so fart barber doesn't waste
a jump
Krieger Krieger seven eight three thank
you for subscribing we totally
appreciate it
now we can't sew all right well nothing
bad is 7 but nothing good has happened
either
we're wasting fuel that's bad bad things
are happening I think there's you know
at least when you're fighting you're
there's some drama there's some tension
but when you just go to a jump and
there's nothing there that's really all
yeah that's just like good decent my
fuel longer okay oh good good new key
question there is no good new key will
our LM accepted bootleg copies of new
key what do you mean we you know like
like because I know in Korea
you could buy only come street corners
bootleg copies a big Hollywood
blockbusters so if you mean something
like that where it's got a made-up cover
and everything I guess
no I think you just mean like like you
you've recorded a copy I'm from one me
tear into another then no that's not so
it's okay if you did not create it
yourself yes okay it was something that
was sold somewhere then it's okay
yeah what about DVDs in general does
this movie exist on TV not officially no
there's no official release there talk
about like a bootleg version that was
made for DVD then and I guess we'd take
it okay
this is a really good question who would
evil evil people oh hey dr. jerk thank
you for subscribing we totally
appreciate it dr. Cerf dr. jerk just in
time
derp derp just in time oh my god J ERF
it's one word though oh for fuck's sake
oh not doctor again yeah you got it yeah
my friend Kyle lives in South Korea yeah
and when he comes to visit overing the
the Korean bootleg DVDs that he's bought
crazy covers or random movies and the
text on the back will be completely
unrelated to the movie that's great yeah
this is going much nicer this is going
much nicer I'm very happy I'm happy that
your a/v range
trying to save those misses yeah yeah
yeah that's worth that's when someone is
asking when Mike is going to play a
heavy rain
never what does heavy rain it's a fancy
video game it's not a fancy video kids
it's a fancy storytelling experiment
that people call a video game I if Mike
ever plays video games I will make sure
that that is not one of them
this heavy rain at least succeed as a
fancy storytelling experience you know
unlike some games we might have played
what games you therma this games just
gonna stop working what happened oh
there it goes did you charge it it's
charged sometimes we don't charge it it
doesn't work that's true oh that's kinda
question when is Jay going to put every
ring I never next week that's tomorrow
eventually we're doing a special street
tomorrow where I'm gonna play it yeah
absolutely
it'll happen tomorrow Sean wjf says Jack
where is that gif of your head rotating
it's a lot of places it's on my Twitter
maybe they mean where did it come from
oh I made it
somebody said this a little while ago
but it stuck with me
okay um they said he's not even a real
doctor and then every
dr. chan oh the cartoon yeah that's
right yeah dr. Tran dr. dragon bran okay
sorry dr. Tran oh my god party fart
barter I apologize for dodging this very
important question which is does the
spaceship have a roof if there's no up
if there's no up in space is there a
roof well the ship you have artisans if
you have artificial gravity yes and a
roof is relative to your position and so
you know yeah the answer is this ship
has a roof because there's artificial
gravity that is a very important
question though and I thank you for
asking it
about roofs sorry I'm still in my green
then do you want us to talk about games
like FTL we're playing FTL what do you
want us to say about it this game is
great it's a super fun time this ship
doesn't look quite as much like a dick
well I'm sorry no that's a good thing
I'm sorry
you need some variety you got something
against dicks they don't I just think
it's odd but the ship looks so much like
one it's like like it's some sort of
joke that the programmers are trying to
get passed on people that could be Jay
doesn't like dicks that could be but you
know I'm dick neutral whatever I weren't
a dick neutral
that sounds like my fiance likes them
and that's enough for me
Wow excellent joke
make it neutral sounds like an asexual
man yeah can I make my name's dick my
name is Richard neutral yeah I don't
much care for being touched by anyone
this is my oh it should be it can I can
I make it up and down detective dick
dick okay we're doing it you cannot
that's right that's why I just said it
is a detectives name the first one was
exciting take nutri is my hard-boiled
cyberpunk detective maybe that that
would be the worst detective in a so
what do you saying mister you don't like
men are ladies his cyberpunk is a term
used for anything anymore is that like a
90s thing I'm sure the term is still
used the question is is the genre still
used okay and no I guess they just they
just made a cyberpunk game this year
remember me this were last year what
makes this a game of cyberpunk I don't
know I've heard it described that way
though okay it's just that that style
which I was just thinking of like
nineties movies yeah like Johnny
mnemonic free check for oh free Jack was
Mick Jagger and Emilio Estevez yeah oh
wait did I see and who was sober
who's that who's the woman who's the
girl who's the wife can't remember her
name
let's see here
what I'm trying to think of like a
recent cyberpunk example name name okay
synth bird is the first name that pops
up after you said man two words one one
word synth bird okay cyberpunk is dick
neutral it was their comment so it wins
apparently shadow wrong is a cyberpunk
game somebody sent me that cyber shadow
rubber terms and I'm going to try it
okay it looks neat thank you for sending
me up it looks neat
what do you like Jack Zoltan control
there uncharted Nipigon listen last time
you went into the nebula you died yeah
but everything was fucked yeah all right
we goes over okay I hate I hate dealing
with fucking super shoes real quick um
Jack read the Derwent person Oh Terrance
says can I trade my prize of rich being
my best friend for Jack being my best
friend instead I don't want to be best
friends with somebody this terrible at
FTL whoa whoa whoa what let's take
taking out that first run look at me
here yeah no you look at me I'm doing
great it's very funny and and rich is
significantly better at FTL than I am I
wanted everyone to know that rich
stopped and made Jack we'll give him
mister you know we got weird but a spike
is saying that illicium was cyberpunk I
think Elysium is not cyberpunk that was
future dystopian what is cyberpunk like
I don't know what it means
it's like steampunk with future yeah no
see it's a it's a it's future devices
with a classic style
so you know something like oh the movie
we always talk about that Jay doesn't
care for Blade Runner would be like
cyberpunk okay because it has like
future things but they all use like
typewriter people huge doesn't usually
have to do like technology and like
specific like brains and memory and
technology like like Johnny mnemonic
that like a robot brain I know that game
they call cyberpunk it's slump
changing people's memories sure free
Jack was about putting somebody's brain
in another by Sense technology related
to I I don't believe right in every
example I've seen of cyberpunk is had
that okay
you know III think it's just a future
thing with it with a classic style and
so I don't know about classic style at
all I think that's completely wrong well
you know cuz like this steampunk is like
future technology ideas but all yeah but
doesn't mean that's what that doesn't
mean that's why cyberpunk is I don't
also I don't know I don't know about
prepare for Google actually there was
also removing a horror right in in the
90s called splatter punk what so and
that's not related to any sort of
computer technology I don't even know
why it was called spider punk actually
but yeah there's this area a group of
writers that what they wrote was would
be classified as fire bunker here here's
the Wikipedia for cyberpunk okay
cyberpunk is a sub-genre of science
fiction in a near-future setting noted
for its focus on high tech and a low
life it features advanced science such
as information technology and
cybernetics coupled with a degree of
breakdown or radical change in the
social order okay so I guess they didn't
understand that could include future
dystopian like Elysium
even possibly throw mama from the Train
absolutely any really it encompasses any
movie that Danny DeVito is it Oh Danny
do we know yeah this cyberpunk okay just
him being yeah oh man I hate spending
money on crew but that's a good precious
mind you save your crew I save my
favorite ah cyberpunk film yeah
always nothing with that data is deck
the halls with Danny DeVito is the
obnoxious neighbor
oh I must've just clicked on no it's a
great Christmas cyberpunk yeah it was
really weird when they took Batman in
that cyberpunk direction yeah Oh Junior
actually Whoopi cyber oh the Martha
Washington thank you for subscribing we
super appreciate it oh that's convenient
what oh she's great
know what happened I don't know I just
like I just got a ping yup the co-star
of the film Jacob's Ladder has
apparently died Oh everyone's style is
gonna be she was only 50 something 55 55
yeah yeah she's great
I've never seen watch Jacob's Ladder
I plan on watching that anyway cuz
that's my list of Halloween related
films you know it's not about Halloween
but movies i watch around the season
it's it's creepy it's very creepy yeah
that's a great fuck bot is not a
cyberpunk character fuck bot needs some
sort of like if fuck 5 had more gears
maybe you get gears he would be
steampunk Jack there is a difference I
know I'm sorry I'm just
who cares about any of it who cares
about it about that that's true steam
clunks like a Victorian setting yeah and
there's technology that should not exist
in a Victorian setting women might like
modern technology only the steam-powered
right technology a steam-powered
microwave and it's made out of like hunk
like materials then you would see in
that area Eric yeah years and yet hypes
and yeah I need a school I've never seen
people you know it's like conventions
itself dressed up and steampunk it's
meat looking much about it but I think
it's cool-looking
hmm what the fuck oh I heard that yes
that Clemmie Fandango did subscribe so a
man Max would probably be cyberpunk then
alright is there is there a technology
it's the absence of technology okay
Mad Max is the breakdown of technology
mister I'm just thinking of like all
their stuff is made out of like the
trailer for the new movie Charlize
Theron has like a robot arm and you see
like part of the gear of it is made out
of a wrench and things like that but
that's not like computer related
technology here the wikipedia is still
up it's the mixture of high tech and low
life okay so so bad Max is just the
future of dystopia is just future - so
many all right

[Part II]
the only steam powered technology a
steam-powered
microwave and you speak out of flame
punk like materials that you would see
in that area Arab years and yet hypes
and the idea is cool I have seen people
you know it like conventions and self
dressed up and steampunk it's me what
the fuck oh I heard that one yes that
Clemmie Fandango did subscribe so it man
makes would probably be psycho pondered
on all right is there is there a
technology it's the absence of
technology okay
Mad Max is the breakdown of Technology
mister I'm just thinking of like all
their stuff is made out of like the
trailer for the new movie Charlize
Theron has like a robot arm and you see
like a part of the gear of it is made
out of a wrench and things like that but
that's not like computer related
technology here the Wikipedia is still
up it's the mixture of high tech and low
light okay so so Mad Max is just the
future of dystopia is just future do
something yeah all right absolutely
apparently the name is base it's nothing
released at this time yet
and I can find at least there's isn't
anything amazing at the store I'm
finally gonna upgrade my furniture do it
already I've been wondering why you
haven't because I found the automated
reload around ion weapon those are those
are too good to pass up when I answer
the ion Stunna yo not as good as the I
am blessed they did it to me again oh no
oh I'm too automatic reloaders another
ion stunner yeah someone to baby King
he's saying they just subscribed to red
letter media Stumbler account is the
company aware Jesse stopped updating it
over a year ago we didn't have it we
don't have I don't think you guys have a
tumblr not a fisheye story
oh I did know there was a tumblr but
jesse has nothing to do with that I
haven't updated it in forever that is no
I started it just as like a new speed to
put on the website I used to embed the
news feed on the old old old website oh
okay but I haven't used it since then
yeah don't put that on me there is a
tumblr page that keeps up to date though
I think it's called fuck yeah red letter
media but we have no association with it
but they just kind of but they need they
update it no gifts
this crew is doing much better than my
last crew those guys were incompetent is
that a guy with pizza roll no no we're
not Yahtzee
guts with an S going nuts with a Z is
the first one I saw after you asked for
a name guts that's right I'm so oh yeah
and but yeah by the time you guys hear
that rich is looking for a crew member
I've already read one so just keep
commenting that's the moral of the story
there's Elizabeth pain you ain't
batteries not included one of the people
I haven't seen that movie is it sells a
kid it's a bad girl no they there's a
guy in the building that does like a new
painting over I remember that yeah yeah
but is her irony not completely new
really partially new doors I'm sure
vague memories of this and I think
that's her yeah okay that's you know I
rewatched that recently I haven't seen
it since I was a kid and it's not nearly
as good as you remember I mean to a
laughable degree yeah I watched last
night something that did hold of great
which is the 80s remake of the blob oh
okay
it is excellent ascent frontier Bob
drove it oh really or co-wrote it would
shock Russell yeah it holds up it's a
really solid script in the effexor some
of the optical stuff doesn't quite hold
up as far as effects go but all the
practical stuff still looks really good
that's great
yeah avenge 11d fold has a really great
quote from dick neutral the blonde Dame
had a pair of jugs like mounds of flesh
that held no interest for me what is
that that's dick neutral character
did you did you and ER what do you ask
me to name it a long time ago did you
name it
yeah what like whatever it was you told
me to name it well damn new trouble
does this know it was third fire barber
fire but we're still on that we change
the name no no you have to wait to wait
now I'm sorry you guys you have to think
carefully about what you want to name
the shift next time I tried but then
again Billy hecka yes dick neutral is
not just asexual he's extremely well
they're different degrees it seems like
a very sexual that's it he's forcibly
like like not only asexual but he points
out things that would be sexual in a
non-sexual manner that's okay right okay
yeah that's good
I know you're not paying any attention
to the game but I'm not I'm sorry this
is such an effective fucking effective
weapons you know who wouldn't care about
a fuck so toes
yeah the Dave leaned forward over the
table she could have leaned backwards
for all I care
this person is making me laugh all night
yeah it's the same person who well no
that was a different bird no no but that
was the same person he's had like
freezing errs oh that's great so todos
man dick dick neutral mutual the other
day I was watching madman and I saw Jon
Hamm and the only thing I could think to
myself is that man needs some looser
trousers Jesse Zelda I wouldn't be the
perfect face for dick neutral I think
dick neutral needs to be like like a Jon
Hamm someone who is very attractive sure
but just is funnier absolutely yeah yeah
we need like a Scott Bakula time am i
right yeah beckylyn now or Scott Bakula
anytime okay first of all what did you
just put Scott Bakula in the same oh my
god of course got backyard no you know
yeah uh duh I was thinking of the karate
kid who's the Karate Kid
that's what machi that's no that's got
bail no no Lenny kid is Ralph Macchio
who's God's guy it was Charles in Charge
I was thinking of snotty fail like why
are you why would anybody think of Scott
Baio because they doesn't think of
scalping because I just watch the SAPS
and it was a Sabbath no that really
sucks that Scott Bakula has a new show
though he does yeah he's on one of those
NCIS
it's New Orleans I'm not gonna pretend
like I don't know it is
I saw the look commercial for it and I
was like oh uh that's the end of my
story
wait who you tellin Scott Bakula Scott
Baio Oh Scott Baio doesn't he doesn't
worry okay that's I was gonna sing for
him he's working again well Scott Baio
showed up on Arrested Development right
oh yeah I know he did blah blah blah
yeah that's right you know okay so Scott
Bakula is dick neutral okay sure he's
the face for so when we do casting we
want us not back then tighten it Scott
Bakula or John Hamilton yeah yeah
absolutely I would say we have to get
John Hamm or Scott Bakula or we just
don't do it oh that's not a tightness
absolutely we've done
I mean Hamm does a lot and he does a lot
of comedy so we could probably reach out
okay yeah I mean definitely reach out to
him Bakula he's back you love I would
say Dracula in vacuum okay well if we
can't get a litter of those then maybe
we should go after Danny DeVito so we
can get that crossover steampunk route
to cyberpunk no we can take that again
no no it's bad it's really upset with
myself for fucking you should be good
would have been good I'm upset with you
too that's all right
I mean nothing it's gonna have to so
close that was Jay not me someone's a
nice try jack no blame on you yeah oh no
one else who said it's okay Jay they're
fine with you fucking Wow if you did it
though oh yeah so many unsubscribing
subscribe subscribe
what's the audio recording for
unsubscribe Oh
there should be one can you do that no I
don't think you can I know they use it
constantly for the conference okay this
is a pretty good she was standing there
in the moonlight hair blowing in the
breeze reminded me of a horse I almost
drove into one 966 okay then what they
can't all be great you just gotta put
them up hey Josh Vince thanks thanks for
putting it out there
we appreciate someone wants to talk
about how you unlock new ships there's
various question you can run across yeah
oh god damn it
and you know just beating the game and
beating the game of certain ship ships
and different quests quests are the fun
way to do it and and we decided on FTL a
little too late there there is a very I
have played and have this have a lot of
ships unlocked on my Mac side but we're
playing out my window side so we can
stream and for some reason it does not
FTL does not cross save between Mac and
Windows and so to get your Mac save over
the window side is a fairly complicated
process and we decided on I feel late so
I apologize but doesn't matter
I'm looking on the Twitter okay I don't
know if you saw this but Josh the wizard
he tweeted because we're talking about
the BAM gravity kills that's the group
the other night so he tweeted about the
fact that they are on the soundtrack to
seven and mortal kombat oh and gravity
kills just favorited that tweet thanks
gravity kiss gravity kills they only
have twenty three hundred followers
gravity kill should be thinking us
dick the birthday boy says jack I love
spelunky but I suck at it
how do I get good he's asking good I
belong to you you just play it it's it's
a simple platformer you just keep
playing it until you until you good
until they get gun
hey there's Mario Mario said he did one
and it's funny oh my god that's a great
one Mario Mario she moaned god I'm so
fucking wet right now I handed her my
umbrella
and walked out into the right I like
that one bar bar smell good so
oh if someone is asking J what your
favorite band is is it the gravity kills
its gravity kills yeah I think Simon s
that one in another stream and I
completely think it's it's Smash Ball I
mean but only like one song by them but
I like it so much that they're my
favorite band they probably be the
Talking Heads
there's two bounds I'm not a huge music
guy happy music I know you are needs to
be more into music yeah that was when I
was in high school music I listened to
get some crap yes okay we have a human
being though so if I find like Angie or
a mantis I might replace him but but if
you if you want to be this guy possibly
temporarily we will name him Billy hecka
what are you having an HEC Katie Lucas
farts how do you spell my haircut are
billions bi l ll e l three L's reals
Tamils hecka is H ACK a l Yakko Yakko
what hacker eka there you go h e AG Oh
God h ec ka you said h a I apologize
okay
for one the Lucas farts one is gravely
Lucas farts she told me her pussy needed
attention so I called effect
so the other night I was watching the
anaconda music video from Nicki Minaj
and all I could think to myself was damn
that seems like an ineffective work
after you can't think analogous to like
if you're doing films war you can't have
a pretty menage yeah yeah camera I know
but if you're doing the old timey film
noir detective voice yeah it's weird to
talk about Nicki Minaj alright I'm gonna
go ahead and agree with that yeah I I
understand what you were doing what do
it better do it better how did you just
read Xena troops yeah hmm
fasten your seat belts she said it's
going to be a bumpy night I thought to
myself how glad I was I just bought new
shocks for my uncle see this border line
is Honda Accord it is borderline yeah
the joke is there you just need to
replace the type of cars yeah with an
old-timey yeah 1940's car I kind of like
how that car just because it's such a
generic type of Connor that's sang it in
the 30s detective voice less eager to
work whereas nicki minaj is so current
yeah that's to pop-culture to science to
this now let me know what it is it is
weird then he drives a Honda Accord it
is weird
well I mean no that's what somebody says
oh sure sure
no now all I'm thinking of now is is
dick neutral bits I think we need to
stop this in mind and right dick neutral
I think the stream is over we've got
work to do she was breathing heavy her
face red with excitement I had her in my
arms and I told her softly honey heat
stroke is a real illness
I'm trying these people they get time to
you know write the sentence craft it out
yeah I mean you're just going right
upside your head
right
what that's not a good one we already
said it's too current oh my god I think
spider webs all over
oh my god
yes avenge eleventy fold you cut another
great oh my god I uncharged err you know
how to whistle don't you she asked just
put your lips together and blow
I knew I had learned a useful skill
avenge 11e folder killing it like that
one they get ya like a jerk that's just
one yes good well not always his his
comedy one of his comedy series started
off with a fantastic forbidden I never
listened to any of his albums oh man it
was it was it was just classic noir
McDonald of running a bit so far into
the ground that it came back out again
and resumed but you know like it's it's
like okay so so Johnny Storm you have
the power of fire right you your whole
body turns on to fly so we'll cut but
you're still like a human so we'll call
you the Human Torch and Kim you turn
invisible and you're a woman so we'll
call you the Invisible Woman and Ben Ben
you you you're a rock creature you're in
a horrible awful thing so we're gonna
call you the thing and me my arms
stretch all over the place I'm really
stretchy so I'm gonna be called mr.
fantastic and then they keep going until
the
you took a call Oh animus primal yes you
are still alive have you lost anyone is
that gonna is that gonna fix it yes you
just did okay only not really I'm not
going to apologize because I think you
need a little you need some drama but
the drama is winning fuck you shake it
up if you could because I mean rich is a
player the players are gonna play and
he's playing the game so he's gonna play
let's check play oh god she wraps in
that song she does that she talks she
talks in some of the words I got big
spider webs all of it yeah killing me
here J sounds like a personal problem Oh
oh my love isolate mutate thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
are you still hearing the what oh yeah
there yeah I'm in like the FTL zone do
her FTL zone thing that's alright oh my
god space camo asked a very important
question I love that name space come on
yes okay who would win in a fight the
80s version of Kurt Russell or Bruce
Campbell
the answer is kind of obvious it's Kurt
Russell eighties Bruce in Campbell was
pretty scrawny he wasn't scrawny but he
probably wasn't as buff as Kurt Russell
Kurt Russell was crazy I'm gonna get the
Kurt Russell lots to do with physical
strength and more to do with diversity
of roles Bruce Campbell was very similar
most of the things he said he's great at
it but oh we're gonna fight no Superman
yeah that's like I don't know so I'm
just gonna go with with something
completely unrelated to gauge the two
odd because I have no idea what all
right they were in a scene together and
escape from LA and Kurt Russell wanted
that scene here's the thing never seen
this game from that translation yes
that's why translation J doesn't care
about your stupid question Oh skipper
only has moments yeah it looks it looked
around I would say if you if you are not
a huge fan of the original then it's not
worth seeing at all is the stuff that
works in that movie only works because
of Kurt Russell ooh
Billy hecka has a good point though if
it was a chin matchup Bruce Campbell of
course Campbell who does a chin matchup
so their entire bodies are bound and
they can only fight with their faces
which is giving me a look and Bruce can
it's never left Jay it's not I'm sorry
you should be sorry my Halloween spirit
is ruining Halloween spirit you know you
didn't move see it's that's very true
that is
sit where you currently are sitting yeah
I just need to move if I move a couple
inches away like I am oh my god you're
totally right
Roberts dude are we win well sokar my
god that's like the chin equivalent of
an atomic bomb Kurt Russell a Bruce
candle have their bodies bounded can
only fight with their faces so Robert
said oh yes we are kicking some ass I
think that's great Rick you're doing a
very important job
well then resume Roberts door is in a
movie with Bruce Campbell there are the
first two maniac cop movies really yeah
oh there you go
so Bruce Campbell's in maniac cop huh
yeah he says he's like the weed and the
first one gets killed in the second one
no spoilers oh my god the second one's
really entertaining I don't care much
for the first one but the second one is
like classic 80s low-budget filmmaking
or they're just really there's this
really great chase scene where
what's-her-name he's not one of those
sci-fi shows Claudia Christian what's
sure she on does I named some familiar
to anybody
hmm she's on some sci-fi show not Star
Trek but one of those like five for one
of those no not slot sir Claudia a
Christian she's she's one of the main
characters in maniac up to then there's
this part where she's outside of a car
but her hand is handcuffed to the
steering wheel of the car and the car is
going downhill in a busy New York City
Street Oh completely out of control
and she's running along with it it's
really awesome and it's like really
great action filmmaking on the
low-budget great good movie everyone's
setting Babylon 5 I was right Babylon 5
okay yeah that's
it's awesome it's so good there's a
really great action in that movie where
you're like you're watching you're like
they got away with this get a little
bunch of movie green home you know it's
there's not as many people are you know
make sure everybody's safe and things
are you know probably don't have permits
to shoot some of it sure is it running
this car down the street it's so good
Josh John have a really you have a
really good setup to a to a dick oh my
god I forgot his name ma'am take Neutron
take your drill okay hold on ice I Sam
thank you for subscribing oh my god you
got a flex I got a flat gun I don't even
give a shit
really I don't even give a shit that can
go fuck itself Oh on wait I lost my eye
Sam made me lose my place Dutchman's he
has a good start of a dick neutral joke
here which is is that a gun in your
pocket are you just happy to see me I
think there's a good joke there you know
he Josh man says man said is that a gun
in your pocket or what lady said is that
a gun in your pocket or just happy to
see me I turned and said neither it's a
boner you and help you in handle you
could have a boner my thought might seem
Adonis my spin on it would what would be
neither it's an involuntary boner yeah I
wouldn't say boner either no but I need
something very like the gun in your
pocket are you happy to see me as a
classic more line so that's a good setup
is all I'm saying he would say man that
is a pencil or what if it was just is
that a gun in your pocket are you just
happy to see me I said it to gun it's a
gun ma'am I've already told you awkward
silence I've already told you my gun is
correctly a holster on my hip neither I
was bitten by tarantula neither it's a
cancerous growth that's too weird yeah
that's too weird it's a tricky balance
it is what they they want to know this
person is saying they should place bets
on who would win between in our wrestled
match between me and you between me and
you Jesse would probably win I'm very
weak yes yeah cuz right now I can joke
and have a funny time like yes I will
lose to Jesse but if we actually do it
and I try and I really lose then that's
really bad but I am very I am very weak
I have there was a time there was maybe
a good six month period in which I
actually worked out and I felt fantastic
and like I could see real like muscle
growth and change myself and then I
decided I wanted to sleep in and sleepy
it was more important to me than working
out
oh that's an interesting Joe : I'm gonna
cut it I'm gonna cut it a little bit
it's a little long she sat in a dark
corner
Jaime seductively through a haze of
white smoke i ticketed her for tobacco
using this in an establishment
it's nice one that's nice
he kept on going and in in Milwaukee you
just can't smoke in any establishment I
assume where you're from you can't smoke
in ASL you could worry gold noir types
oh sure sure I ticketed her for tobacco
use an establishment with 50% food
takings it went on that way see that's
too long
let's see lie too long of a punch yeah
there's a good set up though I really
liked her setup she sat a dark corner
hang me seductively throw Hazen's yeah
yeah you have that moment like oh I get
the punch line yeah but then it keeps
going yeah it's true technically a
private detective wouldn't be writing
tickets that would be a noise that's
true that's true and if you do it that
snarky voice there still true you you
wouldn't he still doesn't have the
authority to write tickets I wouldn't be
legally valid hey laundry tiger 2,500
thank you for subscribing with super
appreciate it also I really enjoy the
name laundry tiger laundry time jack
laundry tiger
mmm give me a name
laundry tiger I so late mutate welcome I
shall a clue take your umpteen anti-joke
rich is what his comment was then you
asked for a name someone said that your
grandpa rich what yeah yeah problem are
you so grumpy john eclipse they're
grumpy they're grumpy that's fine i'm
fine during this run of FTL yeah that
last one you can fuck itself how do you
win FTL like what's the goal get to the
end and destroy the extremely
ridiculously powerful ship that's there
ok so that's this game has the most
lovely balance curve being boring so the
entire so the entire game you have all
these little dots right you have to go
to as many of these dots as you possibly
can to collect all the stuff to upgrade
your weapons and upgrade your ship so
you can deal with this massive ship
battle at the end but there's the
oncoming rebel army and if you have to
fight them you don't gain anything you
don't gain scrap you loot you gave one
fuel and they will fuck your shit up and
so there's this there's basically like a
it's it's a it's a timer that you have
some control over because you can choose
how many dots you go to in fact it's a
beautiful game now ok
do I want to teleport around I just want
to jump on washer men and steal coins
from them that's an OK thing too
anything you don't get coins for
mushroom nd you shoot them with a
fireball you do okay that's what I'm
thinking about
so goombas their mushroom mess their
goomahs their coca I understand but
saying I want to jump on mushroom man
sounds funnier yes you don't understand
comedy joke it's true I don't know if
that was the right move but I find it
useful against the that's only because
so I'm going slow tonight because I've
had more than enough this week already
spoilers someone is saying Jack is
talking about FTL Jack talking about FTL
is like the kid in American Beauty
talking about the plastic bag I guess
that would make sense because Jay
doesn't care about the plastic bag but
I'm way into it that's true yeah let's
go say I don't understand the connection
because I don't understand FTL but sure
it's it's something that you find
mundane that I find beautiful
remember when that movie was a big deal
I do now nobody cares it's really dated
kind of shitty really I haven't see I
have not seen it since the kid the stuff
that holds up in it is the comedic
elements to it mmm but man no yeah
really though I don't think so you're an
image even even at the time I didn't
care for the plastic bag bullshit like
well no but I don't think that you're
supposed to but it's treated like the
way the kids talking about it like
you're supposed to be on his side and
understand him and I'm like you just
sound like a dumbass but it's so
heavy-handed the sand is so obvious and
heavy handed kind Jesse is very good I
tried
oh we didn't Kiwi is better than me I
did not see your subscribe pop-up oh
thank you or in the chat so I apologize
but thank you for subscribing we really
do appreciate it Josh Vince that's not a
better one I mean now you're just
reaching it's about the punt you need
your punch needs to be way quicker he's
trying to eat trying again with the
everything's coming up millhouse Oh
scrappy Umbreon nice nice
what don't do you because you were doing
oh my god oh yes you might hear oh I
think I am I'm thinking of how to end
this is that a gun in your pocket joke I
thought you guys are talking to me and I
mean full of confusion Jack what do you
think do I get rid of that heck oh wow
Benson yeah more fighting
more fighting he's got barely anything
yeah I mean you got to go further I mean
Charlie if Charlie has something they
should we at least should we preserve
the name where should we know now it's
not the rules if you're letting them go
you're letting Billy heck ago Billy heck
out I'm sorry I am sorry I told you this
might happen
it's not you it's me all right give me
give me somebody else and the same rule
applies because it's I'd still rather
have a mantis or I can never call the
Voltron the vulture is the sometimes
Salters it's fine TR oh oh D no.31 one
says he'll be charlie
okay you get me Charlie Reed sassy
ridges that's pretty three sassy ridges
huh that's a lot of sassy riches
I don't care what she came into the
wrong office
that's what to me it's funny okay this
broad walked into my office
she asked me is this dr. Schmitz I said
no no she left that's to me that's funny
it doesn't work and the concept of the
tech neutral exactly it is very funny
but the dick neutral needs a sexual
innuendo setup and a blonde punchline
somebody else of Burt's expectations see
me and then he replied no it's a roll of
quarters it's no laundry day that's
pretty good okay my my are and
capitalist my makka Phyllis just
subscribed thank you so much for your
subscription I apologize if I did not
pronounce your twitch user name
correctly but we appreciate it
nonetheless I thought you're trying to
say Mara like mayor markopolos what is
that it that's wat my RM e cup of coffe
Phyllis well my definitely isn't mayor
mayor McCullough's
maybe the jokes just kidding
that could be - yeah I'm trying to force
it hey this person that you can't
pronounce yeah the case was brought in
by a real hot tomato the sergeant said a
fawn I blonde real desperate see she had
trouble written all over her I left his
office thoroughly confused so not only
is he completely asexual he doesn't even
understand innuendo
ooh oops B boot speed thank you for
subscribing I'm super appreciate it
but a fun name would be boots b o o TS B
Y boots B you actually ask the chat
about our alien confusion that part near
the end of the movie we're both like did
we miss something even remember I'm
talking about do ok people listening hey
Jack I gotta watch the original alien
the other day in Scotts alien in
preparation for playing alien isolation
well in your preparation I just want to
watch aliens yeah but we're watching it
it was towards the end everybody's dead
you know Sigourney Weaver really sets
the self-destruct mode on the ship no
and she's running down the hallway to
get into the escape pod yeah I remember
oh she runs into the alien and drops the
cat yeah and then she immediately turns
around and tries to shut off the
self-destruct mode and both of us were
like did we miss something why is she
trying to all the sudden shut off the
self-destruct mode if anyone knows why
please tell us was it just that she knew
she couldn't get to the escape pod in
time so she wanted to try and stop the
ship from blowing up while she was still
on it but that couldn't be because then
she goes right back down the hallway and
just walk it just goes to the escape pod
walks into the escape pod with no
problem yes or nothing escapes an escape
pod is there something that was ship
that gets shit blown up yeah so I'm
wondering if like yeah I don't know
maybe just that brief encounter with the
alien she thought she wouldn't have time
we were very confused and we feel like
we both missed something cuz it seems
simple enough but yeah us can figure out
what was happening like she saw the
alien she goes back to try to shut off
the self-destruct but she can't so then
she just goes to the Life pod anyway
yeah so but something simple that we
missed please feel free to call us
dummies but yeah we were both like what
happened here hold on there's an another
joki that spike 1382 said she brushed up
against me firmly her breasts pressing
into my arm I felt a little dark but
that's okay yeah let's see here
dark comedy is good in comedy yes yeah
we know the alien was in front of the
escape pod but then why didn't you try
to lure the alien away yeah she knows
his run back and the time she takes to
try and stop the self-destruct mechanism
she could have spent just ready to do it
for hallway and then running back yes
where she goes somebody answered it and
they said because movie because yeah
because movie sure but I don't know it
was a weird diversion yeah let's see
here it's a great movie don't get me
wrong I think you guys just need to but
we just shake it off you're right no
there was and there was a couple things
like that in the movie
it's still fantastic this is the first
half is stronger than the second half I
would say a buildup is much stronger
because the second half is more it's
basically a slasher movie in space yeah
well maybe it's great but the first half
is the discovery and all that stuff is
so good
yeah and everyone is just saying because
she couldn't get to the escape pod and
that was not clearly shown well it's
shown that the alien is in front of her
and she runs away but she spent so long
because it's such a long process that
trying to stop the self-defence her
self-destruct mechanism no that's like
she could have just diverted to a
different hallway and then I don't know
right it was it was the way it was
presented in the movie I thought was
clunky
yeah a G shots has the sequence correct
yeah
turn turn on self-destruct to go to show
get startled by alien drop Kat goes to
try to turn off self-destruct too late
returns to shuttle alien gone and then
spoiler alert but yeah it just there
didn't seem to be a good there didn't
seem to be good motivation to try to
turn off the self-destruct yeah isn't it
is is the problem
I thought I saw another good joke on the
same dude oh dude oh wow
maybe I'll say
wanting not to die was the motivation
yeah but it seemed to take longer it
seemed to take her a long time to get
back to the front of the ship yeah yeah
I understand what is happening but I
don't think it's clear why it needs to
happen in that way if that makes sense
that's the real thing
yeah it takes it's such a long involved
process to shut off the self-destruct
mechanism yeah that it seems like she
could have just gotten back to the
escape pod in time yeah I don't know
maybe it's a minor thing but it's it is
very minor women think about in space is
safety and that's by the way that was
the other part of it is it was never the
cap why the cat was there was also never
properly explained oh yeah
which pisses me off because then she
goes back to save the cat for no
apparent reason
yeah the cat because if I had a limited
amount of time to save my life I would
not give a shit about a cat
Amy this is me it's not even established
that it's her cat we assume it's her cat
yeah no no here's the the dick neutral
joke she said she was on the rag some
Dame's have no taste in music ragtime
hello I like them refer to rank time
music is the way that's my issue with
that one I get it okay how about this
one she asked me if I wanted to go to
her apartment for a cup of coffee I told
her it was 1:00 a.m. for crying out loud
all right their minds make too much of
Seinfeld though there's a job like that
on Seinfeld yeah where yeah George is in
the car with a girl and she has he wants
to come up for coffee and he says no
coffee keeps me up that's right that's
funny
like Oh apparently the cat was a
metaphor of course I was Thank You ed
Witten that was funny she said to plough
into her I told her I'm a detective not
a farmer which one I didn't pay
attention to the game but somebody said
it rich hands mark remembers in the tank
yeah rich Evans ain't nothing to fuck
with
Oh real Rob Rose thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
welcome to the dick neutral chat no
that's the Clem Fandango says the real
question is why Ripley is is wearing
tiny little panties that's that was just
as that's the 70s 80s thing like
everybody we were saying this is either
70s 80s things or future thing because
they conserve material for every pound
of weight you have it it's takes
something like a hundred pounds of
rocket fuel to get it into space and so
you I'm surprised yet panties on at home
Jack are you saying if your house was on
fire you would not go to save princess
princess's name isn't princess anymore
it's biscuit and of course I would try
to save biscuit but I would not run into
my house on fire to save my cat yes I
would just I would just buy another it's
very true
Oh Zac fraud thank you for subscribing
we're super Grisha hated that's funny
okay well it really doesn't even get
that long big up then put the seat you
should have been easier to just come in
with a cane I mean I understand you
spell your name with the mage absolutely
take the birthday boy I would absolutely
save my computer's before I save my cats
yeah because my computers give me money
no you know what I have insurance
yeah my wager is I don't care I would
say you know what I would save my hard
drives
oh yeah the things on our drives are fun
but not even because after I archive
them I have a fireproof safe zone no I
would so go get biscuit that I don't
know i would miss unless you were
putting yourself made any major ginger
yeah so I would get the hard drive that
I'm currently working with because that
one most important yes
the other ones are under fireproof safe
as they should be
oh no someone at something subscribing
why because all we're doing this time on
dick Neutron that's what would you
rather we talked about I don't know
what's more important neutral oh here we
go
she walked out of the shower looked at
me and her towel dropped to the floor
she should have used a rope so Toso oh
my friends my hard drive is not full of
porn who has do downloads porn anymore
it's all streaming come on can't with
the times let's talk about event horizon
we've talked about that before
it's basically doom yeah and it's kind
of I don't remember being that and right
I still need to re-watch it ever ever
gonna talk about that last week yeah the
timer I saw it in the eh er way back
when in the early nineteen hundred's
maybe watching
I think it's on that dick neutrals
arch-nemesis is private browsing like
that that's a fantastic Joey yes let's
get my an A or Missa feliss that's a
great joke Randy Quaid just subscribe
well Jesse give Randy Quaid thank you I
guess
there could be the Randy thank you thank
you for subscribing no thank you for
Christmas vacation too Oh watch out for
those Hollywood star whackers oh yeah
the month the money he made with
Christmas vacation to afforded him the
pleasure of subscribing so I suppose
it's a win-win he's still tweets Randy
Quaid even though he said to flee the
country and he's like in hiding he still
tweets yeah and there's other bizarre
things that yeah you've ever read them
oh yeah let's look at some Randy Quaid
meets what let's see what I can find
here continue talking while I like
that's okay someone was asking me often
you would go to the theater in your
theater going prime I swear in grease
and it's 5 a.m. right now now Howard
we're getting rid of this another one
well thank you for being my I'm not I'm
not killing people off I'm just firing
them ok that's good yeah you're just
letting them on but you're like letting
them off on an abandoned ship yeah think
you can take it wherever they want oh I
like that I like that all right name me
I'm gonna wait for the first person to
say name me full of beats roll it soon
subscriber only they're all pizza rolls
oh well here we go Theodore J hooker
says me oh my god Randy Quaid has many
many tweets about the TV show chips it's
like well they're not funny if it's the
only thing that's funny is that it's one
after the other so he's in high D and it
only does is watch chips apparently
that's great that sounds incredible it's
appropriately crazy Randy Quaid is crazy
it's where's chips even on anymore does
he have DVDs

[Part III]
baby channels he fled the country he's
brought his chips DVD boxes TV it's me
TV a national thing I just killed the
chef the better question I just killed
you what did you say I didn't even hear
is me TV a national thing oh I I assume
everyone has like that weird channel
24.1 where they play a weird
Zak fraud says Jack last week I was on
stage with Weezer
and then I celebrated later with a
steagle rod ler that sounds like a hell
of an evening sir what why were you on
stage with Weezer are you all right
Randy Quaid my most memorable birthday
was when a stripper puked on my pants
it was an accident I'm not some weirdo
who pays for stripper vomit and then
there's 15 tweets dropships may be Quaid
is brilliant okay
now read all that we read all the chips
they're not people are on the internet
they can welcome well I want to hear one
I'm not on the internet a course ponch's
apartment has no furniture except Abed
that means what is apparently pontius
apartment just has been in theater was
he a ladies man John that impresses the
ladies on the yacht by speaking French
see you mean about the show where's the
weird ones
chips tweets oh this is said no better
way to spend my birthday than watching
ponch
dazzle us with his disco moves on chips
when was his birthday October 1st happy
birthday
the Commodore are subscribed good night
thank you my friend in Greece good night
oh good night Randy quick people who
write unicycles are total douche bags
says Randy you heard it Randy Quaid
Jesus Christ that was supposed to be fun
anyone ever get Randy Quaid and Pierce
Brosnan next up that made me laugh
no coleslaw is a very underrated salad
more once more it was more yeah girl
pass all the chips wants to find a good
one
jock Josh Vince I keep reading that
attempt at a joke and it's too dark it's
too it's too uh it's too dark oh yeah
it's you know what that is that's that's
what happens when when Zack Snyder
directs a thank you for getting his name
dick if Zack Snyder directed a dick
neutral movie that's something he would
say it's too dark 90% of his Twitter is
about chips that's great read us another
one just pick one does it randomly ponch
got a ticket while on a date and his
Winnebago and had to go dry go to
driving school so he wore a disguise
hashtag chips he's just describing
things that happened on the show now
what time is it all different times of
the day so almost different times yeah
so he's just I swear it has to be he he
fled with his box set absolutely
oh no that's not one of them is it are
you really what are you laughing at
until he numbers ways that's funny
because I think that was like a dick
neutral setup but it was actually really
quick yeah go ahead
she walked up to me and said nice pants
can I test to the zipper
I gave her my pants farted and walked
away Randy Quaid what a what a weird man
Randy Quaid and the premature senior
moment that poor guy I don't know if he
would be interested in hearing red
letter media thoughts on a Zach Braff
movie no that's my summation of Zach
Braff you know what I don't like his
face I was just thinking that simply
look at it I'm like nope here's you if I
were to give Garden State a a one sound
review it would be theirs there's a
couple things I like in Garden State
it's so full its self-weight but there's
some of the stuff between the father and
son but it strips away all the
quirkiness yes just I'm talking and that
stuff's okay but makes wanna puke yeah
yeah yeah oh no 90% of it yeah it makes
me want to absolutely barb oh yeah
yeah nice mr. awesome yes pretentious is
a very good descripting were describing
word for Zach Braff because he wore a
shirt that looked like the wall yeah
because he feels like he doesn't stand
out enough do you get the visual
metaphor this yeah that's one of those
things where you can
Celie came up with that visual in his
head and then was like how do I work to
send it a movie and so it didn't happen
naturally throughout the course of it
was just because it's like he said what
is he at his mom's he's at his house
after his mom's funeral what thoughts
like it I'm sure something says that she
made a mature using leftover material
from what she decorated the bathroom
with yeah but you don't use like cloth
material like that to decorate a
bathroom it makes no sense it's fine
it's just I want to put this image in
the movie exactly yeah hey baby Slayer 1
5 6 thanks for subscribing also the
random capitalization of your name makes
it slightly hard to read mezzo yeah is
that it cold no you know what I liked um
I liked a lot of scrubs I think there's
a lot of good jokes in scrubs I mean I
never really watched I'm in general a
fan of the sitcoms
and I think there's a lot of good jokes
in there but any anytime that show tried
to go for like the heart yeah and Zach
Braff made that stupid face I just kind
of zoned out consistency her face which
looks like the most insincere thing ever
yes yeah but I think I do think there
are a lot of good jokes in scrubs okay I
haven't seen nearly enough to be able to
comment yeah
Rich's what the fucks are so consistent
I'm not sure if they're sound clips or
live oh that is a sound clip there's no
there's no attempt in fakery there
that's just what plays now so please
subscribe every time someone subscribes
you get that little thank-you message
with rich and I space and rich will say
and we've recorded a special rich saying
what the fuck that will play every
single time someone subscribes which
amuses me yep it was who is the most
annoying Zach in cinema oh you know it
was axed nighter I find Zach Snyder to
be more annoying than Zach Braff because
while Zach Braff is pretentious he every
everyone kind of just knows that about
him and except that whereas Zach Snyder
seems more like a douchebag I think but
which is worse
I think Zach Braff is probably a nice
guy in real life I think Zack Snyder
might be a douchebag yeah okay Thank You
viola also I don't believe that Snyder
has had any original idea and what he
did it was called sucker punch that was
completely his idea that movie that all
concept verses
I didn't even see it it's awful well
that that was a really early half of the
bag yeah Zack Slater does not damage
below well he damaged one beloved
franchise but you know things like I
think he did a fine job for 300 and he
bit ever self he did an okay thing for
the watchman but every striking visual
in that is directly from the counter
cogs and so I have a hard time
understanding what he did as a director
what vision did he bring to it besides
make the thing that's on the paper on
the move and yes DC is really banking on
Zack Snyder being a thing yeah it's so
desperate it's like we he did that one
movie that was a hit so now we have to
do that over and over and over again and
we have to immediately jump into trying
to rip off the Avengers and and they say
they can't spend years and years
building a universe we just have to
immediately throw everybody into the
next Superman movie they've already
tagged him for like Justice League
movies yeah I did I disliked him as a
director yeah
so I say he's worse than Zach Braff okay
300 is schlock but I don't know if it's
horrible
because that was before the 300 style
was a thing at least 300 had style and
now it's ubiquitous but back then and
you're right mr. awesome dr. Manhattan's
penis was the best part of the lodge
but I really needed that movie yeah
because it's nowhere near as amazing as
the comics that's what everybody says
it's throughout the comics I'm never in
the comics I thought the movie was fine
why would you why would you think it
would be would be one as good as the
comics
how often are adaptations as good as the
source material
oh very nah not very but you know what I
like I liked because we he did 300 right
before that right and I liked his action
and so seeing some action seeing his
what I thought see what I thought I
applied to the Watchmen well I was a
little excited just just terribly
terribly disappointed with all the stuff
they had to cut there's so much more
yeah I watched the movie this isn't
don't thing and I thought it was fine
yeah whenever anyone talks about comic
books no I thought you were going to say
I've never anybody talks about comic
books
I want apart you're going December
anyone talks about I always think about
that joke and party down where I think
it's Ryan Hanson's character asks
everyone to write down on a piece of
paper how many times they've seen the
movie 300
and then everyone shows theirs and then
Martin Starr his you know because
they're always going back and forth yeah
Martin Starr I think in his was like six
and so he called them it's a good joke
it's a good joke yeah well you've seen
pretty dog oh yeah I like that show
really but I appreciate you telling me
that it has a good joke yeah there's
lots of good jokes oh my god oh hey
tada all right you owe me the Tate ow
just subscribe thank you for subscribing
we super appreciate it I had to wait to
thank you suggesting could tell us about
a joke from the show
they have a priority straight
yes yes I have not avenged
eleventy fold ask me if I've seen the
super duper extended edition of Watchmen
where they put in a whole bunch of shit
from the comic no cuz I don't care I
just you know what I did I read the
comics again after seeing the movie I
just read the comics again and felt
great about it yeah every time I read
that I noticed shit I didn't notice
Elvis tell this you never replied back
to my email where I made a really good
joke about Jack being a liar and that
that was upsetting to me sigh I worked
that out pretty well what what oh
because he said that you said that you
would bring up rich Evans baby-faced
t-shirts absolutely bobbleheads and I
said they never told me about that and
that you are a filthy liar which is the
truth I absolutely told you about no you
did nicely you might have been Elvis
Tellez I know you know what I might not
have told Jesse I might have no I told i
we were we were we were here was like
that was it doing something else you
might have been doing something I don't
I I definitely told you yeah I you know
what I should have I should have
reminded you because thinking back on it
you might have been busy or drunk or
busy most of the most likely busy hey
Jeff and 86 know thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it yeah
Jack your alibi is falling apart it is
thank you
I can see the sweat for bit on your but
I'm pretty sure I don't ask
I guess I might not hey we're talking
about it now that's fine
working on it oh no busy or drunk the
Jessie story no that's terrible
they want you to buy hacking there's one
thing I know they want me to buy hacking
they want you to buy actors here's what
I'm thinking okay I've got three fucking
ion weapons I see then I'm taking down
shields left and right yeah yeah I take
down shields by drone control
get this fucking beam weapon and while
their shields down that thing's just
continuing like blasting the fuck out of
the mothership I'm actually right now
I'm actually deciding between that or
hacking Oh someone to save drone control
that's actually really tough I know it
is
I think with with ion and beam drone you
can take them down quicker hacking means
they're firing why should at you like
you can yeah you can hack one of their
big weapons like you could hack their
their missile it right away which would
be super awesome
don't want roads I'm going with drums
it's done it is done no going back
oh my god I'm selling this flak Jesus
Christ flag but for the flag so it is
banners black all-time but uh wait wait
wait
Lando was taken thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it have
a what the fuck oh boy alright that was
tough
that was tough I'm sorry that was tough
they're saying you're killing it I'm
saying you're killing it I know I am oh
you can hack the evasion down from 40%
to 0%
oh the like if you hack there yeah but
if I I'm fine I on if I on they're
piloting same thing same thing same
thing you guys rich knows what's up is
basically it what's happening no they're
saying you've doomed them all I don't
believe that's true as a reference to
goal Friday 13th and cannibals music
let's rough around the edges it was
clearly made by film students but it's
got a lot of good jokes I would believe
that every ball those things you said
and really catchy songs
I would also believe that okay you're
getting it you're getting some that was
a good call drones rule Lando was taken
mm-hmm
she knocked on the door asking to borrow
some sugar I thought of the fresh bag in
the pantry and my stirring disdain for
beggars oh sorry
she knocked on the door asking to borrow
some sugar I thought of the fresh bag in
the pantry and my Stern distain for
beggars okay let's thank you this a new
direction what is this thing you're
saying with that and why was he is it
good I mean there's there's one song
that I find fun okay is it called turned
down for what I enjoy that music video
I don't like Waka Flocka Flame I'm just
saying it this is like current news I'm
just saying I don't be disappointed in
me for I like Kanye West I won't deny
that
Jessi's just saying I'm just saying
she's just saying everybody she's
pissing first Elizabeth Pinkman
now this waka waka waka flocka I know
welcome flock of seagulls is he like I
don't know who he is but that doesn't
mean much is he a larger I think that
whoever mixed his album didn't quite do
it very well okay the music is a lot
it's too loud sometimes like the beats
are too loud sometimes by the way that
is current news this is something that
might this is something that might be
interesting that rich might be
interested to talk about yeah
current news just broke about Captain
America 300 isn't Iron Man gonna be an
Iron Man is gonna be in it so the
speculation is that it's going to be
Civil War
wait is that speculation or confirmed
it's confirmed that he's gonna be in it
Iron Man is gonna be in Captain America
through yeah but the speculation
Quazi confirmed is that it's gonna be
Civil War the only problem is so Civil
War was this really fantastic run in
Marvel Comics in which iron fantastic is
strong I liked it
good I thought it was fantastic it the
concept in Indy is ended with a whimper
the concept is neat at the actual book
itself
Captain America wanted to basically do
the the superhero Registration
programming which all superheroes South
America did not want to do that so this
iron man wanted to do that I apologize I
misspoke the Iron Man boys got very
upset that you got that minor detail
well I guess it's not a minor detail
it's it's a huge detail I misspoke I
know who is on whose side Iron Man I
wanted the superhero Registration
against all superheroes needed to
disclose their real identities and work
kind of under the shield branch of
government branch so they could be
regulated and Captain America and he
didn't he I'm assuming he didn't see
this as being a big deal because he
outed himself exactly as I was like who
cares so because I him is who cares yeah
ok Jack we're replacing an NG oh my I
need a name
no um we're gonna we're gonna see who
says me first
actually I probably should yeah well
every place the wrong character but oh
I'm a name says oh my god says m-f ili
any capital sure capital m MF ili PPO
PPO Bruno separate name versus a man
named Bruno yeah so you know I am
obviously it caused a civil war or
something here okay with this somewhere
now didn't be a two factions fought
against each other it was really great
spider-man came out then revealed
himself it was a whole big thing which
was a sham which was a sham this is why
I said it ended with a whimper okay
because because after it was all over it
the universe reset state has rebooted it
yeah it's all fine in any case the only
problem with civil war in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe they don't have any
of the big heroes that are unnamed
they don't have spider-man yeah they
don't have any of the mutants that would
be affected they might have daredevil oh
yeah yeah that's why I don't think
they're gonna do some war right they
can't do it because they're devil but
there's there's too much to things but
with civil war and then you can't learn
for one not enough heroes for the
identity thing to really be an issue not
in the Cinematic Universe yes not a
cinematic universe and also when I think
of the Marvel movies they're fun to
watch Civil War is just kind of
depressing do civil war and then
everybody just hates each other and then
they got to make another fuckin movie
after that I'm against it for that
reason they I want to have fun when I'm
watching a Marvel superhero movie and it
would be kind of a retread of Captain
America to where you know it was the
whole oh yeah safety over privacy so I
don't know if they are it was that very
much so the speculation only stems from
the fact that Iron Man is gonna be in
yes and that was their big where's the
thing don't get worked up about it don't
worry about it cuz you don't know that's
true who cares I'll see what happens
oh my god I see do you ever wish you
made other friends I got just clearly
the only people that they know that you
know is us right yeah that's the only
friends you have well yeah well and and
also right now your friends are playing
a video game I do have other friends I
feel that way about the bag that I don't
have any friends that are into horror
films the way I am
yeah I got the money geeked out about
horror I don't know if anyone is into
horror films like you are that's not
true there are people that are way more
into it than I am but there are things
that I felt like when the Rob Zombie
remake was coming out it was that Daniel
Pierce was casting the movie I couldn't
say why that was interesting no one
would know what I'm talking about right
Daniel Harris was a little girl and I
will wait for five it's me that I can't
explain that to anybody although I have
any clue what I'm talking about you
could explain it kind of like that
yeah but they don't you don't care I can
tell you that you'd be like oh I
understand that I understand that and I
can see how well did she come back as
the same care no no it is a rebooted
franchise or something and it really
doesn't matter because the Rob Zombie
was very good you used to want somebody
geek out about it read this before the
movie came out she's like oh Daniel
Harris that's an interesting cast 800
someone is saying they confirmed Civil
War is happening oh but remember it's
just the Civil War concept that needed
the registration for some sort of civil
wars happening either way you slice it
they basically just have the Avengers
The Avengers fighting each other isn't
that interesting and everyone already
knows who the Avengers are so there's no
registration but by the time this movie
comes out how many other movies will
exist sure this universe they'll have
nonmutants Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch
but I can't legally call mutants oh
really
even though they're mutants yeah they
can't legally behave you all the views
that was so weird the word mutants is
part of the x-men which I thought was
that but like they but they don't own
the rights of the word you mutant as
related to superhuman you know blah blah
but however they work they cannot call
the mutants
that's interesting and they can't say
that their father is maybe though which
is a huge part of their real story yeah
they're now now they were made by Nazis
or whatever sure so they can use the
characters somehow they are able to use
the characters but they can't use any of
those specifics yeah okay they can't use
their backstories or the all the mutants
characters are part of I'm assuming
they're part of the Avengers franchise
but their backstories all involved
things that are part of your x-men
franchise how did the rights work out
with that they could do that it's like
rights or so it's a bit confusing when
it comes to that shit yeah yeah this
dick nutri was on 20 minutes
oh the commander yeah she leaned up to
my ear I could feel the heat of her red
lips slowly she whispered I want to come
I asked her where
this is a good one too she sat down in
front of me and said I need a hard man
for a hard job and I said how did you
get in my house gonna be and I said no
that's a different type of job oh yeah
absolutely and one that most people
would not buy 20 of someone is saying
according to nebulous them Joss Whedon
and Zack Snyder came to an agreement
wait Zack sighs I had nothing to do with
this you're full of shit you're full of
shit
according to them who according to them
about what whack oh that's true fart
barter for 20 wants me to bring up the
recent there's a there's a mobile phone
game called candy crush oh yes I can
Rush's saga and so they have been trying
to trademark things like candy like they
weren't candy in the title of a video
game their trademark oh god the word
saga so that game we did for the show
the banner saga about Vikings got sued
by candy crush saga oh that's bullshit
because it has the word saga in the
title that is complete bullshit yes I've
heard of things like like someone is a
Marvel or DC technically owns the word
superhero believe that's DC that is
these
I've heard that before I hope the ship
doesn't burn to death with microwatt oh
my god get him back I think it's cooling
down I keep getting eye on everybody go
I keep getting high on did you meet did
you win him yeah no good and I know the
the movie the eighties movie night of
the demons the original title for it was
going to be Halloween party because it's
about a Halloween party sure and the
producers of the Halloween series like a
Meyer series threatened to sue them that
kind of makes sense though no but all
the weed is a holiday I was just that
was gonna be my counter-argument but
like if you think about Halloween in the
sense of a movie you think about
Halloween yes that just seems kind of
shitty to me but at the same time they
call their movie a holiday yeah exactly
look it makes sense that I'm actually in
that case it worked out because Knight
of the demons is a better title yeah so
ignore everything I just said
the real Quaid to remind us all that
Lucasfilm owns the word droid oh okay
which is a true thing it's a true thing
which is just weird
yeah well I think it made the word right
I don't think it just picked the word
droid they just that's like short for
Android it's your hand right yeah I
don't I don't know if anybody ever
usually would use before our I don't
think so what I'm young I've been wrong
plenty of time that's a good question
that's a good question
oh hey fleshy patch let that one sink in
thank you for subscribing quick super
appreciate it
and your name is funny to say so thank
you for that
you will wellyes food speed no one owns
words they have trademarks in respect of
respect of specific business usages yes
yes and Jack Burton 87 hey this name do
you get that reference Jack don't it's
big trouble old China yeah it has been
ages
oh my god I do that was me
yeah that was a real holy shit you need
to re-watch the picture of a little
challenge absolutely
I remember an evening should have a nice
to have a little shine tonight yeah okay
we'll do it here that sounds great fuck
oh my god rich oh you're not terrible
trouble
no but I'm annoying anyway oh did they
subscribe they did subscribe
oh yes jackford naked Evan thank you for
subscribing I got this drink I just
wanted to talk about Big Trouble in
Little China we super preciate it and
Jay really appreciates her name it made
him think about a great movie that was
all myself later too
like a lot of people talk about how they
grew up on that movie and they watched a
lot as a kid I never saw it as a kid I
didn't see it so I was well into my 20s
oh my god face even cutie pie that's too
much that's too much Technodrome sorry
he had a whole story
he's like a paragraph oh no this guy
it's not worth the trouble okay oh the
ship does this is this foreshadowing to
the final boss sir ah my z-fighting czar
he's got those stupid drones that super
attacks he's got two of them
oh and some of the drone to shoot your
lasers now yeah yeah those marks appeal
thank you for subscribing we super
appreciate it also Thank You octo J for
also thanking the subscribers cuz I see
your name more often than I see theirs
nothing's getting through this is fury
so is the word alien copyrighted for
movie titles that might own too generic
that's nothing this - there are movies
with alien in the title
one thing that's an Ericsson alien
there's one I know there are ones I
can't think of any other top of my head
but I think that's probably too generic
probably because Halloween is like it's
a horror movie about Halloween's if
you're making another horror movie with
Halloween in the title I can kind of
understand really would think there'd be
some confusion sure so Oh a lien seed
that's a great can see there you're good
I don't think they were thinking about
anything but they made alien see if you
probably you know it is it's probably
against copyright to call your movie
alien yes so you can move use the word
alien in your title that's right
are they saying duh aliens that's
totally unrelated we're being called
aliens kind of it is sort of under like
a lot of ways tonally emily is one of
those ways
can i animist primal is wondering if he
can use the name Mr. Plinkett in shin no
oh no I think he was asking like the
legal ramifications yeah probably not
specifically if your character is
similar to that of the movie reviewing
Mr. Plinkett definitely also we
appreciate it
oh no he says fuck you guys I'll do it
anyway down oh you got us don't ask when
you're just gonna do something that just
makes you neither oh hey KRV slug thank
you for subscribing we legitimately
appreciate it I know I say we appreciate
it a lot but I really do all the time I
don't want my words of appreciation to
lose their value
Herbie makes me think of WKRP in
Cincinnati um we're gonna show ya was it
a good show I have no I I know I watched
it but I was so little I don't remember
watched it too I don't remember if it
was good I just thought that it was a
show yeah yeah the opening is good why
the song I don't even remember the theme
song I dunno it was on that show was
there anyone that wkb in Cincinnati yeah
that was a lady from that's one of those
shows where I can't remember a single
thing about it but if I watched like a
clip of it on YouTube it would all come
maybe from the Dick Van Dyke Show you
did not watch the Dick Van Dyke Show no
that was before my well reruns no me
neither
so do you want Steve and I watch the
midnight show Mary Tyler Moore WKRP no
the Dick Van Dyke Show
yeah yeah what he's saying the lady from
the Dick Van Dyke Show was on w care B
which is Mary Tyler Moore but she was
not on W Anderson honey thank you think
maybe that okay yeah they're agreeing
with you
she wouldn't totally be played by Pam
Anderson though if there were a remake
not now not now I guess I guess you're I
haven't seen a picture of Pam Anderson
in like ten years so I won't eighty Hey
there's a horrible beast of a lady she
can't be shown in certain lights because
people will see what she really looks
like that's what I heard from me
my god we shot with her for one of our
videos oh that's right in the end a
high-five my Super Bowl so you've met
her I have met her she was horrible
so we our producer talks to her people
okay and and they're like we mean yeah
we won't would like set this up and she
was like you can I have five minutes to
shoot this in my hotel room between
friends time and in order to shoot with
me you need to have a ring what oh my
god because those those special ring
lights that illuminate the all around
your face of no wrinkle shit okay in
which our producer did what all
producers did it said absolutely that's
no problem you did not have a ring and
so we get there and we kind of like
rigged our own like awful four-sided
like we're holding lights oh my god and
she was late very late yeah to meet with
us I want to say she was that she was
well she wasn't late that's the thing
she told us to come to her hotel at a
specific time she was up in her hotel
but she would not have us up for like an
hour and a half okay
when we got up there she was just drunk
and walking around should you be saying
these things enough time has passed okay
he can talk about it I'm very worried
that my Pam Anderson story is gonna get
hey guys everybody listen here Chad this
is all a joke
don't let Pam Anderson get ahold of this
well we don't care then you can continue
okay was it no well you know so so we we
set up our light our janky-ass lighting
rigs and she doesn't even like one of
her helpers one of her handlers
there is that point and we're like
what's like a ring it's kind of in a
circle exactly lights in a square and
work it worked just the same she didn't
care so maybe maybe I didn't like her
maybe it was her handler so maybe that's
it okay you know what I'll pull back all
right perhaps it was Pam Anderson's
handymen who was being an incredible
asset someone on their side who's being
an incredible asset making us wait a
very long time yeah and it's not like
they were doing anything they were just
up in their hotel room drinking after
Jane points out a good point just say
allegedly allegedly before it's all
alleged yeah Pam handlers is a normal
thing you say except it's not allegedly
it actually happened it happened to me I
don't know who's doing it she might not
be to blame I guess is what I will say
that's fair handlers is like what you
call like her manager or whoever's
helping them bigger celebrities have
like assistants they have people to talk
to and managers a publicist yeah and you
call them handlers as a we call them
yeah so someone on her end it was
fucking us around and if you jack
everybody has me and so you know
nobody's heaven Yasmine Bleeth story
since 1999 are babies you finish your
story
I do have any ask me boy story I know
you I moved back I moved back a couple
inches and I got the webs again I'm
sorry so we get up there and you know we
try to come up with a bit with her and
usually you know we just we get to a
location and feel out the location to
see how we can best get the guys do the
high-five with the celebrity
yeah and it's we always try to be as
quick as possible we get in there and in
her very large hotel room there is kind
of an entrance area and then there's
like a livingroom area and then off of
the living room area there's doors to
presumably like bedrooms and bathrooms
she would not or her handlers she or her
handlers would let us past the entrance
area I remember that from the video
I remember she's like right in that
front entrance area I want to I want to
ask the channel court commissioner do I
go with full sheets full shields are
full engines I'm sorry jack I'm sorry
are you ripping my Pam Anderson
two-player game I know she little
engines full shields are full engines
Jeb this is an important question so
important of shields is the first
shields shields shields okay we got we
have four shields shields I'll take it
I'll take it
Pam could be in the living room but we
could not step through the living room
so we had an incredibly limited space to
shoot our bit in and we're like oh you
know what maybe like the guys could get
on the other side of the the couch and
like pop up or something knowing no you
cannot do it and you know like someone's
bedroom sure liya where someone holds
their clothes where they sleep that's
completely this was a place where they
couch into TV excuse we did not ask you
you know like on a similar note we shot
with Jack Black and he let us get into
his bed oh yeah they were like tickling
bed yeah and because we came up with
this little tickle joke and we're like
what it would be funny if they're
tickling you and all of a sudden he goes
you guys want to do
bad don't you and we're like what he's
like you want to tickle me in bed and
we'll put the sheets over I had never
liked no but that sounds funny
that was that was his addition to the
base he invited us in to make the thing
funnier different different strokes my
friend I'm assuming I'm assuming he's
not as concerned about his appearance
sure sure but what about but like
another I can't I don't want to say any
names
this is getting way too complicated yes
Stevie Nicks Stevie my Stevie did you
know I didn't turn the job I can't reach
as the mouth-to-mouth it to me or write
it down
text text message me this story well
because it's it's another lady's and
then you know it makes me sure yeah what
was it like working with the famous Bob
Curtin you mean famous actor Bob Turk
yes he is always a pleasure and always
gives almost always gives 110% what is
he not given hundred ten percent and the
very beginning he was we saw Bobby
curtain who is one of the guys in the
high five videos who I love to death and
it is forever a best friend of mine we
did it one of our firsts I texted you
thank you
oh we can talk about it we're gonna talk
about Shakira anytime you want okay
Shakira was lovely
Bob turbine the the big hike we did the
first high five in my cousin Jake's
mom's backyard and up here in Milwaukee
not a big deal right Bob dirt and drove
up from Chicago to do it the next one we
got was high five Hollywood
in which Funny or Die flew us out to Los
Angeles so we could shoot with
celebrities and famous Hollywood
landmarks right it was actually one of
the it was very early on in the days of
getting celebrities in web videos this
was before celebrities knew it was okay
to be in web videos and so the biggest
challenge was convincing them to
anything doesn't that doesn't matter
we're talking about boxer famous actor
bout through yeah one of the bits we
wanted to do was Bob get in a spray tan
oh yeah if you remember in the video his
Bob is getting this spray tan and you
happy because that's an LA thing right
like being tan we wanted Bob to wear
tidies or like a thumb we wanted him to
wear skimpy Underpants cuz that would be
funny yeah someone else wanted him to
wear what is referred to as a cock sock
oh sure which is what the men actually
wearing there which is literally like a
bag to put your cock and balls in and
that looked too weird sure but we wanted
him to wear tidies well like that would
be really funny if you're wearing tighty
whities in that she gives you the spray
tan he refused and he just rolled up his
boxers okay I can understand that
someone who's a working actor yeah being
concerned about their image in that case
I can understand if that's not what he's
going you just wanted him to wear that I
mean just saying what you're trying to I
mean his character that they have
characters okay his character is the
more is the vain one
is the usual address that bird one night
yeah it would make sense that he had on
Titan okay
he didn't want to do it because he had
cuz if I asked him to do the same thing
now he would go full new oh really
cuz he's committed now oh that wasn't it
that's not the image I want out there it
could have been that but you know maybe
he's changed he's grown now and he
wasn't you know we worked together long
since then so here he would trust me a
lot more to make to help him make that
comment about certain always gives 100
so jesse was asking about shakira story
that was the lady to be unnamed in case
i had any bad stories and i do
she was love well no but that's what i
mean like there's a difference between
someone like a pam anderson type yeah
who is concerned with you know how she
looks and stuff like that and then you
have someone like she care it was
totally cool
yeah not only was she is she kind of
like just the comparison shakira was
totally cool
like she gave us her time and she
literally only had a couple minutes like
we were down in africa and we were
making this video to raise money and
awareness for schools and south africa
which was and Shakira was part of that
charity organization so one she's
awesome she's trying to get children in
Africa educated and I think that's great
she gave us all the time she has we knew
we were at the school shooting with
these kids at the school she showed up
for a couple minutes she was just taking
a tour of all the schools that her
organization had helped help set up and
this was one of her stops we had her for
five minutes in between his signing
autographs and saying hi to people and
Shakira is big here but in other
countries like Africa Shakira is God
like you know she still took time did it
in one take nailed it
just you know she was also rather short
you guys want to talk about Richard Karn
if I could talk about Richard Karn all
day we did reach out with Richard Karn
for one of the bowling videos I wanted
to shoot with more with Richard Karn
oh you know what I'll say about Richard
Karn he did not want to wear a plaid
shirt because he was just in a different
video wearing a plaid shirt and that
video was gonna be released around the
same time and he's like I just did a
plaid shirt bit so I don't want it you
know because obviously I'll Borel and he
did the plaid shirts he's like I just
did a plaid shirt fit I won't do apply
it sure pit but he did bring his own
bowling shirt for the bowling bin yeah
so prepared man he after we shot we just
hung out for a little bit chatted he was
really nice yeah are you oh my god I
didn't even know you're on the final
boss
yeah you're too busy telling stories
about stupid ass celebrities I'm Cyrus
oh is everybody in the crew compartment
dead no no the main the main area no no
for them that's excellent
you haven't if you kill the entire crew
fuckin I'm gonna leave one alive oh
great hey Owen McGarrett
thank you for subscribing I super
appreciate it
we're chillin and you're on normal
difficulty yeah
yeah this is normal this is not easy
this is not easy for a certain
definition of Richard Elvis delmas
Richard carnism thanks man I'm glad I'm
glad you got to me who the Martha
Washington I do have a great smashmouth
story cuz I'm some body wants told rich
isn't even listening cuz he's too busy
being boss at FTL no nobody's ever done
this well on normal only rich I'm sure
other people have been have you played
it hard at all no I'm frightened he's
one man easy easy peasy that was
tactically just brilliant yeah yeah I
hacked a hack there there there Monday
and then I sent my man's over and then
whenever they would get a little hook
they run for medbay
then when they ran in the medbay I'd
turn on the hacking and they would
actually killed them yes that's tactics
my friend so they can't see my finger
waggle when I say that tactics my friend
nice alright alright what's next they're
just noticing that you took no damage no
during the first stage of the boss
battle alright alright tip for people at
home yeah give it your your first target
on that ship is always that fucking
middle launcher okay okay the missile
launcher will kill you it shoots out
three missiles at a times it's they go
straight through your shields and they
do like two or three damage for each
fucking head so it's the the second in
from the right the second from the right
and I always beam guys in there kill
that fucker take that weapon down as
quick as I can
yes okay that's good to know
that's great the middle Lunger the
middle this is the middle finger to your
ship it really is well so it well it
depends on which hand no I mean like
like this yeah I like the insulting
gesture well you say if you guys look at
the ship now it's the second loan I'm
about to be my man just is right back in
there good here record right here
John kilo asked what who is the biggest
celebrity I've ever worked with two
names come to mind one is gonna be a fat
joke though John Goodman I should be
ashamed of yourself more so because John
Goodman was great he not only was a
trooper he came to we were in LA
shooting the the celebrity bowling video
and we asked him to be in it and he says
one he said yes which I mean fuckin John
Goodman yeah and then he just came to a
buddy's house he would he told his
bowling stories and chatted with us and
was into our bit and then will Ferrell
yeah so and the first time I met him he
had seen the first hi-5 video and we
were we went on the set of step brothers
that he was filming at the time and he
knew we were coming
don't see rightly I don't like anyone
talkin I hope there's no bad part of
anything I thought that there's no bit
there's no bad part of anything good
I've heard a story you've heard that
from someone else
he no he came in to the area we were in
will and
was singing the song from the first hi-5
video and we hung out and chatted with
him for a while I've worked with him a
few more times since then and he is just
in general a really good guy we were we
did a I was on a commercial shoot with
him and it was very guerilla shoot and
after the shoot all the crew and him and
the director and everyone got and we're
watching the day's footage and just like
everyone else he sat down and just
watched all the day's footage and
laughed at all the jokes and like
started working out new jokes for the
next day and just so not only the most
professional man ever but just liked to
hang out and laugh and dbits he's the
man who likes to do with bits so it was
great yes and out of it so besides John
Goodman and Will Ferrell the biggest
celebrity I've ever worked with his rich
Evans yeah
nice tell you when you were - John
Goodman you really blew the opportunity
to have a Big Lebowski reference it was
a bowling video the fact that he's in
with the video he's done so many things
literally did - bowling and Big Lebowski
we could we we brought up the idea with
him to put him in an outfit
Walter check hey we we brought up the
idea with him to put him in a Walter
outfit and he was hesitant okay and so
we did not push it market 0
um you know we we took his he was he
doesn't do anything right doesn't he
just stand there no he he makes the
strike Oh does he I don't remember he he
bout he bounces it up to Nick who then
who then like kind of aliens it down
bounce it down okay he's a big part of
it and he helped to work out like the
physics of it like took place in the
the trampoline and everything go use use
a good part of it I don't know who John
O'Reilly is I know who john c reilly we
we took his hesitation for the Walter
that was this thing like we were like
we'll do whatever you want yeah I guess
the fact that John Goodman agreed to to
be involved with it - oh so John Goodman
isn't a bowling trickshot video
yeah yeah let's just call that away sure
so I guess fuck you okay we were you
know like with with every celebrity we
were very aware of like making sure
people knew who they were
yeah you know that's that's a general
concern in any of the videos that we do
because it's so quick yeah until this
one would end of it that one yeah where
I didn't recognize who it was that was
there's a couple there was a couple may
just be my ignorance on who the person
is to begin with but and there may cover
a couple names that were like you know
people might not recognize Jason
Mantzoukas oh yeah I did recognize him
when I can see a lot of it you might not
recognize Damon Wayans Jr he danced at
one maybe I got a pose that was but I
don't know I didn't know who he was at
the time period you know yeah
Damon Wayans Jr was awesome he did the
one where like he bawled under
it was really fun that one took a while
to get and he was a trooper yeah because
you know we always tell you like I'm
trying to make it quick but obviously we
want to get it and like we did a couple
and we knew immediately that it was
gonna take a while and take him away to
junior we were just like do you want us
to think of a new bid then make it
easier he's like fuck you I'm not
kidding he's a man he just got in the
zone where he's like no we need to get
this shot yeah he was great also the guy
from the other guy who I didn't even
know I still don't know his name I want
to say his name is Jack something he's
in Boardwalk Empire I don't want to
numbers like um I don't watch Boardwalk
Empire but he wasn't Steve Buscemi there
was not Steve Bruce Cammie was it paz de
la Huerta okay definitely that's the
only give you the light over there
I've never watched it his name might
have been Jan just jack no Jack
something he'd play if you never see
I've never seen Boardwalk Empire but
I've seen mocha tracking videos on how
they do his makeup because I'm a nerd
you see the guy wears like the half-mast
the half bath okay okay that doesn't
help me with his name but I know who
you're talking about
yes okay so whoever that guy's you use
everyone was great that's good everyone
was great all the time
even you should I felt super bad the
first bowling trickshot video got big
because Chris Hardwick tweeted about it
Oh Chris Hardwick ooh who does the
nervous sure
is well in the hollywood one yeah
we were really Oh Jack Hudson is what
they're saying hustin Jack hustin well
good for him so it was very important
that we get him in the video because
he's in LA and you know he helped us out
and we we rambling yes good job rich I
felt really bad
the USS heart barber thanks to the
valiant effort of the USS fart barber um
a game yes
RIT wins rich wins right up the pooper
after the way those days started I'm
very glad with this with that first run
that first run was just a comedy of
errors sometimes that's what you got to
do you just got to just start over
score oh that's that's one of my highest
ones nice well that was one of my
highest yes I have your new high school
top top that shit it will never happen
only second place with the SS Matt
Hannah yes I took the SS Matt Hannah dr.
Jay has most jump survived
nice suit Berta's most repairs Thank You
SIF burn I think with bone was from a
different run for combat kills
oh yeah the yellow is for this room
right great hey great job crew it's too
bad that the SS Smash Mouth didn't make
it as far I got you three unlocked
damage acres that's great
did that get that got us a new ship -
yeah cuz we got a bomb sure tip oh maybe
I go to the hangar

[Part IV]
welcome back I turned off FTL you
probably noticed because we're gonna
play something else
blue screen of numbers it's funny ah oh
that's that's their actual stars instead
of weird error okay yeah we're gonna
we're gonna get this ready for you guys
to see
actually
wait I want to probably hearing it Jack
did you know I just be deaf to y'all I
tip how you just beat up the house
climate sure I knew that I knew that
rich don't you worry about nothing and
by the way you did great thank you you
did a great job you guys probably want
to see what we're playing there you know
what they're all going nuts for
pictionary it's not gonna happen
not gonna happen tonight pictionary is
gonna be its own special thing we're
gonna play telic which deck has been
playing Taylor glitch and loves the shit
out of it and I'm gonna turn the volume
down cuz it gets a little kiss a little
odd oh I do want it full screen though
there we go it's the same for you guys
all right we're gonna play time' glitch
jacqueline so much it's gambling telling
which is very similar to another game
mechanic wise binding of issac o in
which yeah it's a twin stick shooter but
it's set on an alien planet after some
some zombies and some apocalypse happens
with teleporters so it's pretty awesome
also you can have scan lines if you want
apocalypse with teleport plc you know
what you'll see okay here we go working
on a master chop order that could
transport you anywhere
unlimited distance race we thought it
was minor glitch but it quickly turned
into a nightmare the facility AI became
aggressive and the military robots
turned on us the space of the complex
started warping rooms and hallways would
randomly reorganize themselves as if
following some sort of twisted pattern
I decided to see myself in here and wait
for help I've been hiding out here for
weeks but nobody came and I am running
out of food my only chance is to use the
regular teleporters of the facility to
get to the master teleporter and then
teleport myself back to earth so it's
all procedurally generated oh that's
neat yep and you're this little guy the
and you know like a twin stick oh you
know what there's something I need to do
there's an option that I find really
annoying which is this adaptive zoom
we're gonna turn that off
so now I'm a little further away which
sucks but the adaptive zoom can really
fuck with you so you know twin stick
shooter one right stick aims left stick
moves yet you start off with a gun if
you see up here I have my 9 millimeter
pistol
these are bums and this is an empty can
and there's crafting if you see here 2
bombs could make it more powerful bomber
okay so you can craft stuff so you have
to kind of pick through every room and
craft stuff to shoot you hold down the
left trigger and aim with the right I
see that little line now you can shoot
but of course bullets are very precious
so we we don't want way some you could
also stand people if you just press the
right trigger without holding down the
left it's the same like this is a
roguelike you have to meet it one life
because that's the definition of
roguelike you fucks so this guy I can
take it I'm just gonna I can get away
the static heimeau's thing I'm assuming
that ammo is very important just facing
one enemy oh yeah nice see it like you
see that little glowing thing so that
means this item I can pick that up so
that was something I don't know why
also there is no music in the game
there's just the sound effects and it's
very eerie to play ok very creepy that
looks neat next also if you notice like
when I shoot like like so it kind of
warps a little bit like the world warps
and the colors warp it's really neat it
has a really neat aesthetic to it so I'm
really enjoying playing that I wasted
bullets I'm blowing out that and I kind
of like that but that's - you don't turn
me I'm doing pretty terrible but I'm
also pretty just new at the game in
general so they're like mutants like
they're multi-legged mutants that's what
I want to say and because I used my guns
they can hear me now so they're coming
after me from other words it's a
survivalist kind of thing very
survivalist very you get me for killing
like an FTL if you need this crap no no
it's all about survival kids sometimes
they'll drop like a can of meat that you
can eat
so also you'll notice my menu here you
can cycle through but you can also
reorganize very easily yeah so like I
like to put you know you can you can
kind of do that to reorganize so got my
shotgun now which is great
wait so I get some more stuff and I'll
show you like some of the crafting
options it's really neat dr. J asks once
the next prereq gonna be up anytime soon
it will be up soon I was just talking to
Jay about scheduling and I am going to
I'm gonna really push out the in it so
hopefully I can have that edited will be
done later tonight prereq yeah
absolutely I'm editing it right now
while you're playing the game while I'm
playing the game I don't believe you
know you should
but seriously will it be done later
tonight no I'm gonna have to fire you
again
you can I'll just keep coming back it
will not be too nice I look forward to
seeing it I will say after seeing some
of the gameplay
everybody Jack needs that meat thank you
and so like you'll notice I just say two
can meet ya know Ivan empty can
I can't craft anything out of that yeah
but ya know I'm so far I'm all the
footage is in I've started editing I
maybe I maybe ten percent done with the
edit but you know like I have all of the
stuff in I'm not 10 percent down hold
there is a lot to edit there's a lot of
rich and I had one of our longest
conversations ever make it two parts
because why not
there's no reason is there enough to
save to merit that we'll see okay we'll
see there was a couple but what video oh
I have an extra bit of the guacamelee
that I might want to put up as a
standalone just a funny like off it yeah
okay so do you see these colors over
here on the left
yeah that is the Telugu inch that's
leftover goop from the teleporters if
you walk into that you got okay
so right now it's fenced off and this
will just die alike Oh tell a glitch a
spacetime anomaly alright these blobs
start showing up and if you walk into
them you're dead ends do okay the neat
thing is you can like what do you call
you can Matador the zombies into them
this is hobby something else are you
basically referring to those things I
think they're all this kind of them okay
so but yes I'm looking forward to
editing the new episode can I talk for a
while
and so far I think it's funny the one
the one is not spoiler I will not spoil
the review the one thing I will say the
thing that's hard about editing this one
is rich and I did not play the game
together here at the studio we played at
our houses separately in the dark with
headphones on to make sure we got the
full alien experience yeah and so
there's nothing you know there's none of
that footage to cut two of us you know
playing together and so that makes
editing a little hard somebody wants to
know we can't tell you that
that's boiler OH
so here we go here's some stuff I'm not
going to grab this but so like I could
craft it I have nails and bombs like a
crafted nail bomb once you start getting
more and more sip you can jack
apparently I'm winning you're winning
riches in the lead with ten votes for
what I have no idea but I'm winning and
that's always good right what do you I
don't know I mean yeah it's good for you
and chances I'm in the lead with ten
votes congratulations thank you I I
worked really hard for that thing that
got votes gonna eat a meat now here's a
great thing so I can push my empty cans
into a plate
and I want to do that right I mean I'm
really happy for you rich I think you
deserve to Lana and I think I think it
couldn't happen to a better guy the
polis who has the best laughs oh it's
definitely rich why is that even a pole
that's dad Oh voted for Jane and I think
ho asshole is just mad they died in my
first FTL run tonight yeah
yes okay so much like much like other
games we play this is the teleporter I
like the look and you get to choose your
fate you know whether you're which one
you go through I want to I want to clear
the room before you donate oh yeah yeah
the look is really neat the world's
really neat I love how they do this
shadow thing uh-huh you know because
it's top down like the shadows move
really weird it gives a really eerie
vibe to everything I just came instead
screen and had like a funny look on his
face and walked away
yes yes yes that's kind of expected when
Michael looks at any video game this is
a weirder one so I expect I expect you
to look at this and be weirded out Mike
you don't like it now Mike doesn't like
it that's a review of this game
Richard kicked me off the ship and I
still think he has the better way I
apologize
rich game he was an honorable discharge
yes
honorable honorable district on herbal
district I gave you your own ship that's
true yeah that's true
you you you did not destroy the ship you
just beat it so I guess what you're what
you mean to say is thank you for giving
me my own ship
spare a buck grades I have not gotten
any kind of dick the birthday boy poster
and any kind of mail there's a dick the
birthday well somebody says they sent me
one
we have nerds yeah when's the last time
you guys got the mail
but last shit the first ship rich Oh
rich opened the doors and watched me
suffocate that he's got a crying face oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry there's nothing
personal
when riches captain he needs to worry
about not only each individual crew
member but the the ship as an entirety
and the mission no I did that because I
was pissed off at the game oh that's
right you're forfeiting you fuck I was
the I was ready to defend you oh you're
totally wrong your actions is we have
that was that was reprehensible the
mission comes above all else rich it was
a lost cause
sure rich past the officer test quicker
the Detroit did what's the officer
doesn't know she was like taking none of
the command tests on the holodeck no I
don't it was like that was like the B
story for that episode in the end she
realized oh she had to send somebody
deaths can to send Geordi into the
radioactive tube sure to Priya okay did
you fail that that's didn't you that's
the very end she got it no after she
realized she had to murder people
goddammit who's gonna lose too much
health on this first level here as
Captain Picard should have done at the
end of Nemesis five seventy nine years
old aren't item aren't I the best one to
go over here I have an invincible
Android that an insane Klingon warrior
but I think I'm the best man Riemann's
an invincible Android that's the truth
he's an invincible Android
oh don't go in it rich would kill
Geordie in five seconds Oh tell if it
meant saving this shit I mean been
saving the ship I like Geordi
yeah you know what I think Geordi
remember like all those weird ask Geordi
storylines where it was all about him
getting ladies and it's not like we
don't care about that I remember the one
where you turn into a like a chameleon
creature what it's not turning like an
invisible monster some way mission he
was um years ago apparently infected it
affected him with something that was
just it's manifesting no oh as sure as
area yeah the convenience this happened
a long time ago yeah okay you know
there's just so many episodes they all
blur together not all
the glitch and they all default no no
that wasn't the episode that they want
with devolving people that was the
Voyager episode where they went past for
10 and for some reason when you go past
warp 10 you devolve into a salamander I
think like what's-his-face was the
pilots name I mean Tom Paris time varies
and Janeway went an experimental show
craft they went past warp 10 and when
they came back they eventually turned
into salamanders and they being
themselves down and like a swamp planet
and they had salamander babies so they
don't never go past worm time it's turn
into a salamander that's right oh my god
what kind of fucked-up show is that
Geordi was mutated into a chameleon man
that's different that's different way
different that's way different
here's my little running guy he's gonna
run all the way over here I don't check
the people box that's Jessie's job man
right we're at the mercy we're at the
mercy of our boss question how do I use
quotation marks you say shit that's a
you know what that's a good question
you could really look it up Oh pick up
now for every somebody's screaming that
they sent me something in the mail games
and a poster where is it Jessie when did
you send it
I'm waiting for a response all right
rich they're saying you have the dick
the birthday boy poster in your house
there is apparently addictive birthday
both listed poster I'm not saying
anything
rich yeah do you think we should go to a
plankton farm which is an abandoned
sector or the military biology saying
what are the pros and cons I have no
idea
military biologists up goddammit know
what plankton I use the thing just oh my
god your things I asked rich your thing
just did a thing I'm thinking you have
to move your mouse everyone's alright
yes you did just ask that's rich and so
it's not like I'm not listening to you I
just you know I was came in I want to be
fair it's rich cuz I asked him I'm not
sure if it's the same person but
somebody said I sent it last Thursday do
you have delivery confirmation also
Monday was Columbus Day I said yeah
everything's two days now so keep that
in mind
and where is it coming from yeah that
also matters I know a lot about mail you
know a lot about mail yeah have you
played this game would you pretty much
know what you're doing or no I I haven't
gotten past like the third or fifth the
third or fourth level the third or
fourth stage I mean I kind of understand
what I'm doing but I don't know enough
to to know which is better going to the
military zone or the blanket from I
believe the military zone has tougher
enemies but the plankton farm has more
of them how do people know your stuff
they're on the bottom of the website you
got like scroll all the way down there
is an address for a few parts and any
any weird shit you want to send us you
can send it there and reason and in in
theory Jesse will pick it up but that's
just in theory of course you are maybe
not maybe that maybe she'll just take it
home and put it on her own wall take the
birthday boy poster Mike what is the
name of the Jordy turning into a wizard
man episode
degree Mike thinks it's the enth degree
no no that's not it that's not it that's
not it
that's the already turning into a lizard
one yeah we're talking about that
episode that's something right cuz cuz
it was like that his old crew was old
ship yeah yeah yeah they all had like
some sort of virus yeah transmit
transform into species that's how they
multiply
we're also talking about the episode
where Tom Paris and Janeway turn into
salamanders yeah I forgot about that and
then they the salamanders go to a planet
and have salamander babies but then they
turn back into humans and they're weird
they rain salamanders but Janeway in
Paris feel weird about it
very very legitimate salamander that's
horrible that illegitimate well but
they've they disowned them right
basically yeah salamanders don't get
married
beyond salamanders it was an
evolutionary okay this is DNA got paid
for charge because it wasn't a squirrel
time these are real thing I don't many
of those usually when you talk about the
plots of Star Trek episodes I'm like
that actually sounds interesting I need
to watch this but this is the first time
I'm like I'm not watching that
somebody's saying identity crisis that's
it that's it okay we have my
confirmation yeah what season one of
those dumbass seasons you know
season three and four not fillers it's
the most because people always say this
series is good from this season to this
season what is that four three four or
five yeah why is that the scouts like
yeah three and four specifically primary
for us was people turn it into
salamanders and having children on
another planet and then coming back no
no that's my boy I know that's what you
guys were talking about the stuff they
know that is dumb yes
how about Chakotay as the boxer at
boxing the boxer is the worst episode of
television that's yes that's really the
epitaph of Voyager isn't it there were a
lot of dumb Voyager episodes you know
what it's thermo potential yeah yeah
they start off with potential and then
they threw it out immediately yes
they're these two disparate crews and
how will they ever work together
Oh everybody's just Starfleet now yeah
everyone gets together along just fine
there are no problems and we're a
regular Starfleet crew and we're gonna
go on adventures in the bland zone they
should have never called it the bland
zone but it's where the shit started dun
duh duh but instead of Klingons you have
what the fuck they call that the Kazon
oh sorry
that was pretty rough to him fuck you
guys in fuck Star Trek oh no oh my god
what the hey Naboo felt our thank you
for subscribing we super appreciate it
then I'm wearing the headphones now and
so I just heard rich say what the fuck
in my headphones and it scared the shit
out
but but that is very helpful for telling
us when subscribers
jace joke was so bad at me everybody
leave China have a nice night thank you
you gonna say goodbye to everyone
anytime but I don't jace joke was so bad
that I'm unsubscribing that's ok this
this stream just got an awesome this
stream is exactly how it always has been
it has ups and downs just run away well
I have to kill them eventually you have
to like what's the goal which level here
to get to the total okay yeah we got a
Carol behind you the whole time they'll
chase you faster oh you care cuz I like
to like to explore like to explore
it's like a sticky bomb there that good
nope this this does look interesting
maybe not as interesting as pictionary
well like fix Ares gonna be its own
special thing papers please
we're somewhere entertaining them so
much they want to go to paperwork yeah
virtual paperwork I completely agree
with him you should go play papers
please
well you know and we're not sure if J&J;
might stay so I'm not sure like talk
about anything
what do you want to talk about you know
I talked to all during the year I feel
so terrible I don't tell stories good
this is your job no we don't need no
talk good you have to tell stories now
you get you get the important job of
carrying the focal end of the stream
while I deal with the visuals go there
once was a lady from Venus oh my god and
she was kind of shaped like she's kind
of shit did dick neutral who just
subscribed thank our subscriber who was
it oh thank you
Corwin Chapman they're subscribing
we appreciate your your patronage two
fingers girls two finger oh that's a
weird bit make it makes perfect sense
trackpads are unnatural you're weird and
unnatural but I guess you knew that
can you guys hear them they're they're
planting something in the next room over
you know everybody's talking about dick
neutral talk about how you talk to your
fiancee and to marrying a hack fraud
she's she's blind actually look he's
stuck in the corner oh she thinks I look
like Jackie Gleason which is fine
because she has no idea what Jackie
Gleason looks like either Jackie I don't
know that's a weird reference it was the
first fat person I can think of the
first person I thought of was Jackie
Gleason that's why I mean that's weird
Kevin James no I would not like him
Kevin James first let alone at all sure
true that I think Jackie Gleason
occupies more space in my brain than
John Goodman not but I don't like John
Goodman sure good adios bye guys I mean
he was he was smokey George scalp I'm
terribly watching the first smokey the
bandit was in high school because my dad
had it on VHS hmm and it got to the
opening credits and it was some like
really corny country song and I was like
no so I didn't get past the opening
credits of smoke Wow Wow
it was anticipated to be the
highest-grossing movie of the year came
oh yeah what will he be here was it like
that well then I don't know Star Wars
okay I was gonna say for any question
like that the answer is Star Wars except
for every other year in the history of
film that's the only fucking piece of
Smokey and the Bandit trivia I know I
don't think our audience is interested
in hearing Star
Orr's facts I want to hear more about
Smokey and the Bandit yeah the only
Smokey and the Bandit trivia I know and
this is the depth of his journey but
there was originally the idea the first
idea for smoking the band at 3:00 which
I don't think they could get Burt
Reynolds back for oh there is a three
but it doesn't exist in this form but
the original idea was that it was gonna
be called smokey is the Bandit and
Smokey and the Bandit would be played by
the same actor that was their original
concept for the film
yes I mean sounds great and that's a
piece of information that is revealed
when they're in heaven and Bill and
Ted's bogus journey and they're playing
sure oh yeah with Albert Einstein
Einstein thought my guess is it yeah
which is such an obscure thing like cuz
I heard that the movie I was like what
are they talking about and I actually
looked it up later well in the movie
they made it was a snowman the other guy
I was was pretending to be the Bandit I
think even had a fake mustache I
remembered I wrongly myself part of the
movie on cable and there was a guy with
a faint Burt Reynolds my gosh I was like
is this what they've resorted to hmm I
never saw the movie those movies I
didn't care yeah how about that gone Ted
three you know lightless journey oh but
here's the thing
I will I mean it's probably gonna suck
but the guys who wrote the first two
movies are back to write it
they're already written it and the
second movie is so weird that the idea
of doing a third movie with them old it
could be weird and interest okay okay I
have very you know I'm very hesitant
about I'm not certainly not gonna get
excited about it but it has potential
because there's so many weird things
about that series anyway also it's not a
pressure thing no it is a for-sure thing
it's not a for-sure thing
Keanu Reeves just did a reddit AMA and
they asked him about billing tens
oh and there's apparently stuff that me
it hasn't been like eyes dotted t's
crossed s-- okay
it's funny the mood they've been talking
about for like 10 years yes it's an idea
that's my floater there are some rights
management issues that okay resolved
yeah what's Keano doing these days you
think John we're on a wick oh that
horribly generic looking action I don't
know do you mean what his famous actor
cannery is doing nowadays whatever the
fuck he wants using the 47 Ronin he
directed a movie about Tai Chi or
something pity the man of Tai Chi
actually heard he was good the man a man
of Tai Chi I've heard the title he
directs a bit okay I heard it was good
who's Alex winter he's the other guy
there's bill nurse said he's Ted or bill
he's built this cannery
oh go oh great was it a good documentary
yeah I neither rented the movie frites
have you not seen freak freak freak
Randy Quaid's it oh no he well he did he
is he started as an actor Alex winter he
was in villains head he was in The Lost
Boys oh he's in Death Wish three and
then he went on to be more of a
filmmaker you did a show for MTV called
the idiot box like a sketch comedy show
there's a little scheduling between
music videos huh that was weird and kind
of interesting cool
and then he directed fries which is a
kind of a cult following it's a quality
movie it's very weird is that the right
mode freak show I haven't paid too much
such the chance but I'll have to Jay if
there is something not cool going on in
the room you bring up that van hammer
yeah buckle I'm looking at the chat
either but fuck them I don't know I just
saw octo Jason not cool okay yeah maybe
a sake maybe sucking on a frites
so octo Jay if you have a problem with
freaks then I got a problem with you
this reef is good the other Bill and Ted
guy yeah yeah yeah Alex would are ken
Reeves is actually in that movie it's
the dog boy what's his uncredited L
Twitter
yeah how do you feel looking at what
happened to Keanu Reeves career
they'll attend movies with him whenever
Bo buddies yeah how do you feel about
yourself well he's gone a different way
he wasn't interested in acting after a
while he became more of a filmmaker I
mean he's just done documentary about
Napster's okay he's been doing behind
the scenes yeah he's taking a different
career path that's Faso
I'm sure he's he he is fine if nothing
else he's got that sweet Billington
residual money but no he directed
freaked and Keanu Reeves did not so that
in my eyes makes him Brianna Reeves the
one about the freak show people yeah
octave J says we don't see things I die
mr. t plays the bearded lady in freaks
come on there's a character who has a
sock puppet for a head that's voiced by
Bobcat Goldthwait it's it's great it's a
quality movie I haven't seen in a long
time but I remember thinking it was all
right okay i-i've heard of it I've never
I've never seen it well it was a movie
that it was supposed to be released
through 20th Century Fox it was gonna
get a big release and then I guess the
the people in charge of 20th Century Fox
changed between the time they started
making the movie and by the time they
got the post production sure and whoever
the new people I came in were like no
Aaron didn't get like a wide release
yeah it may have ended up being just
directed video or maybe got a really
really tiny theatrical release was this
it was it was unseen for a long time was
this like clerks time this was most
clerks probably a little before clerks I
want to say it was like or maybe writer
on the same time very early 90 sir so
kind of like Reservoir Dogs yeah
probably I can't remember exactly sure I
just remember reading articles about it
in film threat magazine because that was
the thing name and there was an e
special number II the channel yeah I
really do a show channel it is but it's
completely different now but back then
they did the behind the scenes thing on
it while it was still in production it's
like wow this might be a pretty big
movie
then it just vanished and then it
finally got dumped gun video free free
good freaked as in the act of turning
someone into a freak
they got freaked freaks is also movie
about service free yes that's a movie
directed by Tom browning that's an old
that's an old black and white movie
that's also pretty interested that's the
movie I'm thinking of okay now frites is
much much later Alex winter did not make
the movie freaks in the 1930s well made
in the 1930s I just thought it may be
like they were you maybe that looks
older no no no freaks is an actual old
movie freaks is an old movie about too
many like Jill stop brownies career
because it was so shocking and offensive
to people okay yeah that's great for him
no not for him it's an interesting movie
though I heard that's the one I've heard
of that's a me Jerry rich whoever what's
the worst day of shooting you've ever
had and why Lou oh man I would really
have to think about that I've had so
many is it every day every day
okay I remember one of our whatever old
high school movies I was playing a
bounty hunter and my costume consisted
of black boots black black jeans black
sweatshirt a vest of black overcoat and
a helmet and we were filming outside
during a heatwave hi I would like to
take the helmet off and I would
literally like poured the sweat out yeah
and that was for something that nobody
would ever see because we were still in
high school
Oh someone mentioned gorillas
interrupted is that the worst no I don't
think the source for me because I was
the one that
get sick everybody else got saying you
know it was mercifully quick but I guess
they're asking for the best worst days
the worst days there were single day of
shooting oh man I guess this has to be
gay or just like worst shooting
experience maybe it's answering however
you would like it's interesting
discussion all right I'm trying to thank
you cuz I I'm miserable a lot what do
you shoot I really I don't have fun when
we're like when we're doing a larger
shoot I usually get stressed out and
annoyed at everything I'm trying to
think of the worst shoot it might be the
recovered there was one day of shooting
on the recovered where we shopped for
like 14 15 hours straight and it was
down in the middle of nowhere it was
like a 90 minute drive outside of
Milwaukee so we finished shooting at
like 3:00 in the morning and then still
had to drive back to Milwaukee that was
pretty terrible that was just just like
fatigued and hungry and tired so maybe
that one well what did the Evil Dead
episode of the bag that was along it was
covered with all kinds of fluids and
blood all day and that was that and
where was it cool it was I just ice-cold
because I was covered in all kinds of
fluids it might have been that but that
was also when the smoke alarm went off
in the studio yes which I didn't even
know a fog machine could do this but the
fog machine set up the smoke alarm and
we couldn't get it to stop so that is
that was that was a long day yeah that
wasn't no audit that was a long day and
I was only here for like half of it yeah
you should've up halfway through and we
were there to come and did you show up
did they no now we we um we got the
thing to shut off finally but it took
some doing
Jack why did you have a response were
standard today oh my god you know what
was a really bad day of shooting not my
worst day of shooting but what was a
really bad day was when some people that
I know had me be a zombie and it will be
called now I am here to help
I'm always here to help my problem with
feeding frenzies day I was Larry the
zombie son of Mr. Plinkett and Jay had me
show up I'm gonna say late morning early
afternoon for the shoot and immediately
I went into full zombie makeup yes I did
not shoot for maybe five hours out and
so I made a full zombie makeup including
my hands I can't help with the cameras
cuz I can't touch anything I can't read
the book or play on my phone wonder I
can't do anything cuz my eye everything
is covered in zombie makeup and so I was
incredibly bored yeah or just like
sitting on the stairs yeah yeah that
entire show theme is higher feeding
frenzy shoot was us under estimating how
long everything would take yeah I have
Murray every single day was twice as
long as we expected it to be yeah I
remember one day I spent almost the
entire time sitting outside because
we're filming in a house where they had
a cat yeah so I can't I don't my my line
as quickly as I could and ran outside
until it was time for my next take yeah
also hello hello how are you doing
but somebody wanted me to say hi

[Part V]
let me just say I I will say it the out
of the opposite end of that the best not
day but the best shoot ever I'm gonna
say is still even though I mentioned it
is one of the worst shooting days the
entire shoot of the recovered was
probably the maybe it's a thing we're
late cuz I've always heard this like
when you're shooting a horror movie like
behind the scenes people are laughing
and joking more and you're shooting
comedy behind the scenes is usually more
stressful and intense and I think that's
the case with me too because the
recovered was we had a I I think I
laughed more making that movie that I
have during anything else we've done it
was long days but they weren't stressful
so that was yeah I guess the key is to
make depressing to our horror films
because then you like more fun behind
the scenes yeah it was just like a super
I mean it helps that 9sv is one person
walking around a house but yeah but
there's not lots of complicated things
having it but no is just a super easy
movie to shoot and except for the fact
that the days were long because we
didn't have you know too many shoot days
but that's a good counter that's a good
counters Mary Jo I've heard that before
too from other people that shooting
serious possibly violent horror movies
there's usually a lighter mood behind
the scenes and there is trying to shoot
comedy sure because comedy is hard yes
it's tricky to get get right it requires
more focus and thought maybe not thought
I'm gonna say focus cuz it takes thought
to do horror to of course
I it does is he as mean bleep and space
cop
yes someone was asking for he asked me
and believe the stories earlier I might
well I guess because Pamela Anderson I'm
Baywatch right I remember when I was the
music manager when I was the manager of
my college radio station as we've talked
about here in the past I got and the one
of the records I was sent was called the
devotion of Yasmine Bleeth
okay because when she was on celebrity
jeopardy one of her the question was
like what is Devo short for short for
okay the band Devo yeah
what is that short for and she said Devo
Lucien okay not de-evolution devolution
devolution and they gave it to her what
yeah yeah well in is Devo actually short
for something the band the evolution
that is what Devo is short for yes I
don't even know that oh but she didn't
say the evolution she said Devo she said
devolution which isn't a thing which is
nothing okay
I never knew that about the band Ebola
it was short you know what I'm gonna say
that as if I know okay I thought that
was just the name of the band I'm now
I'm hedging my bets here and saying I
might be wrong but I think I'm know I'm
right okay well if you're wrong I then
guarantee you they'll tell us they're
absolutely going to tell me about what I
believe I'm right but so so that was the
name of a record and in the song they
used the little sound clip of her of her
getting that answer wrong okay
that's why yes I see he has me in the
lead sorry he was in bass ketball
damn right you are that's all I got what
is that flashing is that something
computer monitor yeah oh no it's from
the game it's so bright
yeah okay you'll see in a second here
it's actually a really neat like a
separate RGB effect it's just so bright
like flashing on you because they're not
looking at the monitor you'll see in a
second ready yeah pretty bob says Jay is
always wrong it's true Oh No what are
you wrong about I don't know life
decisions
wait knowing the jack is always wrong I
said devolution you're right about bad
movie plots sorry yeah I am
Oh have we talked about my superpower
I'm sure we've we've done right on the
show okay
Jack has a superpower this is Jack speed
no matter how many people are talking or
how incomprehensible movie is Jack
always knows what's going on have you
seen things Jack you know what was going
on
do you hate things because you know
what's going on I don't think you do
know what's no one knows what's going on
in things
there's bug creatures in the house
that's all you know they hate things
things is amazing I hate things with a
real passion that anyone who's seen
things knows we don't really take
recommendations we review my review what
we think will be interesting to review
and we have so much shit yeah that log I
guess we take recommendations in the
form of people sending us tapes and then
we find one and say this looks like good
would be good for the show yes if you
have a recommendation send it to us
don't tell us send it to us yeah that we
are more likely to do something if we if
we have a physical copy or it's like
okay yeah we can use this on the show
yeah absolutely
but if you send me Knights of the Old
Republic I'm still not going to touch oh
you mean video games dude I think he's
talking about mug video games
oh sure yes
dressed on us so oh it's still yeah
still like especially like for the
streams like for the for the show I mean
Richard I obviously will always make
that call but for the streams if you
send us them oh yeah but the stream
anything we're always looking for stuff
to play absolutely stream
recommendations I guess there are
perfectly fine still more likely to be
still more likely to do what if we're
sent something something absolutely you
know speaking of bad shoot days I have I
have an Africa story okay suck that you
got flown to Africa to make a video okay
that's yeah I understand that but no
Africa was great ever go is super fun
the only um
why because I'm gonna have in a new
place and I don't know where I am and
there could be bad guys anyway would you
say this is scarier than another game
we've played recently yeah yes by the
way I'm more tense playing this any
other game I've recently played so we go
to Africa we we were flown to Africa by
this organization that helps raise money
and awareness for building schools in
South Africa oh you weren't alone there
by Funny or Die no no that was
technically a branded video okay and you
know so the video was to help you know
raise awareness for this organization
that raises money and awareness for
schools in South Africa South Africa was
affected by the apartheid which you know
was crazy racism yeah
against Africans in Africa right and so
these school system is all on a wagon
it's all craziness but we get there and
we know we're driving through
Johannesburg
and like it is it it's a you know it's a
third-world country it a lot of it is
really rundown and it's just like oh my
god we're in Africa yeah it's crazy
right
and it took I don't you know 14 hours to
get there we had to go to London and
then from London down to the south of
very southern tip of Africa yeah crazy
long flight so it has been an incredibly
long day and before that I had to fly to
LA oh oh god I had to fly to LA so I
could fly with them to London yes and so
we're getting it's it's us it's it's me
I I'm you know the director - high five
guys and our producer and and our
contact there our one goal contact one
goal was the name of the organisation
and we were driving through the city
we're like oh my god this is great and
and we're looking like at one of the
buildings and the our contact is like oh
they just had like a huge drug raid at
that building like cops were called
people died like oh my god this is real
this is a real serious thing yeah and
then as she's pointing out this very
tall building that some really bad stuff
just happened in the car turns and our
hotel is right across the street oh
Jesus
and the people at the hotel start
looking at us yeah as if we are not
supposed to be there and we're just like
I don't know how I feel about this area
and you just look around there's garbage
everywhere we're at a bad part of town
yeah and we asked our driver and all the
drivers all the other taxi drivers are
coached by the country because
everyone's coming in for the World Cup
they're supposed to be really nice let's
take very highly of all of Africa
because the World Cup is there and we're
like so uh this hotel is this is this a
good hotel and he goes well
I would not stay here very clearly
absolutely so yeah we get assured away
we find out later that are being flown
to Africa was a very last-minute
decision from the one goal people yeah
and there might have been a purposeful
razzing of our hotel location okay where
where maybe someone set us up at that
hotel to be like these guys you know
they're not helping they're a bunch of
jokesters or what so maybe they were
doing a dukester thing ER or maybe it
was just a simple mix if we don't know
for sure yeah but uh it was rather scary
I can understand we ended up having to
the four of us sleep on the floor of a
shed in the house of the of our contact
at one goal so we got to sleep in a shed
and I do not I'm not exaggerating it was
a shed it was a shit yeah
still great sure you still got to go to
Africa I've got to go to Africa and I
had a really super great time that's
great but a little scary
oh jesus fucking christ oh my god they
shoot you
they shoot too apparently had somebody
who's saying
that could be ghosts I just wanted you
to know that
absolutely do you have this chance
Africa story and with MCN smashmouth
that's well that's uh no that's not the
plan
I'm gonna try don't follow well okay
I mean must have been somebody wants us
to do our LM movies on best of the worst
I'd be done and I think would have to be
done by people other than us of course I
could do no no you have to find likely
get the RiffTrax guys to make fun of our
movies you don't know what I wanted to
do I wanted to send our movies to leg oh
and a member yeah that's like emerged
that could be interesting
would be fun wants to I am fine with
that I mean we ripped him a new asshole
that's true yeah he punched our faces
that were printed on papers yours first
of course I guess I shouldn't say of
course but it was your face and he
punched first I don't know what prompted
him to do that because I said to meet
his things
okay looking back at the episode I
watched I watched that Halloween episode
before he came yeah just to be like what
did I say yeah I everyone was being
polite
no people like you were being the
harshest but nobody was being but by the
way it needed to be said and after I was
harsh then everyone else was harsh only
after I was harsh
I don't remember that being the case
maybe it is but either way everybody
people number one were nice about him I
want to say that Mike and rich each said
something about his movies that were a
little ambiguous and they honestly don't
remember I'd have to re-watch this man I
came in it was like a listen so I'm
saying I deserve either way point being
one is a gracious and kind man yeah you
do not let those martial arts I just
want to make sure you know that one is a
gracious and nice guy who is able to
roll with it yeah thanks very true that
is very true and I think I think there
are not just filmmakers but there are
like creators creative people out there
that cannot take criticism oh yeah
and Len Ken yes yes and so funny man
I'm Twitter today when I mentioned my
love for the remake of The Blob each I'm
didn't say that he likes it too so there
you go great guy you heard it here first
people both what and I like the blog I'm
just gonna play again
I was on how late we want to go I'm
gonna dribble Marjorie I haven't eaten
since three so you should have a well
you also get up late yeah I do I do
I'm gonna give it one more try
just cuz this is a game that I've been
really doing alright there's a trailer
for lens new movie is there blood
mercury yeah Oh Oh the you sure no one
coming out yeah whatever
oh yeah yeah yeah he was talking about
it when he was here I remember now but I
remember a l'heure is out I thought
there's lots of Dutch angles and shaky
cam I can't wait well that was the one
that he had shot before what was it he
was in the middle of shooting it I think
like he was shooting it on and off when
he came here I thought that was one no
it's not the one that you shot before
that was a ninja prophecy of death that
was one thing he shot before skull
forest and it got held up for whatever
reason yes everyone is out now but no is
new on big areas obviously if death is
that yes okay these are the important
things
did you prophecy of death we watch that
watch them if you were here you might
have been here I forget we watch a lot
that's not one of his best no no my
minor can sense its minors one campuses
anyone can possess key is special sure
is true well you know the we just
watched kind of something on the Len
Levitt the other day and like lens
movies are special mm-hmm and you you
watch other movies at that at that his
filmmaking level you're just like oh he
really does put something extra it is
it's the it's the kungfu it's yeah it's
the reason that we started gravitating
towards this movies in the first place
cuz we watch a lot of movies made at
that I don't want to call it amateur
filmmaking it's about that but
micro-budget yeah Mike Roboto was shot
on video some sort of horror elements
which is the newer movies are so much of
it ya know there's definitely something
to lensman these that make them stand
out more than a lot of that other stuff
if you want to send us things to stream
my steam name is Charlie ch ard and Jack
you're still harlech right
har-har la CK I I believe both of our
friend lists are full oh you know I'll
go home tonight and I'll free up some
space I I do I take a little time every
week to try to free up some space
how do you free up space you you need to
they made it like a fucking video game
you have to level up and buy things to
level up not buy things you don't have
to put on technically you don't but if
you need to want to do it quickly yes it
was it was a neat idea on Steam thought
were in order to get extra stuff and
more friend slots you need these things
called trading cards and some games come
with trading card that's not stupid
it is I hate it and the way to get
trading cards is to either buy them or
trade with your friends and then you
like if you and if you collect a certain
number trading cards for every game you
level up and whatnot in this who's it
wasn't and so if you talk to your
friends and coordinate with your friends
you can all super level up all the time
especially if I'm playing the same game
but who has time to talk to people so
what you end up doing is selling the
cards you have for pennies and then
buying other cards for pennies yeah it's
complicated
alright it's really complicated I don't
like it nope and I don't know if anyone
does I don't endorse it I don't know if
anyone does but that's that's the world
we live in
they're gonna do what they wanted to
only cast off
can't stop with the gaben I'm not gonna
remove you I'm gonna guard stuff that's
all open space yeah
sell some cards for pennies buy some
cards for pennies that's how you do it
we send them money me thinks no send us
plenty of the best games are any games
I'm sorry said send us whatever you want
they'd send us whatever you want there's
like one good Triple A game every two
years laughter Jay keep saying funky
forest question mark hi I have not seen
funky forest yet i co J I'm sorry I
don't even know what that is it's the
thing I think he's recommended it before
he's talked about eventually I will
watch funky forest I have not done it
yet we're busy people and when we're not
busy I'm marking the blob remake it was
great it holds up so well there's some
Halloween stuff in the pipe yeah yeah
we've been working on
well you just what is love today now
yeah the Halloween commentary is out now
which I was very excited to do because I
love Halloween and then yeah there will
be some other Halloween things coming
soon so we've been we've been busy we do
like bad old horror movies yes yes what
are you implying
cuz I know what we've been doing and I
don't get it you will say I've seen some
comments that are like complaining not
complaining but not understanding why we
did the original Halloween is a
commentary track and saying that it's
boring so they're like something you
gotta look at it in context well people
don't like because they think it's
boring think Halloween is boring whoa
the movie Halloween yeah and that's
where you're like you know you gotta
look at it for when it was made that's
like saying the original psycho is
boring you're a little psycho is cliched
or something that's like no the cliches
didn't exist before Halloween neither
you gotta look at it in that context
everything needs to be fast-paced yeah
hyper or hyper fast quick that's I guess
and I think I think I even talked about
this on the commentary but I think it is
just a case of there's been so many
ripoffs and so many movies that have
cliche that you know they have used
these cliches that didn't exist before
Halloween like they weren't cliches and
Halloween it invented them so you have
to look at a movie in a historical
context near Halloween is a classic
movie I I understand I here's the thing
I can't believe they're complaining
about content no it's not no no and I'm
not gonna say a lot of people are
complaining but I've seen comments that
are saying like I don't understand how
you could like hold things like that Oh
see that's the thing where it's like I
find older movies I know you find them
boring boring I but at the same time I
understand their importance sure
and so it's okay to find that boring but
you have to context absolutely right
it's like not liking Ghostbusters
because there's no CGI or something
stupid yeah that would be dumb I'm sure
there are people that are like that no
yeah there everybody I can guarantee
there are people like everybody likes
Ghostbusters the God make it so they can
do it right yeah everybody likes
Ghostbusters and nobody doesn't like
Ghostbusters come on
everybody flat plasma-wave I'm looking
at the chat now maybe I missed something
earlier but are you saying not a living
death as a ripoff
as a joke are you serious
probably there is the last man on earth
the Vincent Price movie was basically
never living dead right it was yeah I
mean George Romero has talked about how
I know the resurfaces story was an
influence on my living done but it's not
the same story no no it's this the idea
of what if these ghouls started you know
walking around I think I think that was
a gyp let's call that a joke that's a
funny okay but I couldn't tell well
sometimes you can't tell in the context
of just text on a screen that's hard to
tell
let's give him the benefit of the doubt
okay but Coleman because my name is Ed
is probably the only movie I would be
more excited to do a commentary track
for than Halloween if we're talking
about horror movies because night let me
dad and George Romero are especially
George Romero is a huge influence on me
growing up I have to ask this just
because I'm curious question is what
rich inject do the better PR GE next
year what the hell is the PR GE if you
can tell me what the PRG is I will be
less confused PR PR GE
I'm trying to figure it out I'm sir I
think they're fucking was that's a real
possibility okay plans my way now I see
your second comment and I understand the
joke
let me dead is writing the zombie craze
we're not in the retro gaming expo even
I use that course where we're all up on
Portland news here in Milwaukee I'm you
know I'm not even super into retro game
just like not fine I love them but I'm
not like it's the only thing I'll play
will go anywhere people pays money to go
nobody would pay us to go to anything to
not attend will do that to you want to
give us money to not attend please send
a money order to
I would like to go to an expo I don't
you know actually I don't know if I
would like to go in I expose me you know
maybe one of the backs is like like this
is this is you know a bid style because
I think largely because that's easier to
make yes but I wouldn't call this a
retro game I can't think of many classic
games like this no you know the kind of
the top-down twin-stick is not you meant
you got to dig further down it's not
look look past this can be aspect of
this this is this in this game make
roguelikes 20 years ago except for rogue
I guess yeah but another man and even
roguelike is not like a modern day the
road yeah
even rogue is not about of a roguelike
haha FTL there was never an old game
like FTL
come out with this as you yeah I think
people see the 2d yeah and think they're
all just retro throwback switch not true
this this game you guys you know what I
was never doing it on the stream here
and you're watching me play but the
atmosphere of this game is something
incredibly real though the lack of songs
the the sound design the it's it's also
Erie's it's retro is like like shovel
knight is retro because that is triangle
in every way stylistically and
graphically you emulate a classic
Nintendo game you owe on unabashedly but
this just isn't like that
hey what are they complaining about it
something settle down and I'm just
wondering if that's why the the port
runs retro gaming expo thing came out
they think we only like old I don't know
I don't know what they think there's too
many of them Oregon Trail original rule
like that's that's really funny what
that's really funny because it's very
true stroke around the chat a couple
days ago if we played Oregon Trail you
constantly complaining about the
cutscenes Jack Jack Jack would say don't
tell me I died of dysentery show me
through gameplay
first of all it's Truman dang ass game
with with text prompts takes takes a
special game to get me over that like
FTL no I will read all of the text in
FTL and enjoy the shit out of it
Robotron 28:20 84 didn't have a survival
aspect though that was second I was like
I think it just a flat-out shooter no
sure
oh is it like a thing yeah this is looks
like more slower paced more managing
health yeah being careful
no there Robotron I think was just kind
of chaotic
yeah there were twin sticks listen Smash
TV was was out there awhile ago but you
know yet it's the mashing it's the
clever mashing of genres that leads us I
want to say this this by the way this
game I believe is a one or two man team
this might be just one dude all right we
went to the military last time and I'm
okay with that I just really wanted to
play this game I will play Triple A
games when I think they look interesting
yeah yeah Grand Theft Auto 5 I've loved
every Grand Theft Auto they've made or
so that's a very common I'm not over
there you know the processions creed 18
well first one kind of bored me I don't
know why the 18th one would be any
different I like
for I like to admit to the first
Bioshock that's a triple a game right
last yeah I know BioShock Infinite
there's a lot of aspects of that game I
like and what I don't like
not that what I'm talking about yeah
yeah I don't care about the infinite
don't care about infinite you know the
Mario Kart Nintendo's almost a separate
piece though it really is Nintendo games
are Nintendo games if not triple a game
there's there's still triple-a all right
monster fire shop is not the best game
ever
gosh I have infinite it's not the best
game rubber Kombat
I think is moving like I'm sure I wasn't
that far lot of story elements are
interesting and some of them are full of
them full of themselves a bit dissipate
see how all this weird imagery but I
don't know if they're really saying
anything about it like like I said that
weird founding fathers as as religious
icons and I mean that's that's a neat
weird thing but don't really go anywhere
what are they trying to say what does
BioShock Infinite friends
it's very proud of itself for being
clever with with parallel realities
they're very proud of themselves for
being clever yes oh oh how they enjoy
their cleverness
like a like a like a like a cat everyone
story over done I can't I can't make
analogies well a giant monster he tries
to kill me
yes duck face as a shooter BioShock
Infinite it is awful well bad I almost
like waffles going to BioShock Infinite
I think my problem with it is it feels
pretentious it's a fine thing to say
about it then I think that's it I think
that's a correct thing to say about them
you played infinite okay a little bit
you know what didn't finish it stop
caring yeah a little bit I played I said
I'd get this game done yeah because you
know time is a really valuable thing the
ways in which you spend your time there
just backseat gaming a game he has never
played though that was the correct move
and I mean for anyone listening I was
hey hey I beat FTL I'm not alright
rich could back sigue me all he wants
I'm gonna I'm gonna listen sometimes I'm
not gonna listen it's gonna be a whole
thing yeah jack is free to disregard my
advice when I rather play Bioshock is
knit or Mass Effect 3 BioShock Infinite
I have complaints about BioShock
Infinite
I don't outright hate it I just hate
Mac's game somebody just asked about
that is there a Mad Max game they just
came up a new one
that's what they're saying probably you
should play that because Mad Max is
awesome I bet the game would be
disappointing if it's just a long
elaborate car Jason
movie times are generally not it's not a
tie in any recent movie I don't know I
can't really say for sure because I've
never played a Mad Max game but yeah
it's like that world is supposed to be
mostly desolate
sure and in order to make it a fun game
there had to be things going on all the
time but but in order to be Mad Max
accurate
you have to be just kind of largely a
barren wasteland well this is the long
like chase where you got other cars
being in here or something I don't know
I don't know about games or designing
games nice like Mad Max so they could be
fun to play a game in that world it
could be there everybody else out there
has already said everything there is to
say about Mass Effect 3
I don't they can't get enough of the
hatred no I would make a separate video
but I don't like I really have much new
to add yeah fire any great insight
because we could make the official rich
Evans primer for Mass Effect 3 no like
and then what we'll do is anytime in the
chat anyone brings up like your thoughts
on Mass Effect you can just link them to
that thing yeah rich Evans not gonna
thank you yes okay you have to move the
mouse line once in a while right the
computer goes to sleep I can do this I
believe
I am NOT going to play the new Dragon
Age yeah so canned Rose if you want to
hear some Kevin Smith hate listen to
what was the what was the stream Jack
were we talking about Kevin Smith oh god
it's labeled if I I when I export them
to YouTube in the comments there you
know in the comments of the video
description box in a description that's
not in the description I label some of
the things we talked about and it's
labeled clearly ok it would have to be
one of the more recent ones right it
wasn't last week I didn't move that to
youtube yet it might have been oh it
wasn't Octodad like later octave head
good maybe cuz I know we weren't talking
about it while I was playing Noctem bad
right I don't remember but there is if
you look on the prereq youtube channel
you may be able to find a stream where
we we talk about Kevin Smith extensively
oh yeah
for I can't talk about him anymore we
already did we're done we're done with
Kevin Simon because you know why your
time is a valuable well will there ever
be a more disappointing than game than
Mass Effect 3 for you rich no not at
this point I'm on guard now but I'm
permanently on guard
is it the Phantom Menace video yes yeah
okay
looks like I'll never with Phantom
Menace it's like I'll never trust a
movie I guess just like that okay
basically yes you have no idea how much
I was I don't know I I don't know
anything about massive else no I want to
make this video now there's like like
after I played Mass Effect 3 I just felt
like there was a depression in my heart
other games rushing well it'll be like
your it'll be like a rich Evans quick
cut Oh Mabel we'll call it something
like long bitch rich Evans long bitch
I ate Donuts if you want to hear us
talking about something we love you can
to the just-released Halloween
commentary direct look at that available
not right letter media that guy yeah we
talked about things we like all time in
history also we do like the blob I
already watched the blob that's great
it might be one of my new favorite
creature movies oh it's great yeah I
watched it when I was a kid and I hadn't
seen it since and I just re-watched it
and it holds up great also like we're
not there when we are playing FTL one of
the greatest games ever made I don't
know if we talked about it but like also
like just when we're playing quietly
that means we're enjoying it yeah
because that means we're engrossed
enough in something to not bitch about
it yeah which is better the blog remake
er this stuff the blob remake the stuff
is kind of crappy is it yeah it's not
very good hey creeped me out as a kid
better you watched it no well we're five
years ago I was like this is bad
Mass Effect 3 had a decent ending would
your opinion be different if Mass Effect
3 had a different ending it would be the
return of the Jedi of Mass Effect not as
good as the other two but at least it
did well enough noctem fuck Wow okay Wow
alright so it had problems more than
just the mundane yeah okay cuz that's
how I know I've heard you talk about how
the MU is for mana cause the worst
aspect yeah that's what I've heard all
that you and I seen some other stuff
about that but I didn't know there was I
think so
the the main story of the series is like
largely neglected because they focus
entirely on like the B stories it's
weird like that and other things
forgive a good
nighttime 68 I am aware of the guest
it's not playing anywhere around here
but I really want to see it it's the
follow-up from from the guys that made
your next no one in this room knows I'm
talking about sorry your next is great
but yes I want to see the guest but it's
not playing anywhere around here sorry
part of the trouble of living in
Milwaukee yeah we have to fucking tusk
plate here why can't we get the guest
the guest doesn't have a suite podcast
draw that's true
Kevin Smith is more of a draw than the
guys that made your next let's see
what's your next
it's a deconstruction of slasher movies
that came out last year okay it's very
clever and very good you've talked about
that before probably I say that's good
that's good to know
it's always nice to know what good
things are Hey look talks about another
good thing Jay are you aware of the film
raw force 1982 aka kung-fu cannibals
just came out in blu-ray is insane
it even has a cranky old Cameron
Mitchell oh well you you had me at
Cameron Mitchell we may have a copy of
it here I'd have to look at our VHS rec
we may have a VHS copy of it raw force
it's called um it scrolled up for I
could read the rest of it that's oh yeah
I see it real force um the trailer only
hints at how crazy the film is okay yeah
we may have a copy of it I haven't seen
it I'm always up for Cameron Mitchell
yeah absolutely loves that fucking dog
have you started putting some funds
aside to build rich and new gaming rig
if we got another check from them sets
no no we got we haven't gotten one since
I mean it that will be the next big
expenditure absolutely yeah oh
definitely next see we are our stopgap
solution was to get a ps4 yeah it seemed
like relatively cheap thing to do with
the money we had up a time Monday at the
time we got ps4 and that will that will
get us that will get us most of the
games that like will come out on on PCs
will also come on ps4 so that was our
stopgap but yes the next big prereq
expenditure will be Rich's new PC so he
won't kill his computer every time I
just checked we do not have raw force so
I will look into this move anybody wants
to send us raw force yeah so immediately
this is important this is very important
I don't know what this really is did you
write it down no but I'll remember it
you probably will I will yeah when it
comes to bad movies I'll remember it
Jack can we get a Cameron Mitchell
emoticon no first we need first we need
a mic oh actually you know what I bet we
had got enough subscribers today to get
two new motor guns oh yeah
so we sure you have a J mic first or
I'll do whatever the fuck I want you
could do that
I don't know I mean we should definitely
get a JMO cop is the real thing because
you're here because I'm here because
you're not gonna I was gonna say it
doesn't really matter we should get a
James Jessie emoticon because you guys
are here Jack can we get a camera I was
reading chat so I didn't hear I
apologize
we'll see how many open I think we only
get three okay a smashmouth emoticon oh
well what the fuck who's that
Oh someone just subscribed you guys
literally J just subscribed although you
are not literally J well your name is
generally J thank you for subscribing
yeah I really like that what the fuck
thing I'm really happy that Nick qqqq
sent me that that makes it really easy
to see when someone subscribes oh my god
there's no way you are literally J okay
fair enough
look well if you look at the dictionary
literally doesn't mean literally yes
sure literally means the opposite of
literally now so but it also means the
the original death so basically really
the word is now useful we're scanning of
useless which is on women but by the way
also true because people keep using it
so incorrectly the word is kind of
useless so maybe the dictionary did good
it literally did good any chance for
multiplayer games on steep Jack wolves
the team fortress yeah you mean
multiplayer with you or just multi
clearing Jeff no idea that's all they
say yeah I know we won't play
multiplayer with you guys I we've done a
couple Team Fortress 2 streams with the
chat those have been fun last one wasn't
so fun because we were teaching rich the
game Wow a waffle tall where is first
moment it's back back it's on my youtube
channel nice it was gone for a while cuz
someone flagged it as animal abuse or
something here but it's back you
subscribe where's that I heard of what
the fuck um no lips McGee thank you very
much shoutouts no lips McGee what the
fuck yeah so so we'll definitely well
the next to the to next emoticons should
be a Jamie Jessie probably Cameron
Mitchell would be fun at the hack front
well thing I'll think of some fun one
you'll come up with something I'm sure
it's hard because you have to you know
they're so tiny
they're little yeah and so you have to
be very they're they're tiny and they
have to be square and so like if you're
gonna do a face which are usually taller
than they are why do you yeah you don't
get a lot of space for pixels for faces
so it's it's something fun we'll see I'm
probably not gonna do a mic one just cuz
he's not here Jay why are there deleted
videos on the best of the worst playlist
YouTube should be okay there you have it
there shouldn't be if they say private
video it's possible it's a
I'm listed patreon video but those I
don't think are on the playlist I'll
have to look into that do you have your
playlist to automatically add stuff if
it has a certain tag no which is the
thing you can do
no I don't by the way is awesome no I
don't have that I'll look into it I
there shouldn't be there's there are no
deleted best of the worst episodes I can
tell you that just never made ones it's
just one set were shot at that will
never be edited or released right and
there's only one of those yes
animus primal says no it says to me I am
no idea it might you know what it might
say deleted but it could be private okay
that could be a thing I've wanted her
which one where where is it
let's go look it up let's figure this
out don't look at it right now
yeah we are addressing the issue live
why the timely manner
could you entice Mike to play Eng video
games he was briefly into Starfleet
Academy
like like 15 years ago
oh you know what I see what you're
talking about I don't know why it shows
up in the playlist there was one deleted
video but all it is is a slightly
different edit of the dinosaur episode
song hyegyo so yeah yeah I uploaded the
episode and had an issue with I used the
wasn't that was open the door get on the
floor everyone walked the dinosaur song
at the ends and they flagged it so I had
to delete it and re upload it with that
song good place so that they flagged up
but not the Jurassic Park theme they did
not plan the Jurassic Park
interesting yeah so that's all that is
it's just it's the exact same episode
with just a slightly different song at
the end so you're young you're missing
nothing essentially you're missing
nothing it's not a huge deal
oh are you missing everything because
that song made the episode it actually
it was really great
oh yeah that's also why the the Paula
Abdul song was removed for the Youtube
version of the animal attack episode oh
that makes sense
same reason they uh they're they're
serious about that flaggin yes you do
they're serious about that flagging and
disputing it for fair right usage is
tough is shit yeah though somewhat Mo's
black eighty two wire early half the
bank episodes have swearwords bleeps
we've randomly bleep things because we
find it funny it's very humor we've
leave it for community value not for any
sort of like censoring ourselves reasons
sometimes it's funny to have a bleep and
sometimes it's funnier to have the
actual swear words so we go on a
case-by-case basis
I just watched horse vomit what fuck yes
the answer is yes that is the correct
reaction for anyone paying attention to
the game right now instead of wasting
bullets I'm just luring all of these
masses of zombies into the tunnel
Illinois which kills them instantly and
I don't have to use a bullet
it was good assuming the same thing
that's probably the same thing there the
I can guarantee there's nothing that is
deleted that is like you're missing an
episode it's all out there someone just
subscribed I heard of what the fuck
rich what is your day job this is my day
job
aren't I a lucky motherfucker someone
just subscribe oh my god Lindsay yo yo
just subscribe Thank You Lindsay lo yo
yo yo yo
yeah you know what Rich's day job is
shouting out to subscribers and he is
fighting excellent triage
we're asking about job real jobs we've
had believe it or not I used to be in
construction before the economy tanked
did I got laid off
yeah oh I think we talked about that on
a stream once too right yeah we had to I
work on a Kmart we've told all of our
stories at this point basically pretty
much there's nothing else to say but if
you knew I mean you know we'll tell them
again maybe not tonight but rich you
were like a pipe fitter or something
classifiers fire sprinklers that's crazy
it's crazy
keep it effective that huh yeah I mean
well that's but you know also I'm
getting dangerously close to the thing
that can instantly kill me too
it is cheaper and effective but I'm
gonna I'm gonna allow it rich Evans is
it true that you're in fact the
superhero dick neutral there ain't
nuttin neutral about my day
no dick neutral is uh who do we assign
to the Stig neutral it's it's either
John hammer Scott back John hammer Scott
Bakula I don't know maybe John Hammond
who's he with I see with anybody I Scott
Perry was with someone Scott Baker was
married to an actress that was in death
spot yeah you were here for despot when
I was not here for this and I'm really
upset that it was not yeah that's pretty
great but he's married to an actress
that was in that she's been another
stuff too but really who cares
outside of festival
will you play alien isolation somebody's
just not paying attention on the
streamer maybe they mean on this here
maybe oh that's a baby
what are you if they don't know it's the
next review for for previously recorded
yeah hopefully in the next week oh
definitely within the next week I'm
hoping I can get it out in the next
couple of days yeah if if I can really
push myself and ignore a couple real
deadlines that I have which I'm very
good at ignoring I'm hoping I can get it
out in the next couple of days we here's
what I will say about streaming alien
isolation usually if we really like a
game we stream it after the episode
comes out we probably won't be streaming
it kiss Hilary but listen you'll see
that I'm editing it right now
what's tomorrow what's today today's
Wednesday
today's Wednesday only only for one more
minute oh okay great
I'll have I'll have some time yeah I
might be able to get done by the weekend
we'll see we'll see
I mean follow me
alien isolation doesn't have pixel
graphics or jackets
say I know I know I knew shit like that
fuck fuck I got too close to the death
goo when is the next
XCOM stream I don't know what the next
one will be but don't be another one oh
I love XCOM too much if either jail you
know
fucking I was doing my move the guys
into the GU thing and I got too close to
the fucking goo
all right at some point either Jax could
continue his XCOM Ironman run or maybe
I'll solo stream it at some point it
will return it will return
in large and I haven't been able to give
XCOM my good a good shake
it's tough you know playing playing
games on the stream especially games
when you're playing for the very first
time on the stream there is this added
pressure because you know people are
watching and you know so you want to you
want to skip cutscenes and you want to
get moving you know just to entertain
everyone but and also it's pressure to
play so there are some games that have
maybe been spoiled for me because of the
stream I'm not saying next time as well
yeah yeah definitely definitely
oh my god what it's called now Dark
Souls Dark Souls has incredibly been
spoiled for me because you assholes oh
such bad advice I played that why are
you doing that was ok I remember that
game yeah you played that for a little
bit you guys a little bit spoiled the
experience for their'n you bad advice
they were giving me purposefully bad
advice yeah not necessarily my thing
Dark Souls but I'd like to get an axe
guy just cuz everyone who I know whose
opinions I agree with on games loves X
come and so I know I would love XCOM
button who's got time
I don't know are you asking me I was
asking you do you know Dan yeah dan has
time oh great okay so guys talk to Dan
that guy hey Dan
he's always got time he's always got
time
Oh see yeah they say they didn't give us
they didn't give me bad advice I was
just bad at the game oh that's true I
played it wrong that's always is it a
combination of the two I mean yeah
obviously it was my first time playing
so I'm not gonna be great at it sure
and that game does require a certain
amount of play until you get good at him
also I think just don't care that much
about Dark Souls I'm sorry I'm sorry
everybody
look yeah see now you got what is you've
got a cobweb
it's a compliment Oh decoration it
latches on being I don't know how cuz
it's cowboy I got a little if everyone
would stop like putting their hands on
the wall you wouldn't get a cobweb on
you yeah why should I ever put my hands
behind my head
you shouldn't I I think for me I I have
like I have two day head stubble and I
think it was getting caught on my head
stumble yeah so I guess what I'm saying
is fuck off
no Halloween decorations you need them
it's true I put up my Halloween
decorations in I know I saw your PVC
skeleton it I'm sorry I just had all
this extra PVC one here because I'm the
kind of person that just has TB see what
no oh no you know what it was I was
building a.m. I was building a frame for
a green-screen okay so it's like an
easily put together the frame to clamp a
green-screen - I had all this extra PVC
pipe so I built a little PVC skeleton
out of cut-up PVC pipe and fishing
string yeah I made a little skull face
and it's great I think it's neat I think
have you seen they're made out of meat
if you're referring to the short story I
love it
they're made out of meat aliens talking
about human beings and I guess the
robotic aliens most aliens are not
organic and they think humans are just
really weird and disgusting the one
Elliot is trying to tell the other alien
that there's actually people made out of
meat and the other one thinks it's so
weird he doesn't even believe it I got
of meat yeah and it's a terrific short
story who run it I don't remember huh
I've never heard of this
are you guys doing another Halloween
half in the bag what's that Havering
spooky what was that was that a ghost I
didn't hear anything
what are you talking about I heard it I
heard like a moaning noise I think pipes
just pipes the pipes in this old
building
yes Oh would you like some more of this
Frankenberry who's gonna be clever oh
fuck all right well it's midnight yeah
I'm done
Jay do I play anything um not really
all right then then we're fuckin done
all right so thank you all for coming
out we super appreciate it if you have
any last-minute things to say say now or
else we're gonna leave the stream very
quickly
would you ever review Tuscon best of the
worst it already came and went oh this
is the worst um oh man do they mean
vessel or do they mean to have in the
bay they might have been half in the bag
but either way I don't know probably not
it slipped through the cracks for half
of the bag and it's probably not bad
enough for best of the worst I have not
seen it I hear it's someone's attempt to
make a purposefully schlocky movie yes
that's that's what I understand yes I
don't know probably not I'll probably
see it eventually just out of curiosity
and the residue of once liking Kevin
Smith
but I don't know I do wonder if if
someone were to watch it and not know
the backstory yeah and again like who
would be a film fan and not know but
like even if they knew who Kevin Smith
was they if someone didn't know that
like it was an idea that came from his
podcast and he made it into a movie and
yeah like if someone didn't know all the
back sorry I wonder how I would feel
about it
well I don't think anyone went to see
that movie that didn't like the only
people who went to see it or like his
fans right his podcast fans and stuff
cuz it was like it came out in some
theaters but nobody saw it and the only
people that did were like his diehard
fans so there are people that are
already going into it with that sort of
blind devotion right right well that's
what I'm wondering why I don't want to
know no general audience went to see
that movie
cuz who cares that's what I know that's
what I wonder like 20 years from now
yeah well there's a new generation of
hip young kids doing their version of
best of the worst oh I don't know and
they come across this old weird movie
called
tusks yeah and I know nothing about its
creation as a man who was turned into a
walrus right yeah well they think that
it's funny or will they know that like
the director and the filmmakers were in
on the joke I don't know that's I don't
know that's an interesting
thing to think about well then you know
we what what who was it was it Josh the
other day was saying that someone
mentioned that wrote or might have been
a comedy
oh yeah he's at saying the oh the cut
like a comment section or something cuz
RiffTrax just did wrote or oh we did it
first went were they spammed with
comments that buzz of the worst did did
rode to her first but Josh was saying
that there was someone that was adamant
in their comments section that wrote or
was a comedy was an intentional comedy
right but I don't know it has comedic
elements but I don't think it was
intended to be a full-on you know one of
the things I think about though one that
when he said that he because he said the
more you think about it the more you do
you think if it was supposed to be a
comedy yeah do you remember the scene
where wrote or just blindly walked
through all the chairs which of course
we thought was really dumb is funny but
I thought it was unintentional even if
that was a joke but then there are other
things that are clearly intended to be
jokes and those fail horribly
yes so I I don't know I don't think so
walking through the chairs in and of
itself isn't enough of a joke I just
think they wanted to convey the fact
that wrote or was single-minded yeah
sure the most efficient way was to walk
straight through the chairs I think
that's what they want
I'm not saying it's a good joke I'm just
saying but it doesn't seem like a joke
of any kind yeah yeah it's to have
strength it's a you know it's a big
goofy joke about yeah about the robot
that walks through the chairs there's
nothing funny about it
well then unintentionally sure it's like
I I counter pointed the idea that it's
intentional company with the opening
stuff and the long track II dolly are
not dolly not painting shots across the
landscape farm the house and just goes
on and on and on and it doesn't work if
that is the intention of that is to be
funny that it goes on so long it doesn't
work in the way that the opening of
space balls works with the ship like
guys forever sure where it's very clear
that that's a joke just showing
landscape is not a there's nothing funny
about that
besides I'm potentially
besides on and even unintentionally it's
not funny it's just funny to talk about
but watching it we were laughing no
we're gonna like get on with it
well we but by the way we were laughing
by the time it hit the long tracking
shot of him walking to the horse maybe
by that point but that initial those
shots that introduced the all of them
together is absurd enough to be fun
I don't know I do not subscribe to the
theory that it was a comedy yeah some
food for thought I guess I am I think
it's wrong yeah I agree sure you know
any other interesting questions in chat
about it
rich close the computer so it's only Jay
oh yeah yeah yeah rich is done wants to
turn itself off they can do that I typed
it in front of you like eight times I
wasn't paying enough attention okay all
right well then we're leaving that's it
but thanks for coming out thanks for all
the new subscribers and all the old
subscribers and all the people who just
came to watch we appreciate you all
