Nov 16, 2014
Mario Kart 8
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43198448
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43198263
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43197566
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43197588
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43197588
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43196510
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3e2bg6y0cc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2kYdu1LpLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x40U2CkmB-g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsvDwsr3x4g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsvDwsr3x4g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLhLjVJTj8w
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/534172506866089984

[Part I]
I have hit the start streaming button
and while we wait for confirmation that
we have started streaming I'm going to
tweet out okay we've started streaming
though we are officially moved to that
one we are officially waiting for
confirmation that we started streaming
oh I see a yay I see an oh shit
motherfuckers so I think that we are up
on the screen so I can see it I know
where she is oh it's a streaming is it
officially a thing I'm going to update
the broadcast here broadcast
successfully updated we are playing
Mario Kart 8 rich say hi to everyone why
Jack is busy tweeting things about
things and I guess we're playing Mario
Kart because what there's new Mario Kart
did there was new deal feed those new
DVDs they send you in the mail
mmm-hmm I don't understand yeah it's
really shockingly low tech for Nintendo
there's new DLC I can't talk and title
at the same time this is a this is a
real problem that I have so this is this
is your job right you're the color
commentator you can't you know I can't
Phil we've gone over this before I know
it yet I still find it amusing don't
dance
thank you oh shut up oh you just shut
yeah so we did a Zelda episode
we did some people liked it some people
hated it but even watching it on the
YouTube comments or at over I lost my
cool with somebody too casual guys
talking about games they're bad at and
don't understand casual shit only my
games are the right and proper games
that people are allowed to play sure how
is that even casual its no no it's
earnest of hardcore hey midnight of the
century is that in your name midnight of
the century yes thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it what
you're rocking well I guess it's cuz I'm
not listening to the stream audio and
I'm not hearing if you're I'm on it
right yeah it's cuz you're not live
that's why it's that's why attack and a
half
yeah the comments have been
overwhelmingly positive I will say for
for once people have really enjoyed our
conversation but yeah still every single
time no matter what there are those
absolute asshats who tell us every
little thing we're doing wrong we're
playing the game wrong 100% of the time
those please I'm so weary sometimes Jack
so weary mm-hmm yeah you get weary um
you know then that's okay I think you
can feel weary oh my god another what
the fuck
feline diabeetus can you read that
subscribe that's a great name someone in
the chat is saying that they're loving
the new artwork for the twitch channel
yes that artwork is great that was that
was all the characters were drawn by a
fan and I added the background because
uh because it looks a lot like they had
a tentacle and we love it and I'm
talking with him about doing maybe a new
like animated intro thing for our real
show because I've really liked the way
it looks and if you're wondering why
rich looks like a dwarf because it's no
no you're you're slightly shorter than I
am but I think I'm tall I don't I don't
know what the average - average like 510
511 yeah I think your average I'm a
little tall see you are significantly
bigger than both Jay and Jesse and yet
you are the tiniest one on that picture
and I love it I see someone else in the
chat asking why we chose to do Zelda -
if we didn't necessarily have strong
feelings on it and I would like to talk
about that a little bit after I open up
this mighty snack oh that's great for
anyone interesting interested I'm
drinking a tall grass buffalo sweat
oatmeal cream stout tonight we're
looking for a variety at least at least
I was cuz we done some new games we've
done some indie stuff we just did alien
which is the Triple Aim figured we'd
we'd do a classic one after that and I I
mentioned Ulta - just because I know
it's so odd for a Zelda game maybe we
just talk about there's anything
interesting and that's that's that's how
we
pick that one yeah yeah it was it was
literally that simple it had been a
while since both of us had played to
Zelda to it no one really talks about
Zelda 2 anymore which was surprise onda
to fact that actually got cut out of the
discussion and I suppose in some way
it's another reason I wanted to revisit
the game but when when I was a child and
Zelda 2 was new one of my friends at
school actually stole my copy of zelda 2
before I could I don't know I don't
think I'd finish the game yet but he
borrowed it and he didn't tell me he was
moving that week so he borrowed the game
and then one day he just vanished
forever with my Zelda to that prick that
what an absolute dickhead that was one
of the last things to get cut was that
little segment about that's why as a kid
I didn't get past the first palace
because I have a tiny broken baby brain
and I can't handle I couldn't handle it
as a child I could barely handle it as
an adult and and rich was rich was
telling this way that was one of the
last things to get cotton yeah I'm sorry
I cut that out I think I think I got
about four dungeons in I was Phil Davis
oh the famous Phil Davis thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate him I
would love to track him out but I you
know I don't even remember his name that
was one of my first questions to you is
what was I think that's funny make the
prereq videos longer please they have
been they've been getting a little bit
longer this one was shorter than the
alien one just because
rich and I kind of talked all over the
place we did not have a structured
conversation as we normally have and and
so editing it together the little
threads together was was pretty
difficult and there were a lot of there
was a lot of things that got cut that
you know could have stayed could have
goed but we had talked about other stuff
in them and I needed the threads more
than I needed that so anyway we will I
mean we'll make them as long as we want
to at first I was trying to keep them
like under 10 minutes and realized
really quickly that that wasn't enough
time though they need to be they're
gonna be as long as they need to be
someone is asking a very important
question rich which is a jack which
razors
do you use terribly important I get
razors mailed to me through harrys.com
they I get a big batch of razors and
shave butter every month and I've really
enjoyed them and if you go to harrys.com
and tell them that I sent you absolutely
nothing will happen because we don't
have a deal with them but but that's
what I use and I really like them yeah
it also comes in a really cool pattern
you know if you really want to hear us
expand upon ideas we talked about on the
show just listen to the street that's
kind of shit we're doing now absolutely
absolutely
yeah I'm trying to think of like some of
the points definitely as I was editing
and here you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna just play some single-player here
while we because I've been trying to
three-star everything as you see both
the 1503 threes I have all the three
gold stars and in both of the new
circuits but I did not do the hundred
and fifty CC yet so I'm just gonna I'm
gonna warm up show you guys the plays
link link is one of the new characters
that you can play as and it's really
kind of doofy seeing him drive a go kart
I'll be honest with you the other new
characters are peach in a cat suit in a
cats okay and Mario a cat like like a
big furry cat so you'll see why would I
want an entirely new different character
and I just have an old character in a
new suit it's honestly just letdown it's
honestly the weirdest yeah and Mario in
a tanooki suit that like I don't care
about the new characters because I don't
have made a million dollars for them
sonic what Sonic that that would be
really funny by the way yes I agree I
don't care about the new characters but
we get we get eight new tracks for this
round of DLC and soon enough another
round of DLC will come where we get
another eight new tracks
that's exciting how much I wanna say was
like twelve it was twelve for all
sixteen tracks so we have a new class
what's what it's gonna cost you to buy a
complete game twelve dollars okay zombie
locust the game hey zombie locust
driving zombie locust we really
appreciate it
highly highly suspicious of DLC Jack
I know you up there's no reason but you
know it's feeling fuckin abandoned the
big game on Italy's no reason at all
well more so there's no reason he just
like needed to be in the game at all
like now like that's a bonus but you
know what we get extra courses and to me
that's worth it 100% obviously your and
eyes idea of what is worth it is vastly
different and I'm gonna be okay then
extra content for a game I like baby
what you view as baby Daisy the treasure
hidden it's a banana
oh yeah yeah I get that I get that like
it's and in my mind its content that we
just wouldn't have gotten otherwise
you know like Mario Kart games come
usually with eight Grand Prix's we got
the eight so that's a full Mario Kart
game continent and so now we get we get
an additional eight Grand Prix's for $12
that's a steal no I don't think I'm
gonna I think I need to be in first
place
all three laps to get three stars I
think I've already found a job getting
three stars it's so Sun should be you
know what I'm doing I'm embarrassing
myself in front of the stream but so
don't feel too bad because your skills
you focusing on I'm talking it does with
us in on the game I'm so I'd like to
think I'm Zen enough in Mario Kart just
to be able to put all that out of my
I think I'm it's really yes in there is
there's a Zenda markers I mean I can
pull that off because I'm hot shit
that's what I mean that's what I mean I
say what you mean I got first place I'm
pretty good at Mario Kart I think any
different tires
um what are we talking about DLC so I
don't know you know what you know what
else the DLC did it got me to pick up
the game again because I had already
like I had a hundred percent did
everything and so it was just like it
was another excuse you know we hate
Triple A games
I think she's that true everyone says it
oh man man it's really weird cuz too bad
I'm in my copy of Grand Theft Auto 5
yeah you probably have to do that you
probably have to turn in XCOM you can't
have ex-con that's a triple-a game can't
have any of the Arkham games I can't be
playing this right now like doom 3 it's
not olds that's super agent that's turn
that in dude yeah doom is triple-a like
ends ok yep you dick waluigi alright oh
I'm off to a bad start
no I have to turn in all of the Nintendo
games that I really enjoy we have to we
have to turn in all this stuff because
they're triple-a game so we can't enjoy
I'm not enjoying this right yeah I do
absolutely yeah yeah
you know what that's exactly how you
describe this game kid I am I'm gonna
fail not this is the nd and you know
what you get here you get an exciting
course that's fun course yeah I like
that so now no chance ask me what I'm
going to stream doom 3 and I've been
thinking originally scared me off group
we should mentioned reloading and and
making it more like a modern shooter
which the things I don't want to do but
right I actually watched the video of
brutal doom and it looks it looks like
it's really just kind of a crazier
version of doom and not not actually a
my resident so I know you would you guys
rather watch me stream Doom 3 or a
brutal doom is my way tough choice Chan
I know enough joy December the new
version of brutal doom was coming out
that's the thing that's happened and is
brutal doom like is it is that like a
fan modder like okay yeah that's not
it's it's up to you know Jen doom 3 I
find that interesting well you know it
not less more brutal dudes you coming up
I can't tell who's winning you know one
of those strawpoll things oh okay
because that's that's something I might
do I'm also I also last ministry dog
because before before oh yeah actually
didn't didn't get into contact with Jack
until very late because I got lost while
playing firefighter I just completely
lost track of time while blowing up
x-wings oh they're saying Duke Nukem
Forever is the game they want to play
the answer's no I'll tell you that right
now I'm not playing any fucking fucking
game pad right yeah you were pretty
miserable during titanfall yeah uh yeah
I don't know I don't know rich serious
of serious Sam yeah I hear great things
about Sam I played that a little bit
it was a fun game like the Wright
brothers what both oh they're saying
both
I can get to superboost I'm not gonna
get the super boost very important rich
effing up already you see masteries
that's that's kind of true but you know
what I would be I would be perfectly
happy if the fucking PlayStation 4 and
Xbox would let you use a goddamn USB
mouse and keyboard and it's just
annoying that is really annoying
yeah you know I just I think it's a it's
an accessibility issue where they want
to they want to make sure all the games
kind of conform to their Mouse that's
actually what it is yeah I think I heard
him what the fuck rich we're talking
about something
Danny himself thank you for subscribing
and we're talking about something that
would be completely optional you know
right yes that's an option that's
something that just would enhance
somebody's experience but that wouldn't
be fair the people playing with a
gamepad for multiple you made me fall
off the track wrench I really like that
movie further I think if some people do
rather well control or do better with a
mouse yeah sure I'm gonna go ahead and
believe you because I do I think I do
think Mouse and mice and keyboards are
mice are 100 percent more accurate than
a control pad 100 percent I will always
continue to use a control pad because I
think is more comfortable but I do agree
with that you can be a better player
with a mouse oh crap crap I'm on a grass
I'm on a grass I'm not saying that
nobody
should ever be allowed to use a gamepad
for a game I just want to be able to I'm
playing you would still use a gamepad
and I have no issue with that I think
that's fair I think you're being too
reasonable rich and that's why your
point isn't getting across you're being
way too reasonable oh yeah you lost I
got I got blue shell then the blue shell
I could take but then I've got red
shells right away so I failed I think I
still won B overall yeah I still won the
overall oh wait do I have one more I
have one more race we'll see if I can
get first place in the overall but I
lost my three stars 3 starring every
Mario karts pills yeah it's freakish uh
it's frikar oh this is awesome it's a
mute City it's an f-zero track this
track is awesome no no it'sit's the did
you ever played f-zero for game games oh
god I don't even know yeah it was great
oh my god it was awesome
uh it was awesome I don't remember what
it was called but it was awesome it was
oh it was called f0 but awesome that was
the name of it if you hit those little
pegs everyone wondering why I'm hitting
those pegs it's because if you hit the
pegs they give you a little boost
afterwards okay so you want to try to
hit as many of those pegs as possible
they turn you they give you a little bit
of a of a spin but it's worth it it's
worth it for the boost
that's all I have to say about them did
I ever play any of the ps1 Final Fantasy
games well seeing as I despised JRPGs I
could safely say that no I have not oh
yeah you haven't that's surprising
that's surprising to me who never pays
attention to you my sister was really
into the Final Fantasy 7 and I watched
her play and I'm just thinking to myself
how can you stomach that shit yeah yeah
Final Fantasy's I think I've played to
four or five of the Final Fantasy's and
I always get to the same point before
the final boss in which I give up
because I'm not powerful enough and I
need to grind and I don't like to grind
answer the chance question when I hate
about JRPGs yeah the characters the
stories and me and the combat so pretty
much everything oh wow
harsh harsh I love actually can't stand
I love that though that just taking turn
selecting the attack button Oh what the
fuck the random encounters just went
along and Boop
and that happens 30
on your way to the decimal I hate
everything about them no would you see
her what the fuck okay see if you can
figure it out oh yeah no I'm trying to
scroll as we go so scrolling oh here it
is
f f delvis f delvis 87 thank you for
subscribing we very so mushy Final
Fantasy Tactics but if it's the same
kind of combat you get in a normal Final
Fantasy game I can guarantee you I
wouldn't like it
no time I want to say tactics is more
like an ex con thing yeah it's like it's
like a grid-based thing I really like
turn-based combat and that might be
weird coming from someone like me but I
find it very I find the repetition very
soothing and and you with certain RPGs
or with certain turn-based combat you
know like there is a strategy involved
with what you use where and I really
like that oh oh octo Jay I'm using I'm
using the pro controller to play this
right now not I'm not using the tablet
I'm just using the pro controller which
I like I'm not using tilt controls if
that's what you're asking
sister I was talking about who liked the
Final Fantasy III just talking to her
lately she's actually was just a voice
actress in a game that was released on
Steam indie game called ensign won some
kind of space earlier sim game I haven't
looked at it yet
oh cool she's oh that's fun I haven't
look very yet I mean I'm not gonna play
it checking it out yet I might want to
stream it someday I mean you should
right that's just fun
I'm using the Mario he's hot she's
married so so her hotness is irrelevant
yes that is uh that's the correct answer
rich fourth on that dragon level all the
other first place no and by the way I
don't know if you were paying attention
but that mute City run
no one could fuckin touch me I didn't I
didn't see another driver that entire
race it's under stream streaming this
was incredibly difficult I came to take
a picture of my office right now to show
you how janky it is because of all of
the wires everywhere and the crazy stuff
everywhere I'm getting playing my my Wii
U and streaming it is an experience here
I'll do I'll do one more one more single
race and then and then we'll open it up
to the stream i streamed out my I got a
bunch of friend requests today so we
will be doing in stream multiplayer but
I'm going to do the other so he can more
thoroughly kick your ass yeah yeah
basically I just need to warm up a
little bit so you know just kick you
when you're done that's that's that's
the strategy yeah okay so I think I need
to you know my tires they gave me good
speed but I'd like a little more they
had like a little more traction the
thing
he's my baby now on camera no I don't
know I wish I could tell you I always I
always figured the important lies you
know us bullshitting you know thank you
nice no I think I do I do you want me to
bullshit about this who do I mean I have
to answer this seriously what's funnier
the I'll give you the bullshit answer
first the bullshit answer is they want
to see it they want to see us when when
something bad happens they want to see
our reaction right people like watching
people fail and it's like oh my god I
can't believe that happened and they get
to see us get mad right that's by five
nights at freddys don't can't me fucking
stairs I'm sorry oh my god that game
sucks no but you know I do think people
want that I think that has unfortunately
that has created that that created five
nights at freddy I don't think five
nights as pretty as a real game and I
think that people just wanting streamers
to react created five nights at freddy
and I hate that about the face cam but
on a more serious level I do think that
people like to watch the streams to kind
of vicariously play the game and that
might be easier to empathize with us if
they're watching us play the game it
makes it more personal it makes it as if
we're in the room with them
only a vicarious thing with us I mean I
think it is record I always thought this
is more of them
sure sure it's I mean it's a podcast
with visuals but it's its visuals that
someone can easily identify with and add
excitement to no matter what we're
talking about we could just be talking
about the game so the FaceCam I can
understand why people want the FaceCam
we're not going to do it because we have
so many technical issues as is that it
would it would add another kink in the
in the puzzle that is streaming so
that's all I don't know but I really do
think that's why people wanted they'd
like to they like to feel like they're
in the room with us and maybe seeing our
faces our beautiful faces would make
them feel like they're more a part of it
you guys in the chat are a huge part of
this
you have no idea like how much we read
the chat and feed off of the chat we
love that so but I can understand it
does that make sense okay what do you
get would hey Chan what do you think is
that right is that why you want facecam
or do you just want to see us fall down
because either way I'll believe Thank
You Lloyd Lloyd beet says I like the
feeling like you're in the same room
nest of these dreams so okay yeah okay
son of a bitch I got blue shelled rich I
got blue fucking shit so we can pleasure
ourselves and I just don't believe that
yeah there we go there we go no that
makes perfect sense
mmm John kilo says Jack what do we do
when we fall I don't I love it they love
my imprison you know yesyes crocodile
brain says that seeing body language is
as important as hearing voices see how
late our streams are because of
technical problems or how plagued with
technical problems they are after you
start a scam would help these problems
in any way shape or form I don't think
they care I think they would love that
if they got to see us be frustrated on
camera they would love that this is a by
the way revamped Ness Rainbow Road okay
yep if you're seeing this it's much it's
much wider than snow sprain Bell Road so
it's a little bullshit because now it's
very it's a very easy course you know so
many cars on the track I don't know if
they could make it bad right work it's a
really neat track though really is it
work oh well technically six dollars it
is it's twelve dollars for all the DLC
and this is just the half of it and as
far as I'm concerned yes because I get
to race on this and I'm loving it for
someone who's not that into Mario Kart
you know I could see I can see it not
being worth it but then why would you
buy a Mario Kart in the first place well
I most you'll see I usually do is
something that probably could to have
ship with the game on launch triggers
seven eight three thank you for
subscribing Donnell says let's make a
deal subscribe if you will play Final
Fantasy Tactics on
dream no I saw in the chat they were
saying that it's it's a lot like it's
it's like a games I would actually like
the stream I don't I don't think I can
make that bargain like I said doom doom
brutal doom 3 game that instant 1 so you
know I couldn't even tell you when we'd
get around to it oh hey sir gimpy is
here sir can't be I wanted only mod I
will absolutely 1v1 you ok ok in my
regard we're gonna open it up and I was
told how to create a like a group I can
create a group and I'll invite all of
you guys to the group and we'll all race
together and I'll fucking whip your
asses that's actually probably not true
most of you will win it stiff it's very
different playing against real people
that is playing against I can only
assume the guy who's asking me if I've
played thief is joking but that is
another one I would like to stream a lot
of games I'd like to play on the strip
there's gonna be there's gonna it's
gonna be very different once once you
get your computer and you can stream
games and I'll be the color commentator
and you stream whatever you want it's
gonna be very different I think we're
gonna get a lot of those type of games
absolutely rich is gonna play some stuff
and go and go silence and I'll be the
color the real bat is that what's the
real thief they just did a remake of
what's horrible I was here ok ok I'm
with you
I can't do it now my computer can't
handle streaming lets me this would be
after an update right if anyone was
around for riches the failed stream
attack did not work my computer like
literally started yeah yeah so so that's
it for that but rich will be as soon as
he gets a new computer which will
hopefully be happening sometime soon now
they're asking me who my favorite
wrestler is which I'm gonna answer
because that's that's that's something
different I don't know if ever talked
about recently okay no that's a good
question
hold Hogan hands down it's toss-up
between Macho Man Randy Savage or rowdy
roddy piper
whoo rowdy yeah he could uh could it not
be rowdy rowdy
he was fucking great at that he was also
in Bayliss oh yeah I mean everybody
loved Macho Man everybody loves Macho
Man oh fuck oh I had my bananas how did
you hit me I had my bananas fuck you not
killing it rich not killing it oh my god
I can't get six that would be I would
shame my family if I got six get out of
here okay third I can take third we want
to do I was I was going back and forth
with Josh on Twitter a little bit the
other day and he wants to do a wrestling
night we're playing nothing but
wrestling games
I think that would be a great idea I
haven't played any wrestling games there
neither have I I do know there is a
wrestling game where you can create your
own video game based off a fake sport
which is just kind of fascinating I can
tell you what absolutely I love it we
hate - I never understood why the
Ultimate Warrior yeah yeah yeah he was
crazy it was incomprehensible
he wasn't like clever raisi though yeah
all right you know what that's fine
that's fair when I when I the short
period in which I watched wrestling view
the ones that I remembered are the
bushwhackers number the bushwhackers
they were like a tag-team duo that were
hillbillies yeah they were great they
were like simpleton wrestlers and I
loved them this is the Zelda track for
anyone paying attention you know pretty
awesome instead of coins you get Ruby
yeah all the little things are
zelda-esque oh it's kind of neat you
know what it is it's cute the whole
thing the whole thing is very cute
that out my game though first place is
on the line here are you playing into
people no don't gotta beat that no a
goddamn long giant this is well there's
four races rich and I've already done
I've already done seven I've already
done seven races this is the last race
and then I'll start playing against real
people and probably lose as long as I
win once I think I'll be okay that's the
general rule we had um we had some
people over the other day and we were
playing Smash Brothers for the Gamecube
and it has been so long since I played
smash brothers but you know I used to
play it all the time I used to be great
at it but the people that we had lost
your boat you'll smash preserves oh
absolutely I mean it's been a while
since I played smash broz that's
something were you in your mind
absolutely have to be playing against
other people is that why yeah Smash
Brothers absolutely yeah you have I mean
the girls it's not a game it's not cheap
you know Smash Brothers if you're not
playing against other people it's like
why why are you even playing that's what
got me so excited about Mario Kart is
the online component there's not a lot
of people online any more fucking blue
shell oh fuck you oh I tried to pull my
big fuck you move maneuver I have this
brilliant blue shell fuck you maneuver
which is if someone is close to you and
you're in first place and you see the
blue shell slam on the brakes
so you you take out all the people
behind you and and it failed I'm sorry
my maneuver failed they they passed me
and I got lost
yeah it was not in time yeah there's not
in time my maneuver failed well and
they're not gonna let you I'm sorry I'm
just sorry no I lost the whole thing I
got in second place for the whole of the
whole freaking tournament and now I
I've shamed myself you know what was it
the the we smash brothers had a really
cool like side-scroller brawler section
it was like the story mode of Smash
Brothers and I thought that was really
neat I would play I would play just that
for a while I I cannot comment at all on
Smash Brothers it's not something I got
oh look at this shame of that silver
trophy yuck

[Part II]
ah look at this shame of that silver
trophy and yuck was asking me how I feel
about our TSS I've talked about that
before I not not that fond of them I
don't like I don't like the juggling act
I like I like turn-based where I could
take my time but Jack how do you feel
about RTS games have you ever played an
RTS game uh yeah yeah I'm I'm fine with
them I usually get bored they're just
too hectic to me because you gotta look
which different sections of the map and
you're handling things as they're like I
don't guess we had it oh wait if I
choose if I choose the DIA I can I can
either have 32 courses no DLC courses or
40 courses includes DLC those of you Oh
big coffin hunter thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it if I
choose the DLC if you guys don't have
the DLC can you play that's my question
that's my question to you guys I don't
know the answer to this the end and if
it is do you guys have the DLC and do
you want me to do that one I have the
DLC did you
what's this garrison which is that the
guy you think for subscribing
this one I'm this one boobie sandwich oh
wait I know is there a new one cuz I'm
scrolling I'm scrolling around and I'm
no big okay nevermind big big okay I'm
gonna do the no DLC just to make sure
that everyone can play
okay I'm gonna be me
everybody be your Me's - cuz that's
funny this is a pretty good car oh we
got one already some people are here
hello
I don't know if you can hear me do we
sandwich your name was said because I
was scrolling around and I misread
something I thought you were a new
subscriber yeah
disregard but you are subscribed at some
point in the past the only thing you
should ever say in these as I'm using
tilt controls because I think that's
really funny
okay I think we're just waiting on one
more person and then we can have a good
a good round right or do we need ten or
twelve I don't know anyway you can have
we'll see we'll wait a little bit longer
I'm here all right there we go I get
sick self control it's great we got
another one
dude harbour thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it what lost in
Technicolor is asking me what I think is
a science question rich do you think
we'll ever get off with it I can plant
it again I don't know that we will at
this rate forty years ago now they're
just in no rush it it cost so much yeah
to send a human being to another
planetary body that I don't know that
they ever will they'll just keep sending
probes we're never gonna we're never
gonna get off oh I'm going to die that's
my answer to that question
Oh oh yeah sorry guys I didn't know what
I wanted to suggest so I just picked the
first one suggest any course you want
I'm using tilt controls that's my
favorite yeah I know I think we're gonna
get off do you think a rock do you think
we're gonna land something on Mars in
our lifetime you do yes
I'm doubtful I do I do I believe I
believe there are herbs and flows or
what do you what do you call it when
there's like back and forth motivate
that there are hills and valleys as far
as our scientific research goes oh shit
here we go we're starting rich and I
think that right now we are in a bit of
a Down slump and it's a multi-billion
dollar price tag and the return on that
investment is a handful of rocks yeah
they found gold on Mars maybe yeah but
it's not just gold they just need to
find one thing like one thing that is
worth a ton of money and all of a sudden
everything's there everything and
everybody's there if they find one thing
that's worth that's worth something
right fuck you lightning bolts
somebody's a bullshit that's what I have
to say about this but I would I would
like to see humanity go out into space
I'm just I'm being pessimistic cuz they
constantly say Ryan Mars yeah we're
gonna wave got planning another 10 years
they've been saying that for 40 years
sixty-eight yeah we'll get there we went
through a big with certain government to
administration's we go we went through a
big anti-science time recently and we're
still kind of reeling from that no I
don't I don't think the Conservative
Party has a candidate not like not like
the Liberal Party has a candidate either
but I don't believe the Republicans have
a good enough candidate crazy worry
about putting Bibles and schools yes and
by the way people are overwhelmingly
sick of that conversation a lot of time
fighting so that society doesn't go
backwards yes no but I think we're all
ready Maya fuck okay third I could deal
with third I'm okay with third you know
they are a little bit they are a little
bit hey congratulations Brian that's a
good victory that's a good victory well
opening up now see if anyone else wants
to come in
let's see what do we want to do here
what's a nice course all these are nice
cozy who you know what classic Miriam
she's gonna get into a full political
thing ie I typically do not like taking
sides in politics I hate talking about
it I no matter what party you're in I
think politics are just a depressing
thing and positive charge so I'm not I'm
not here to start up whose party is
better than whose party think I'm no no
I am you know what I will put in a man
the more on Mars I'm sorry I think we
can all agree on that maybe and you know
what maybe that's the more important
question is how important is it that we
have a man on Mars no it's not important
all for thee it's a huge future of
humanity in general it's extremely
important mm-hmm that's fair enough
that is fair enough I were getting
started here race number two
oh you Donkey Kong mother fucker
I rich I'm going into serious mode all
right I'm going into serious mode I'm
going into try just wanna let you know
that I'm well I got third chair the
worst your man Woods on the wall sick
third okay no birds no okay income and
last like some other losers Canada's
beating you a second ago oh my god oh
they had a Canadian Mayas in front of me
she's American my is killing it I think
it was Brian or Frank one of those got
me last time hearing the first last name
so right now I'm rocking second feeling
pretty good about it
gotta see if I can beat Maya here I
don't know if I can she's got a sturdy
lead and I am I'm not getting any good
items I was holding on to that that
banana for so long oh sorry Maya
I'm really sorry we're all watching this
now this is serious me this is a serious
competition oh this is some hard yeah
well yeah this is this is my reputation
right here and I think you know people
people are a little more people are a
little a little more competitive you
know when you've made bold statements
like this and I'm you know I'm okay with
that I welcome the competition I think
it's great I think it's great but I also
think that I'm gonna win come on come on
come on yes
oh I got I did get a little bit of I was
in second place and I got three red
shells so obviously a little bit of a BS
power up there so but hey Maya that was
a really good race I two more for the
circuit and then I think more people can
join in yeah everyone now everyone's
just saying that they'd let me win come
on come on give me this somebody's
somebody's telling me to tell you accept
your friend request and I'm going to
assume that that your box is full that's
why you're not accepting for us no no no
they just must have done it after we
started screaming I I've been accepting
friend requests all day we oh no not
stain steaming okay okay yeah rich we
have a new subscriber on ty deild thank
you for subscribing I or maybe maybe
it's lower case all that's supposed to
be an eye and that's tie-dyed I don't
sure Brian Brian you think you can get
this
he got me last time that Brian I'll tell
you what Rach somebody he's on my list
co-op Isaac Isaac it is but I thought it
was local only co-op and it's not real
co-op you can have someone locally grab
a controller or the mouse and keyboard
and be like a little familiar and but it
takes up a heart to do that come on
I got two of them in front of me now so
it's not the food
oh no no I actually I've seen it played
co-op and it looks like a lot of fun but
you know there's a thing there's a cost
to it and I believe like I said I
believe it's local only co-op maybe so
maybe they're asking for that for the
next group stream fuck fuck fuck what
did I get hit by Brian fucking Brian
Oh blue shell I got a blue shell in
fourth place that's great that's great
news
I'm in fourth place though rich well
it's only the second life I got another
one wrong and an 11
oh fuck you yeah we do oh I'll see where
the night takes us obviously I'm playing
Mario Kart so I'm good playing all night
but you know that's up to you how long
do you feel like watching us I guess is
the real question
come on go go go go go scare yesterday
yep you're it's scare I was okay
cleaning up the apartment I've got some
visitors coming in this week and I
couldn't find the ps4 yeah I could not
find the ps4 I that's fine left it in
the car and that's somebody you know
broken at the car stole ps4 and I never
noticed until yesterday but it turns out
it's it's a studio it's just sitting
around and cuz I left it there after we
we finished with alien isolation cuz I
didn't have her any reason to bring it
home immediately
hold on rich hold on oxygen oxygen is
saying rich Jack his name is space cop
is a sub you miss to do the thing his
name is space cop I'm sorry miss you I
did not hear this
thank you for subscribing I'm looking
back in the in the I don't even see it
in the in the chat I'm really sorry his
name is face cop but we really do
appreciate you subscribing thank you I'm
just I'm talking to Jack on the Skype
and I'm not hearing the what the fuck
so if I'm not looking directly at the
chat right so thank you for pointing
that out
thank you
oh no I don't know it's on the pad for
400 our piece of hardware I thought I
lost it Jack was that a student where
was it and I left it on the table
geez of course cuz to them they just see
like a big dumb black box sure sure
oh my god yeah I would freak out too I
would absolutely freak out to untie a
final race another shamisen first time
should I give him another shoutout
I mean yeah give anyone thank you just
because you feel like you're special me
jams under there sure did rich she sure
did Alex I know I know
LJ and rocks 42 wants shout out because
it's the birthday tomorrow
well you're not a subscriber some nope
oh good
terrible bristle that's terrible but I
guess technically you did give them a
shout-out I give them so we're gonna
have to allow it that's really funny
get out of here
get out of my jams oh you bitch you son
of a bitch I don't know which one of you
did that but I'm gonna fuck all of you
now they're just fucking with me reg
they're 100% fuckin with me I'm in
seventh place not only is my family
shame but I am ashamed but now I'm gonna
get some sweet-ass power-ups oh and we
have another what the fuck yes rich oh
my god we have another 69 subscribing oh
my god oh my god fourth I can take
forward somebody's asked me if we
discovered a wormhole near I had
scrolled up and missed it was Jupiter
Saturn do you think that would get
mankind to explore that that wormhole
and no I think they would still just
send probes to it you're not gonna see
people being sent through that anytime
soon even if a wormhole opened up next
to Jupiter
yeah yeah
oh my god so I kind of won but that's
great ah so you know I still want a
whole thing a hollow victory because
yeah I lost so many but I got first in
one and I what that first place must
have been even been good that was fun
I'm using tilt controls can more people
join now I think we might have room for
more people I don't I don't know a chat
asked if I would like XCOM more or less
than it was an alien franchise game and
the honest answer is probably less
because then you'd have melee only
aliens and less variety I mean XCOM has
chrysalids and they're basically
xenomorphs already so you would actually
be taking things out of XCOM if you made
it an alien franchise game oh you guys I
left the room sorry about that so I'm
just gonna create a new room oh sorry
now this card seems to be doing pretty
good for me oh sorry about that
everybody I was hoping I could lead I
could just find a way to invite more
people on but ask rich what if the world
is in Uranus well you know grab my gosh
of probes up Uranus what you know you
know I pronounced it when whenever we're
talking about that planet I try to
pronounce it that's great you know
it's because if I pronounced it Uranus I
will put that space in there and
pronounce it Uranus you know thank you
for subscribing what's the status on my
yearbook photo do you remember that um
yeah I do remember that we haven't
gotten anything in the mail yet but okay
now there are eight of us I think I can
start the game now what are the numbers
there will it happen uh it could it
could happen in the next couple of days
as far as because because that was your
will do it if we got if we got one
thousand dollars in one month you guys
see my my high school yearbook photo yes
and I believe I don't know because I I'm
never sure how much we're getting every
month and twitch payments are a few
months behind for some reason but I
believe a few months ago we were you
know doing it doing well with
subscribers and ad revenue so it might
happen soon and then you know also that
would mean that we have enough to build
you a new PC
oh my god I wasn't paying attention and
I didn't get the start off boost rich
you asshole you dickface you should be
and I got hit by my own goddamn green
shell everything's terrible right now
okay come on power-ups we need some of
these super power-ups now three green
shells really this is what you're giving
me three green shells I know what it was
it was I who said that like this Scrolls
so fast I yeah I love Russia too much I
am very glad to have turned you wanted
to X come who XCOM is just fantastic I
am glad to proselytize yes any any time
we get a message saying like oh I
started playing FTL cuz I saw you guys
stream it I started playing some things
things I like but I don't think get
enough attention I was for the word and
what other people know that these nice
things are out there it feeds the
cockles of our heart getting shit items
rich I'm in last place and I'm getting
shit items oh you know the the Richard
Evans show biz it's a bear photo the
classic one with me and my birthday with
the shirt yeah somebody posted that on
awkward family photos calm know-it-all
so I haven't had a chance to talk to you
about this it made the front page of
Reddit under the WEF subreddit that has
been making these unrelated to red
letter media that has been amazing to be
internet rich the shame the shame rich
no I got a tea place I got last place
it's already done no shit happens huh ah
I feel terrible but you know what fuck
it we'll do it again
we do it again well fuckin do it again
that was the shit run and that happens
sometimes let's do this one okay yeah I
know the the rich Evans dick the
birthday boy picture has been making the
internet rounds lately and I love it the
fact is the fact that I love it cuz
related to red letter media it's
interesting it's big ya know apparently
the guy that submitted it to the reddit
like just has never heard of you and
just found the picture somewhere and
yeah I think it's great because if you
think about it without knowing you that
would be a really weird picture even
knowing you that's a really weird but
you know
okay okay okay feeling better feeling
better about this run what's what's my
favorite prime number seven
you sure why yeah I mean it kind of a
hipster response man I don't know I have
no idea I have no idea who's speaking of
hipsters one thing I definitely wanted
to talk about was the the episode the
cut upstream of me failing at playing
the AVGN game went up today on YouTube
and Jesus Christ people have been
knockin my dick around because I didn't
like that game uh and it's just I didn't
like it man like what am I gonna do
would you even say you am I gonna play a
game no no I didn't we get it like not
it's not just about it being a standard
platformer it's about it's a standard
platformer filled with terrible jokes
like I don't want to do that come on
come on you know like I'm not into AVGN
sense of humor and listening to all of
those jokes in a game that was kind of
subpar I'll fuck you up fuck everything
oh I got super fucked
I just got oh my god a vgn references
when we're not especially huge superstar
fans in the first place - perfect right
that's the real thing and so it would
have been a bunch of references that I
wouldn't get a bunch of jokes I didn't
care for a game that was hammered I hope
everybody is watching me know I got
crazy fucked I got so fucked at the end
there oh my god oh yeah did you see that
ah straight up
Fox absolutely that was terrible are you
guys just saving all your power-ups
until the last laugh I would really I
think that would be really funny okay
ooh the classic MooMoo farms rich okay
here we go here we go here we go we can
do this we can do this
of course I'm keeping my eye and all you
fuckers now I need to get one yeah I
need to get it mean you need to get
theirs not play dirty
you need to use all your power I don't
know I don't know Mario Cart whatever no
there's no real way to there's no real
way to play dirty I guess I don't know
blue shells red shell stars Mario Mario
Kart is all about playing dirty
everything about this game playing dirty
to you to you it is to me it's about
it's about the skill of a drive man
somebody saying will happen to the
original sonic stream can't find it
anywhere
build these things that that should be
up on YouTube huh that was my fault I
saw that banana a mile away as
absolutely my fault
fucking banana oh fucking fuck I don't
know where the original Sun extreme is
it should be up though sorry if any I
will check on that how did you do it
yeah absolutely in the middle of it in
the middle of race yeah you just drove
right into the banana jack yeah yeah
that was my fault that was a 100% my
fault
I cannot get last that's what I can do
here I cannot get last no come on come
on come on come on you're in ok I got
7th as they shed oh I have shamed myself
in front of the street that was a really
bad thing happens maybe they're just
better than you that's that's probably
true scream dad together ok I'm just
gonna send the best people on Jack I'm
using tilt controls yes thank you
everyone for spamming man I love that
that's my favorite fuck so yeah where
was that
oh we were on AVGN yon sense the other
thing is I don't know about you rich but
for me I can tell pretty quickly whether
or not something is my thing you know
usually I will be honest you should I
give it more than 9 minutes but pretty
early on you get a you can get a sense
whether or not a game a movie a show
will be something that you enjoy minutes
that organ trail would have been a
better game to stream oh sure well
listen and it's not like I didn't trust
you I like like I said in the stream I
really thought that was something we
should have done for a group stream
after playing Oregon Trail as you were
absolutely correct
okay dammit
everybody's that's given group streams
we don't talk about that everybody's
other games if it's an interesting game
but stream did people involved with
what's going on in the game
it's probably better to do that at a so
I am gonna go ahead and agree with you I
am gonna go ahead and agree right with
you but but yeah so that was the thing
with the AVGN thing is I I knew I could
tell the head it was a game that I was
not going to care for and so I stopped
playing it so I wouldn't say too many
mean things about it because that would
have been it is just me saying mean
things about the game and I'm sure it's
a fine game if you're into the AVGN I am
not so for me it was a standard action
platformer that had that was lacking in
a personality store where they actually
came out on the you know snez you would
have you would have disregarded because
it looked too generic yeah absolutely
absolutely and like thinking on like
some other games that i've streamed for
it's like i streamed that tiny barbarian
game which was a 2d action platformer
very very standard 2d action plan you
know but in my head that yeah oh yeah
that's right that game had some
personality as far as i was concerned
you know oh it had it had you know good
arts interesting combat and so like it
was a game i was interested in on that
and that regards and AVGN was nothing
but but his jokes which i didn't much
care for who is in the first place
they're kicking ass they're far ahead of
me i don't even see him
but I might be lucky enough to get
second on this one so I'm feeling pretty
happy about that it's less like the
Midwestern wave a super mess I didn't
know I didn't think there was a lot of
people said yes any yes there's Ness
yeah I thought that was just a thing
Brian you kicked my ass man that was
great okay I got second place on one
race so I'm feeling pretty comfortable
about that I'll take second place on one
race oh look what I get I get lucky Joe
giving me a patronizing hand clap I
don't get a trophy I don't get a good
job I get a patronizing hand clap he
goes oh yeah yeah you know you do since
grade

[Part III]
come on well one more time oh wait no
here comes a new person I think we'll
just give it a give will give new people
a chance to come in satsang nobody owens
we you well it's fairly not true because
there are people in here yeah yeah hi
well go again all right let's start the
game shit wants to talk about comics I
think I think we've talked about enough
comics we've we've done that oh um can
we start again 830 I answer this way I
wanna take a break you know what I do
want to talk about his motherfucking
x-men days of future past nah did you
see that one you still talk about it oh
I'm just it's not here's the thing I I
am I I like the x-men honey I think
we've talked about this before like I
I'm into the x-men my wife collects two
runs of x-men comics I'm big into the
universe and and in general marvel fan
boy absolutely it seems like a lot to
get into to wrap your head around what
the x-men i can see that i could see
that i could see you know what more so i
could see someone seeing that but it's
it's pretty simple they do it Oh Oh
Andrew nice move nice move he was
holding this banana behind me slid right
in front of me tripped me up somebody
tried to expose me sigh locks origin
started to get a headache yeah yes ya
know there are obviously there are some
mutants that have a more complicated
backstory than others but uh you know in
general i'm a big fan of the x-men and
do we we didn't my wife and I did not
how fuck you Maya did not see Days of
Future past in the theater even though
we are big x-men fans and it finally
came to streaming over the weekend so we
finally like oh great we get to see the
new x-men movie return to Bryan Singer
everything's gonna be great man that was
a dumb movie I was incredibly
disappointed by it it was it was
confusing it was really dull and it
seemed it seemed all over the place I
was really really disappointed also I
don't think Bryan Singer can direct
action to save his life and so all the
action scenes were really flat and which
it which is a thing to say when you have
mutants fighting giant robots you know
oh all your action scenes are flat it's
too bad you playing giant robots giant
robots um yes yeah we that that was the
big third act action scene lady big
purple robots it was actually I'm Jana
did it was great modern superhero movies
like they looked to him it was realistic
a take on things they ever possibly
could well any a spoiler alert there
were two sentinels and there was there
was the like the realistic movie
sentinels but they still had the big
purple sentinels and I thought they
looked great it's too bad they weren't
interesting or a threat or anything fuck
you fuck you fireball fireball fireball
oh I'll want you god it's what did she
thinking yes she has more venom about it
than I do yeah okay first of all fuck
all of you guys I was doing really good
in that race and you fucked me you off
left me so um
she she was more upset about it than I
was because as a fan of the x-men her
biggest complaint was how mystique
centric not just that movie but all the
movies have been and you know in her
head mystique is not a big character in
the comics you know mystique is is a be
villain if I'm being generous you know
and in the movies of course she plays a
huge part in every movie because she has
a neat power it's like a cyclops also
got the shaft in the movies if I
remember right Cyclops got the show in
the movies too if I remember right well
of course cuz the sounds were the
Wolverine show um yeah yeah there's
there's a lot there's a lot with the
movies that that as a comic fan they get
wrong but so yes she she was more upset
about it than I was but also just as
just as a movie it's incredibly
disappointing it and you know obviously
it's a movie about time travel there's a
lot of there's a lot of big ideas being
thrown around but I but still it
shouldn't be a fuck everybody fuck all
of you guys you're i Jes your cart suck
and doing maybe maybe I know it's not my
card it's it's not my card 1 i'm getting
hit by every single projectile that
everyone has yeah as everybody's aiming
for me also you know just in general I
don't know maybe I'm not getting the
power-ups there's a lot of thing maybe
I'm just not as good a racer I don't
know there's see like right there i took
that curve a little too tight oh and a
shy shy just gave me a little bump he
just gave me a little bump bump me up a
little bit that's fine now I'm taking
some risks I'm taking my turns a little
too tight so I'm bumping into walls
and yeah that mixed with everybody
aiming for my ass is just got here is
making it is making it not a fun time
but oh I you mother fucker oh my god and
I don't know what just happened there
but ok yeah it's getting serious now
getting sick getting serious
gotta get serious gotta go fast some
smash brothers and that's next Friday
cut them out already it's not even hope
no no no p a date nintendo just started
doing the free download thing where if
you if you preorder it or if you buy it
you can pre download it and then and
then as soon as it releases you just
have it which is great I did that yeah
you have a digital copy that you don't
really oh that's smart why you uh it's
rich I got fifth I'll take fifth ah yeah
oh you made someone uh who is that and
what you yes a very weird username is
making a very good point about mystique
and days of future past which is that
when Jennifer Lawrence signed a two
movie contract she was not a big movie
star so when she did the first x-men
movie she was not a big movie star and
when she was ready to film the second
movie The Hunger Games was the biggest
goddamn movie on the planet you know oh
and so it definitely made it more
mystique heavy I think they made the
movie more mystique heavy to get more
jennifer lawrence in there absolutely
absolutely and it shows because her
story is weak as shit little app
everyone wants you to accept more friend
request well i'm racing how am i going
to accept after after this one I'll
leave the group except more friend
requests and will do more races but
right now I'm racing gyan their own
internet which we don't know
pro get be thank you for subscribing FR
0 to te TBH i don't know how the fuck
you're supposed to announce that
prodotti pronounce that showed up
because that's its debt right Deb has a
B entity this is a tia to be Frodo well
then fro depa thank you first of all
right forget ba maybe he meant to write
dead and got confused uh-huh even that
doesn't make a terrible amount of sense
i don't know i like you jack anyway
everyone is racing against i know that
there ain't they're aiming for me
they're hanging for me what's riches
nintendo ID i don't own a wii-u that's
your right about your nintendo you don't
happen no home sure
I really can assure cycle said another
x-men fan really but Jack what are your
favorite x-men deaths yes x-men deaths
oh man kind of book depths I don't know
well oven thing possible that's the real
answer to that there was a cool run in
oh there was a cool run I think it's on
an uncanny x-men after Gene turned into
Phoenix full time machine you know of
course was a routine after no no after
that after dark phoenix yeah she when
she was just Phoenix you know basically
up being with godlike mental powers she
became very distant because she was you
know dealin was kind of God things you
know fuck and Scott Cyclops started a
psychic relationship with Emma Frost I
know that was controversy the white yeah
and it was neat it was it was a neat
thing because it was a psychic
relationship they never actually
physically touched each other um
relationship and so a fair one salves
Scott was really phoenix right Jean Grey
absolutely Jean Grey right so um gene
comes back and he immediately figures it
out because she's you know the most
powerful psychic on the planet and turns
Emma Frost into her diamond form and
shatters her mm-hmm because she's so
upset and that was it was a really neat
story because like and during that story
like and beast was kind of in love with
Emma Frost and so then beast was would
spend the next couple of issues trying
to piece together all the darkness
so I thought uh-oh we have another what
the fuck samurai mall cop thank you for
subscribing we really haha we do really
appreciate it also a great user name
that's a great so that was a really fun
death and not really difficult Beast
spoiler alert eventually bees did peace
her back together and you know so wasn't
a real dead they're probably mentioning
I think Wolverine is dying to Cyclops
nothing she's okay with it nothing which
which she was not okay with it but
actually that was a it was a really neat
thing about the issue was like they were
they were dealing with some some like
cheater issues about why aren't you mad
at your significant other you know like
what makes what she did worse than what
he did so yeah it was there were there
was some interesting relationship
writing at that one it was it was nice
overall a nice run of issues and that's
when it wasn't uncanny that's when
uncanny was getting a little weird like
beasts that's that's when they started
like with the new forms of mutation
beast was looking like a can do you
remember this no not really I was her
expert fan no like I said it might not
be uncanny it might have been um it
might have been amazing asked x-men are
astonishing I forget which which book it
was but beasts looked like a cat he
looked like a big d walk on all fours
and it was great okay no he did not walk
on all fours that's it summaries not a
dumb question no he did you know what
fine
fine I'll give that to you I'll give
that to you clear x-men by Grant
Morrison new xn that's what I thank you
thank you they had some really decent
runs in new x-men really these are runs
that's good to know so
yeah I don't know other than that I
don't have any favorite death just
because like I said death means nothing
and even if death meant something
there's always like another book that
you could read that words are not dead
because that means nothing fucking blue
shell fucking blue shell fucking blue
shell fuck fuck fuck fuck i was in first
I can't get it back either I can't get
it back I'm too far gone go go go maybe
second no third okay I'll take third
I'll take all the way down to third yeah
but they'll take that that's fine oh
good a little at first fell moisturizer
oh so oh you got shot okay Lucia I think
you just saw me I just got blue Shelby
Emma what will they call the comic
series in 50 years even newer x-men yes
that's exactly what I'll call it x-men
really rebirth oh that's a really good
point Lock castle hunker down favorite
permanent death Uncle Ben remember do
you remember back when I was uncle then
and Bucky yeah hmm that change for
bucking all right we're gonna leave the
group for a little bit so I can accept
friend requests because apparently I
have a zillion friend requests but I'm
gonna take a break we're gonna run a
commercial and I'll accept all the
friend request and we'll start again
okay that's what I'll do so ah hold on
first thing we have to do is to cut the
mic up flying to not create any right
Ben Reilly that will probably be a
permanent death I guess that would be my
favorite permanent death so
Ben Riley was the spider cologne I I
know I was they tell you that the best
the best birthday present I wish I was
the issue that came out on my birthday
where he died he's after work AB and
dissolved and that was my favorite
birthday present I was just trying to
think of like I was trying to think of
like someone at marvel's just being like
you know what we haven't touched it
while that Clone Saga ya think we get
any extra traction out of that Clone
Saga cuz that went over like gangbusters
that was they went back to clones but
not bent then they they went back to
clones yeah I ultimately they did the
court thing after the fact yeah yeah
yeah but you know what we didn't hear
much from the clones after the whole
clone well I wonder why good well mostly
cuz me like everyone else stops reading
my story in spider-man history I shocked
i tell you um ok now for realsies break
and what

[Part IV]
and we're back and by we I mean me
actually rich so I've taken some time
I've accepted all of your friend
requests if you request now it's too
late
I wanna let you know that rich is going
to grab a bite to eat but he will be
back very shortly and I took some time
accepted all of your friend requests and
refilled my snack my snack this time is
a to women by nuclear spur and company
and it's very tasty
Jack give neko Cola sub hype oh did rich
miss as a subscriber neko Cola thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
so yeah rich went out to get some food
I got a snack now we're gonna play some
more Mario Kart you probably want to see
Mario Kart there we are that makes it
better
I beyond infinite whatsup indeed
no no FTL today just just uh
this mario karta damn rich does want to
talk more about Piderman create them
online what do we need here online with
friends all right guys I'm creating a
room now let's go
and we'll start with no DLC courses but
eventually I'm gonna move to DLC courses
because I want to play them I'm gonna be
me maybe I'll change my card up this
time
this car was pretty badass I also really
like these I really like the look of
these this is pretty good I'll do that
I like that the the look of the older
carton oh look everybody came I'm here
Maya thank you
oh man how many of us are here for them
well I think this is all of us great
okay let's play around okay I don't have
cc I'll see ya all Marvel Star race
so these are the rules
okay great
this is gonna be great hey everything's
gonna be great let's do donut Plains or
whatever you want to do it doesn't
matter that's the great thing everybody
gets to choose their own course and it
chooses it randomly everything's great
about Mario Kart name some more games
you consider art that's a good question
I really do consider games art I think
Shadow of the Colossus which was the
game that we talked about on Wednesday
is a fine example of games as art that's
that's a tougher art piece though but
like B the isolation the the facing
giant dark monsters you know kind of
like a fighting your own sadness thing
is is the the theming in Shadow of the
Colossus is beautiful obviously that's
art okay all games are art the real
question is which games are high art
right yeah yeah and that's that's a
tougher question to answer sometimes
Mario Kart obviously are not
I think that's a good name zark the
question is what games do a good job of
handling kind of abstract themes and
ideas through game play and I think
something that someone gained that does
it really well is Metroid Prime all the
Metroid games are great but Metroid
Prime has a really great like
overarching theme of isolation and
mystery and they they do a really great
job of showcasing that food the gameplay
mechanics I know you're coming after me
that goddamn boomerang and I don't want
any of it
leave me alone Metroid Prime is just a
good game in general if I've never said
so on stream let me say so
I loud now get out of here with that
goddamn boomerang
there's some other games that have done
it really well kind of putting me on the
spot here but that's okay you can put me
on the spot yeah
is that the start is that the start of
the end hoppers you've got damn ass I'll
start hey hey yeah yeah that's one nice
is it okay
okay okay getting close here getting
close here see and now rich isn't here
rich isn't here to see how I'm doing
maybe rich was the real nice feel good
about that it was rich obviously it was
rich yeah all games art even the Kim
Kardashian Kardashian game is art it
might not be high art but it's art a
baby what
oh are you guys talking about other m
god damn that game that was such a
disappointment stupid game
it's called a babies cry because it can
be heard by everyone fuck you game fuck
you babies cry other M yeah rich went to
go get food sonic I get you know I don't
you know sonic of course sonic is art
its art I don't care for but it's hearts
right anything that expresses an idea or
concept through a specified medium is
art advertising his art
it's not good let's not get caught up on
what is or isn't art now question is
what's good art what's high art what are
games that when you play them make you
think and/or feel a game I have not
played but I am excited to is Silent
Hill - I hear I hear very good things
about Silent Hill - I've never played it
because in general I don't got got got
got gets camp everybody everybody
everybody hit me in general I'm not down
with horror games but I feel like most
horror games relied too heavily on jump
scares but I hear Silent Hill 2 does a
does a good job on that front so I am
interested in play oh oh I stole your
star I stole your site I didn't even
know you could steal stars I feel pretty
good about that I feel pretty good about
that apparently you can steal stars by
the way everybody dad here get out of
here
okay okay sorry playing tap banana I won
right into it right under that gut
dampen yeah get are you banana
come on come on go go go I was feeling
really good about this run until until
like two minutes ago I think it's good
that everybody's trying
I think that's great I applaud everyone
for trying their hardest but you know if
you could let me win it would make me
look really good in front of everyone
else so just saying oh fuck you who
bullet bill Oh fucking dick dick oh I
had them I had the super mushroom and
bullet bill fuck me uh whoever that was
oh I did I was having a hell of a
comeback I was having a hell of a
comeback f fucked that's all right am i
art Jay barman from Jay Bauman's beard
of course you are art pong is art right
the idea is that you're playing tennis
do this one
maybe Pauling is an iron I don't know
he's got a space gob is a high art I'm
just trying to think of other games like
cata Katamari Damacy is another game
that that handles its overarching theme
of like consumerism and and hoarding and
you know just the idea that people hold
onto too many items the overarching
theme of that of Katamari they handle
that in a really beautiful way
collecting all the junk and making it
making it stars just stuff you look at
you know making this stuff you look oh
fuck - oh my god
I apologize dream I fucked up a
superstar
fucked up the SuperStart so you know
stuff like that
is what makes games to me really fun is
when they can handle an idea or concept
in such a highbrow fashion that's those
are the things that to me give gaming
real it real credence as far as being a
an art form that should be taken
seriously other games that meet this
criteria it's hard it's very hard for me
to think about right now just because
I'm carding I'm murió curtain god damn
you bullet bill but what Bill has it out
for me I don't know who you are until it
bill but you got it out for me
and I'm not psyched about that
okay
trying to think of its it's hard for me
to think about games over over the years
that I have really felt strong about in
a meaningful way like this you know I
think now before everyone gets crazy I'm
gonna say this I'm gonna say Pokemon
mostly because I really like the Pokemon
but also I think that they have a they
have a general message of companionship
friendship and and care for others in
their game and that is stated through
game play you know the collection aspect
the be general like the care of your
creatures of your monsters
okay now that wasn't I think they handle
they handle their themes fairly well oh
I get to people of Bill oh good I get to
fuck some other people up then all right
good
yeah now you know what it feels like
ain't so fun it ain't so fun okay third
I can deal with the third okay man also
forcing small animals to do your bidding
thank you oxygen no bull c'mon is not
about animal abuse you're supposed to
you're supposed to develop a bond with
all of your Pokemon that's really fine
talk like Michael Caine more I will
eventually I will know hey I got in
third place that time not in 11th place
rich have rich Evans is high art
absolutely
you know what I didn't play X&Y; I did
not play pokemon X&Y; yet so I cannot
speak on the high art of Pokemon X&Y; I'm
not on drugs
unless you consider alcohol drug which
many people do so yes I'm on drugs that
are hard this is this to me is I'm
really glad actually rich is not here to
hear me be arty-farty
with games rich is rich does not feel
the same way I do about games and art
and theming and how how things make you
feel but I'll I'd dig that kind of stuff
I think it's really nice oh I'm really
glad we could have this talk without
rich when he comes back well we'll get
back to you know farting and pooping
although all the stuff you guys really
like
yeah ah bad Demick you got me you got me
you fuck
okay okay okay back in 11th place 12th
place okay you'll have a place we can do
this we can do this this is a really fun
course
mom okay I'm sorry stop talking about
for a second because I was racing games
as art as art I know you guys thirst you
guys start saying the ones do you think
in a chat and then I'll read it's hard
for me to think right now of games that
are there are games that handle their
there are games that are not high art
that handle their particular mechanics
but rather well you know I need a
platformers that I love like Super Meat
Boy and you just play Rayman Origins
that's a great game Raimi I know right
now is a great game and they handle
their their platforming mechanics super
well I wouldn't necessarily call them a
high art but you know something like
something like The Binding of Isaac
I think handles eighth place damn it
handles their are very well you know
it's about about desperation about being
lost about just running for you and
fearing for your life it's about it's a
lot about it's actually a lot about just
like fearing for your well-being because
the game is so brutal and hearts are so
important where you spend most of the
game having such low health and just
fearing for your general well-being
being in it's a game about oh no rich is
calling and embracing which is calling
sorry rich I'll call you in a second
I'm ignoring rich for eighth place I'll
take it okay I'm coming rich Kevin H I
was in the middle of a race so I was
ignoring you for a second yeah just try
to chew away from the microphone move
your mic away from you and try to move
so we're just kind of wrapping up people
were asking other games that I thought
of as as real real artistic expressions
and I was listening a couple example I
was just moving on to a game that I
can't stop playing right now a binding
of issac which you know you spend most
of the game with very low health lost in
these in these dungeons not knowing
what's around the next corner and that
goes along with thee the general theme
is of course you're running away from
your abusive mother and so the parallel
between like fearing for your own
well-being and not knowing what's going
to happen next is is very real and
strong I feel so all right here's what
I'm gonna do guys and I'm giving you
fair warning I'm going to leave the room
and start a new one to see if we can to
give other people a chance if they want
to play I'm gonna leave the group and
start a new group so other people have a
chance to play if they want to that's my
idea and this time only DLC pack the my
my question that I posed to you as far
as No More Heroes is concerned is in any
games as our discussion is how do the
game mechanics mirror the theme
No More Heroes is actually about gaming
the main character no more okay he
represents gamers like in general he's
he's a nerdy guy who is not aware of how
nerdy he is oh oh hold on hold on hold
on
wait rich rich although they're saying
they can't hear you

[Part V]
is my okay I've just started the stream
again his riches audio good now LOL well
it'll take a little bit to hear from
everyone we heard you we heard you that
okay rich you'll have to tell me cuz I'm
gonna really yeah it looks like you
might not have to turn the upsala
because nobody has said that oh wait the
stream died
yeah it stopped and restarted I can can
you hear me now am I am i audible this
worked the last time so I can only
assume this will it'll work this time
not cancel the Skype call and then I
gotta come back and what did you have
been you know exactly as it was but oh
sure but you know like I didn't want
like if we heard you like you know
rustling with your keys or you're doing
stuff when you were really coming in
your place just like we're talking about
games art wait can I hear you I hear him
not yeah they can hear me now so we're
talking about games sorry oh great and
then I mentioned No More Heroes and then
Jack said through gameplay and I just
completely ignored that right because
rich likes to think about games under
all the artists one not just gameplay
alright you can do that there's you talk
about noise right right it's no more
noise is about gaming
Travis touchdown the main character No
More Heroes he's he's kind of just you
know he represents gamers in general
he's he's a nerdy guy who is not at all
some conscious about how nerdy he is he
he has an apartment when he collects
anime and he's a fan of wrestling he is
he represents gamers and he's he's
obsessed with being the top-ranked
assassin and in the in the meta story
that means the best of Gabe reason he's
a hardcore gamer and he's gonna be the
number one ranked you he wants
be on the top of the leaderboard alright
and sure zeroes there are our missions
you get assigned in every every every
ranked battle is like a new game he buys
in order to get that game in order to be
able to afford the entry fee for the
battle he has to get a regular normal
everyday schmuck job boring and tedious
but that actually might not a deliberate
choice because the open world and No
More Heroes is actually pretty barren
there's not much you could do because
that's like the real world the real
world is gonna bring standard boring
place and Travis works some kind of job
he doesn't enjoy so he can afford money
to basically buy a game which is the
rank battle and so there's that that
medal there's no more heroes that I find
interesting and Silvia she's kind of
like a producer who's trying to sell
Travis on the new rank battle or the new
game so no more hero aren't rich they're
calling that arty-farty bullshit that's
okay yeah we cannot hear you chew food
if you chew back there well that's good
who the F 0 course that was a good one
too
yeah we'll definitely let's do the def 0
course next for everyone who's listening
everyone choose F 0 course no and by the
way I buy that I buy your your No More
Heroes argument I accept your argument
as the the art of the story and the art
of the world the open-world is boring
and that's me yeah yeah ok all right you
know what I'll buy that I'll buy that
it's not a you know No More Heroes was
not necessarily my thing but i buy i buy
your art rich
like everyone fuck ah fuck everyone this
is getting this is getting more serious
now that we have 12 people involved are
you losing are you like 11th place now
um I'm in 12 for it now yeah yeah I'm
doing pretty terrible
i I've I won the first race I got 1st
place the first race and I got 2nd place
the second race so we'll see if we can
if we can work our way up I had a really
good powerup for being in 1st place
before that I had to get rid of I had
the horn which if you're in first place
the horn is the only thing that can
cancel out the blue shell of death but
that does not help you advance so we
needed to get rid of that Anna's bananas
don't help me none and 6th goddamn place
I need something better than bananas ok
so no more heroes art I fully stand by
that all right I like that well no and
you know I was trying to think of
examples examples of games you know
obviously Shadow of the Colossus is is a
fine example of kind of ice being
isolated and having to fight these
unimaginable monsters of depression
after losing a loved one you know like
there's some really good there's some
very good aiming in gameplay in Shadow
of the Colossus my personal pick was for
Metroid Prime is because I really like
Metroid Prime but also I think like you
know exploration its it handled mystery
very well I'd like Metroid Prime more if
I could use a mouse hello that's fun
allowed to go it's all I got
okay great I'm glad I wanted a good ad
so before I left we're talking about
yeah the Clone Saga III said oh that's
right we were talking about spider-man
story ever made and then the chance
started talking about one more day yeah
and you have a point and but that made
me think though just about how many
awful awful
spider-man stories there have been since
the mid-nineteen them all so far I've
come up with maximum carnage garbage
garbage
there were Parker's CIA agent parents
come back from the dead but they're
really robots sicht on him by the
chameleon garbage mm-hmm
gwen stacy has adult babies fathered by
the green goblin the other and then yeah
and you have to play the other to me
again because i have not read the other
bullshit a lot of a lot of bullshit
worse bullshit in magic and magical
power i whatever and i don't know if the
story had a name but there was the one
where spider-man turned into like a
giant real spider who then gave birth to
Peter Oh not which made you most you
know it's it's one of those things with
comic books where spider-man has been
swinging webs since the 60s and after 90
years you know you're gonna tell it
you're gonna tell a dud of the story
somewhere in that nine
year run see you have to give a little
break but also like yeah maybe it's time
to you know what maybe it's time to come
up with a new superhero shit I didn't
need to do that I didn't need to do that
I had a good power of not paying
attention
oh fuck you fuck you guy with bomb I had
I had the super 8 powerup which gives
you eight random power-ups and I had a
good ones like I had a star I had a
mushroom I had a lot of good power-ups
and I was just saving to get out of this
one area someone hit me with a bomb
I lost all my goddamn power-ups
everything sucks everything's terrible I
mean easy place god damn it I am I'm
having a lot of fun I really enjoy
racing against everybody here because
they're into it they're into it like I'm
into it and so it's a really good
challenge oh by the way thank you
everyone for racing with me I really
like this this is super great fun it's
it's mostly super great fun because I
think twice now I've come in first place
and so that makes me feel good
Jack and rich how much money do I have
to donate to you directly to be allowed
in your Skype call for five minutes
I fell for jokes
I have a price $5,000
Vienna Skype call and if you don't tell
one fart joke every minute we hang up on
you because that's what you said you
said you wanted in four part jokes so no
no you know what just you need to tell
to fart jokes within the five minutes
you need to open with a fart joke then
you can chat with us and you have to
close the question is jacked you agree
with the the price point I don't care
well I don't care so sure yeah I agree I
think I think we can work for Frank for
five thousand dollars he can go until he
goes 45 seconds without a fart joke yeah
well he just said he wanted to tell
jokes
as long as as long as he doesn't make us
wait longer than 45 seconds for the next
one he can keep going with fart jokes
that's what five thousand dollars will
get yeah but I also think he just wants
to chat with us he's got those 45
seconds between fart jokes joke chat a
bit
so you're saying every fart jokes buys
him more time Wow
see that's that to me is too hard but
you know rich makes the rules guys which
one part full minute so every fart joke
buys him another minute of that
ah you know I think I have one I think
that's really funny and great my only
problem is like what if we start having
a good conversation and I just want to
be like hey quit interrupting us what
the fuck's our house call to be
determined whether or not you have to
keep telling fart jokes okay I like that
okay damn it Rosalina get out of here
get out of my she's rich rustling is all
up in my she's oh this is a great track
we're playing to meet city one and thank
you everyone for voting on this one
except for like the two assholes who
didn't uh this is a great track I really
love this track even though you're in
eighth place yeah it's a fun race this
is a fun race I'll fuck you know this
feels good to race on it feels like a
nice mix between you know like like a
challenge and and and smooth you're
right John Kela all we'd have to do all
he would have to do is Google fart jokes
but then again he will have paid $5,000
for the privilege sure sure oh that's I
mean that's terrible but it's funny does
that count as a fart joke
take my wife fart is that a fart joke do
we get to rank his fart jokes or or as
long as it it is technically a joke I
think I think we can rule that as as it
goes on if we don't yeah judge McCall's
judgment calls
alright I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
leave the group and start a new group
again to make sure that other people get
a chance
buddy I just want to let you know a lot
I say I'm gonna say thanks for coming
about Dirk Huber says samurai mallcop I
love dark humor my sense of humor is
very dark nothing nothing in comedy is
sacred as long as you're genuinely funny
no you know what nothing in comedy is
sacred no matter what even if your joke
fails like right now I think comedy is
sacred
as long as long as you are legitimately
telling a joke nothing is sacred it
doesn't have to be funny you know jokes
can fail that's the thing but as long as
you are actually telling a joke nothing
to see that's the glorious thing about
God and yes the $5,000 would count
towards the $1,000 fee to see the rich
Evans yearbook photo that's great that's
great rage hi great everybody's here
I like this I like this oh yeah rich did
you see that paul blart mall cop whoo
that's the thing yeah whatever yep I'm
making it I'm making it it's a thing
we're making is your favorite preacher
story arc oh you know what I need to
borrow those preacher books from you
ones yeah just got the first one and
she's had it for months
I don't think she's going to read it but
god damn it
yeah I do I don't if I don't know if my
choice for favorite is going to be
popular and everybody else but I've
always been quite fond of salvation yeah
I know you know you might not be
familiar with it but there's kind of a
change of pace for preacher
that was where the group kind of lit up
and Jesse took some time off from
looking for God and he just kind of
became the sheriff of a small town in
Texas and he went up against a corrupt
slaughterhouse owner a slaughterhouse
that he'd like to sleep with with the
crinkles rich the crinkles we can hear
those crinkles putting things away I'm
just letting you know those sprinkles
came through loud and clear
I'm gonna set a reminder to everyone in
the chat here for me to have something
crinkles during your first stream it's
fine during your first your first solo
stream in which I call in I'm gonna shit
yeah that was pretty bad yeah oh shit
damn it it was it was very loud I'm
wearing headphones so you know oh all up
in my headphones rich it was all up in
my head what's not what I'm eating but I
I didn't feel like cooking macaroni
during the stream I just went out and I
got a burger yes why don't you eat real
quick because I haven't eaten since 3:00
yeah yeah I mean that's very important
they just want to know how's anyone how
was your day rich yeah you doing the
door exam company coming in tomorrow so
gerrae
all right no that is that is by the way
neither found or exciting I did play
some time that's always okay that's good
yeah both fun and exciting and I hear
Devin like a seven I'll take a seven
I got to serve the Empire oh yeah sure
is that a good thing we're gonna have to
string that one of these days all right
listen I'm okay with that I'm okay with
that that sounds that sounds like a game
that I'm interest yeah watching other
people myself right but I would like to
watch you play that while I talk about
inane bullshit though if that that
counts Oh everyone wants the Excitebike
one Hey
x-wing CD Edition TIE fighter is the
better game of the two tie fighter wins
response to a Chet
oh okay I with you oh I see someone
mentioned Culver's and the Chad Culver's
is that you're just playing in the world
you fine covers great a good you need a
good evil place I'm not gonna have any
good year replaces I miss I miss Bobby
Ross key but they're not an everyday
treat like heroes you'd have like you're
gonna have three heroes each bug heroes
heroes are the most overrated not at all
let's get you think that because you
live in Milwaukee yeah and I don't have
a good euros apparently okay alright
I'll buy that
I'll buy that for exactly one dollar you
get the reference the reference to both
Robocop in a video game that was played
Rizzo
yeah and I guess that might be true I've
really disliked euros and everyone loves
euros and I just don't get it it's like
shitty meat in a shitty falafel with
shitty so you've had shit euros yeah
yeah okay you know what I'll buy that
well I will believe you cuz I that has
happened to me before where I've had
food that I've disliked the good version
of that food and it's like oh my god you
know for most of my adult life I did not
eat cake I've never been overly fond of
cake actually you know what I don't it's
mostly the frosting I don't like yeah
too sweet too much yeah yeah and that
was my problem is most cake like had
really bland actual cake and I mean the
frosting was all sugar and so I just
stopped eating cake and told myself that
I was just not a cake eating kind of guy
then I started having good cake and it
was like oh oh
I get why cake is a thing like there's
this great little restaurant around the
corner from us and they they have like
cupcakes and every single one of their
cupcakes is a goddamn delight to the
senses you're not here Luigi waluigi
that's even worse
not here we'll hit you with my banana
and we'll hit truth Oh bro oh it's you
Oh Brian you watch your Jack he wants
your soul he did he beat me Brian beat
me how do you feel about ash versus the
Evil Dead do you know do you not know
about this yeah the series the TV series
you know oh dude we talked about this oh
yeah we might have just talked about it
in real life I am hesitant over anything
like that mostly because I don't think
that
Bruce Campbell is a leading man anymore
yeah but you know what III like ash and
evil dead enough that I'm willing to
give it a chance okay I mean is it gonna
be made by all I know I'm assuming
Rama's gonna have something to do with
it I doubt he's gonna direct every
episode but I have to assume he's in
there somewhere
what has he been doing Anna what has Sam
Raimi been up to lately I'm not sure
what has he done since the spider to do
anything after the spider-man movie sure
you made a jillion dollars no I'm yeah
well I'm sure he did I'm just actually
curious because we need a hectare that I
really thinks he produces dragging me
down yeah that was a sentence I was the
great and powerful right oh that poor
guy he did I don't know this is before
after him he did that baseball one to
the love of the game right before wasn't
it yeah before I spent a minute Hey damn
it was she but he's a goddamn Yoshi any
I haven't seen who's Campbell lately I
don't know I don't know how he's holding
up that might be full it might be fine
yeah it could be fine no you know I this
is what I want to say we've we might
have had this discussion in chat but
maybe maybe it was just a real-life
don't agree talked about the Evil Dead
series in chat which is it's I really
like that show a spy show oh my god get
when it's called a Burn Notice really
like Burn Notice that's a fun little
that's a fun little show and he plays
the Lackey best friend on Burn Notice
and I think he does a killer job at that
but ask him to be a leading man again
and I think
gonna have problems Oh older men can't
be looting well I don't think you older
men can be leading men older men like
Bruce Campbell okay you know he was a
strange leading man to begin with I'm
still on an LLC it's not gonna hurt okay
see it episode you know to Shea it will
not hurt you to see an episode a Cosme
that's gonna cost me I lost my boost out
of turn
yep I got a rest gel on my ass all right
that's gonna cost me that's a costume
yep I knew it if I would have had that
boost I wouldn't have been in range of
that read show read she'll make me lose
my job cost me some time Brian your
heart generally dammit
uh no yeah but I think Brian's in front
of me some other asshole you know
assholes I'm surrounded by assholes
yeah oh no no no you fuck fucking
waluigi you're gonna see this in a
second rich ah I do almost do it and
then Phil iowa's well I almost got third
which would have been a respectable
placing and and right at the finish line
literally inches away from the finish
line I got a red shell you've seen it
now and you know it's just one of those
things where it's like it would have
been faster for my meat to get out of
the cart and walk across the finish line
then get that cart started now is you're
having yeah yeah oh I really think that
I really am I really am genuinely having
fun
I didn't want to do that what are we
gonna do guys we're gonna play many
mam's you know what let's do a boy over
it one more time please for the love of
rod turn up Mario Kart to human levels
of listening oh can you guys not hear
Mario Kart one is one comment I read so
I don't know how the chat feels about it
but oh ok now one guy thought oh you
know we do that one guy can't hear it I
can turn it Mario Kart sorry I didn't I
didn't uh yeah you know jack isn't
listening to the stream itself so no I'm
listening to the real things somebody
else says forget that Marco do annoying
oh Jesus Christ of course never you know
what never mind I should have known
better than listening to the chat only
listen to mods we can't hear ya the
audio is usually if the audio is fucked
up you guys tell me like right away so
because we didn't hear anything right
away I do maybe it's bad I don't know
maybe this just you know you're in the
middle of yeah well we match right now
so worried about that I did turn it up
I've turned it up before this match so
hopefully you guys can hear it better
now maybe I don't know what yeah
everything's fine
it's right yeah yeah everything's
I don't know I don't know nothing about
nothing that's not rude how many times
if you come in for a second a third Jack
I'm just curious you know are you doing
good in general are you doing okay
I think I think I've come in first
enough times for me to be satisfied
obviously it's not the way it's not
every time you know I'm not wrecking
here but you're holding your own I feel
like I'm holding my own I might not be
but I feel like I am what were some
friends right now things pretty in front
of you yeah yeah there's someone very
much in front of me and I'm not gonna
reach him in time I had a red shell did
not reach him in time
that's second I feel pretty good about
second I feel pretty good about second
there's some strong competition here
rich strong competition oh my god is
flappy bird art is flappy bird art
that's a good question purchase game
somebody made he took a donor symbol
Donny did he put it back up you put it
back up yeah it was it was down for a
while yeah okay here's the definition of
art the expression or application of
human creative skill and imagination
typically in a visual form such as
painting or sculpture producing work to
be appreciated primarily for the beauty
or emotional power so yes flappy bird is
art is an application of human creative
skill and imagination flappy bird is
100% art it might not be high art you
might not be trying to tell us anything
with flappy bird but all games art okay
yes not only all games
is oh hey we're gonna leave a group off
the road racing art is that an
application of human skill was a shitty
cash grab that went wrong ah still I
want to say it's still a creative work I
don't know if this is actually working I
should pay attention to who joins the
game here if me like leaving the group
and enjoy it starting a new one is
making new people come in every time I
feel like it is and so Andrews here Oh
ever ever happens thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it okay great
here is 12 of us let's play let's play
no no not only games but every single
piece of advertising that you see is art
every movie is art the question is
whether or not something is high art or
low art right is there something that
really makes you think or is there
something that says I'm a wrecking ball
I want to break down your walls just you
know find a game you enjoy and enjoy it
that's all you have to do there's
nothing wrong with just enjoying a game
for enjoying game listen Mario Kart is
not hired okay
there's nothing there's nothing deep in
the message of Mario Kart maybe maybe
the messages have fun with your friends
even though you hit each other sometimes
but now there's no higher than what
we're doing here that doesn't mean it's
not fun ooh
Maya has a really good question am i
buying amiibos
and the answer is goddamn no oh stupid
ass amiibo things suck my balls I'm not
buying a sock wipe to six months from
now and you're surrounded by an Evo's
yes yes yes
I have no plans on buying amiibos is I
guess the correct way to stay bad oh
fuck I I think they're the stupidest
thing in the world so I do not plan on
buying any me bones right now if you
have certain amiibos the the benefit you
gain in Mario Kart is different outfits
that's a real thing range is your me can
wear like a samus metroid armor if
youhave you by me to wear a samus our
boat then then good on you you you have
the ability to do this to me that's not
worth it it's the same thing with Team
Fortress 2 and their goddamn hats like
I'm okay with hats like I get it it's a
cosmetic are they going to have their
own like Skylander like game too or no I
can only imagine that's part that's part
of the endgame because it's such a big
moneymaker or for other companies that
do it but there's nothing announced
right now right now you get outfits in
Mario Kart and special attacks and Smash
Brothers when that comes out oh I don't
know I think it's it's dumb I really do
but like you said clockwise mantra now
when I have all 25 or however many there
are and found a really good deal on us
right I'm scouring eBay but I don't know
it's only only $500 for I could read
Kirby whatever this one puts a green
sticker on your bees hat very rare very
rare this one actually is a japan-only
import and it makes smoke come out of
your me it's really exciting you know
it's it's a thing where some people will
pay for the cosmetic differences and
some people will enjoy that and if if
you enjoy that good for you like that's
your thing man go ahead you know I don't
begrudge anyone else how they spend
their money but it's just not something
I plan on spending my money on I miss oh
no I'm just buying the chat someone was
saying they miss playing tf2 I do too I
have not played Team Fortress 2 in a
while mostly because I want them to be
done with the scream fortress thing
which I wanted no part of if I wanted to
play Mario well you know some servers
stick around and I just wanted to all be
done
it's I actually think it just got over
with recently oh I think I'm gonna be
playing tf2 also Binding of Isaac
rebirth came out and I'm not joking in
100% of my free time and my not free
time when I should be doing other stuff
is being dedicated to Binding of Isaac
rebirth I'm really enjoying that game
playing it mostly on my Vita not I don't
have a lot of steam hours logged in in
fact the only steam hours I have logged
in were when i streamed it last week so
but getting a ton of hours on my Vita
and I've really been enjoying it
chad is telling me I have to play kotor
again yeah because I hate it did you did
you get I think Jedi's are born and did
you were you here when Rich was talking
about how he does not like I don't like
JRPG turn-based combat that's different
than like an X comm kind of combat which
is actually interesting JRPG you just
hit the button that says attack and the
game plays itself and you just keep back
over and over again until everybody's
dead
or you are and it's horribly boring and
it's horribly repetitive I don't see a
big difference alright between maybe
maybe this is my lion brain a crocodile
brain expedito big difference and shot
percentages and it's it's not the game
rolling dice on its own you're you're
making you're making tactical decisions
and XCOM you're not in a JRPG just
attack attack attack attack yeah I I
think there are tactical decisions in
what attack no because there's like
there's there's bonuses like oh I can
increase strength to teammates or heal
up or yeah there's I think I think
there's stuff you're missing out on no
okay no no no shit oh my god I'm in 12
everything is terrible
oh and this is the third lap I'm sure
people have already have already crossed
the finish line oh I'm gonna get I'm
gonna get last place come here you Jacob
come here Jacob oh I think I might have
yes
I beat out yaeko and got 11 also relies
on the RNG but you're at least making
tactical decisions and I think there's a
different kind of tactics involved in a
JRPG or tory like a sheriff eg in many
many many years but at least the classic
ones in the in these nest and days it
was all just find the most effective
attack and spam it 58 times in a row
yeah and then grind endless grinding
endless motherfucking boring game
finding Oh terrible terrible terrible
you you know what
terrible and you know actually this is
something that got cut out of the zelda
conversation you and I have a different
definition of grinding in in these types
of games and there is grinded JRPGs but
grinding is not just leveling up you
know as far as I'm concerned grinding is
when you are doing something repetitive
over and over that's not the main game
only to raise your level right and I
think there are a lot of RPGs that
handle level correctly where you're
leveling up as the game progresses
naturally but like a lot of Final
Fantasy games you do there there is a
lot of grinding because you know the
boss is so powerful or whatnot but I you
when you say grinding a lot of times I
feel like you're just saying about
leveling up it's the repetitive action
just just to level up and it's really
tedious it's really boring and it
usually takes forever I hate it yeah as
as you should by the way as you should
that's what you do in your classic JRPG
though that's the game well but not all
the time not all the time no because
there is leveling up as the game
progresses you know as the game
progresses you fight harder enemies that
give you more experience and and so
there is leveling up that happened
that's not saying anything about the
whiney preteen heroes Oh God oh I don't
like I don't like the stories I don't
like that so I don't like the grinding I
don't like the random encounters you
know I love like Tom's going around
talking to people I've always loved that
aspect but everything else that goes
with it all right that's fair
listen that's fair
isn't there grinding involved in XCOM
XCOM has absolutely zero grinding well
the fact that your characters love it
but you mean you can't grind
you can't fight repetitive battles just
to the level up your characters I mean
you get missions or the don't right
right it's it's not XCOM does not have
random encounters where you could get
emit you know you go out and and does
not have that right right that's what
he's talking about with grinding is when
you're like like let's say you're you're
powerful in an RPG and you decide to go
to a low-level area just to raise up
your numbers a little bit
that's what grinding is and you cannot
do that and XCOM I'm with your inch I am
with you rich only likes cutscenes
that's absolutely correct which is not
in fact like games at all I've heard
that about rich somewhere I've heard
someone say that about rich uh-huh I
mean it was me just now I said yep well
and we're bad at them because we don't
play them how developer antenna does and
it's hope for aliens to be boring
because it's if that's what they
intended that's the design they designed
it to be that way I don't doesn't we're
not talk about anything work we're not
we're not doing it anymore we're not
talking about anything the rule just
this this is just what I've been reading
lately yeah listen they keep up they
keep they keep mentioning how bad we are
at that game hopefully now they'll
mention how bad we are at Zelda to say
door has no grinding on great characters
that's fine but you do realize I hate
jet ice as characters I hate Jedi's
I'm not overly fond of the Star Wars
universe there's a lot of crap there in
the expanded universe I don't think
there's much a mentor for me I hear to
have really great cutscenes cuz I know
you love cutscenes
okay dammit god dammit nine oh my god
you guys are killing me just killing me
here someone is saying don't you get it
rich your audience wants you to damn
scrolling screams you know what Phillip
Oh Bruno says don't you get it rich your
audience wants you to like what they
like so you have to yeah oh yeah I guess
that's true yeah you guys like it it's
really it's okay that we have different
opinions on yes I know I have to please
you know nuts for the 10,000th time and
that's not one I'm avoiding and just I
played the hell out of X comma now I
really need to be in the mood for that
kind of game again before I do it it's
definitely on my list I don't think
people understand how many games I have
now uh no thank you for that but a lot
of games well not only games that you
know like you just need to get to on a
personal level but you know we have we
have a list of games that we need to get
to for work and it's just like you'd be
surprised how much time playing games
cuts into your fine game yeah it's
really true tenth you know bad about
that that's okay I'm tiring a little bit
am I excited for Arkham Knight yes and
no um I've loved the other Arkham games
but the only gameplay I've seen of
Arkham Knight is the Batmobile shit and
I fucking hated it because I hate the
bat tank so I am
I'm a little bit worried about Arkham
Knight but I am still I would still say
I'm looking forward to it yes I concur
you know what

[Part VI]
here we go gonna keep going you playing
keep on keeping on
that's what we're gonna do maybe I'll
change my character you know when I'm
gonna be pea I'm gonna be preaching
again
oh wow that each in a goddamn cat suit
you know I changed my car to new cars
here we go well we got the habit and I'm
gonna be this and we'll be this sports
coupe yeah yeah sports coupe great Jim
Mariinsky says which or jack do you
think the next-gen consoles are worth
buying not yet not so far no spend money
on PCs for PC uh yeah I've not been
wowed by any game this gen so I'm sure
there'll be a good one at some point I
hope that's yeah and I mean if you're
gonna spend this is I want to say we've
talked about this in in stream before
but if you're gonna spend money on a
console like you you need to have a
console in your life for some reason
spend it on a Wii U because all the
other games for all the other consoles
will eventually but again how much does
a gaming PC see yeah it's it's more it's
it's definitely more but if if you're
already saving money like let's assume
you're you're putting money aside or
remember a ps4 right yes ps4 has a lot
of good titles and is a fine gaming
machine as is the Xbox one as is that we
you you'll just have to put aside money
for a little bit longer and you can have
a PC gaming rig that can play everything
I could play goddamn everything and also
just be a computer for stuff that you
with PC yes Oh 100% 100% probably can't
afford gaming PC and you want to know if
you should get a console I don't know I
don't know there's a game that's really
worth it yeah not for me personally I'm
sure I'm not paying too much I'm sure
the chat has just listed off a whole ton
of games that they like is out know that
I need and you know Mays won't wait
prices will come down and by the time
you do find a good game it'll you don't
be even more affordable because the
prices have gone down on the Xbox Expos
for whatever no and and my
recommendation is 100% gaming PC don't
even don't it's unless you're gonna buy
Wii U and with a Wii U you know what
games are getting yeah oh sorry just
just finish the thought where it's just
like if you are not into the Mario games
if you are not into the games that
Nintendo makes yeah obviously don't buy
Wii U if that's your kind of thing then
that's what you get but in in my mind
there there is very little reason to buy
a ps4 or an Xbox over a gaming PC that
is it and I know I know people think we
we hate Triple A games as a rule but the
honest the honest truth is just there
have not been ones I've been wanting to
play lately
nothing nothing misgendered and you know
in my my games library from consoles
past and older PC games I've I've done a
lot of games that would be considered
triple-a but the last two or three years
they've not made anything that just made
my mouth water and oh I got a plate
yeah game gaming PC plus or minus two
miles and oh no I think you have to come
on no no no one has to I've seen decent
rigs for around $1,000 I've seen deed
and you know what there are even decent
rigs depending on what games you want to
play for under $1,000 for like eight
five eight hundred dollars or like eight
hundred dollars I think you can get a
decent rig were you're not gonna be
playing you're not going to be playing
on the most extreme graphics but you
will have you'll have a rig that can do
you well for 800 which is relatively not
much more than a console will cost you
right and and to me to me that's
incredibly worth it for the games you
get to play or for Steam and they're
beautiful beautiful steam sales or do G
for Humble Bundle goddammit Humble
Bundle is the greatest thing in the
world you know all these wonderful
things that you can't get through
through consoles and you know I I have
my Vita and I've really been enjoying my
ps+ membership for my Vita which gives
you free games and I know X bone does
the same thing now right where they
don't know free games either on okay
rich was not the source to confirm that
but I'm I believe that exponent is doing
the same thing where they are also now
giving you free games and you know to
get realistic that's another question
that you need to ask yourself is like
what kind of ecosystem are you looking
for if your friends are all on Xbox and
you want to talk to your friends while
you play again an Xbox right if your
friends are all on ps4 and you want to
talk while you all play ps4 good piece
for bud
I could take a look at that PC gaming
it's where it's at
and this is coming from someone who was
a hardcore lifelong console gamer PC
gaming is beautiful Jeff brought up the
fact that I like Grand Theft Auto 5 yeah
yeah one game in the last few years all
right one game I don't think that
changes my argument very much I don't
know rich do you think that that's worth
that's worth a new console one game that
won't come out on PC at some point I'm
sure I'm sure well Jesus Christ
someone is way in the lead here how do
you even get this far in front of people
boomerang at you you saw what that blue
rockstar games are given as being great
you didn't realize we did streamed body
harvested some well I think they're
saying now like now they're giving us
great you know they had a rough patch
everybody has a rough patch rich there
is a TMNT slash Ghostbusters crossover
comic out from IDW comics that seems
like the most blog woods team-up of all
time I know does that even happen do
they go on the holodeck and they go end
to just exist in the comic book Ninja
Turtles universe I don't awkward team up
once Oh No oh wait hold on you said tee
TMNT I heard I misread that yeah huh no
you said TMNT III heard
oh so I was thinking of a Star Trek The
Next Generation and Ghostbusters team-up
which was even weirder like a science II
connection I'm gonna say TNG and the
Ghostbusters you know because because
some kind of storyline you know both the
turtles and the Ghostbusters live in New
York so they they both live in New York
most Awkward crossover and it happens
because it was such a weird I don't know
a joke uh Archie from Archie comics
actually teamed up with The Punisher
there was a Punisher Archie crossover
yes I have no but it was made it existed
yes
no she meets the Punisher was that like
it was a joke but I know what happened
oh my god I need to read that now that
sounds brilliant that sounds like
exactly the kind of thing I wanna read
that's hilarious somebody's saying
there's an Archie and a predator that's
that's just great
I do own the predator crossover I was
young what I read it's not yeah it's not
as great as I remember it I remember
reading it when I was younger and
thinking that it was the bee's knees and
it's not that great but it's it's fun is
what it is mostly because it's very
Batman is not it's not very Batman
Center
unfortunately and predators kind of an
on character god damn god damn god damn
knock knock in my ass around fire fire
fire fire fire Oh first two laps I'm in
first I am now in 12th I wasn't at first
I was in second the first lap I'm now in
12th and not feeling great about that
rich these are things that are happening
in my life you can make a comeback on a
grand dramatic ultimate comeback of all
time and then you know and then get
knocked back in the play I could yep I
can use superior racing skill to get
back up into position and then the blue
shell hit me and then it's all over
get out of here Oh y'all missed her
glitch you fucking nut ah
oh he he bashed me into a wall mr.
clutch bashed me into a wall and caused
me to stop sir all momentum lost oh it's
okay we were batching back and forth
that's part of the game it's part of the
game yes be okay with stuff like that
okay here we go real reason favorite
open-world games I've always loved the
grand theft auto games I think right
yeah favorite open-world is probably san
andreas yeah yeah they had a lot of good
stuff I remember like months after
owning san andreas I've run across I ran
across like a a little no bird nowhere
town you're a little podunk town I don't
even know it was there that was like
that game was just so packed with stuff
yeah yeah the once once Grand Theft Auto
I think San Andreas is when they really
hit their stride still fun and once they
hit that straight before you know four
was a step backwards for was for was
realism for realism sake fine yeah five
like Roger five is fun I still think I
like the on highly unrealistic driving
of the the PlayStation 2 era games
though highly highly unrealistic but
damn was it the fun I love just taking
one of the motorbikes just driving it
around anywhere yes yeah if you could
get your hands on a motorcycle and
sometimes you'd have to steal a car just
so you can go into the woods so you can
get like the choppers those are the most
fun to find like steal from the Harley
riders the crotch rockets sure oh I sure
I mean the crotch rockets were more
efficient but you know
it's just me sure well let you know it's
what it is is it's a testament to in
andreas is like ability just to fuck
around where I I'd like to hog just for
the looks and like just to ride around
with it you know it had nothing to do
with like being better in the game or or
any of the head bullshit I just wanted
to ride around in the head
okay peach in the catsuit is one of the
most disturbing things in gaming oh he
makes little noises when I do my jumps
yeah it was a great respect for women
well no it's a it's a it's not like a
cat suit like a skin-tight outfit it's
like an I think
did you ever see super Princess Peach oh
yeah okay no I'm super polite that was
da emotional being an emotional woman
yes yes yes by the way miss Anna desert
frying or beep OD yep no or yelling she
could get angry in the end shame madness
she could nag her way out of a situation
highly highly progressive I would I
would I would like to believe that some
people were shamed for making that game
I got you mister glitch oh no Brian I
got you Brian
I beat you just barely at the M
oh man do they not know about 3d worlds
do you mean Super Mario Brothers 3 day
worth yeah yeah Jekyll's whoo
yeah I'm not terribly interested in
playing it it looks it looks very fun it
looks like a good Mario game so I got a
bronze trophy Tex with frying pan and
smash okay yeah well you know that's
less obnoxious because she also attacks
with their own kind of club you know she
just attacks with random items so that's
not necessarily like a I'm a woman so
I'm really using the cooking item that's
that's more just here's a random item to
hit people with that's sound not as bad
as having super emotional problem powers
yes super okay this is gonna be by the
way you guys this is the last race this
is the last set of races go get I'm
feeling again tired but press F to play
to pay respects one of these days people
I would like to have a calm conversation
about button prompts and games doesn't
have to be today they're gonna be a wiry
up Mario you know what I like Wario he
farts we're gonna we're gonna have a
chat one of these days about button
prompts in games
peste press f to pay respects Kim and I
was are you guys all here already four
four four great well or saying F I don't
know why prep they're pressing X the
Call of Duty thing the Call of Duty
thing so they're doing it they're paying
respects
because that's the dumbest thing in the
world but we have to pay respects press
F ticket to skip cutscene absolutely
head press that F all fucking day press
X to not get raped
thanks new Tomb Raider that's right
hey well yeah we'll get there we'll get
oh yeah have you guys been seeing I saw
someone mentioned the new Assassins
Creed rich have you seen like all the
assassins there's some kind of crazy
that's going on but I don't know any of
the details and I would I would
appreciate hearing about it what what is
going on the new Assassin's Creed unity
is glitched out oh fuck
well we got here is a triple-a title and
it is glitchy as all shit and people are
pissed yeah like characters are melting
your maps are floating directly effects
with DLC see compounds for some reason
decide it would be a good idea to take
on all of the worst aspects of PC gaming
with patches whatnot hey dispatch it
later uh you know what listen don't be
hating on patches patches are great for
actual problems but when there's all of
these problems with the thought that oh
we can just patch it later then there's
a problem you're getting fucked again
right that's that's yeah I just yeah did
you see that the supreme fuckery yeah I
got I got a bad place there I'm crawling
my way back now I mean they could be
right it almost seems like there cuz
every single fucking person hit me I
have no idea rich I I would like to
think they're coordinating cuz maybe
that means I'm not as bad as I'm playing
but man yeah sometimes sometimes I don't
know
I'm just shot straight and trying hard
here tryin hard we're doing it we're
doing it hitting all of them didn't get
the power up need the power up need the
power of God like banana
oh fuck banana I would go see a band
called fuck I probably would not if
there was a band coming to town and they
were familiar with them and just knew
that music was good maybe but no no
that's not the game the game is would
you go see a band name on their band
name off I don't I'm not big on live
music anyway I even a band I like I
would not before stay home and listen to
their CD where the music was
professionally produced rather rather
than a shit oh oh my oh and you know I
provide really like live music I got I
got in 12th place it doesn't look like
things are gonna turn around they're not
going well for you I'm what I'm what I'm
looking at no I know I got really fucked
I have listened to melt banana yeah
stick neutral there's a band called melt
banana and I have heard them I think I
chose a really bad character is what I'm
gonna blame Wario it has the as a good
top speed but has really slow
acceleration and if you if you find
yourself in a groove and you're not
getting hit by too many things it's
really great because you can make a
really great time but if every single
fucker is hitting you with everything
then you have really slow acceleration
well you should have known better you
know they're gunning for him I'd be I
wasn't thinking that I was not thinking
I was nothing no you know I really like
live music there was a there's a while
in which I was getting out every every
week one day a week out go out and just
see live music
jets jets saying if I do her you big on
redshire
that's not like thanks before yeah
Rachel x1 star that was talk to you guys
about how much I like Farscape yeah yeah
you talk well first gave a lot I mean
give it a rest with the Farscape in
saying don't talk about the things you
like don't about things you don't like
oh my god is that what you've been doing
have you been doing about things you
don't like Oh rich get it together
telling me the thief one two three are
on sale for GOG I already bought them
off of GOG in addition to owning the
discs because I'm such a big fan so huh
thank you for the heads up but it's too
late fuck bar art bar
I got back up to seventh feeling good
about that good about seventh when
you're feeling good about seven there
might be something wrong
god damn it okay nine ten eleven come on
I'll miss the power
my big problem now is I'm missing all
the power ups and twelve and I'm at 12
okay Wario favorite episodes of Batman
the Animated Series yeah now you're
talking now that's the conversation
right there it might be episodes of the
Superman animated series but the the
Batman Superman team-up it was like a
three or four part it was pretty good
mm-hm
well for a while that it was it was
Superman individual adventures so I'm
not when they when they when they
collect them on DVD I'm not sure if the
the Batman Superman episodes go on the
Batman DVD you know sure
I'll put my money out there for Clayface
the Clayface two-parter just thinking of
an episode off the top my head that
scared the shit out of me ah just
beautiful monster great story you know
about an actor his ego his his vanity
getting a hold of them is a beautiful
story that's a great phrase
mr. Freeze's great yeah to face the two
phase two-parter I remember liking
I think that's fine yeah there are many
great two-faced stories but as a
character I like the concept though the
one where he had amnesia how about he
was forced into the homeless person
slave camp yep that was a good that was
a good one all the sudden like you know
he like defended himself against the
garden he's like how do I know karate
the one with the villains or the
supervillain bar and they're talking
about the stories almost getting Batman
sure sure yeah yeah that's a good that's
a good one how about oh how about the
the Invisible Man that's a good one
that's a good one
where's just uh it was just about a guy
who like wanted to see his kid and so he
like did it stolen an experimental
animated series that did not have super
villains was like just one where like a
mobsters preacher brother was having
Batman help him try and turn the
mobsters life around I mean you know
yeah yeah yeah yeah there's a couple of
good like mob centric episodes like
we're like or like the episode where
Batman was trying to save like that
the the hospital or the ghetto and it
was like it was just like a real estate
mobile mogul wanna be one of the
property right no supervillain no no I
don't even think they're any mobsters
like just shady business men you know
yeah yeah I'm an animator a ghost good
shit the Gray Ghost yeah
clever way to bring Adam West into the
series yes
yeah that was before any of that kind of
like cameo stuff was big yeah well I
guess superhero things weren't super big
anyway but yeah a nice way to make it
came here it's like we have not
mentioned any Joker episodes so give us
a great character I'm trying to think of
individual great Joker at blows what was
the Joker episode where he just randomly
like got into some guy's car and said I
wasn't he owed him a favor it was
necessarily one year but yeah he like
cut the Joker off yeah girly grandma
that was it
yeah anyway it was just like one day I
will ask you to do something do it yeah
yeah yeah yeah
and that one thing was like a really
small detail in the Joker's crime but
yeah yeah it was something very small
and very tiny but like this the episode
focused on that random dude in the
Batman universe and they could get away
with stuff like that because they were
incredibly clever about it they took a
risk I was a great one or like Oh what
was the episode with like the guy who
beat Batman it's like a low level nobody
when I know the episode you talking
about yeah that low level nobody who
beat Batman in Batman did it on purpose
to like do so
oh every every single sorry what the
robot body was Batman it was leftover
robot from an entirely different episode
yeah yeah yeah but you know what not
every episode I just said that I I was a
little I was a little I was exaggerating
not every episode is the greatest enough
of them were great I was just trying to
think of like like there's one of the
very first Catwoman episodes maybe the
first Catwoman
so it is incredibly subpar I think every
one of her appearances on that Cheryl
hey you know it was what it was is fine
who Arkham Knight is not being written
by Paul Dini oh that's bad that means
the other Arkham games at least the
first two were written by Paul Dini who
was basically the guy in charge of
Batman the Animated Series was probably
part those guys know I'm hearing he's
not involved Arkham Knight and that that
makes me very sad I'm not even more
worried about it that's not good yeah
that could that that also worries me
yeah there's a big change in a sequel
anytime there's a team changing a sequel
there's something wrong
hey come on get there Mario move your
fat ass okay damn it what the hell -
fire oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh how do
you guys coordinating me one right after
the other like that
power up and then when they happen to
say that the person infer them is you
they just think oh I'll use mine no no
you venture no it's great guys oh yeah
that is a really bad choice I thought
you meant just in playing the game it
was a bad choice but now that's not you
cuz you said a Wario not mario yeah get
out of my fuck yeah get out of here yeah
that's right I can use power-ups - okay
all right rich we're going now it's go
time
super concentration mode X oh fuck you
Eric Eric you fuck that's a big fuck you
move when you have a star and you
purposefully bump into other people to
knock them around fuck you Eric
well it really gives you invulnerability
against rough terrain so and it makes
you go faster and it gives you
invulnerability against other items like
it has uses that comes with a red shell
you shouldn't have any qualms with
somebody hitting you when they've got a
star on their head I mean that's part of
what the power does and it does help you
get a further lead of them it's it's
legit I'm Craig now hitting people when
you got the star is shit no no red shell
is all offense okay red shell is a is a
bullet this is this is a this is a knife
this can be used as a tool but someone
used it as a weapon
yeah there's plenty of weapons in this
game just because they use that as a
weapon - I don't know why that would be
any less aggravating than using the
actual weapons oh sure it's because it's
because it happened to me rich
there we go
what do we got oh I get that I get that
nice what's what's our opinion on Batman
Beyond my opinion on Batman Beyond is I
should really give it a chance I've
never really watched it because I didn't
want to watch a Batman series where
Batman isn't Batman someone else's
Batman
I recently rewatched return of the Joker
and I really liked it so I'm thinking
about tracking down some episodes of
Batman Beyond and giving that show a
shot yeah I want to see we talked about
this ice cream before too but you know
if you're new it's a stream yeah Batman
Beyond Batman Beyond it has some really
fun stories and they did some neat stuff
with it it's definitely it's not Batman
it's it's spider-man it's about it's
about a teen who discovers he has powers
and it's way too much like teen boy
problem centric as far as I'm concerned
even when I watch it as a teenage boy I
was sick of it but it's it has some
really neat stories I mean beyond what
is my opinion on the Spanish Inquisition
you never expect the Spanish Inquisition
um nobody expected him that was the
problem
ah I know it was a reverend then you
should you should have said anything I
have I've just seen a reference similar
Jack come on come on I was gonna I was
gonna I was gonna add to the bit and
keep it going for a little bit longer I
have seen one or two episodes of Monty
Python Oh God okay we're wrapping up now
guys so if you have any more burning for
I've already talked about my real and
very harsh dislike of x-men days yes
that's right great I was really wanting
to bring that up because man did I not
like that oh the other thing is is um
something we talked about off stream my
wife and I played a really bitchin card
game over the weekend it's it was partly
designed by the same guy that made
spelunky Derek you and it's called Time
Bandits and it's a two-player like card
game where you battle each arts really
it's really neat called Time Bandits and
rich you and I should play it it's
really great that actually that would be
a really easy we keep talking about
doing line board game screams that would
be a really easy game to do a board game
stream for so maybe we can try it with
that it's cuz it's a very fun game I
like board games a lot you know what
else we played um for Christmas a couple
years ago we got my dad a copy of Star
Trek Catan okay which is it's basically
Settlers of Catan a few special rules
for the Star Trek version but with with
spaceships and space bases and instead
of little areas that you get resources
from it's different planets that you get
resources from and it was awesome you
know why cuz you roll the dice and you
say oh I get to try lithium's no
tritanium x'
and dilations yeah yeah it was it was it
was really if if you're into Settlers of
Catan and Star Trek it's a really fun
game to play very intense even we know
and it was still hard for us to start
playing just cuz the rules are slightly
different no cards against humanity' is
not a game
Oh cards against humanity' this is was
something I this was something I wanted
to bring up when we were talking about
the AVGN man the AVGN man um
saying off-color things is not in itself
a joke this is my broad statement for
for the world to hear
I'm not reference to this card thing but
okay well we'll get there we'll get
there so so in general if I just said
diarrhea filled ball sack that is not a
joke that is possibly a shocking
statement that can uh you listed a
response but that is not in itself a
joke right this is part of my problem
with the AVGN guy is he just says
off-color things and and they're not
really jokes they're just off-color
things so cards against humanity' have
you ever played out those two halves I'm
not that fun of it either
cards against humanity' is apples to
apples but instead of the things saying
normal things they say stuff like nun
rape and like Republicans you know like
they say funny things so you it's it's
basically it's basically a funny thing
generator it's it's an off-color it's an
off-color generator game and I hate it
cuz I don't think it's a game I think
it's it's just an excuse to say dumb
things right well most people wouldn't
do concerns that saying diarrhea right
that kind of thing right right well and
and then it's like you have one card
that says diarrhea and you have another
that says babies right and so then like
diarrhea babies haha right so I was
thinking about someone mentioned cards
against humanity' again to me today and
that got me thinking about why I dislike
the AVGN guy is because I don't think he
makes jokes I think he just makes sure
the color references I mean I I don't
particularly have strong reasons about
the AVGN he does literally the most I
know about him is that nine minutes of
game I played I think I started watching
one I well no I saw his movie - I said I
saw his movie and I played nine minutes
of his games and I do Thomas careful
videos and my opinion is it gets old
quick it's a few and I get it and then I
don't really watch them yeah I don't
know hold on people and shadows ain't it
hey Jack I have a question what do you
think of interview with a vampire
the the book or the film make a
difference okay what do you think I
found it with the ramp I don't write
saghafi kind of vampires
I don't like pretentious fan oh yeah I
think it was a while where I like a big
fan of Fright Night Fright Night is just
an awesome movie okay the original and
that I saw near dark and near dark in
her dark it's fucking great right so I
thought I would hear hampire because of
those two movies and then I read
interview with a vampire at some point
and I thought oh this shit I guess I
don't
all right I mean oh no yeah I didn't
know if you had more to actually have
read the book I just didn't like it yeah
and and that's kind of how I feel like I
I remember when the movie came out it
was a very big deal
I didn't I just it was fine I have no
strong feelings on it either way is my
real thing
it was fine I thought the way in which
they showed the vampires powers in the
movie it was adorable because they
didn't have good well I don't know if
I've seen the movie but in the book it's
just such a boring asshole yeah kind of
just just just have sex with those get
it over with I don't want to read this
shit right what hey rich
Jack and rich I have an editor at
Nickelodeon animation and just wanted to
say thanks for the hours of
entertainment do you guys have any
favorite Nickelodeon shows first of all
good on you neko miko cola i think rich
and I have both talks about our love of
the new to a bit but Teddy Phantom
superheroes Danny Phantom is a fine show
I've never seen the innovative kids show
about a superhero with ghost powers but
my my feel slow your I'm sorry your what
okay well the first season was great the
second one's second season turn into
monster of the week that's you know what
it did but it's still good still good
it's still good but the first seasons
grand slam home run all right yeah yeah
I can definitely agree with that well
they have they're saying lull Danny
Phantom I am I'm sure it's fine I don't
know what else is on Nickelodeon I mean
rich and I are both adults so we don't
get to watch Nickelodeon that often also
I do not have cable this is just my
thing that I don't have anymore so I
like was a teenage robot those Kier show
Oh have we talked about Samurai Jack
before no I haven't seen much Samurai
Jack I like yeah oh my god you should
have watched Samurai Jack
that's Samurai Jack great anyone anyone
who just wants to watch some good shit
and I think it's all on Netflix uptime
and I'm making my thing it's all on
Netflix and it's beautiful really
shockingly surprisingly slow okay
Samurai Jack
like agonizingly slow and its beauty
it's like beautiful slow you know weird
like he takes time to prepare for stuff
yes long they have long conversations
it's it's actually liked it he was
fighting like an army of bug monsters
and he was horribly outnumbered but he
slowly turns the tide eventually what
was a huge army starts running from him
and he's great escape and he takes them
all out now
that's that's really all I've seen of
Samurai Jack but it was entertaining
what I did see yeah cuz watch Samurai
Jack everybody also adventure time is
Cartoon Network
Lindsay yo yo Adventure Time is
adventure time is Fez this beautiful and
fantastic I shut up I forget what they
call up right now all bravest warriors
great bravest warrior
yeah bravest warriors good did you did
you see the new episodes of bein
puppycat
they're fun you see look up bee and
puppycat and it's adorable it's great
being public it on Netflix am red jacket
Netflix is only season to know it used
to be more that's that's a shame as a
shame get a hold of Samurai Jack is the
moral of the story Samurai Jack was part
of like a golden age of of Cartoon
Network shows whereas like that the
Powerpuff Girls Dexter's Laboratory all
that beautiful stop mentioning gravity
falls I haven't seen it I am I didn't
really know what I do you know what I
think it's like a a x-file ash kind of
conspiracy theory ish thing but yeah I
think so I don't know either
you know what rich I don't know either
I've only seen have you watched any
worship Morty I see all these chicken
I'm kidding Rick and Morty I've only
seen the first episode and I mean I
thought it was funny it's like a
chemical take on not not Back to the
Future the movie but at least the
characters in it Marty McFly and Doc
Brown it's like if if Doc Brown were
horribly irresponsible and an alcoholic
it you get okay is horribly awful
situations with his science Morty is
constantly being starved their
adventures and it's it's kind of great
that you know what that is great I
should watch Rick and Morty I've heard
nothing but good things about recommend
Morty Morty McFly is that a real thing I
can't remember wasn't the show but I'm
sure it's not BIC fly because they're
writing I
reboot we've already talked about reboot
I talked about it on the episode and the
run the best of the worst episode reboot
is a show that I watched but I never
finished we said we've talked about
reboot before I'm not gonna we're gonna
we're almost done what happened to
mainframe the guy's a paid reboot I
don't know they still do anything I
don't know are they gone now
I'm sure didn't Oxford J say there was
Canadian yeah they're in Canada they're
fine they don't make sure they go it
doesn't matter they they live in Canada
Canada rich you know what that means
they don't have to do any respect that's
how it works when you're in Canada I'm
getting a little tired you can stop the
stream the stream ending I do wait no I
want to wait I want to I want to wait
for midnight
that feels like a good place handed you
want to wait till midnight it's yeah
wait till midnight because that's a nice
place 12:32 what it's 12:30 what jesus
fucking christ
thanks for coming out
