Sep 17, 2014
No More Heroes, Punch Out Wii
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47723724, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BM9vWb3YPFo
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47723608, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ocHAkOlsAs
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47722768, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6aMUcaqkV8
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47722727, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gYnJJh4dWw
Part V: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47722702, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0SFzqHP1yU
"Tonight, the "Sick & Tired" stream with Rich & Jack. We'll be playing "No More Heroes" 7:00pmCST." (archive.vn/LkJQB)
"Rich is sick and tired....Jack feels fine. NO MORE HEROES!!!!!" (archive.vn/mkYAU)

[Part I]
is try this is try number three for
streaming we'll see we'll see we're
gonna see if this works
yes we know we're a hack for always wait
wait wait wait keep waiting yeah we're
actually streaming oh hello everybody we
get you guys we just did like a whole
intro spiel when we first click the
streaming button yep we're gonna try
that interest PA spiel again hello
everybody I am sick and sitting next to
me is tired I'm tired but I'm feeling
good now I'm feeling terrible um you're
going to occasionally hear nose blows
from me well we'll see how well this
stream goes for one I wanted to play No
More Heroes which we're still gonna do
mmm
but I mean there's a lot of epic talking
and dialogue things that are interesting
with No More Heroes and we don't have
like a pair of headphones set up so Jack
could hear it he'll be playing this for
the first time and he won't be able to
hear it I can hear from the moment a
little bit but we gotta have it quiet so
doesn't pick up on the mic yeah go get a
weird echo then hey I can hear it it's
fine alright everything's gonna be fine
no nothing will ever be fine are they
saying that you sound sexy when you're
sick that's sweet can you guys hear
obviously you hear us can you guys hear
the little we bleep sleaze in bloop
lovelies that's that's the big question
what we're gonna make sure that that's
working before we start really streaming
for real ZZ OH
we're gonna wait till you tell me you
can hear that's what can you hear the we
going do do do it do it do it yeah yes
yes kinda great barely okay perfect it's
perfect everything's perfect alright in
order to in order to scream really I
need a beer
hey Jess gonna get a beer and I'm gonna
I'm gonna try to entertain you uh I did
a little dance so kind of a dance
all right there's entertain you you are
now entertained Oh God kill me oh where
you pretended tap dancing and as all I
can think of Wow Wow okay so I'm gonna
play so let's Jack Jack is gonna play No
More Heroes for the first time what
switch spots here I'll be over here
you'll be over there you check out a
chat yep okay I know people are gonna
ask I have joined Jay in my fault I'm
beer selection so I'm drinking pumpkin
lager these seasonal ale from lakefront
brewery Jack can you move my tissue
bucket over to the side down that we
switched places holy yeah this is your
real tissue bucket I haven't sis you
bucket here people it's but it's also
just like a dirty bucket well that's all
I could find
I'm sorry I couldn't find a cleaner
bucket for my snot rags okay here we go
it's no more heroes time this game so
much I know you do rich I love
everything really wanted to play in this
game he was so intent on playing this
game even though he's super sick right
now he still wanted to play this game oh
I know it's very important that we
tighten hold on I need to I actually
feel very strongly about this well hey
you're kidding right then I'm gonna put
the Wiimote strap on my wrist uh-huh no
yeah
you're kidding I am putting and tighten
it you gotta tighten it
okay the nunchuck is connected I have
the Wiimote it's licensed by Nintendo
we're heat we're ready to go okay see
this this game is my experiment to see
if Jack can like a game with cutscenes
it's and you know we've had this
conversation before about cutscenes
I understand the necessary evil that is
cutscenes and if you don't like this
you're hopeless
you're just hopeless present a yo choose
your difficulty sweet not sweet erm I'll
read the descriptions I always buy those
perfect for beginners and then you got
mild mild many strong men await you and
you haven't unlocked better I forgot
what bitter says but uh you you like
this there's a lot of potty humor in
this game I like potty humor I think I'm
gonna go mild okay Jackson pussy what do
you mean I could've been sweet mouth oh
that's right you know there's no better
yet but I'm I'm delirious I am delirious
with a cold right okay okay mouths
I'll find difficult yeah I got a water
by the stairs you're all the way in the
far corner move you move with the other
stick right where oh my god that's me up
there that's you up there oh
I'll see what is happening I know looks
ugly well fuck you
I can't we're not gonna skip cutscenes
cuz ritual lettuce oh just drink
whenever you feel like it this game
starts off
assassinate the drifter and I don't care
I want to fight people I don't care
about any of this I give up whoa but
it's like why am I supposed to care I
don't know who this guy is technically
speaking if I just put started playing
the game I wouldn't even know that I was
playing as this guy I got to control for
exactly three seconds you know let me be
him for a little bit before you give me
story okay okay you just meant he just
mentioned the Wii Remote this game
constantly breaks the fourth wall okay
shut up Jack stop being bitch people I'm
actually agreeing with Jack on this one
but you just call them a fuck and their
heads exploded all right help me out
here where's this death metal dude bad
answer
all right it's big time okay
okay he just said it's game time I
really hope that means it's time to play
the game okay play the tutorial yes
okay beam katana a press the a button to
swing the beam katana use the beam
katana katana to attack enemies you hit
the water oh you said yes swing
what a waste do we have your here Oh
once an enemy's life runs out you will
go into death blow mod swing though
Weaver mode in the direction shown by
the air on the screen succeeding the
Australian can finish funny way okay so
your only your only swing the Wiimote
before for the death blow looks like
it's like it's like a punctuation mark
on the kill we are very different people
Jack because this I was hooked after the
the opening with this I'm like oh that's
really cool a cage on the right side of
the screen is the beam cousin a better
power each attack made with the B
McDonough will drain some of its battery
you will not be able to use the beam
katana once its batteries run out now
recharge press the one button okay
that's that one to go into charge mode
swing though we remote from left to
right as fast as you can to recharge
room top basically you're jerking off
with the Wiimote
that's funny I like that that's funny a
good masturbation joke okay continue
this - yes
okay locking on and blocking Z button is
the big button on the other nunchuck
okay locking allows you to move around
okay if you're oh great well not on
sweet success okay great
sounds like riches discussed with Jack
is feeling him press writ rich don't
explain the joke I'll give you that
I'll give you that impress thick anyone
form an emergency evade
okay all right I'm with you I'm with
half performing I mean yes continued
tutorial god damn it
I've already said yes to this tutorial
ah
Travis's son Jack is a bitter man who
cannot cannot expand his horizons how
many times do I need to say yes to the
tutorial I've said yes to now they're
like are you sure you want to keep going
with the tutorial fucking yes I do we
chose this sword attack and enemy attack
hate each other a weapon clash will
occur we know weapon flash and you will
enter a deathblow mode okay okay
that's scary I just swing the remote in
the direction shown on the screen I
didn't do it oh okay all right
cough on him rich god I know yeah Rich's
already said he's gonna get me sick and
I'm fine with that whatever it down
attack a button will appear on Kosovo
down enemy press the a button hold out
attack stream title should be called
sick and impatient honestly oh okay
Hey okay okay great great
Oh slicing high and low I attack some
low attacks just basically you hold the
that Wiimote up and down opposite high
attack whole load for a low attack
go-go-go guard like high and low so okay
let's see if they're blocking low then
you switch to the the higher
okay
finally finally some game is happening
so I'm pretty excited about that
took the Wii Remote forward and Travis
will adopt a low slashing stance oh okay
alright
oh I thought you either guys are already
doing this so I get it
I don't know I really don't like that
question holding holding that we remote
and pressing me a button like this like
pointing up really sound like that yeah
cuz you know you don't need to be severe
just you can do this huh
just just that's just rich is making a
jerking off motion which is the B button
again jackass an asshole that's the B
button the butter your shirt off the
trigger get very Canada he's guard beat
attacks also have high and low versions
IV V that can be farmer I sense love you
hang him in Farmer buzzing it's ejected
mad because he has to be told how to
play the game he just wants to go in not
know what he's doing and then when he
doesn't know what he's doing he'll
complain that the game sucks no I will
you know what I would like to do is is
learn from my mistakes I would like to
listen I get it sometimes you need a
tutorial Jack I figured you would either
love this game or hate it I had I have
not already hate I you know the game
just started if you don't love it
already
how could you love it already the game
hasn't started yet you know this is just
the tutorial
they're totally defenseless you know
that we there's no game yet god damn it
how many things are there you're near
the end Jack there make me sorry I made
you play this game once any son press
the B button again to grab them okay
then
oh Jesus Christ right now as the
directions you must move very wrong
though I recognized for the night right
out of me all right it's a lot fucking
fuck there's a lot charge be a sec hold
down the B button to charge attack you
haven't our tex-mex you owe me a charge
be attack
I'll tell you one happy the person ahead
will switch off and I will play you can
just do chat and you will be happy
killing guys oh great
no let me play it love lilies yeah let
me play let me play the game for a
little bit
how many things how many things how many
but maybe Delta V power lease a button
at the right time to form a charge such
why are you so bitter and hateful over
tutorial there's so many things that's
why you need a tutorial right but you
know what if what if you can spread out
the things you know first let's just
deal with slashing your sword then the
let's deal with velvet gobbledygook this
is so much I won't you know how dumb I
am so you know I won't retain any of
this information so later on I'll you
know guys will be mowing me down and
I'll forget that I could stun them
there's so much hostility in this room
right now I'm activating this attack can
be hit but no one's making useful once
around it there are two of course
they're fucking two types of charges
saying high-low yeah I'm not even
reading any of this
let's just play Tetris or something
right
Tetris I get oh wait oh you remember
that I thought you're gonna forget
everyone oh you remember some things
I don't like it that I can't swing the
weaver mode to swing the sword why
because that's yeah this game I actually
think does suite motion control come
back better than any other game I've
seen oh no you know like like Twilight
Princess yeah that's yeah that's
swinging I like the swing and that got
me into it it's it's not real swinging
though Twilight Princess is just it's
replacing the a button with a wet yeah
but it's the same thing that's it the
eight one no it's a way of going feel it
Oh stupid you feel you don't you know
what happens when you get true one to
one control you get you crap like
Twilight Princess Twilight Princess and
that's my princess Naga was left the
Skyward Sword you get crap like Skyward
so that wasn't the moment that's just
and that's just awkward doesn't really
work as well as you would expect that's
not the motion controls fault that's
just a bad game okay how do I change
whoa whoa how do i what hi everything's
fine everything's fine you just figured
out the camera I just figured out the
camera but like the camera doesn't like
swing around it's just like well half an
hour in the Sangha yeah it's one
beautiful pot okay right your your
in-game proper now so
great yeah out of energy wow that takes
up all your energy
you killed like eight guys and I'm gonna
be a full charge you just need some
okay okay okay I'm gonna go first one
nope I can't yeah
I really I really dislike the press a
button thing really yeah yeah that's
really awkward because then it forces
you to hold the Wii Remote like with
your fingertips like if you want to move
your thumb around like this do you see
like it makes it makes me hold the Wii
Remote weird don't look at me like that
it's over it's a real thing I'm
flabbergasted that you can't handle
pressing the a button but it's not just
a but you know Jax Jax made your problem
with the game so far is that he has to
press a button I have to press the
button while holding the wheel holding
the controller jack has to present
listen if you people at home have a Wii
Remote with you try to like try to hold
it straight up press the a button and
then press the one button you don't have
to hit the one button very often at all
Jack I'm just you have to hit it it's
part of the game why is there also why
is there Tiger on the screen in the
upper right corner there's just a tiger
because that's like alright when you
killed guys if you notice the the
jackpot thing going on behind the screen
you can randomly get like a temporary
power up okay and that tiger becomes
kind of like a timer meter for you okay
Oh Nick
whoa it's my first time
but apply that I like the blood-clotting
coins the blood and coins do it guys
they're blocking switch the minute you
see I know it's just gonna make people
want face Kay please should have just
pretended I bet I hit you with okay
really did just hit me with the remote
whoa whoa one that's power
what why everybody's already don't we go
up a thing we're guys what's happening
this guy come guy what's happening Oh
God you'll see it hit the P button nope
hit the Run button it's like a little
mini game what is happening you have to
hit the button that comes up son of a
bitch
Venus Turner oh my god you only got one
guy well I didn't know what was going on
I got scared
ona grandpa do the charging you have to
do it when he's bluffing either either
charged or do it what is watching you
can't these grand people ah yep stomach
I did you start them by getting them the
kicking them when they're blocking or
the charge pick shenanigans my own games
have rules
bitch shit mannequins let's listen here
hi i'm jack skull shenanigans okay
what's in here oh I like that yeah can
you guys hear the little noise that the
Wii Remote makes when I charge the
middle boob okay well how's the sound on
this work you can they oh well they
probably not getting the sounds that
come out of the Wiimote well it's right
next to the mic sigh okay well there's
there's sections in this game who you
get phone calls yeah hey sound the call
comes out of weebo it you use the remote
like a phone that's very funny
for the sake of the chat we can set that
so it comes out of internal speakers but
I think I came up these stairs yeah no
we went back down there anyway oh all
right
turn around fuck
you're bored look McGarrigle of this
camera hidden obviously you're a kid I
can't believe the walk-on where is he
that's right a walk-on see I forget
stuff long tutorial okay well okay I'm
gonna be nice of you're actually
learning from your mistakes
well I just do it Oh
Hey
all right supposed to go there
yeah no problem I get it it's funny that
he masturbates with his sword yeah
that's very funny I also like that it's
a lightsaber but do you notice it's like
a little extendable pole yeah it's like
it's not so contained beam it actually
needs the thing on the other end yeah
that's fun that's the fun does it not
that way that's a fun design I agree
I can hear dick
I hate that I can play it hold it now oh
what the hooked up the kick button I
have to hold it down if unless they're
parking yes
yeah okay they're behind you you're
going backwards I can't I can't turn in
this mode okay
all right hit the c1 that's a little
tiny right
see button
weird
yep but I would have want to be able to
see that
- all right yeah you're trading shots
okay okay okay Hey no wonder Jack sucked
in Dark Souls ha ha I sucked at Dark
Souls for a lot of reasons none of them
I think are
I wanna I wanna get up I want to pick
them up
how do I do that the whole and the cute
part right there
okay they go
jack-jack has learned how to kick I know
I'm learning how to kick people that's
bags my my preferred way of killing
people
I think cuz I want to say if I kick him
and knock him down and get more points I
hope I get more points I don't know
never thought about more points we don't
I had diverted into paying attention and
I don't know if it's true oh so you can
do a regular kick no blocking that sure
when you hear the ching ching ching yeah
okay - yeah usually give them lui mode
an extra shake and like the right side
like right before they hit you actually
do get a stronger lighter are feting
help more people in the area okay well
if I can use
Divac cherries
professor
yeah gay was the definition of bloodlust
yeah like I think that's the point it's
supposed to be over over lady who rich
isn't true that when you play clue you
always assume Colonel Mustard in it I
like that that's fun I like that that's
some clever shit that's funny that's
people who pay attention ministry yeah
yeah you see that weird black graphical
thing Jack didn't even notice the sexy
painting it just didn't know is there
first person viewing not enough but for
me my anaconda don't want none can't get
it there another sexy painting oh it's
also say he is this person has three of
the same sexy paintings to see what
happens with the sword
what look um I can see how the beam of
light gets stuck that's weird alright
alright well it's kind of like a blur
effect alright
you guys know there's no more heroes -
yes I do
hi own and love it
you're getting a lot of power this is
random right oh yeah this is like a slot
machine yeah come on some people are
smarter up you sluts me right against
the guy who only has a sword yeah yeah
yeah God won't do the smart choice the
lightsaber probably probably not the
best idea to go out with like a sword no
a broken bottle no you use a gun use a
ranged weapon all right treaty guard
number four that's uh let's take care of
that I own killer is dead but my
computer is a piece of shit and it
doesn't run right on my computer do I
gave me a copy of killer is dead you're
freaking awesome but I I like literally
can't play and it's insane you know Mike
was ain't was
jack is whooping some generic lucky ass
I am Ken rich Evans Duncan basketball I
have never in my life been anywhere
anywhere even close
I'm dunking a basketball I'm nice
talking about those little KITT ones
that are only like you know four feet
off the ground huh I could probably Doug
there yeah yeah how's that there if you
want to you want people to be able to
hear phone calls you could probably
switch that in this menu in this fair
all right what this game was willfully
strange Jack he will I you know what I
figured that out get out my thing
yeah you all when the time comes okay
it'll happen automatically sure this
this is a rest area before the boss that
big s is a safe oh okay I definitely
want to get that then there's a--there's
a health pickup yeah treasure treasure
chest
hey Louie nice yeah nice and a luchador
mask Oh what
that's great
days and Calgary but at the
progressing
what's even a fragment of the spirit of
rust remains in your blood remember the
first soup folks they your master what
that's right you had a wrestling move
you remembered an old professional
wrestling move what's this can't be a
real game that that unlocks are
grappling move that you can use on the
boss if you stun the boss Jesus Christ
then don't forget to say don't go there
yeah go to the S so that's the boss yeah
yeah big the next match point is boss
get to fucking hit it can i lock on oh
oh oh and you found the first person
apparently with no enemies are inside Z
is the first person can I
okay okay and safe okay that was the
craziest wrestling move what you save on
the toilet
toilet paper comes across the screen
black in your junk this is great I'm
giving rich a look right
I'm giving rich a lot if Jack doesn't
like this game he has no soul ah I'm not
I might be over writing one of your
saved files this is your you oh that's
right you're not writing anything that's
true um I might argue not aged well this
game man the second one plays better hmm
just the style alone though I love this
game the characters the storytelling the
voice acting the weirdness it's very
weird you can pick up the health again
okay it's enough yeah they're just a
thing when you get out of the same room
that's they seem to respond oh great
my bad oh I'm sure my battery's fine
okay fuck I'm not complaining about
toilet paper by the way I'm just being
it's it's it's it's a lot it's a lot to
take in the transitions
I love the transitions
this might be one of those situations
where I've heard so much good about this
game that I might be harsher on it okay
just because okay it wasn't this in the
intro clip it means reef clipping this
guy
no yeah it looks like Canada nah melee
big red hair the spikes around his eyes
this is paradise the place where dreams
are fulfilled
well you've had your dream old man time
to wake up what saying turn sometimes I
guess they can't hear it too well
sure oh yeah soon as I can posit next
I'll turn on subtitles are they just
gonna game audio through the mics no
they're getting game on your game it's
just not that long well you know they
might have it down we might be louder
yeah see if that's bobbing well i can't
turn on subtitles now or else i skip the
cutscene
oh it's fun you can take that to your
grave
alright I'll pause it here I'm gonna
pause it for subtitles somebody said the
problem is riches more entertaining when
he hates something and Jack is more
entertaining on he likes that's probably
true yeah okay
not a way of ranking side job config
yeah probably them config yeah subtitles
okay I'm you can turn the Wiimote
speaker on or off I will keep that on I
guess okay it's true it's true I I think
I am more enjoyable when I am enjoying
something it's especially in a game like
this I feel like it's hard to articulate
fuckin hell instructors no waste enough
you wasted out of crap oh oh okay
camera is a little unwieldy during
points
when it starts block and do the kicks
Hey
why did that happen anyway oh my god
well on a willow whatever you you you've
done the right time code or like a
little slow motion kind of mode see
visit over these legs off my oh yeah but
it goes through like an eighth long an
hour long tutorial and it doesn't tell
me that that seems like an important
part
they gave you the basics
that seems like an important deal
what does happen oh my god why is the
pre-lab disease loosened up two or three
oh my god that's the thing that have
this Jack I'm sorry
no he's not the right one
what is happening you're you're fighting
the guy I don't know what's so confusing
about this
okay okay okay okay okay
I'm good I'm good
can you switch who you're targeting
trying to remember
thank you can and the second
I think actually I ran out of juice
oh fuck if you're in trouble if you
don't have to juice it all the way up
dude I need juice I'm not super internal
so that's right
oh okay good I got rid of one of this
fucking the student duffle get your
things in the other one okay great
okay that's no
good good Jack needs blessed process
crippled but he's got stars in do the
kick
okay
I need to think of things to say yeah
yeah I agree rich period here in terms
of the tent here I'm playing low attack
do more damage yeah I'm starting to
think that sonic must have been a good
game after all I did you want your just
to the side of them apparently you
didn't get the help
oh there's a help is the VIP in chess
okay every boss has one health drop and
one badly drop
Oh
until he dies thank you rich what do you
think about Shrek this not Yeah right
maybe maybe because you're smashmouth
thing what's going on I don't know if
the chat knows about that
Jack Jack has recently founded plenty to
start playing smash mom told me the
world is gonna roll me I ain't the
sharpest - yeah just breaks out into
smash mom specifically all-star yeah we
went bowling with her birthday and he
put it on the jukebox like four times
four times where does that
and it's it's a thing though and and
everybody's everybody's waiting for this
thing that's up from to get tired of it
but Shrek this is stupid meme on the
internet right now is it
why wreck is a meme right I guess that's
not true I this kind of phrase we're
just talking about what's-his-face
well I drop like I was goddamn name my
parents yeah my fires
no it's much possible those it was a
thing that was remember what started it
was our last stream our last group
stream it's the Smash Mouth game was the
game play power I just want to be number
one
great yeah all right all right my I'm
having issues with it I don't feel
I'm not feeling the combat it's what I'm
is what I'll tell ya go me to tickle oh
yeah why don't you take the next level
this one I'm not I'm not super feeling
the combat I'm not feeling like the
combat is very even after the eight
hours of tutorial I don't feel like the
combat is very intuitive as far as when
you're actually fighting someone no no
jacket say that but watch watch how I
handled it well rich you're much better
at games and I mean outs which everyone
knows that I'm terrible at video games
Oh Jack what oh I do I do suck at the
game it's not the Wii Motion shit that's
fine it's it's the mixture of like how
you're supposed to like all the
different moves and how they play
together it just doesn't feel no no it
doesn't feel right
he's crazy pants I am Jack I never
played a game with me like how about I
have but they handle the handle things
like countering differently like I games
were you like have to watch an enemy's
movement counter does stuff I'm okay
with that but I don't know just the way
it was laid out on the Wii mode if I
could play this game with a controller I
think I would dig it you can play the
second one I think I would really dig
that oh there's a person up here try
again there's a version of this I own on
the ps3 that's all control all
controller I would dig the shit out of
that really yeah I could imagine we
could give this another shot
boom I like it
like it somewhere heroes 1.5
telegin says new who are old who I can
only assume you're talking about dr. who
none of the above is that an option well
for you it isn't for me I really like
the new run of Doctor Who up until I
don't know whatever season I got better
it got bad after after the the Angels
Take Manhattan and including Angels Take
Manhattan fuck that after David Tennant
no you know what the first season the
first two seasons with Matt Smith were
really good oh I really I really dug
there's a whole thing with this enemy
called the silence that was super badass
and then after that it went off the
walls
off the walls are off the rails both
some body once told me that Jack isn't
good at video games I did I did like the
new Doctor Who except for most recent
Doctor Who but like no I was his name
the food the first new doctor is still
my favorite doctor Aaron what's his name
now he was the bad guy in Thor - I
haven't seen Thor - what was his name
what was the first new doctor back he
was my favorite don't tell me you play
with her cat like cats
Eccleston Thank You Christopher
Eccleston it was my favorite doctor he
was a really great doctor um so I
thought everybody hated him Eccleston
yeah dumb people he played it right I
started watching those stuff that season
with him I could not get into it well I
tried to like watch like 10 episodes I'm
just like it really got that far but I
don't know if it was ten but it wasn't
it was more than a few because then the
first episode Rose is terrible it's just
I couldn't yeah that was that one was
killer killer mannequins yes crazy dumb
really bad all around but once I got
past that I was really starting to enjoy
it but yeah I know and David Tennant was
good too but Eccleston Eccleston had the
depth because it was like that was like
right after the time
anyway it's like I've officially given
up because I like my games
really what are you doing right nested
I'm watching games you don't watch game
play game story is reward for playing
game there are so many other avenues to
get story if you're looking to and why
is this an illegitimate one because it's
an interactive medium you know you want
to read a book you want to watch a movie
that passive you let the story happen
right this is a it's a chance for a new
thing I wanna this is not my quote and I
forget where I hear it but it would be
like it would be like a wanting your
movie it'd be like a like reading words
off of a movie screen that's what this
is I want this movie to be more like a
book so we put a bunch of words on
screen write a game you should be it
should be interactive
all the story elements should be
revealed through gameplay I don't think
should because I love this game and this
game doesn't do that yeah so saying your
way is the only way is kind of I've no
no this is this is my opinion
all right I'm giving you alright it's is
this is just the true oh my god remove
cutscene remove jack yeah probably not
gonna happen
fucking opening car love Star Wars what
a terrible idea
alright by the way listen
it's fucking gonna scene in a movie they
don't need opening crawls foreign movies
do do that they have subtitles and I
don't like subtitles I don't like
subtitles because then it makes me not
watch the movie it makes me read that's
true twitchplayspokemon it's crazy to me
that you're still here
Star Wars handled a lot of exposition
through the words on the screen not all
of it was necessary you know I know
you're gonna get hammered for Star Wars
I'm doing bring us saying anything if I
knew it was just gonna happen okay well
here so here's the thing what does the
opening crawl tell us right there's the
rebel forces and the Empire which is
something we found out in the next scene
it tells us that Princess Leia is on a
secret mission which is something we
found out in the next scene right
everything the opening crawl of Star
Wars tells us we find out in the next
scene so it's kind of what do you say
vestigial it's unnecessary okay so the
opening carlin Star Wars was more an
homage to serials past and not 100%
necessary and we're gonna see how much
shit I get for this oh yeah yeah I'm
just sitting back and waiting right now
yeah yeah Jack is illiterate and half
behind uh it tells us words most iconic
crawl in a movie ever and I deem it
unnecessary
yes if you cut out that crawl the movie
is still good if you cut out that crawl
the movie still stands and and nothing
is harmed
therefore it is unnecessary that's a
true thing I'm saying damn don't argue
I'm taking it I'm taking a deep I don't
know let's see here someone is saying
I'm more hated than Ray Rice listen I
don't hit my wife y'all yeah
and I'm with you guys that's right jack
is technically correct that's someone's
best best defensive me I am technically
correct yeah Star Wars is not a perfect
movie it's a great movie but it's not a
perfect movie there are many there are
there are a couple logic flaws and Star
Wars there are a couple jumps leaps and
Star Wars as far as beating up a tree
for coconut yes a job between okay so in
any case I'm right about the brawl and
Star Wars being unnecessary and you guys
are wrong and that's fine
what's my definition of a perfect movie
I've talked about this on the stream
before Black Swan Black Swan is not the
greatest movie ever told but it is a
perfect movie it is a movie in which all
camera characters scenery everything
adds to storytelling Black Swan is a
perfect movie it's not the greatest in
the world but it's a perfect movie that
is a movie they should teach
Jack digs his own grave the stream Joss
Joss is pretty good damn move and tell
you what nah let's see here
Jack stop stop stop it's not I'm not
ever going to stop Black Swan is boring
fuck you Black Swan was great no I'm
right and lock Castle hunker down says
he agree that it's unnecessary but he
doesn't think that it unnecessarily did
tracks from the awesomeness of the movie
that's the thing I'm not saying that
because Star Wars has a crawl it's a bad
movie just like also because like video
games cutscene and rinse not a fan video
game how many times have I told you that
I'm like cut seams there's something I
deal with you know like I don't I think
miffed oh you've told me it's something
nation that should never happen is what
you're basically told yes in in a
perfect world once video games evolved
as an art form we will see the end of
cutscenes is something that I believe
cutscenes happen now and there are games
that I really enjoy with cutscenes you
can do artistic things with cutscenes
that you can't do it just like people
talking into the radio so like I'm not
I'm not saying that all cutscenes are
absolutely bad I'm just saying that I
don't like them
Black Swan was just a classier version
of showgirls that's funny so I don't
know jack is office man it's true guys
I'm pretty tired

[Part II]
pretty tired that's saved steel four
five six is Jack do you like half-life
two it has no cutscenes I do like
half-life 2 half-life 2 is a good
example of all the story taking place
while you're playing the game you
understand what's happening in the world
your role in it without ever leaving
your character while always playing I
think we've talked about this on the
stream before metroid prime is also
another example a really good example of
storytelling through gameplay you know
you have this scanning mechanic where
you scan enemies and you scan objects
around you and sometimes it will give
you clues on how to defeat an enemy and
sometimes it will tell you back story
but because scanning is integrated into
the mechanics of the game it is both
gameplay and story they can handles it
very well dig the birthday boy says I
don't like Jack anymore well welcome to
the club ah is Jack a hipster no you
have to be cool to be a hipster
just like a cutscene but not a concern
how does the chat feel about cutscenes
the chat is really pissed at me yeah
yeah really pissed at me um mostly
because because I'm I i guess i need to
reiterate myself where you know
cutscenes happen and i'm okay with them
happening now but in a perfect world we
would just started liking Jack listen
that gives harsh opinions up lots a lot
of good well i'll tell more fart jokes
later you guys will get back into i'm
making a broad statement that doesn't
apply to everything i'm making a general
statement i'm trying to think of a game
where like the cutscenes have been fun
like you know we owe you know what like
we play mark of the ninja well mark of
the ninja is a great game and it has
these wonderful little animated
cutscenes now personally I think they're
unnecessary because i don't like cut
sins but I appreciate and I think they
look cool and you know it's a it's a fun
way to tell the story this you know the
cutscenes are fine I again he's lying
personally I don't like them because i
don't like cutscenes but it's fine
I don't think you even gave it a chance
check i gave it not even given a chance
you know what killed it it was the
tutorial that that killed could have
skipped that any decide at any time it
kept as you do you want to keep going to
the tutorial which list with this dude
up said no oh sure no but it's too and
you could have said no and you would
have been able to learn by making errors
yeah that's true nice true I think you
told me to do it yeah you told me that
trouble to do that tutorial oh yeah yeah
so you gonna stop sobbing you could have
stopped youtube lend me a button the
Metal Gear Solid series is well known
for its cutscenes that's right it's also
well known for bang convoluted nonsense
yeah that's that's a different argument
I think I think the Metal Gear Solid
series is a perfect is a perfect
escalation of the end game of my
argument against cutscenes in fact that
in particular is probably a series that
would be better without a story you know
what was it did someone that I think
someone made a video where they started
a timer with metal gear solid four and
it took them 23 minutes to start playing
with you yeah that it harm i don't know
i might assume that of yourself you know
where i didn't say much my son expert i
don't know i think that's that's a great
example of a cut cut scenes going too
far
it's never Jack's fault he is perfect
and his opinions infallible that's right
that's right from Metal Gear Solid 2
cutscenes our apush modern masterpiece
oh what happened oh whoa accidentally
hit the hole
oh you sent fuck back didn't understand
it I met her ba ba ba baby she told me
they got 70 Jesse got around the orders
until the days it might not have stopped
Jesse didn't go to the phone Jesse
didn't go to the post office today
someone i can only assume gripper type
that someone sent us someone 3d printed
a natural like talking fuck bought 5,000
Jesse didn't go to the post ops should I
blame Jesse so so it's not here let's
see here Jack what's your opinion on
sticks I see you being a fan I like a
couple of their songs stings come sail
away or mr. robot I'm usually getting it
so more to God I know that song and then
come sail away I never could have told
you who did oh okay I never gonna told
you they're the same people who did
let's go away let's come away whatever
so there there are exactly two songs and
sticks that I can think of off the top
of my head then I enjoy possibly
ironically
let's sit here
Lucas hearts says there is a correct and
incorrect way to include and use
cutscenes Metal Gear Solid is where
Jack's opinion counts but there are many
games where cutscenes are fantastic and
Lucas farts I agree with you just
because just because I think they're
unnecessary doesn't mean that I won't
enjoy a good cut scene it just means i
think in a perfect world they won't
exist that might seem counterintuitive
hey sure my bots might seem
counterintuitive but whatever i don't i
don't think that they shouldn't exist i
gotta find with them I think you can do
cinematic things with a cutscene that
you couldn't do otherwise and so I can't
imagine Grand Theft Auto without
cutscenes oh I don't know I don't know
cuz those those those games take so many
cues for movies too sure she are someone
was saying someone was asking about
quick time events and to me quick time
events are are like someone making a
cutscene trying to shove in gameplay
elements I think you have to go full
full on or nothing quick time events are
Oh looks like that's like a cutscene
that you can't enjoy because you're too
busy paying attention to button presses
life I hate them that's a quick time
event is kind of like a half-assed
cutscene it's a cutscene that you're
physically incapable of your enjoying
because the QuickTime event oh that's
right Darien bro makes a really good
point how I should probably end my
argument is just saying I mean I don't
like cutscenes I'm just saying that's
right switchblades pokemon GTA used to
not have cut scenes and they were fine
well be the original GTA's I'm trying to
leave the 2d one I presume every sensor
is ever since 3d GTA's there been little
mini little pudsey that's every trying
to think whatever you talk to somebody
I'm trying to think of San Andreas
the minimal cutscenes those every time
you had a mission you till you go to
somebody's house to talk to somebody
explain something sure there's there's
witty banter there's using characters
aah boozy woozy tripping over things cuz
he's blind yeah yeah mmmm yeah so what
was the story only doing one more
mission and then you want to play punch
out or something you obviously hate this
and that's fine you can keep playing
that's fine what about hotline Miami's
cutscenes I'll buy mine because I have
cutscenes does it there you know like
you know hotline Miami has yeah the
little part through where you don't
there's nothing really going on but you
go and talk to people you choose to go
and talk to people in this time what you
that to what do that yeah GTA GTA 2 had
no cutscenes the top get out on the top
down one no that's still revolutionary
listen what I felt like my own these
cutscenes I'm trying to think do you
just mean like when we see the little
characters face come on screen for a
second is that a cutscene I know
technically I think that is why can't I
was good it's been it's been a couple
it's been like a month or so since i
played online
dark mustard says I played katamari
based on your streams and skipped every
cutscene absofuckinlutely you can don't
think any doesn't anybody think that the
story that's a little bit of context of
what you're doing makes it more
enjoyable it's not about the story story
is important to gain it's how it's how
they handle telling you it's it's when
they say it's when they say we need to
move you into this other area where we
can tell you the story now go back to
area number one to play your game and
there's a world in which they can exist
in the same room standing goddamn that's
right Lucas farts oh no pac man does
have a cousin oh no that's miss pac-man
the original pac-man what's the
background of 20 there's a few of them
like every five missions or so things
happened that's right those gets caught
she's ripped off that's right so pac-man
has cut scenes
but so no my games needs games need
contact some games need story and I
think there's a way to handle it in
gameplay I don't think that's the only
way you should do it really way you can
know it has to be done yeah and that's
you know what it's fine we've talked
about movie guilty pleasures before any
early Michael Bay the rock bad boys bad
boys too bad 90s John Woo like face off
ha fucking love face off watch face up
every day true built each other and
actually felt like how the better yeah
it's been too long since I've seen our
everybody's already dead I got the fun
power up and there I flows I'm sorry
they're all named after dessert
incidentally I could just yell out
chocolate strawberry sundae really yeah
yeah that's honey
sorry Mario but our princess is in
another castle cutscene it is you're
absolutely right they're absolutely
right Jack did rich see that youtube
animation of your FTL msj right yes I
sure everybody who see it here love yes
I i made sure rich sauce when i came in
today and every everyone here Mike to my
changes he also saw and they think it's
wonderful I think it's wonderful if you
haven't seen it go to youtube and search
previously recorded animated someone
made a really great someone made a
really great little animation of our MVL
run ms pacman does not show up testing
where she goes and kisses video all the
icon
well so someone is mentioned in
half-life 2 and the cutscenes their arse
moments in half-life 2 where say you are
trapped like when you're trapped in the
teleporter or like when you're trapped
in a room with an NPC you have to listen
to them but you're still controlling the
character like you can still like turn
your head a little bit or move around
you never leave your character except
for a little bit at the internal over
there towards the end ugly you're always
in the head of Gorman Gordon Freeman
whether you can move or not is
contextual but I don't think they're
custom Lucas martes says Jack makes a
fair point but takes it too far for
anything for anyone most people to get
on board you're right look dif I'm
you're an extremist I'm an extremist
absolutely you're the ISIS of video
games Oh too far too soon ooh child
bride pong no cutscenes great game space
and finish space invaders no pet see
drinking Frogger ahh bra the classics
nothing with the classics Burger Time
which really needs one I have no idea
what's going on from the time did I say
Gorman Freeman I'm sorry
gonna hit happy with that
mortal kombat fatalities cutscenes ah no
that'd be like a fool love you like
slo-mo camera yeah you're still in game
point uh Jesus Christ this is just a
half deal I'm not saying my feelings are
corrected or any more valid than anybody
in the galaxy whew my opinions are just
as valid as anyone elses which means not
at all oh what's that oh so much
we just explode every murders everybody
all right that's pretty cool the
attention whole lot of those get money
at the end of the mission if you don't
use them but actress pls stream
something hmm let's see here what does
what does everybody think of no more
heroes you guys you guys like this game
do you guys hate this game yeah like
what are your feelings on this it looks
fine i think the personally i helped
like than just the combat that those
were the walk and so it never felt I
never felt satisfying beating people but
now you're you're a crazy man I only
played one level so I that's that's big
caveat
how long another one that almost never
happens the first one I think it's
exponentially more buddy yeah yeah come
on they say they enjoy watching you plan
but yeah it looks like the consensus is
it's like it's either okay or they don't
much care for really yeah look up what
they said to enjoy watching you play oh
wait no there's no we're here is great
this game is rad nice style but Matt
gameplay you know repetitive I could see
that I'm so fucking confused by his key
might maybe you just have to get
absorbed into this game I you know and
I'm gonna go ahead agree with twitch
plays Pokemon this the he says the game
style and characters are appealing but
the gameplay isn't you get a basic yeah
are you fighting a baseball team yep
what's this game is nuts this game is
crazy game is woefully wonderfully nice
haha sure okay I like that I'm fine with
willful wing nuts
a lot i know i'm reading that now a lot
of people are saying great
I i think if y'all are we and you
haven't played this game it's worth
checking out
if you can I mean if there's a ps3
version
I wouldn't say that I'm twitch plays
Pokemon bitch but they do have that
she's kind of service they twitch plays
Pokemon has that little like battery
thing next to his name so his name is
and I assume you're a he I apologize if
I'm being sexist you have that little
battery thing next to your name so it
sticks out in the chat very very very
much so he's very much your bitch though
yeah no I'm his bitch as I said I'm
saying oh yeah from your perspective
yeah i'm with you i was talking to
twitch plays for you mama you're right
you're absolutely right the wiimote is
just a controller playing with the ps3
pad makes no difference except for and
how you hold the fucking controller
if you think about holding the wiimote
and then having to press a precisely I
think the despots are we lot more
awkward with the controller we're gonna
kiss ya my person and making sure i
think i think this game plays great with
the wiimote and just didn't feel like
you know because of the way you have to
keep hitting the button out is it didn't
feel I don't like how I it's not needle
as wagon for everything you do that the
time to do shapely modes like it's like
the punctuation on the end of the sense
I've heard somebody describe it that way
react okay satisfied death blow
okay about God and have you played God
he'll know I haven't fight got in i
don't know nothing about it rich has
equated here we don't know nothing about
no
don bluth the animator so what is asking
me what I think fuck down blue uh yeah
yeah what about about it luisi what did
he make I'm blanket I'm blanking on Dom
balloon hold on I'm gonna look him up he
sure didn't make that dragon's lair oh
he made a lot more than that I know oh
I'm gonna look up all the things down
Black Cauldron titan AE i think was him
oh yeah and why say it was tumbling
humble bumble I'm not looking at the
chat for a second I'm just gonna look up
all the stuff you did secret of NIMH an
American tail when more time anastasiya
dragon's lair yeah the garden of madness
I think that the secret of NIMH is a
beautiful movie to look at but narrative
Lee it makes very little sense it's a
bit of a mess as far as a children I I
haven't seen it in a very long time but
i remember liking a lot it looks great i
right now isn't it may is the secret of
NIMH the one word like the farmer is
about to mow the field and i need to
move there yes
and it's been a while since I've seen
that one yeah I'm okay with Don blue
disregard any idea disregard any review
guys reviewers have opinions if a
reviewer doesn't like a thing that you
like that's fine this mean doesn't mean
you don't have to like it anymore that's
the thing you can have your own feelings
and opinions on things and that's fine
it's a weird thing to say I know let's
enjoy this oh this is the boss man yeah
okay oh yeah we're gonna get a cutscene
is that what you're saying yeah okay
Jack what would you regard as a very
funny movie there are a lot
just because I'm we were thinking about
it recently i will say wet hot american
summer this is very funny
would you say Ghostbusters ism yep he's
singing I love it ghostbusters yeah very
funny or just not a very funny movie but
just an extremely well-put-together
great movie ghostbusters is an extremely
well-put-together great movie that has
some funny aspects i would not come on
man i don't have like gut-busting laughs
during ghostbusters right and one of the
most enjoyable movies over absolutely
something like airplane is a very funny
movie yeah something like I'm her to see
me and my injury like boyhood that's a
very funny let's skip the cutscene no
brick riches in control he can choose
whether he skips or not cariño who got
John kilo wants me to recommend God hand
to you I should try to do good course
fuck my entry fee so yeah there there
are a lot of very funny movies what
you're trying to think of any that are
funnier than one hot american summer
it's hard to think of one what an
American summer is a genius lee funny
early reservations only wow those
outside Spaceballs enjoys baseball today
sir what AM L Brooks lot a lot of road
now Brookside like I don't know that's
not a good you know what there's a lot
of very funny movies how about that
something that I wouldn't consider a
very funny movie but I think I laughed
the most that is dirty rotten scoundrels
yeah Steve Martin who's this young given
week yeah old man he was a yeah I know
what is I here's the butler and the
Batman movies god damn it bburago look
at this fucking name me too what is this
him oh my God he's elfrid in the new
Batman that's not all he's been comes
like the least of the fancy saying God
he's been in movies recently what is
this okay Michael came thank you Michael
can't see my pretty rotten scoundrels
there is a series in that movie in which
Steve Martin plays his brother reprint
yeah I think he's got the cork out us
for bed how many gems okay I oh man but
i don't think i've left harder as
sequence in mind that that's great
Michael Caine I can't believe what we
forgot about my cocaine my cocaine
that's right it was just one of those
think your brain goes down yeah the old
are you sometimes take longer than you'd
like to remember simple coven things
right terrible isn't it terrible get
home I guess so another thing we were
talking about earlier like Wayne's World
Wayne's World I don't know if I would
call it a very funny movie it's just a
very good movie with some funny parts to
it Mike okay
Jack how long has it been since I last
did cocaine about 32 years cuz that's
how old I am I've never done coke and
I'm gonna say I'm fairly proud of that
no offense to any cocaine users but I
don't think it would be my thing um I
the boss madhava had a while ago was
that a used video game and movie store
and it was awesome it was the greatest
time of my life and my boss was a
wannabe mobster and he would talk about
drugs all the time and the one bird he
kept talking about was cocaine and he
always said that he would never ever do
cocaine I was like well that's a normal
thing to say never mind to do hard drugs
he's like no no no I would never do
cocaine because i think i would love it
he's like I could see myself taking
cocaine and becoming an addict he
immediately cocaine to my fence yeah
yeah cocaine's got a long ways I don't
know that I personally ask but
let's see here someone is saying stop
hitting Daniel day-lewis with your
fluorescent light bulb and I think
that's funny they they're going for
Michelle grunts OH Johnson is totally
bronze that's definitely Bronson and you
know what it does look a lot like
fluorescent label it does you can
probably make one out of a fluorescent
light bulb and be a great costume that
would be down I'm sure there's some
traffic touchdown cosplay out there with
the fluorescent light bulbs Trump
unmodified fluorescent light bulb
oh thank you are mt4 asked Jack do you
guys need any more new key tapes
absolutely I think we need that my J's
laheera please please stop sending this
new key takes number only need to come
up no more we need a couple more new
DJ's three or four more new potatoes we
can find them go to your local thrift
store go to your local swaddly we need a
couple more new key tapes before we're
ready for our master new key point send
them to the VL box it'll be great
he looks like Geraldo sure I mean
mustache you know
possibly ironic 69 says rich does not
advocate cocaine but he advocates
fluorescent light bulb abuse yes yes yes
I know that I did it all for the new key
that was a funny joke that Mike said
rapidly Jennifer it's open mic night II
mean yes we need 57 more new key tapes
to finish the new key fort oh no that
wasn't rich snorting anything that was
him blowing his nose I have a terrible
cold right now a terrible horrible oh
yeah great all the Travis touched a
touchdown cosplay armed with white bulbs
that's great pond people i don't know
what that is Wow I'm trying to reach oh
yeah there's nothing here
let's see here steel four five six asked
Jack who is the best comedian comedian
in rlm ah what's your spec obviously
it's the wheel yeah the wheel has a
really sick sense of humor so it is the
best comedian the beginning call me when
the next one's arranged ah jack is Jesse
on the panel of any of the upcoming best
of the worst maybe possibly the next one
maybe she's very good what she's not a
pedal I think so I like I mean I think
as everyone knows I like Jesse in
general but but I like it when she's on
the fan
I need to refill my napkins um someone
asks have big soup have you or are you
going to see the Angry Video Game Nerd
movie so the question is I have seen the
Angry Video Game Nerd movie and Jay and
I have some strong feelings about the
Angry Video Game Nerd movie so the
question is do I talk about them now
he's you Wendell Jays around I should
wait till jasor wait bill taser up I
think because I won't be able to have a
back and forth the I hesitated so
exactly i j and i have seen the Angry
Video Game Nerd movie we have some
strong feelings on it and the next time
we are together in a stream we will talk
about them but not right now rich is
sick I think we're gonna take a little
yeah break I think we are so we'll come
back maybe we'll pop on no more heroes
two mmm maybe punch out maybe another
game here to pledge how we got another
game play another game so we're gonna
take a little break a break they will
take a vote will let everybody know what
games we have and then we'll take a vote
and then we'll ignore the vote that's
where you do we get back we're gonna
list all again we can play and then
we're gonna take a vote we're gonna take
a vote and then we're gonna completely
ignore this and play whatever the fuck
yes I think it's a great idea all right
guys won't well we're back in a second

[Part III]
and we're back Oh again okay so here's
all the Wii games that we have we have
we have the Wii U set up so we can only
play Wii U and we games but you know
we're gonna make this a wee stream yeah
so here are all the Wii games that rich
brought he brought obviously no more
heroes no more heroes to punch out we
Super Mario Galaxy Super Mario Galaxy 2
mad world press your luck 2010 Edition
and Super Paper Mario
so let's what's everybody's vote we're
gonna play next so everybody everybody
say what game that you want us to play
and and then we'll we'll tally up your
votes and then just play whatever the
fuck we want anyway let's see here
let's see here I see one for Mario
Galaxy press lot pressure I press here
walk press your luck let's see here play
punch-out
checkers Super Paper Mario press which I
can only assume is pure sarcasm I can
only imagine Super Paper Mario punchouts
who favor my pressing ok alright and
we've tallied your votes the winner is
clearly press your luck so we are going
to play put yup absolutely
nope what is happening here how do we do
these I don't know you have to restart I
guess
oh well then hold on everybody unless
wait can you get the home button does
that do anything no it tells me no home
I just reset the system ok
all right let's are you familiar with
the pressure Lux scandal no oh yeah the
guy who gained it
oh the disk is in my we know the disk is
in my way oh wait no I have we can we
can do this ok we can do this I just
need to you guys rich rich effed up rich
bronze we he left the punch-out disk in
his we
so we take a break everybody in relax
with a ice-cold glass of Arnold Palmer
brand iced tea lemonade that's right
Arnold Palmer brand iced tea lemonade
half lemonade half iced tea to refresh
and soothe your palate on a warm summer
day we're gonna play it we're gonna
fight punch-out because we think that'll
be the most fun
there might be a problem in playing
puncha oh no you burped you have another
Wemo yeah yes okay never mind
all right well you should play
single-player at least a little bit
first sure sure sure
some label up yeah label up jack is such
a show right no I just think Arnold
Palmer's are delicious
half sweet tea half lemonade over ice
Arnold Palmer delicious
someone is calling this a cuts cutscene
for the stream and I think that's funny
this here the screen yeah you know just
us taking a break in general oh my god
you guys are probably seeing some shit
right now or nothing you've seen some
shit or you're seeing nothing anyway
while we're talking about press relocker
press you're like are you familiar what
the pressure looks candled that happened
the press here looks that sounds like a
made-up thing no back in the day there
was a guy who was apparently he watchdog
pressure luck obsessively okay and he
recognized a pattern in the board so he
could tell what squares were gonna be
hit when know this guy managed to get on
the show uh-huh
and he literally could not lose cuz he
knew how to play the board Oh every turn
he got 5,000 spent he walked out with
like over a hundred thousand dollars
from one episode mommy and there was
nothing that Network could do about it
cuz he didn't cheat technically right
let me get a goodnight we won't know
okay
you
Oh welcome to the old men talking about
older game shows stream that game shows
fucking classic fucking classic swear
spot sir it's funny area alright
punch-out menu Michael Larson yeah that
was his name
you got the money they said he couldn't
come back on to play any more games
normally the champion got to come back
tree they told him he couldn't but he
got the money I just lost it because he
was an idiot ha ha ha I hold on changing
the title is of the stream jak feels
fine what are we playing again
punch out exclamation point exclamation
point I believe - yeah ok
playing punch out the various won't work
it's one word oh is it one to learn is
that oh yeah here we go
is that the right one
all right updating the stream oh it's
punching - out very important yeah okay
all right what's happening here Oh
disgusting Jang don't hate cut scenes
where you watching this cut scene it's
not of a bitch you son of a bitch take
my words I mean that story really should
have been told by the game play fuck you
Scott let's see here
I guess Scott if I had hair I might look
like this really Scott
all right what am i doing career yeah
okay glass Joe glass Joe name like
Betty's got this huh
so this is just classic yes just classic
punch out right sides and weave yep
sighs we've been fighting dodge duck hit
up upper cut upper cuts
occasionally basically low attack high
attack sure with up and down and then
the star punches star punches what are
different star branches you have to earn
them but it's a I think it's a I say mr.
okay cutscenes oh my god oh this son of
a-- this is the worst game ever this
cutscene is unbearable and racist Wow
listen oh look I got one already off to
hit the face okay and start punches a
you can also save them up you lose the
star punch if he hits you okay also if
you earn more stars you that's like a
stronger him like a 300 Jack how did you
fuck that I use the cell phone yeah you
know did he yes oh you hit you before
you can get it off that's terrible
your stamina is only three how does that
work every time he blocks a punch you
lose some stainable okay or you get hit
- I believe that awesome great stuff
don't fuck yep
and you get it back just by dodging a
bunch so it's not a big deal okay great
okay great
I'm learning I'm learning y'all Oh just
did everyone notice the the new emoticon
I put jeez frozen from one of the
freezers
oh the screen did freeze oh fuck we're
stuck in the cutscene oh my god you guys
see it's an internal cutscene Jack you
guys I'm so sorry you're not watching
you're not seeing this Jack is actually
losing the glass he's losing I'm what
hold on as soon as I beat glass shows
asshole he's been knocked down once
already
son of a bitch rich you're a liar oh my
god Jack glass Joe's kicking your ass
ain't know he can do that rich is a liar
and a whore
oh my god okay hold on guys I'm fixing
it I'm fixing it I apologize that the
stream is freaking out I am officially
fixing the stream give it a second now
give it a second this is this is what
they call my IRA name irony yeah that it
was stuck on a cutscene for so long yeah
yeah I apologize to everyone
oh yeah there's the jeez there's the
Jesus emoticon Jesus is an it took me
like all of it took me all day or five
minutes - okay hold on all right
starting device please wait please wait
I mean an old-timey radio voice for some
reason I guess I'll I'll do that I guess
I shouldn't comment on the fight with
the runtime radio bus that was your last
Joe's looking really chipper today
he's been training on off a lot huh
Megan's won in 99
Oh the winners second second newcomer is
Rankin of 0/0 getting his ass kicked
handily that's not true right I knocked
out glass this is sent its committee I
knocked out glass Joe twice you're a
liar
okay hold on waiting for HDMI video
signal this true sucks it does
you guys this dream sucks fuck you
people doing here so Wednesday night go
out go out meet some friends don't hey
there we go we got it there I go here
hey out here and there we go did it know
you're here yeah you guys should meet
some friends you might like them okay
okay that's not it Oh pause for not
working ah what South Irish I'm just
gonna sit here sharing fighting off
germs
okay well you guys should be seeing
something now you're seeing color bars
that's good that's an improvement I
think okay okay so then we
I was hoping to see some great no more
girls gameplay uh-huh
then Jack happened oh that's not nice I
was rocking it for a while you weren't
you were doing great
what did I do you you could have live it
on about hate and spite uh-huh I'm not
wanting to learn how to play the game
aah Oh area okay do-do-do-do-do-do okay
oh my guys I'm fixing it we gotta go
like this and then we gotta go have that
goodies I'm fixing it you guys can't see
what I'm doing so I apologize for that
but I'm doing something I'm doing
something very important and there we go
okay okay nope hmm that's weird
hmm uh it's all about XCOM oh you know
all about X count by now we talk about
that every fucking stream know what XCOM
is the bee's knees it's the bee's knees
it's it's it's amazing balls is that a
word I've heard it once or twice I don't
know if that's a word check is
amazeballs word you know they're just
gonna say no what's more amazing XCOM or
FTO
Oh FTL if amazeballs is a thing which
I'm not sure it is um all right hold on
he's what are you gonna do he's what we
gotta do I'm gonna do this guy's
you don't need to worry about a thing
I'm totally gonna do this what and dad
window capture okay okay and we're gonna
window capture pop ouch
uh until your window no this one
now are you not seeing it you get
probably 5x come out saying there we go
now we're getting something done so
recently get the whole dlc and
everything for like what 12 on steve
wasn't that is this cheapest 12 was it
was it hey I know what had some kind of
sale recently oh that sounds great
comically cheap that sounds great
here we go sub-region select this one
too oh you guys are seeing it happen
live now now it's happening Jarek why
are you so bad at everything um that's a
good question it's because I'm generally
unprepared I'm generally and often
unprepared for things and I don't know
you know I think that has a lot to do
with just kind of my my improv roots is
I learned that that I could get away
with a lot by being unprepared you know
just doing stuff off the cup 251 the
point do tomorrow what you want me to
help you write it I don't even know what
your reports supposed to be about why
don't you just take a transcript
transfer everything everything with them
saying yes that's your report
kicking glass Joe his hair was the first
time he's yeah that's right I was
showing you guys have a sausage with me
a man say sana oh I'll tell you what
I'll tell you what guess what after this
I'm gonna go to question let's switch
off I'm gonna play questions
oh yeah sure I'll show you how the sauce
pan I'm beating them
look I'm kicking his ass look at that
you can't oh my god can't even can't
even that I didn't even wait for the
punch me and do the counter I mean
oh man is it no no okay
all right I gotta go around - no no
that's 50 Cal right there that's detail
anyone else
super height for a little Mac in Smash
Brothers I am C playable fully playable
vendors man what is it why don't they
make one punch out Ames yeah this is not
it's easy let me sit I mean I'm gonna go
around your room okay oh no jack strap
strap on his hand like what I like
cuz I don't like it just dangling the
little the little wrist strap that comes
with the remote I always put it on my
wrist cuz I don't like a dangling I
don't like it just dangling I don't like
a Dingle Bay
bingo-bango in truth I'm not I'm not
sure it's been a while I'm not sure if I
could still pull this off this might be
spectacular they might be spectacular
this might be spectacular does that mean
we got some watch Oh
okay guys watch game stand back
oh I skip the cutscene what how do you
get the stars
how do you hit the stars
stay down no one here I don't think he's
gonna get back up I am exciting must
have been off that was pretty awesome my
timing was up that should have a
knockout fun yeah
so wait yeah what a three-star punch
right when he comes back not sure it's
an instant oh okay
how do you earn a star it's different
yep likely discovered it's different for
different characters usually a counter
punch will do it like right there
instead sometimes you hit one to do with
your talk okay they're flashing yellow
oh I'm gonna stars come with me I'm with
you but that should have been you should
have been down in 10 SEC's I did not
you're still gonna be the wrong one oh
my god croissants I take a bag over I
can't be I can't be that impressive
everyone there's no way that I can be
that impressive yes super punch-out is
the fun I'm not sure which one I like
better if I make this more than that
super punch-out that was that was really
impressive great yeah I don't know I
don't know what to say about that I
don't know if I'd sure been more
impressive it was shit a bit more
impressive I should have had him down in
like ten seconds or something ridiculous
practice why does this hit prac oh
you're an exhibition will go back crew
when you want to find somebody you've
already fought you go to extra okay one
Kaiser okay let's see if I can do this
now and see if I can do this I will not
do as good as rich no putting that
outfit not you want put that light out
there but you should be okay
and it's fun geyser this is little bit
of course he got beat up by a little kid
so the KO get the crazy crowd I'm trying
to get him oh shit really up like if you
yes Oh get him in the face what he did
that what I think
by the way sure your waist was Barney
you get in the face nothing okay okay
there you go there you go learnin there
you go I'm learning all right I'm
learnin this dream is not frozen it's
fun I see it we're watching the stream
is lungs right sometimes it matters like
he just called me back baby
yep listen man that's your trainer
listen I appreciate all the training you
give me but call me baby makes me a
little uncomfortable
hey baby you just you just muscled in
Devon Kaiser baby and when your company
jack we can we can play two players
oh Jesus I don't know how they
oh it's got to be the right for you
listen it
I'm just I'm going upstairs okay okay
I'm going that hard counter okay
Matt but match but mash well they're
down you get help vibration Broncos
thank you very important yes
yeah what old reliable TKO that's what
they call me the old reliable TKO Jack
Benny be Packers fuck you
Oh TKO faces deform yeah and let's get
it on
it's a simple game but it's a great this
is the best boxing game ever made punch
out yeah punch out series yeah I can't
think of a better examples I'm gonna go
with you that's awesome yeah that's
right jack is only a technical winner
I'll take it I'll take it
I'll take the technical win I'm not
fucking it up I was just finding me
finding the rhythm that's all I want
I didn't fuck up you stream
let's go just go kid let's go disco kid
oh this cut these are fine this should
be told through gameplay these are fun
patient during the fight I should say
you know I really like disco that's what
I by the way I don't know if I should
have figured that out done sure
oh did you use it this one you did
there we got this the next ones to check
what punch-out game is this bullfrog I
think you from this bunch of games yeah
there's some of them are unique
characters how do I numbers oh fucking
Sonu I just wanna duck everything I
usually talk to so first I'm playing
back for simple and my first time
playing I made it all the way to great
time okay
not without going down once okay
someone's saying Jack you better not
lose to this tool I'll try to yeah yeah
disco kids a tool listen I think if you
lose in the first couple around in the
first couple of Fighters then yeah then
you got some problem
just one looks to be in decent shape but
the kids down help me help go help you
know you should stop people here it
comes
well you know what that's that's why you
shouldn't fight you need to be better
when you can do overconfident things
waste can't like a sliver help yeah but
doesn't want that's okay don't drop it
this game sucks classic classic
go back and forth oh nothing
put your waiting me down thank you dicks
birthday boy Eve his children how do you
remember that we're like the Guild's
weird mike tyson's things oh yeah that's
that's a fantastic day like that yeah oh
yeah thank you what was it recently
where he was on there like a talk show
started insulting the host well because
the the host was just like I mean you're
a convicted rapist which is true it's
very true but you know maybe not the
thing to talk about when you're you know
in front of Mike Tyson is running for
office it's a legitimate question
oh is that what nothing is right from
Mayor of some toned isn't he I thought
it was for like a show of one minute
wrong many of Rome is okay Chad is Mike
Tyson running for public office because
if so who the fuck would vote for him
King a hippo what why you're so so
confused
you don't remember King Hippo oh no I'm
just confused because I thought this was
the go but Oh selfie options fun no this
will be your first channel here or is it
still the same mistake where you got to
make his pants fall down yeah it's funny
I got to remember how to make his pants
fall down I don't know if I should tell
you no don't tell me I think everybody
gotta like hit him in the stomach or
something it was it's been a while
hitting him in the stomach is easier
said than done
right Oh nobody likes to be water I
cutscene I can't see an awful
and she just makes animal noises yes I
kind of love it okay there you go there
you go now you guys know you're around
the trolley whoa
don't tell them things don't spoil this
fascinating story which usually happens
under control
I remember this no this is all for now
yeah I'm gonna run on the gas like a
know it like this is not gonna knock him
down soon slow way to do things I'm sure
there's a better way
oh okay I saw that I got this for next
time do stars carry over Jesus I thought
like he if he if you don't him in the
face he adjusts his pants and there's a
little yellow glow that you can let's
let's find advice that's fine at us
that's fine advice hey hey why are you
poncho
that's the advice decisions thanks doc
you can see you're doing fine
I can't hold on I'll be all right all
right you know what it probably is duck
yeah from Liz
I might even have ieave here Jax Jax is
from Kansas I'm probably gonna get you
did it it stopped
you want every nook is new never used I
never used I've never used duct tape are]
you talking about once yeah that's
always been the way oh that's right
that's right disease too fat
okay oh no not so no no not your feet
no enough defeats oh man oh no defeats
yet okay nobody feeds for all of the
minor leagues okay with this you have a
belt if I if I get knocked out in any of
the later rounds I'm okay with this
thanks doc are we gonna go Jackie are we
go Jackie
you might oh let's go jogging that's an
acceptable cutscene fucking candy bar
that's not helping me
rich what was that movie called that
played at the end of the hour when
stream last Christmas it was about an
old man and I'm pretty sure it was made
by the visionaries that did that bust it
was and it actually was called old man
the movie about the old man is called
old man and nobody look up this movie
find that anymore anyway it's it's it's
the worst movie possible it's so
terrible you have no idea just why we
streamed it being people who watch bad
movies on purpose that one smell ones
tariffs nubile smoogle those the Mogu
leg didn't use good news when they made
a fake oh man it's the worst
I have you know what I have not seen
death list no no you don't need to you
know I've seen no if it's anything like
old man fucking I'm trying to think of I
can't man whoops subhype riches their
sub height what are people subscribing
yes somebody's saying some hype I don't
I don't see these things when they
happen I'm weird cover wise we just
subscribed done thank you
reusable to shout out but I'm I'm slow
on the draw here I didn't see would have
done that
thanks for subscribing sirico activism
thanks for subscribing quick shots of
tales cocktails I've been reading this
cute is cute cutie does he'll take qix
as kilo I think right I don't know in
any case Kyoto tales or glass hotels
thank you for subscribing
don't you subjected the streamers I'm
Adam dick I just met my intentions on
Jack in the game I'm just not good at
keeping up with a chat I'm just a good
rich you have one job who keep up the
chat and you all saw an entertainment if
you have two jobs
I'm to entertain by watching you
I was close with the name just pushing
that means I'm supposed to the new one
okay cool I'm getting my ass handed to
me straight up that's right I am dizzy
rushing check fellas he's not tailed yet
so far he's doing fine does that help
god dammit I never said you don't matter
can take care you matter just fine you
can block yep
I don't Bowl huh you just hold up guard
your face piston honda has this unlock
down that's what they're saying they're
about to see what's gonna happen oh this
is the turnaround this is rocky moment
this is the rocky Wow rocky you know
learn on rock Vegas there's one thing I
learned by watching you I see don't be
stressed Rocky is a fucking terrible his
strategy is to get hit in the face as
much as humanly possible yeah and
eventually his opponent will get tired
log hitting him in the face it's no
wonder he has fucking brain damage by
the later movies
okay okay here we go okay here we go
here we go
jack is like Klingon warrior he thinks
blocking was cowardly why would they use
cloaking technology that seems to be
against everything they'd normally stand
for you think they'd be like poking this
for weaklings yes we fight you
straight-up wasn't the thing without
Honda or like when he charged that you
punch you in the stomach
the timing is perfect just every time
you have the time they all up I give my
first knocking gone that's okay rematch
rematch rematch baby yeah I've had lunch
one of the running movie company you do
some play and I just expected to see
this great box an absolute defend abouts
and I was so disappointed with that
because it is just him getting punched
in the face
Rocky's such a great movie you are a
loose dog did you just hit him when he
was bowing at once oh well I was dog is
that one
it's done yeah sure how about very been
here another three times got the
cloaking technology
the Romulans the biggest then what they
shouldn't use it at all they should be
just against me
Rocky's a great movie I just want to
make sure people understand that Jesus
oh my get this I might get this you know
whose timing is all kinds of fuck now I
have so much fun with dub the bulrush
yeah yeah window above all else's
stupidity but the Klingons are all about
stupidity and honor
yeah that's kind of their trademark um I
guess the question is like cleanings
feel that running away is is bad form
yeah but hiding is just part of the hunt
so like if if they would cloak to escape
a battle absolutely then that's bullshit
but I could see them having the cloaking
technology to hide and ambush someone
yeah it still never sit right with me
though I believe your life so heavily on
cloaking technology
oh look at this guy bear hugger
yeah yeah yeah bear hugger what what
rich what did you think about the beta
sentence no there there everyone but
they never did much with the Betazoids
betas heads whatever Troy let's hurry
with it with a new comparison people
know Oh trollee
who's the site there whose long as a
parasite where'd you get the collar on
third trip trips the trip oh the
Betazoids no they never did anything
good and any episode with
any episodes with Troy's another where
the fucking slog really he's beat got
you I noticed yeah Jack you need to
embrace the duck he's got real things
for the later guy for the tree off its
timing yes it's just that one like this
what that one just fat the bear hug
dogs of court yeah you're right what did
I bench also wait wait for the red flash
that's the red fire one a question
there's what I that's usually grapes I
think the controls are bullshit that the
show never really dealt with how fucked
up the whole Scindia relationship is
with anything I can agree with that I
guess I don't have strong feelings about
it but I can agree with that it's it's
consensual though I mean the people want
fucking Symbian so you know what I did
not watch much deep space 9 I got really
part of this mission there was one
episode that had a truck doctor pressure
fell in love with the guy
oh he was true have any got injuries and
then they quit the trail and a woman's
body and she couldn't deal with that
that's right that's a good episode
yeah you know that's a fine episode but
no what am I thinking of in deep space
then track track sir next major yeah
yeah Jeff Zients death farm alert
formulated Kazon - there's an old man
who's friends with Cisco get my is it
watch me how I do it no no no I'll do
that runs away I'm training like a
Chinese master or ancient guy and I'm
repellant I saw yes very good
the flow under Jesus
oh nice nice nice
ah
so do the experts entered a 15 X Jeri
Ryan for the win Jeri Ryan know Jack's
different people I suppose different
people don't yet see totally 7-9 harsh
unfriendly bitch in one of the many
versus beautiful you know hair hair
color does not matter to me either yeah
surely you know to tell you how awful I
am I wasn't thinking of their
personalities at all I mean terrible
person
all right thank you I got past Bair
hugger for you I'm just gonna get my ass
that's that's what's fun I don't want to
see you win I know you're gonna get my
ass I'm gonna get my ass handed to me
seven of nine more like ten of ten yeah
damn right yeah eight eight still really
good it's really good I'll take next
I'm not saying thanks specifically jet
Z
cuz you gotta be you gotta be real
careful there with the taxes but what
you know whatever yeah dr. precious
situation right if you fall in love we
get a deal the next thing you know she's
an old man she's an old man you still
gotta love still gotta love more LC
you're an asshole
my first time playing I think this guy
was my first loss
we've already can you still make his
pants fall yeah you sure that's the only
way you could beat him is by making his
pants uh-huh
come on one knockdown just give me one
knock round okay all right Elise is not
a elias is not a shutout I'll take this
okay now to shutout no you fuck me
what does that even mean only dodge the
real one of them's an illusion even I
figured that out and I've only been
watching this for five seconds shop Jake
are you gonna be around for long as
people keep asking about the I think
that might require some time I I think
we should save it I teased them yeah and
I said we would talk about it
yeah when when when your one-year or
okay because you had stuff to say it
like yeah so then now is probably not
the time okay another time another time
J is just stopping by for a UH hello and
to watch Jack Lew's and make fun of me
yes that's fine that's fine it's all
fine
- it's not technically not a broken
promise cuz I didn't know Jane would be
showing up
I believe me when we sit down for
thinking nice work nice work and ways
that students to Starbucks check yep
steps up
you got one last time
this stream was know they're talking
about me
yes we say so the stream the chair that
was not talking about the angry video
game nerd movie before I came here is
that worse because I'm here we just said
make out what it together there take
this is a stranger
J this rocky one of course for Thor is
amusing in its own right but four
completely different races one that
subtitles get punched in the face 90% of
the movie is a long time John see we're
right or multiple montage clips from the
previous movies as well as Rocky five
pretty awesome bad to raise the
transverse street fighter he trains the
guys you can't take him he's a street
fighter yeah Rocky fives not the right
time to be third for his dragon we walk
around the frozen wilderness
disconnected from anything in the first
Rocky which is this guy from the streets
that gets this opportunity rocky look
the fourth movie was about defeating
communist also reports not only that but
getting the entire
that's unless tinny it's a roofer rocky
simply because he beat the other guy
else because he got punched in the face
of them yeah yeah America's great lunch
to rush us into loving new movie where
he got punched in the face so much they
had to address it in the next movie
oh that's ring you've got he has brain
damage which they completely ignored sex
because I dodged I fucking die rich why
do you let me play games you know I'm
bad at games you to be annoying
customers oh fucking god I know what
you're supposed to do
here James

[Part IV]
that's it what the bangles are you know
punch left and right okay watch me in
the face
down is duck and left or right or
dodging you decide if you get a star
which you get sometimes yeah that's the
special punch that's that button the a
button or the special punch if you count
we have to earn those though okay and oh
I was like what I'm saying I know how
you're supposed to do it that doesn't
mean that I will do it correctly but
we'll see James give it a shot this is
Jay everything all right
Jay's getting punched in the face oh
it's not looking good never say that
again yeah I just yeah can I get up
let's try this again
yeah I apologize jack Jamie he's our man
if he can't do it then ritual you know I
just think what I was making fun of you
for doing right why am i shaking up
sometimes you can actually get a splash
chance oh so put his mother's leg down
it's really it's really awesome but then
you lose anyway no all right it's just
punch out now but yeah they don't have
Mike Tyson associated with it for some
days because he raped a woman
I'm going to hate this could not
all right ladies good enough Senate
fucker take it like a Polaroid picture
just freely do you want to try what if
it is your nose no that's okay okay all
right I'm done I'm taking over we've
seen too much of this guy and I need to
step in and settle things down settle
down so it was the main boss it's not my
face
mr. Sandman looks suspiciously like Mike
Tyson yes Oh sounds like he's saying
Dyson the bagless
thanks for coming by
your hedges I'm being distracted by
careers you're good at jokes thank my
wife friends what what magic it's funny
uh-oh
thank you
ya know they're gone already finally
those guys oh by the way this isn't
Jenny Moore it's been rich for a while
oh yeah someone will say a new day has
gotten farther than it and it lets us
know rich is taking over rich actually
knows how to play this game I mean no I
sure next time you
Oh dick disappeared and shit like an
asshole huh for what how what do you
want - I'm feeling better
I know I'm just the power of punch-out
it has has revitalized me yes he dumped
my Cosette
doesn't think I'm glad you're feeling
better
it's boring as hell
oh look at him it's actually easier than
quite tiger oh yeah yeah pain in the ass
I'm gonna kick it up Michaels fucking
ass okay white never forget what never
forget what Carl Winslow as the shitty
train he doesn't look like I ever get
trapped in a building with a bunch of
terrorists though I know he's got my
back that's right that's right
the power of punch-out so next time you
get a call a couple rounds punch it I'll
be fine and everyone I need to make
peace
because I can still play this they don't
need to make another one I know what I'm
doing that was impressive
fuck off
you have to lay punches and when does
let go you can catch them in our
infinitely oh my god is everyone taking
fuck your notes this is amazing this is
amazing
Oh beat is too different
hey KJ TVA thank you for subscribing you
subscribed because rich is fucking on
the right and punch out punch out hi
we're gonna go at least go through all
the fighters I mean in this game and
then we gots to well and we'll try a
little multiplayer
I mean rich will win but this game does
something neither the original 2d where
you'll see that when we get
come on more bike riding this is the
only cutscene will flip up the only cats
approval because it reminds me a variety
that's a training mustache cutscene
jackboot the world is about to end I
approve of two cutscenes this one and
then want an original punch-out
rich because not Jesus that's true
that's true
it's some of the simulator guys I'm
gonna be rusty oh my god he just didn't
he just walk away yep this Aaron Ryan
he's from the Super Nintendo oh yeah
super punch-out yeah okay
oh he's Irish yeah hey cheese oh my god
I'm Irish I find this offensive exam
summertime oh shit
alright fair enough he's flying Ryan
quince omneya first of all great name
quince on Mac secondly thanks for
subscribing we appreciate it
nice you have one mesh I'm a full
fucking no I'm just gonna save you your
machine this is all getting me back from
Mario Kart and I and I'm okay this is a
cheating bastard
and she messes Oh going around to going
around too bitch sumbitch nearly flowers
nearly flawless she man rich Evans he's
more machine than man now
that's a good point the fight you call
the his head-butting cheating as if
using teleporting magic wasn't cheap are
there other rules against teleporting
magic are there rules against I don't
know anything about boxing I can only
assume that there are rules against
teleporting foxy I don't think they
thought to do that or if they did
someone would make that rule right
nicely done
beyond intimate says hatred to Jack I'm
wearing my punch-out t-shirts today
congratulations
I would like to have fun did we make a
Phantom Menace reference I don't think
so
bring it someone is saying that there is
definitely rules against my pudding yeah
um you know I don't know there's nothing
to know about pockets get him get him
helicopter the rules don't say a dog
can't buy but nobody has written a rule
against teleporting they just don't
exist because nobody can do it so if
somebody ever figured out how through
meditation to teleport sure then it
would be perfectly valid there's
probably a rule about leaving the ring
but yeah the seven-week the ring or just
teleporting bill their spot in in this
game that he disappears and then
reappears
so that would be leaving
one
everything is a fans of minutes
reference it's true the Indian guy was
saying dioxin not Dyson owe you one
that's a fun game this is this is a fun
game night that must stop for you
because you you despise the word that
just hurt my soul I'm so famous isn't it
I apologize later later when we play
Team Fortress 2 you'll think it's like
yeah it's a mad game we all have we all
never mr. Sam business in the center so
it up up in speed
Moses what was his name in the arcade
the arcade it was vodka from vodka drunk
Steve come on come on Nintendo
oh my god what is your name see how it
shows up here Oh David called during
1996 just subscribe thank you for
subscribing happy
handsome emoticons they're great jeez
loves you practical touch-ups oh I
apologize you can give a big boycott for
my main man jeez brick for the sub type
Victor birthday boy said that look like
the prereqs to do did it look like to
happen the Backson
k j p b8 do you do you have to throw
here's your sub are you new sub
congratulations
but something is subscribing that peter
oh yeah there's my main man geez
they're just too good at games
Jane Jack have not talked about the AVGN
movie and we will on another screen
maybe next week if we if we have a group
stream next week Wednesday and Jays
around we need some time we need some
time to discuss there's some stuff you
knocking bottle out of his hand he gets
more help
oh look judge Callis is a quick glance
at the new Jesus I come looks like a
gorilla from the original Planet of the
Apes I agree it was tough to cut out his
head because there was like a shadow
behind his head work where the cross was
so I wasn't quite sure where the hair
ended and the shadows third in some Jack
can you have me by slop bucket oh and
Jesus Christ I'm gonna take a picture of
Rich's snot bucket and put it up on the
Twitter later cuz you guys need to see
that
um SOS is the best
SOS song I agree with that by the way
SOS is the best baby before it gets
crazy town why am i a serial killer now
you're a what rich Evans is a serial
killer you've been killing everyone in
the ring alright alright I'm not leaving
the white dead just mostly dead oh
that's a good question where did you
guys get that raccoon sweater that shows
up in all the elbe everything I don't
really know where that came from
that's a great sweater Mike okay that
I'm assuming they just found it a thrift
store and were awed by it would be my
guess was the first appearance in the
space cub wasn't it it was in the
original space tantrum yeah and in Laura
wore it in in the great space gym
probably I'm not gonna tell you about my
ice copter game cuz it got color now I'm
just making regular coffee
Jesus Christ rich you are maddening I
can't believe how good you are they be
scared yeah season I can't believe how
good I will do like we go thrift store
shopping I go first there's nothing I
know Mike J do the same to look for
props all the time I don't I won't say
weekly but a couple times a month I go
to good girls and we have this great
thing in Wisconsin in southeastern
Wisconsin called seven mile fair and
basically oh my seven mile fair is
literally a giant garbage rummage sale I
go to seven live there all the time
and we did you just beat him in like a
minute and 10 seconds absolutely
Oh someone asked me about the picture of
rich as a baby that's a picture of
riches a big practice I'm kind of rusty
I wouldn't even or practice said this
before I could really do a speed room oh
my god I wonder how fast he could do
this and just in just ever need to do
reacquaint myself super macho man we've
got like a massive fucking joke
whose house is the Plinkett house do you
mean the set yeah Rich is definitely got
speed on this game
picture of the old lady ladies what
picture just John kilo oh that's a good
idea
Elvis dumbest says when are we going to
get shirts and mugs etc of baby wrench
that's a good idea and I want to mention
that to Jesse the next time I talk to
your baby picture and super macho man is
layers
okay it sounds like he's saying my balls
Oh asshole would wear a baby Richard you
guys we are officially on we are
officially on baby Richard
chap you go to marsh cheese castle I
love it
fucking fuck
nice get bragging get smash down that's
how first that's exactly what happens
which is Greek tragic hero and hubris
this is fatal that was really funny I
mean yeah it's fun
enjoy the I don't know literally J I
don't know what it is with people who
post the same question over and over
again I mean yeah sometimes we just
don't we you know we can't read the chat
and so posting the same question might
get us to read it other times we just
have no interesting response exact we
don't feel the question sometimes yeah
if you just we just have nothing to add
to your questions we don't answer time
for mr. ray
well Rock Knight X I'm sorry that I've
never read any of your questions
sometimes the jack goes by a little too
fast
can I get any comment on the notion of
putting a hot sauce on a salmon I have
very strong feelings about sandwiches
I'm okay with hot sauces in general so
do what you go to if you feel like hot
sauce is a appropriate condiment for
your sandwich I say go for it
that's all to some people aren't hot
sauce fans but yes you do what you gotta
do
and you read my question says the liquid
is formidable also if you ever really
fucked up neighbor it's hard for me to
read your question because you have a
really fucked-up name have you shot that
has prereq yeah we shot a little bit
today we shot a little bit of the
gameplay today and now rich and I are
gonna go home and play the game
individually and then we'll shoot the
discussion you played a lot more nice I
give it some time for this pure Captain
Jack I'll swallow says read my name Jack
is it because you have a name that
alludes to coming and reading it
and banned for life says Jack are you
jealous riches stardom I'm jealous of
riches awesomeness son ciao I wish I was
just gonna punch out
so what it's asking it says someone has
asked me what the usual process for
making a prereq episode is first we
decide on the game obviously usually the
first time we play it will be the the
recorded time that the time you guys see
here in the screening then we each play
the game individually and we come back
and having discussion it's that easy and
then I edit it usually I edit the
Congress oh my god did you win yeah
usually I work on editing the discussion
first and then add in the long gameplay
moments as they're needed
Jack do you wish you could be rich
nobody wishes later too much if that
meant leaving this gonna punch out you
know know so many nice things you have
nice things in your life Prince J
minigame
it's a minigame way to do some of those
letters are like backwards and like see
that H subside don't go there's a forms
of a name you have to punch the
incorrect things yes
the exhibition points that I upside-down
H this one and then the bathroom
superzero
in this box I
time for checkers yeah
also I can't believe that people are
still wondering what that song is that
we use at the end of the freeride keppa
so it's just like a youtube whose stock
song it's it's called do or die by
Stewart bogey or bogey by Stewart bogey
it's been answered a zillion times
Stewart rookie do or die
do we pick games based on personal
preference yes interesting okay yeah we
usually yeah where's like like for
example invisible ink this is a game I
would normally say no to body that led
to a greater early access discussion so
I was okay with that because they gave
us something to pump even though there
wasn't a ton of gameplay to comment on
me talking like Mario Kart is just a
game I was getting no matter what and it
was bigger titles so yeah we do Mario
Kart like titanfall was a bigger title
so we wanted to do that sonic places
what we try to mix up yeah classic newer
indeed bigger yeah so like guacamelee is
another indie
so after guacamelee what i have to think
of another
because oh my god my hypothesis after
Barca melee we're gonna have to pick it
another big title - and the numbers
reflects if anyone ever wonders like why
gamer viewers or movie reviewers choose
to do the big titles because the numbers
I really like are a dismissal I think
it's a really fine episode for use but
if you compare that one with the sonic
episode the internet has spoken that we
should only do controversial episodes of
the classic games and we don't want to
do that like the side episode was a fun
one to do I did I wanted to have that
conversation about this very good
conversation we did not do Sonic it's
just because it would be quickly knowing
the Internet of course I fuckin do is
quickly but that's not why we did the
episode I thought it was a good
discussion but so our next game will be
a bigger game just so we can try to
maintain a stable audience and the
bigger games bring in the audience
unfortunately did you or did you ever
beat Mike Tyson in the original
punch-out yes I I did my adulthood it
was one of the proudest moments yes this
you have to defend your title
yeah you go everybody again and there
much fun that's great
we're not it effectively doubled the
number of boxers that's awesome by the
way we're not doing destiny I don't give
a fuck about destiny nobody can explain
to me why that is game is interesting
what is unique about it what is special
about it I just don't give a fuck so
even though destiny would be there and
they wouldn't get out in time know all
the time we actually by the time we get
done with call Camille and by the time
we get done with destiny it wouldn't be
on time but we will be a bigger game
whatever big game it looks perfectly
generic and passable I'm sure it's fine
what was the day there's a there's a
great article on Kotaku at the other day
that it's another look at glass Joe oh
you can't put you in the face because it
just does nothing oh yeah
but uh because of middling review scores
Bungie is like missing out on
Oh for destiny yeah for destiny that's
getting middling scores yeah like it's
fine acceptable so we're not gonna do
this me but yes we will choose another
triple-a title one will probably do it
we'll probably do another big recent
title and then and then another
Frenchman that'll be I don't know if I
have any more I don't know if I have any
more controversial opinions on what your
titles
normally I think it's funny that he gets
it yeah that's great if you you know
this is a little-known famous game if
you lose a hundred times yeah I just
like the idea that he is a professional
boxer facing the champion of the world
and he puts on a fucking oh my god
you're right I do have a controversial
opinion on retro game - oh I think Doom
is ugly I think you're a monster
oh man do an episode on how shitty Final
Fantasy 9 is that he'll be quick to
throw up yeah I play it I played a lot
of the Final Fantasy games
uh-huh
they're fine I just I have I always have
a problem with you I was having from an
idea to the grind you can't beat the
boss until you cry number lungs let's
see here
doom is a national hero hey listen
listen I understand the importance of
duty
that doesn't mean that it hasn't aged
it's fine
oh my god could you imagine if we did
one of the Final Fantasy games first
dream we'll do that for one of our like
36 hour charity stream this is there
anything duller than classic RPG combat
any RPGs remembers in the combat to
windward don't have an offense like you
get into that like classic turn-based
combat RPGs like I can get into some of
that it's it's when it's when the grind
started oh yes yes I agree
here's the spread that's on fun why
don't you do it a thousand times
wait what
Jack I'm taking my money out of the
patreon because of you jack
Jack's got Jack I have nothing to do
with the patron why are you taking a
patron take it out of this purse which
Street I don't shit I don't do the
patreon Jack what game do you think has
the most unwarranted secrets but Dynasty
Warriors I think that's not a good
answer I think we already figured that
out like unwarranted and it wasn't good
in the first place but keeps going on no
I almost want to say Assassin's Creed
but Beckett might get really good I
can't get past my part no the first
Assassin's Creed was all right they had
some good ideas but I can never get very
far into it as I just got one yeah I
actually had the first acessories III
I'm glowing I stopped talking
I thought the first Assassin's Creed was
really good and has some neat ideas that
they needed to flesh out and then these
subsequent sequels have chosen every
other not good idea to flesh out okay
Pikachu what a fuckin Jew Pokemon you
talking about Pokemon Pokemon all day oh
yeah that's a good you know what the
weird thing right the resident the
original Resident Evil games we're never
we're never a favor the times I really
liked Resident Evil 4 was that the one
that came up in the Gamecube
hi-de-ho I've never paid that much
attention to raise Latino games
listen twitchplayspokemon settle down
these are gonna be no Pokemon tight for
you although I love Pokemon never
reaches never played come on I was an
adult when Pokemon started coming out me
too
I still fucking love Pokemon I just I
just don't get any warm nostalgic
feelings from buddy also you don't like
very big yeah
Pokemon gets it come on get it fucking
love Pokemon I'm not saying that's gonna
be ours our classic our classic game
previously recorded quick babe episode
no I hate it I'm just I've never played
this clearly aimed towards younger
younger audience and I was I was either
in high school or college I should start
with coming up yeah so is something
as an adult you know that's a very
popular franchise like excuse me but I
absolutely understand why their
characters Disney characters it's a
great was very I think there are RPGs
that don't have the grime dinos we're
leveling we're leveling feels natural
and that's one of the things but the
Pokemon series does really well is
they're very they're very few times
where you feel like you have to grind
you know you can you can go through the
story of the game without grinding
fourloves it's all in lasting
progression getting Pokemon learning
moves leveling up as though but I like
exploring the tones I like talking to
the tones people I just said you got
your guys on the lap their guys on the
right next turn highlight attack yeah
but there's more to it than that you
know there's like you can give them
status ailments and that has to affect
what you ninety-nine percent of the time
the most official thing you do is click
on attack every single fucking turn
I hate classic RPG combat we're gonna
play some Pokemon music
oh it discos good he's not one to
Jazzercise no Pokemon is not like the
definition of grinding grinding is when
you're is when you're no longer playing
the story of the game you are just
you're just going for levels is when
you're just raising numbers endless
battles to raise numbers and Pokemon as
you follow the story as you get new
Pokemon as you level up your own pokemon
it's all it's all part of the journey oh
there's never any stopping just to make
number that keeps your time and I'm done
oh my god I should be keeping this ass
away
I listen I guess you know my definition
of grinding I listen I know Pokemon it's
not a horrible idea
you also the definition of probe like
has been digital years
get over it games that are now called a
roguelike would not have been called
home rolling twenty years ago but in any
case my definition of the grind is when
you are just raising the numbers and not
concerned about the story obviously as
you're leveling up again I have a three
step program for you jack is off on a
stricken hunt alone this does be sweet
alone gives a shit this is a cricket his
standing in water before yeah this early
room crushing anyone whatever I left him
alone
grinding doesn't necessarily have
wonderful I agree I agree but so like
leveling is not the same very winding
the grind is when is it work the stream
Jack cricket hunt is happening really
which place for free with what if we go
through we dislike a closed door no no I
mean it's weird yeah what put the
cricket in a jar and put the diurnal
chrome ran out of memory that's just my
chrome it's what happens when we've been
streaming for you know a bazillion hours
three three-and-a-half hour this summer
we're gonna let me go in till I die
what's the deal if you want to we're
just hanging out you go as long as you
want to go
okay you do what you do down

[Part V]
you do do what you do t can't do it no
more
King Hippo is now wearing a a manhole
cover strapped to his belly oh my god so
you have to fight King here hippo with
our you have to get the man cover hole
cover off that's funny
want me to feel about I've never tried
it's really disturbing how good I am in
this knowing his animal noises
it's okay razor Vader if you have
different opinions in that's that's why
their opinions we can have different
things and still have this horse so I'm
glad you still kind of like me I'm glad
that we can have these conversations
that's right it doesn't say anyone in
the rulebook that you can to duct-tape a
manhole cover to your abdomen
what join the fun Club today
incidentally they did release a Nintendo
funnel or whatever the new clubs call
yeah special download for them only and
it's too late to get it now dr. Lewis is
punch-out where you get to fight your
trainer really yes yes that's do you
guys do the Humble Bundle I've done a
couple hundred humble bundles said
general feller huh in general so another
guy on Juno once
no that was sledgehammer ah now I do
have a bundle well not all the time I've
done a couple of things that know how
the one though is just a way to get that
deals and what I say what you wanted one
hunts
I've done a couple that's how I got a
tiny barbarian tiny barbarian was on
humblebundle bats
a couple other like pixel art game if
any of my matches go into the third
round I don't think any of my mattress
is gonna think so I think you do too
well
ball ball is going to kill me someone's
telling us to check our twitch messages
I've you checked a few tries to use a
lot of times it goes to spam and I don't
know why what kind of message really
should we be expected I don't know
speaking of humble bundles check your
twitch me ears may notice Pamela so I
don't know what that is so sorry
if we don't get you
even a risk of rain on the Humble Bundle
hide alone Oh gun point is on the Humble
Bundle right now that's true
I approve reject is not the gun point
yeah I don't much care for gun point
I think it's a fine game rate really
like that but it's like you know like
I'm sure it's it's gun points in other
games of a similar style arts art style
where it's I can get it for all of our
two bucks you know I like the Humble
Bundle
those like a pay that you want for some
of them there so they're essentially
giving games away for free yeah I hear a
lot of times are there they're DRM free
so I approve of you can you can choose
whether you want to be our embryo
rich is a top punch-out player
absolutely right um I might lose your
because it's been so long
oh my god risk of rain is $2.49 right
now in humble store go to the fucking
humble store and can't risk a brand it's
a great game I've been thinking about it
recently yeah just wanting to play a
risk of rain it's a great fucking game
go to the humble leave right now we open
up a new tab humble bundle humble bundle
humble bundle humble bundle humble
bundle their don't want me to say about
that you guys need more speed cards yes
we always do more steam cards richer I
are always always on a search yeah with
with cards people give me recently I've
been able to grow up like in one letter
three people with my friends cubes right
that's a good question our review of
risk of rain so that we didn't see
ourselves playing whispering after 10
hours I got now
yeah you know what after about 10 15
hours of play I put it down for a couple
months
but now I want to get back into it it
won't like go to games oh well yeah that
was your gun or your phone yeah that was
mine that was my family yes and I did I
it like I got my fill and then I'm he's
done but now I'm I found myself thinking
about it recently and really wanting to
to get a plan but at fucking $2.50
that definitely worth 10 hours you know
Chris around our title class it's just a
good fight it's just a good fight
that's right mark sucio my friend list
is full as is riches
that's why we need cards if we get cause
we can get more friends but it's like we
can only get like three friends at a
time for every level yeah yeah honey
card
someone is asking if my feelings on
super time force ever changed or you
still not a fan I haven't had time I
haven't had time to pick it up again I
really did not like super high horse but
I was also kind of drunk when I played
super time force so I'm gonna give it
another chance
FPL is only four bucks on get a tea help
for fuck's sake four bucks
Jesus
watch the castle bunker that bouncing
speaking of Raymond Jack if you played
Rayman legends I have not but Rayman
Origins is one of the best platformers
of last generation Rayman Origins is a
game everyone should get in play it was
recently free for PlayStation Network
yes Plus members amazing game Rayman
Origins super recommended
I didn't play legends but if it's the
same team I'm sure it's
if you had him yeah yeah I dodged every
punches oh you got that last punch
gotcha
legends is better than origins move I've
seen that nidhogg game that looks like
it's it's a fun it looks like it's a fun
time maybe give you that next group
stream where's your honor rich I haven't
used the dots Louis health boost yes you
know I'm wondering if I shouldn't give
in you can you can do what eat is
charcoal yeah do you need it I need it
then do it there we go all right you
chocolate bar Jack
Jack what about an alternative to kungfu
move investors listen my wait we've got
a bunch of ideas we we mapped the Howard
sweet maps out what might end up to be a
year's worth of best of the worst I
don't think any of them are all the
conclusions of solidarity old computers
are tough because they're old and you
know the three old kung fu movies might
be pretty similar as far as talking
points we we mapped out a lot of best of
the worst recently so there will be some
really good episode I'm very excited oh
yeah that was the other one there was
when it when I got him when I got tiny
barbarian there was a beginner
adventures there was like ha ha ha game
where you were out war hog their wagon
adventures which looks pretty fun
it's not you know what it does take a
while to make best of the worst episodes
a lot of times it just you know it just
finds we need a day it literally takes
an entire day to fill the best doorstep
we're watching three movies and having a
cup oh you start new usually and mom
could get out 11:00 midnight sometimes
one like it it takes all fucking day to
shoot one of those episodes the
scheduling thing this might be why loose
this is not him great Tigers almost
certainly gonna get me mm-hmm when am I
gonna make rlm watch torque I don't know
torque work it's one of those movies
that's kind of like intentionally bad
yeah but not really it's just over the
top it's a movie it's a movie about it's
like a facet here's more motorcycles and
there's actually a fight on motorcycles
where they use motorcycles if I take a
turn rich is a turn a turn you stare
turn downward yeah
spiffy bumpers asking how long do the
conversations glass with pulla editing
down I don't have yeah
you know we try to spend we try to spend
a half hour on each movie so three
movies hour and a half conversation
maybe sometimes two hours four times
longer he has a story that's great
when the sperm comes out he's gonna do
it the late hunch so he kills you what
timing
and this primal asks how long do you
guys watch your stuff before you say yes
let's pump it I mean very rarely yeah a
lot of times if if my courage a have
been headed and they have a lot of times
it just goes up there's no there's no
preview actually I rarely get a preview
of any of the edits just because I'm not
today I got to watch something you know
Mike was editing isn't he handsome he
had some concerns for certain areas and
you know we want to give our papers but
no it's almost immediately after it's
done being edited it goes off there's
very little this this game might be
really you get this get no more heroes
you get mad world or we you yeah you get
to we you and you get always I don't
know who's right what sir I'm so mmm I'm
home free Rizzoli pre-record just
something that rich and I had talked
about
when you talked about step for a while
you know we knew rich and the guys tries
Gamestation and they all agree that they
didn't want to do it anymore
yeah and rich and I knew that we talked
about video games so it was kind of just
one of those things that happen I don't
think either of us sensible to do this
eventually it just eventually just
started doing Michael jr. always busy
editing busy doing this yeah mentioned
games at work we tried game station and
I'm getting punched yeah and like the
problem with game station is that rich
didn't have any pre purchasing Binding
of Isaac rebirth of 1333 percent off
absolutely yes everyone should
pre-purchase some binary logit rebirth
get it it's gonna be the greatest game
ever maybe Kimber I get I get binary
Isaac rebirth free because I'm a
PlayStation Plus member and I'm still
pre-ordering it on Steam because I want
to be able to play it no matter where I
am at all times I'm so excited for
fighting by the
to view but asks is Jesse the boss oh
that's a good idea mark CTO prereq the
meal of the worst very sorry right now
Oh No root small punch on your 100% game
station needs a reason I liked I did
like I do like this like and that's
something that when we talked about it
previously recorded you know we were we
had Pripet some fucking insane ideas for
previously recorded but what it all
boils down to is logistics we needed
something that we could shoot easily
with very little budget and have a quick
turnaround and so when it comes to
sketches when it comes to locations we
can't have too much of it because that
requires time that requires money and we
don't have none of it
Vanessa navigator with a person has a
great scream asks how much time at
Harlem do you spend a week rich is an
actual employee here yeah so rich is
here all the time
very smooth uh yeah I I don't work so
let's see here if I'm gonna I'm gonna
need a break before I get back take a
break late tiger I wanna I want to
actually think about this so much so so
usually if like for example this week
I'll just be here today and I got here
at like 1:30 today so so what's that so
you know that's eleven eleven twelve
hours I'll be here today but that's
probably it for the week but then if we
do a previously recorded and if I'm
helping them shoot something else you
know I'll be here for thirty hours 40
hours but that's only two three days
I'm just here whenever they need me
that's all I do
I just come whenever they need help for
something the game station set was cool
I agree I agree
is the prereq couch with the wall decals
in his house or the area that's the
arlen studio that's the screening room
it's the same room that you see in the
in the best of the worst it's just a
different camera angle
captain jackoff swallow says a hundred
grand a year brah we swallow a prereq
gets none of that money we the 100% of
the patreon money goes to red letter
media and we're kind of the offshoot
jack gets none of that money prereq gets
none of that money
our only money is from twitch
subscribers and and now our YouTube
channel money which is very little so
every once in a while you know like like
we're we're talking with the guys and we
store some stuff here we worried they're
helping us with food with Seth stuff
we're looking in that but we get none of
the patreon
alright what's gonna win Ernest
oh ho there they were and they were they
were trying to call me out on us not
having any money
citing patreon yeah and I was letting
them know that we did none of that
let's see there yeah I'm not rolling in
the dollars that's you know I don't do
we keep bringing up Humble Bundle me and
that's one of the reasons ya know it's
good but I'm not buying anything cuz I
scraped by yeah I feel guilty when I
spend unnecessary your company box here
there that is not necessary this is the
thing about working for the Internet
the money doesn't go far alright and
that's ok you doing here's the thing
razor gamer you don't have to give us
money we appreciate oh yeah you know
we're this is not us asking for money
we're just letting you know what's going
on this is just what's going on space
got better kick ass I agree
I don't know how much a good switch the
exotics Gigi lover
just subscribe thank you so so jack is
your work for rlm pro bono or do they
pay you freelancer II I don't know if
I've ever earned money
oh no that's not true
yeah pretty awesome the prereq youtube
channel I did it I got a cut of that and
they gave me I want to say they gave me
$50 for being in top of the debt differ
for my role as a zombie number 14
joggers zombie
in doctor's event I think I got 50 bucks
so that that is all of the money I have
ever gotten
I come here because I enjoy human Gbagbo
sort of puppets he's pretty nasty why
submerge Matt's still photo easy answer
hey man move to you thank you for
subscribers we really appreciate that
the price of a cup of coffee and make
rich Evans
Britta's 56-bit you can feel sorrow in
your cat you can feed a starving returns
a crappy video all right listen
Captain Jack I understand what you're
saying is you're saying Jack and got
that YouTube money easy total well that
I hope you're being sarcastic because
you don't make money from YouTube but I
think I figured it out the other like I
was trying to do the math and it's
something like it's something like a
dollar for every thousand views
is how those houses no problem okay if
you are you to partner it won't cost
about $1 every thousand reviews maybe if
you're lucky
so you know if you have a decent video
that can get a hundred thousand views
you get a hundred bucks
oh no cancel next year get into the
patron the ticket this jacket you didn't
ask me I put five bucks towards your
patron should I take it out and put it
towards you guys I don't have the cash
to the patron you can do
also captain deca
swallow I would appreciate you not
calling YouTube that I'm not I'm not
down with racist lingo in general so
with the all-caps you're kind of getting
on my nerves as it is and with the way
you take your thing so I hop the racism
and also like my like my estimates are
for YouTube money is skewed things
different for everyone the way YouTube
AB dollars works is companies actually
bid on ads and so the longer people
watch your videos the more money they
will pay for those the more subscribers
you have the more they pay for them so
people with large subscriber bases have
larger incomes obviously pre-record
there's not a lot it's different for
everyone
so how I feed myself as I'm a freelance
producer and editor I do corporate work
and all their video related work I was
funnier than we've talked about this a
lot
yes I do porn that's how I make my money
I do the worst porn ever I make porn and
then I I show it to people and I say if
you don't want me to put this out give
you actually make porn and they pay me
not to
detective Rogers asked what is or was
your dream job jackets then it's what
I'm doing it's making 20 videos I make
funny videos for a living sometimes or
sometimes the Victorian corporate video
I don't have it nice nice someone is
saying Jack why the least parented the
rlm team well no I think it has
something to do with my education level
or by far though he's talented I could
buy in pure weird well I'm different
skills you're weird
we all have different skills I'm the
Rudy of Arlen the Rudy's yes
have you made any Courtney training
videos I have made Courtney training
videos I've made I've made some videos
that will never see the light of day and
I'm really happy about that because
they're very boring but that's what you
do to pay the bills the prank call was a
freak accident
I could not reproduce that it was great
I know I know rich is a great person to
have when you're talking about ideas you
want rich Evans in there he will come up
with some amazing shit
he's a bouncing is great
manga
is the internet especially tonight I
think the Internet's always what it is
is Dean and that's okay
we're not gonna talk about it rich is a
star as a star he's a star he's a big
wrench that stuff is true I did not make
you fucking going
they're linked to some of your
professional that's gone no no I think
you know we've talked about that before
like if you want like it sounds a fun
stuff that I get to do the is like the
hey pass me a beer videos those are
branded viral videos some less
successful I wasn't just some shit
that's really boring and crappy oh my
god
smiling strange just subscribe thank you
smiling strange
we appreciate your subscription my main
man geez gives you away is a black rose
now oh he's all bloody he's depressed
does that mean a glass too I'm just a
nurse love it love it]
yes Elvis Elvis is a poopoo peepee so
obviously you can see how Julia
Oh
drag them decks shitty video I'll give
you okay I'll give you one I'll give you
one of the shitty videos that identify
well they I'm not very proud of I got
called I got called on to consult for a
video for Windows forms and video for
Windows Phones starring Jim Gaffigan and
I didn't direct it or write it or
anything I just got call on for a
consulting job which can be really fun
but also those pretty solos wanna we're
basically they just probably there to
help bounce ideas and they wanted
something that went viral and then did
everything in their power to make it an
odd go home we picked out some really
amazing ideas and they took none of them
and there was there some good talents as
far as like the the both the writer and
the director and the people who were
there to consult like all people who had
had viral bits and we came up with a
slew of great ideas that they rejected
them all Jim Gaffigan Windows Phone I
forgot what they're called it was
terrible it was it turned out to be not
funny at all
I think it's safe for work working
working for marketing people is not fun
but pays the bills and you know I think
what they got out of it turned out all
right it's just not viral video
consultants I'm at the Pelican video
unit video consultant and I make viral
videos
I love poop again pi2 thank you bono
Doug we're going for a tener tied with
the campy song not really at seminary
but I was trying to make it look like a
shitty children's show so I mean hiked
America's own they could have been in
there too
I wasn't necessarily going for it
what
to act as a video for highlight I am a
video producer and editor by training
someone is saying that Jim Gaffigan
offer you a film role if you but you
didn't laugh at one of my jokes and that
made me feel really good
yeah it's what decisions fuck I'm just
not come out oh oh you won by decision
again yeah that's funny
I've done better than I thought I would
you're doing it you're doing it
Lucas heart says I thought all you
needed to do to make video go viral was
having hambo do something he win likes
it or not yes you know you make you make
you kind of understand what the internet
likes after a while which is why we made
a 60 minute long video review well let's
see that's the thing that's that's a
freak event right there it's not it's
not really a freak if you look at it in
hindsight wise it's not a freak event
because doing doing something like doing
something like that got significantly
more views than the Star Trek movies
because of course there's a larger fan
base no star horror movies and Star Trek
movies and infotainment is always
popular and so be usually what it is is
the amount of information you give you
have to give an equal amount of
entertainment infotainment is always
fine
to make a viral video around biscuit I
can't
that's a good idea to tell this Harlem
bobbleheads I don't even know who you
talk to about making babies that's a
good idea though I like it oh my god he
takes off his lung that's awesome that's
awesome I think oh yeah I can't let this
guy beat me
oh no he's lovely he's a dick you got
any fun
no a biscuit is your name with my cat
not the name of my penis
Jack how many a firm contact you if they
want to bring you on as a consultant
usually they email my email is public
knowledge if you guys want to know my
email it's Harlech har la CK that's
matcom that is public now you can also
go to my website website anymore
Packard brothers talk to my brother Nick
Packard brothers comm my brother Nick
handle our weird sometimes my ball head
is beautiful thank you
how do I feel about our fans coming up
with all the good ideas I feel great
about it cuz it's less work for us
what is your great job
oh my castle hands are down did you
friend me on Wii I know my it's it's
very easy to make a me of yourself when
you're evolved man with glasses
that's funny you guys are funny you guys
say funny things and I like them Elvis
Elvis is Jack so I've had the baby
Richard idea the bobble head ideas send
should I send in my resume I make wine
to play any instrument is that true oh
my god we should do that do a stream of
all Atari 2600 hey hey not of the eggs
thank you for subscribing we appreciate
it
Aaron Ryan's never taken me down the
coop crates a friend I can't miss the
plane this is nuts you're doing great
wait what's my favorite Nicholas Cage
movie face off of course face offs the
greatest movie ever
yeah what you know that's really kind of
a silly thing to say this ball soft you
know I like balls hard ball soft balls
are soft exactly and when your balls get
hard you know it's going down doctor
that's why things are balls hardens
because when your balls get hard you're
in trouble okay okay so when something
is balls hard look out you're ready for
that chemo that's not right right
what is the stream lagging oh we might
be dropping frames what's going on here
no we're not very open broadcaster tells
us if I grab the brand someone asks Jack
how did you feel going bald so young
that's exactly yeah you know I started I
started really losing my hair right when
I graduated high school and it was slow
descent from there and for a while I
tried to cover it up and for a while I
tried to do weird stuff and then I just
eventually accepted it I'm much happier
now that I shave I think that was the
right call if you look back in and like
my first
best of the worst episode you can see
what I look like with slightly longer
hair and I was still balding and I think
that looks weird what so I've been
really happy since I started
if I shave my head I'd look like Charlie
Brown how do you feel about looking like
movies I guess I feel fine
I'm the bald man with glasses you need
reflexes oh hey boob just subscribed I
use a suit for boo-boos do it for bewbs
thanks miss describe those geeks yes
just Joe Oh
really I get that now and I'm sorry but
as we've already discussed
there's no my god that gives it so much
honk back that guy someone asked what
our opinions on these are public
settings to permanent for me yes
sure sure
thanks ace cut space I like this for a
while I was uh
and I still mind I'd want a hole swings
entire arm underneath you soda drinking
monster you can do it
I am I am 32 response to go home guys
this is it
we're supposed to go
turning I'm sorry I'm sorry
he takes your belt yeah it's time on
defense
oh that's yours if I want to back that
beam if you go into your stash so sorry
here you know here okay paper women crap
outta me with this cheating radioactive
soda pop oh all right P ah Little Mac oh
oh you need to beat him like these
mustard you want to give it another go
or is that it that's it okay that's it
unless you want to try about the mode Oh
God
once hold on someone just reminded me
that I needed to post a picture of the
snot bucket okay
and I'm taking a picture of rich Evans's
it's not bucket right now Jesus Christ
all right hold on I just took a picture
of rich Evans it's not okay Oh and
Twitter crashed
great thanks ios8 yeah we'll do it to
plan
we'll do it to play hold on I need the
snap hook it back crashed this is the
thing Ritchie's been using do you need
more lunch you get it from that ago yeah
and I like tilt oh yeah like that this
is the thing rich has been using to put
his use tissues in all day well since
we're serving the string since we're
saving this room and I think it's
hilarious it's practical and functional
fun it's weird it worked
is there snot everywhere other than in
that bucket
Rich's snot button snip bucket now it's
not fuckin slut bucket challenge' riches
snot bucket just tweeted it just tweeted
it reaches now fuckin alright Jack
what's the story here you're done then
yeah oh no we're gonna do two layers one
do that Pat yeah
anon demands thank you for subscribing
we appreciate it
have a pizza roll the main man jeez give
us to give you what's up all right I
need this I'll probably need to pare it
here we go here oh yeah fine okay hold
on we need to pair another Wiimote
so that Jack can play too
you cannot get a collection of riches
use two cheap tissues so you can call
him just put that out there
how much do they pay just a snap book
I'll send that off the cash it'll be
during the next eBay auction how about
that
I would how do we pair I don't know I
don't know you know here mister we you
you have to go back a little you been
you oh my god I hope not
hold on we're pairing maybe that was
that go one of the reconnect reconnect
this for that one Jack you won't be able
to play just because you have a Wii mode
I know you won't be able to play oh oh
yeah I think I have to press this button
yeah okay I figured it out there's a
button on the Wii U that you also have
to press okay yeah see there I am
all right thanks number two okay
the Twitter is at previously reck
previously re see ya the red button in
front let's see here
Thank You Jack this rich ever Carl into
your bed when he's scared I got scared
that's a much better to action that's a
much better much better at answer than I
was going to do
yep eBay auction one thousand dollars
for props not plastic plastic clear chip
per se okay
default the meal all right here we go me
versus Jack Jesus I am uh there's gonna
be I believe I am classic Little Mac
with the green gloves and Jack's and the
gold and orange hey corundum a 1 2 or 3
thanks for subscribing we super
appreciate it
we're Gerner we're gonna fight each
other now
so the to the death house
Oh what are you doing don't you well I
noticed that out out
oh my god what do I do you fight oh but
I don't get my perspective anymore
nope you're the big guys
Oh house
Jesus Christ this is tough this is
action top so big so quickly you might
have torn something I'm ready I'm ready
it was just really tough being the Big
Agnes
but
oh fuck you
now
Oh Mario Kart 8 hashtag never forget
okay okay okay okay okay
ah fuck you
oh man you absolutely right I need to
add mustard to my boxing gloves that
doesn't make me want to hit you more
right okay okay oh yeah
riches riches little mac riches in the
green and I'm in the I'm not sure why
you are fighting
don't I get extra points for punching it
without stopping
ah Jesus Christ I've never lost and
head-to-head oh yeah yeah my my sisters
now X giant giant man he looked exactly
like Brian Urlacher oh my god maybe just
a smidgen smaller but not by much huh
and we're playing this and I kept
kicking his ass repeatedly and he's
starting to get angry and you know what
I could have backed down but I can't I
swear to God punch me in the face but I
wasn't gonna lose I wasn't gonna
surrender at punch I was sure I just
wasn't gonna do it
yeah I love your tricks by the way
trying to get back first punches
oh no wait to it wait
oh here we go there we go yes yes oh I
thought ahead you over that hit there we
go there we go
don't go get me get me Jenny I don't
think I can get you this round
oh okay definitely more bruised than I
am some look here yeah look like a
butterfly sting like mustard in your eye
Oh
well that's one version one so we have
to do one search to decide the ultimate
winner of winning this always beat
punching a BPD right hmm
that was what
I definitely
Wow you monster
Wow whatever there see one shot well
have you bought hold up it only works
it's over Hannah
ah damn it mmm son you got nothing to
worry about
Giga Mac is that's predictable as a
clock okay okay you're right you're
absolutely right beyond infinite I got a
hunger the fuck down let me get up on
that roof show this little Mac who's
boss your legs in it you got my strategy
Oh Ariel my strategy of you trying to
get those fucking stars Oh
Sugar's paycheck that's very true
well plane thank you all right yeah you
did good listen your your your uh punch
out Novus you beat me that second batch
I got you once I'm gonna have to that'll
that'll have to be it ah that's good
that's good sorry that we stopped
talking for 20 minutes there but rich
Evans all-time world champion great okay
yes this won't go up on YouTube they'll
go up on YouTube eventually of course
they probably won't be up for weeks but
in any case thank you guys so much for
coming out we really do appreciate that
you pay attention to our idiocy um
and we'll be back Sundays solo stream or
Sunday Jack and a half is what we're
calling it now look let me try a sick
mood for you okay okay you're ruining
you draining all of your energy yeah
okay you're right
yeah all good night everybody
