Nov 9, 2014
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, Friday the Birthday Dick
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/44790444, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hc8us1ztTI
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/44792975, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOP6DjAdKfk
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/44790619, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxiieL2mIrQ
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/44791997, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eno8xf0T__E
"There is a stream tonight, 8:30pmCST. Don't know what I'm playing or if Rich will be there. Yah for not knowing things!!!" (archive.vn/9zuMz)
"Binding of Isaac: Rebirth - Hack & a Half(Featuring Rich Evans) NOW!!!" (archive.vn/uAYha)

[Part I]
this is what I've done rich I don't know
if we are streaming yet I'm about to I'm
about to tweet oh we I think it did it
rich I think it I did it
excellent yeah a video is starting up
that's great that's great with this
we're gonna wait for the word from John
kilo that he can hear us both this is
Jack talking oh they're complaining
about the stream starting late when it's
it's starting early isn't it it's
starting four minutes early ah what is
it with you people I said Oh God I said
we were gonna start at 8:30 and we
officially started the stream at 826 and
you know what we could have started
earlier but we were we were dealing with
audio issues off stream because I know
you guys don't like that yes yes we were
doing our best to be professional
the one thing I'm gonna do that's not
necessarily professional is I'm going to
tweet that we're streaming now so rich
say hi to everyone
Wow hi everyone hello
Jax tweeting and I'm filling dead air on
my own which we we all know how well
that works you're great at it
yeah yes we are yes I am so I'm reading
I'm reading comments about the Bears
getting pounded by the Packers and you
know no shit III think it was obvious
from the the the Patriots game that the
Bears have given up and they are now
collapsing and they're collapsing hard
but whatever oh then you can do about it
tiger
that was great am I still feeling dead
air really I'm tweeting okay how long I
wanted to take you to tweet you get 12
characters to use
mm-hmm yep only 12 that's how Twitter
works you only get throw characters okay
I think I just tweeted I just tweeted
great things are happening you know what
great things are happening yep oh I've
seen our new emoticons by the way how do
you feel about our new emoticons oh
they're cute when you make an emoticon
you have to you have to make it so it is
28 by 28 pixels and that's what that's
what shows up in the chat 28 by 28
pixels that's not a lot of room to work
with and so constructing the lion and
crocodile brain was rather difficult and
just looking at it I'm a little unhappy
with it the line brain is smaller than a
crocodile brain yes and that's that's
your fault that is that's my fault
lightly and that's a little upsetting so
I'll probably change that you can change
them yeah you can you can go back and
change them you can delete them but I
liked mostly how they turned out the
crocodiles were based off of the pitfall
crocodiles because those were like the
simplest alligator crocodile things I
could make and this fragra half
crocodile yeah oh my god it's got little
Froggers got little alligators oh my god
well then we'll deal with that in a
second so I will you know what I'll do
some research you you need to do some
more research on digital crocodiles yes
you're right you're right I think so
welcome everybody to the stream I hope
everyone uh I hope everyone got a chance
to see one of our new twitch profile
banner well then I'm gonna look up his
name real quick a fan Eric buyer Eric
buyer sent that over to us and I thought
it was so great he sent over the
character
and I loved it and asked him if we could
use it as our you you you did a great
job but why the fuck am i a foot shorter
than Jay and Jessi then then don't make
no sense that don't make no sense at all
rich is comically short Thank You
Wiesner for subscribing I should do that
Jack you guys subscribe laughs oh my god
your alerts not Andre oh my god the
alerts not on and our twitches of our
stream is about to flip out really yeah
hold on I gotta fix it I gotta fix it
oh my god oh I see what's going on yes
whoa sorry about that everybody
oh my god I have no idea what happened I
Jack seizures yeah I'm really sorry
everybody look away look away any future
problems look away I fixed it I fixed it
everyone hopefully everybody party hard
right there oh my god really sorry about
that everybody it's gonna be a scandal
pay rent give seizures I don't know what
happened but that happened so you know
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna get um I'm
gonna get rebirth up here and yeah sorry
my subber lair was not on yeah but uh
for anyone who didn't know Isaac and his
mom were playing by name Isaac rebirth
in a small house on a hill Jack is
playing Binding of Isaac rebirth can't
do it himself
yeah that kinda shopton I'm sure
everybody is really really shocked by
this life was simple in any case I knew
it hasn't seen you oh there we go was
I'm too old Chris thanks for subscribing
we really appreciate it
oh my god and this sarted been condemned
I see thank you for subscribing
as the alert just not working what's
going on no now it's working I was on a
different screen it's all right don't
worry about 6:00 it's working about
moving all of it so I'm gonna skip this
opening cinematic for anyone who doesn't
know Isaac Isaac's mom tries to kill him
because the voice of God tells her to
kill Isaac and and we run away from our
moms the exact same story it's the exact
same story is this even the same art
it's different art it is now pixel art
which is how Edmond originally wanted it
done but he didn't have the resources to
make the pixel art they made it look
pixel a but I'm talking about just the
animations here is that like the same
it's it's a little ings
it's it might be the same drawings with
like a pixel filter over yeah yeah this
is new though like this little wing
title thing here this is new every you
know this is very some new thing and
I've been playing the shit out of this
game on my Vita and I love it I haven't
I actually have not played it on the PC
yet well the chat is already bitching
about pixel art oh you know what I think
I can change that actually I can turn a
filter on here to make it look more like
because they knew they were gonna get
complains about that really yes and so
there's a little filter button here if I
turn it on it looks more like the
original flash game are you shitting me
I'm not shitting you because they
originally it was like a joke but
apparently some people really want oh my
god meets camp what you need Campbell
meanie camel feet curtains thank you for
subscribing and snug UN's thank you for
subscribing snow goose legumes that's an
easy one legumes we appreciate it so
quick vote do you guys want the pixel
art to the new art or the filter on blur
filters are horrible good enough for me
pixel art it is
yeah no time all right but you know
people bitch about pixel art and you
gotta realize the reason a lot of indie
games have pixel art it's not even
necessarily a hipster retro thing it's
that it's easier to do kind of thing I
think it is easier to do and you know
like with a game like this I think it's
but you know we've talked about this a
lot this game has a ton of homage is to
old-school like Zelda games and so the
pixel art aesthetic really works also a
shitload of votes pixel did yes great
then we're doing it here's my one
complaint because we made such a big
deal out of normal and hard mode mmm so
nor there's normal and you'll see this
in a second Ridge there's normal and
there's hard Jack it only plays if you
counted on the hardest possible
difficulty well the only way it counts
here's the thing in the original game in
The Binding of Isaac there was no normal
and hard it was just what is now hard
mode okay and so it's actually I think
normal is like easy and hard as normal
but like normal still plays good I
played it on normal ones and it still
plays good it was just significantly
easier than I was used to but for a new
player I could see how they would want
to start on normal yeah but I mean hard
is is the right way to play this game if
you you do you still need a fantasy
controller member to play this with a
controller or do they add patroller
support sound of curiosity this is the
beautiful thing about rebirth ah what
I'm gonna call rebirth is like the
blu-ray edition of your favorite VHS
movie yeah I know they added full
controller support they
they added a whole bunch of great stuff
it's it's like the blu-ray version with
decreased resolution is what you're
saying well you know it's like it's like
what it what it is is like imagine a
movie you know that was that was shot on
film and then released on VHS that
without blu-ray two atps no but like if
it was released on VHS it would be it
would be square right it would be four
by three so on blu-ray could be
full-frame right okay okay and so this
is how was really originally intended
and something really cool apparently I
can't do that okay so the other really
cool thing is over here you can see
press tab to input a seed it has all of
its random seeds the seeds categorized
so if you really like a run you can
write down the seed and play it over and
over again okay and like share it with
people so anyway we're gonna we'll get
started
oh yeah move mouse cursor thank you
someone for reminding me to move my
mouse cursor space space Kim oh thank
you for telling me to move my mouse
cursor what's the deal with the mouse
cursor it was just on the screen and
that's a no I would find that yeah
oh my god I'm wildly rich I love this
already have you not played this already
I have not played it on the computer yet
I've only played it on my Vita and okay
with the big twin sticks of the Xbox 360
controller oh this feels nice I'm
digging it there's a lot of things about
rebirth that I really really dig full
360 degree motion on that twin stick
action no actually it stuck to the
original four directions okay so you can
only shoot up left right or down like if
if it's in between it doesn't shoot at
at a 45-degree angle
but you Watson's you get full motion you
get 45 degree motion moving just not
shooting that's that so but it still
works it's still accurate enough
oh here's so here's one of the new
things about rebirth is these giant
rooms so you see how big this room is
you'll see in a second
in the original game all the rooms were
the same tiny size and now they've added
these big rooms where you have like a
lot of room to move and the enemies are
bigger and harder but you get more room
to dodge awesome it's really great and
of course a ton of new items this might
but this looks like a bloody sperm well
I'm glad you're enjoying your new toy oh
thank you oh I got a coli a dirty touch
I don't know what that is but we'll find
out Oh poop monsters here's a new enemy
there poop monsters may also have
monsters I don't know not these little
guys okay okay don't think it did that
tells you how big of a fan I am I don't
think it did these guys I have the most
problem with for some reason they spit
at just like the right sea speed or it
like throws me off
and I was important for everyone no but
whatever you know what rich whatever so
rich by the way yeah in a weird turn of
events I have not seen you in like a
week it's weird what's been going on um
not much um basically not much it's just
always for me not to see you for so long
why don't we didn't we did a new half
the bag leave we almost skip for that
Mike and Jay did interstellar oh yeah
that just went up right yes yes so now
everybody could abandon the stream to
watch the deux half in the bag that is
up uh-huh I've been uh I'm interested in
seeing in her cell and I've been hearing
some not so nice things about it though
I'm interested in seeing it myself
though all I know is it's a Christopher
Nolan science fiction movie yeah that's
basically all I know cuz I haven't seen
it Mike and Shane went to a midnight
screening and oh I think I know I don't
know why I didn't bother to ask to go
with but I was like yeah that's how
disinterested you are in the movie
y'all would probably see it at some
point I'm just not a rush I don't know
that much about it I'm actually probably
gonna learn a lot when I finally get
around to watching the half of the bag
that's really funny yeah you know it's
it's Christopher Nolan and I don't know
I am soil free every time I say his name
by the way
I'm terrified I'm gonna say Nolan Ryan
that's what I keep doing like you see
the new Nolan Ryan movie but yeah
director the movies weird
he quit his baseball career is he still
alive there's no one right so haha sure
he's still alive it was a baseball guy
right yes yeah
a baseball guy yes I know sports things
rich that Nolan Ryan died yeah he played
a little baseball huh
he played enough baseball where I
recognize his name if that means
anything
yeah yeah he was he was big-time pitcher
big-time picture multiple no-hitters
okay no hitters ever would rare and good
oh I just did the dumbest thing rich but
I activated I had this card and I didn't
know what it did and I thought it gave
me hearts but actually had called down
the foot of Mohammed not my life down
more why would they why would it do that
well cuz I could call it down to like
stomp on an enemy and I was supposed to
call it down and then move okay okay I'm
pretty dumb is basically the moral of
the story yeah yeah so what else is up
with rich Evans I rewatched the
frighteners oh my god the Michael J Fox
ghost movie yeah alright it's like a ton
of great elements and none of them work
well together there's so many good
things about that movie though but as a
whole it just falls flat oh man yeah
that that movie I'm sure has not aged I
just remember like the cool thing about
the ghost it's popping out of the wall
right a Grim Reaper the Grim Reaper
ghost is the best thing visually and
that is just a great Lee monster yeah
yeah
but the story is just confused oh my god
something I always have a problem with
the movies my personal pet peeve
excessive excessive coincidences okay
when there are ton ton of coincidental
things in the frightened understand what
happened in the frighteners what's
extensive excessive coincidence like the
next murder victim always happens to be
near Michael J Fox and there's not a
story reason for that it's just a
coincidence Oh
stuff stuff like that love interest I
can't remember her name she just
happened to kind of be friend of the
woman who ends up being the villain in
the end it's not really related in any
way coincidences lots of coincidences
and I hate them sure I can see that oh
hey we gotta what the fuck rich who's
our what the fuck
Brattle one two three thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it I
think I think I think they want me to
get a new PC I think oh that's what this
is about it's gonna happen it's gonna
happen it's gonna happen we were we are
we are in the planning stages of Rich's
new PC right now question is what to
spend on up what is the right amount of
money right that's it that's a good
question by the way well I got our nose
800 enough probably not maybe I don't
know I don't know I don't know what
decent computers are going for these
days
yeah that's that's the question and it's
like what you know what obviously you
know we want to be frugal yeah and
sounds like what can we get away with
that's decent but still powerful enough
where you know you can stream and we can
play you know games on the highest ends
graphics and you know all that fun stuff
I would I would love to play the Arkin
games with the physics physics that
would just be good but I mean what like
what what if we have in in a fun
imaginary world right what if we had a
grand is that enough
yeah grand is probably enough okay well
then let's so so then it's like what can
we FAC Rand is enough what can we get
away with eight hundred nine yes once
once we get 800 that's when I start
doing research I think okay once we get
800 in the Pre Rec fun yeah then then I
start doing the hardcore this is
happening research the chat seems to
think of 1k is the way to go
1k yeah okay yeah we you know it'll do
it it'll take a little bit longer but we
can yeah okay yeah if that's if that's
what we'll get you know cuz a big thing
for me whenever I buy technology is if I
have to spend a little bit extra money
to help future proof you know or it's
like we could get a decent PC for 800
but if we spend an extra 200 and elasti
a couple extra years or even one extra
year you know like that's worth it I
mean I got a I don't have solid-state
hard drives but I do have a decent
amount of just hard drive space I've got
like three terabytes worth of hard
drives I think but I know they're not
solid-state drives and those are faster
and those are the new thing yeah yeah so
so chad is his style is solid-state
really worth it
that's like a foot tap yeah that is a
good question for chat I can tell you
this for me and you know just using
video editing software and whatnot is
like bombs that's my mom is solid-state
is really good as far as like startup is
concerned it doesn't offer me greater
performance for video editing but it
might be different for gaming right and
then it's like you know what a chat chat
love is the solid state
okay incidental oh well then you know
you should what we could do here is like
get you two drives right get you like
one like seven seven 200 rpm Drive just
for like normal stuff
I could reuse my old drives sure but but
then like we just buying new a
solid-state drive and then we can get
you a solid-state
I get what I'm saying is like we'll get
you like a like a reasonably sized
solid-state just for gaming mm-hm and
then you could like run your OS off of a
different drive and run your game run
your games off of like a solid-state you
know yeah yeah we probably want the OS
in the solid state too though I imagine
oh I suppose I suppose you know what
you're right but any any anything else I
supposed to be okay
I'm sure like keep your media yeah sure
but then I just run games I'm Sol say
all right well solid-state you've
convinced me chat and rich solid-state
doesn't matter
and we have said I don't you know I
don't know if we've ever said this on
check before but rich and I have said
that when when rich builds his PC we
will build live oh my god
we have a weapon fuck if you're hoping
for some okay JP versus the world thank
you for subscribing really I mean if
you're if you want to see me build the
PC just so you can laugh at me freaking
out about building my own PC you'll be
disappointed because I've done this
before this is this I I haven't seen
this straight item before someone tell
me what that is but yeah we are we are
gonna stream ears down off you know
that's good oh yeah
Mike Mike just sent me a text teasing me
about the Bears game Mike said don't
forget to tune in right now what's
happening oh there I'm swimming they're
still getting their asses handed to them
makes your shots quicker oh yeah
definitely
and I'm not surprised at all 35 to
nothing there still I have got not even
third quarter oh man sorry I I don't
live and die by it by the Bears or
football I'm really mostly a baseball
fan so I Will Survive it's just that I
have to constantly take shit from
Packers fans up here because Packers
fans are the biggest fucking assholes
they just gotta rip your face I don't
care that much in the first place but
just the constant
all right you're not on the team what do
you give your shit you did anything I'm
just rooting for a team through through
support of the team they contribute to
the something here
I don't they can trip the fact of their
giant assholes
I I don't know I don't know I don't
watch sports I don't know what's going
on
I don't sport I'm glad that mike is such
a it's so funny with you about sports
though because wait why is Mike a
Packers fan uh cuz I cuz he is he's fair
weathered enough to have change his
allegiance the second he moved oh my god
really
yeah yeah what a dick their shit their
shit from what I know about sports fans
is you are you are whatever you are born
you know so if you are born a Bears fans
your forever a Bears fan
that's that's what I know about sports
right so Mike is officially a dick
there's nothing new there excellent very
funny that's fine oh so so in any case
to get back to what we were saying is we
will build the PC and live on stream
yeah yeah yeah and it won't be a face
game the cam will be on the PC that that
we're building but we will build it live
and rich has built the PC before and
were generally competent adults so yeah
don't don't look for like us to be
messing up or anything it's just going
to be very simple now this part goes
here all right that part is there now
looks like we've done it might need a
bit of a refresher on things I don't
know but yeah for the most part it will
be old hat I think yeah
Boop so much poop I'm not sure if I like
these shots I got this little white
stick item that makes my tier shots come
out super fast I'm not sure I'd dig it
mmm just letting you know in general
here's a new doodad see this uh in the
center of the screen there is this black
heart which is one awesome because it's
a black heart it's a new heart item that
if you get hit if you get hit it and
this black heart is like you'd be your
next heart you damage all the enemies in
the room of course
oh you lose a bit of your heart but it's
super awesome I'm gonna save that for
later okay
it's a really fun new item that's just
the the short bit that I've played
around so far and the music the new
music is great as well it's everything
it's everything an Isaac fan could want
Mike is still texting me about the Bears
with the Bears playing today the Packers
oh that's why I just didn't know if he
was like if he was watching the Bears
game just to give you shit about it you
might do that sure don't hold that pass
them not doing good not doing good
first run of the night and might might
eat it off of a dumb enemy that I
shouldn't eat it on what is your winning
percentage in in Isaac um
I mean not great I picked up Isaac when
it came out on Tuesday and
and I won my second run a beat mom on my
second run and that's better
gotta get rid of that white stick and
then I beat mom's heart unlike my fourth
or fifth run mmm so and and I haven't
beaten actually I have not beat mom's
heart since III think I have right now
about like a oh no I feed it once since
it's a like right now I'm at like a 12
game loss so my win streak is 1 and 12
about okay okay I don't know if that's
good or I don't know like what average
people's runs are but it's pretty normal
cuz you know like a lot of it it just
really does depend on what items you get
right and rooms you get invite Mike to
the stream he's not doing anything no
he's watching the Packers game hahaha
and he's he's not gonna stop watching
the Packers game for a video game stream
when he loves the Packers and hates
video games Mike doesn't come to the
video game stream when he's in the same
building yes so convincing him to come
to the video game stream while he's
doing something else that he enjoys is
gonna be difficult just as a general
heads-up
under those that Blackheart
they're asking if you beat Satan in the
original Isaac
I beat Satan no I have not gotten to
that point yet I want to say like you
have to beat the game Oh Lord how many
times you have to beat the game to get
to even play say well it's it's a you
know cuz like it like most modern
roguelikes you know like the more you
play the game the more you unlock and so
you have to beat the game something like
like twenty thirty times just a play say
no so the answer is no no I have no I am
NOT platon god I I have not gotten I
played the game beaten in a ton just you
know I'm not old chug computers chugging
computers chugging for 30 enemies on
screen this is gonna this is gonna be
fun later on here you're some fun new
enemy he's all blocking the skull guys
they not take damage they only take
damage when their head pops up okay and
so you have to like dance around them
and of course on their head pops up they
also shoot right so you have to like
dance around them until their head pop
got one finally they're they're a real
tricky enemy
but this wittle wittle them down a
little bullet hell action classic bullet
hell come on there we go zombie guys oh
nice ice double heart double heart into
soul heart feeling good feeling strong
we see what we get here brother Bobby
the chat is giving the game shit for
being like The Legend of Zelda Thank You
jatt that was the joke Oh shark spear
first of all great name as I'd like to
think that Shakespeare was a shark and
secondly sharks beer thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it ok
when you first said shark spear yeah I I
thought like that was an item in Isaac
oh yeah I'm walking I'm watching it away
I'm like ok he found the sharks there
huh that's great no he's subscribed or
she and I appreciated that
alright boss time
who the fallen here's like a little
bittle so Jack yeah oh my god I guess
you're concentrating oh I'll I'll leave
off questions do you're done with the
boss okay
is that me just be cruel ah yeah that'd
be helpful right now this is a new boss
personal boss are there new bosses yes
there are new bosses and they're
hilarious
fuck I'm gonna oh fuck I died uh what
was the question rich what do you what
do you think of the new Star Wars name
the force awakens at first I rolled my
eyes but it makes sense has any I mean
the series is not it is not lent itself
well to naming has it traditionally no
yeah that's that's why I mean I
rescinded my first I roll really quickly
cuz yeah there's all cheesy I mean the
movies great but I got to imagine when
you first heard the title like you know
the Empire Strikes Back what's that
that's weird
is that a name you know I can imagine
that sounding weird the first time you
hear it absolutely absolutely
I'm just like a new hope you know I I
would like to challenge the channel to
actually come up with a sincerely better
name than haha that feels like it would
also be a Star Wars name yes and so it
has to be a little cheesy
that's the rule it just it has to feel
like it fits with the other titles the
other Star Wars movies Empire Strikes
Back Return of the Jedi yeah like like
you can't call it Star Wars the blood in
it
okay then I changed my submission
mr. Bursch item because I wanted to call
the bloody name no you know what I
wanted to call it I was pissed off this
somebody else had already come up with
it I googled I googled it
yeah I wanted to call it Star Wars -
electric Boogaloo Boogaloo I googled it
some fucker already said it I was so
pissed on I'm very sorry I'm very very
sorry homing bombs star star wars
lightsabers lightsabers lightsabers yes
one prequel that would have been her
name yeah that's a great name that's
really funny
lightsabers like save his life savers
and and darkness dark force rising that
sounds like a a Creedence Clearwater
Revival songs dark force rising but that
make sense that's probably gonna be like
Episode eight or nine right
probably yeah sure dark force rising
yeah I don't know that's you know what
that might be too lame
was it was a force awakens like was that
the name of any of the books I I don't
know I'm assuming they've thrown out all
that that that continuity you haven't
been I don't know are the fans pissed
about that that all their weird-ass
books have been nullified um maybe I
don't know you know who I can ask about
that you know who read all the books who
my wife oh really yes
um is she upset that that has all been
thrown in the garbage
no no she unceremoniously thrown in the
garbage she's not upset cuz like she
like she's the first to admit that the
books weren't that great she just liked
being in that universe a little longer
you know okay okay so no she's not upset
about that
pause the game and go ask her if she's
upset that their that their retconning
or universe everything yeah okay I guess
this means no new Jedi Knight game
that's that's kind of depressing hold on
hold on return my guys good you go once
again I'm left here alone to fill that
air and that's just not gonna work too
well you guys saying what are you guys
saying life after Lucas yeah that's
acceptable acceptable acceptable comedy
Star Wars everything you love is about
to be ruined again maybe that's that's
entirely possible
well there wouldn't be a new jet in that
game because they have thrown out that
continuity that continuity is now in the
trash bin and they have heard that
Disney has like a of rule they're
enforcing now where they don't want a
supplemental material written that is
not in continuity so the old EU cannons
been thrown out and I don't think
they're going to be allowed to make
anything new that applies just to that
cannon okay all right jump back okay
okay so so well the first thing I asked
her was you know whether or not she
enjoyed the Star Wars books in general
mm-hmm and she said you know she she
remembered enjoying them but you know
she hadn't read them since like middle
school it's been a long time right and I
said do you think he'll be upset if they
completely change the story in the new
sequels and in a wonderful show of why I
love her so much she said she is not
ready to acknowledge that the sequels
are real Star Wars movies yet okay you
surely surely they're gonna be better
than the prequels sure surely they're
gonna be better than the prequels fine
oh by the way we found us has a great
title Star Wars seven Manchester five
but but the expanded universe stuff I
mean that that stands zero chance of
being brought back into any kind of
continuity I mean that is now gone for
good that's all at a trash can and it's
gonna stay there forever yeah yeah but
yeah but so this is but this is what
she's saying is is right now it doesn't
matter to her cuz like if the new Star
Wars movie is bad it won't matter for
her because she has the books and that's
her that's her sequel okay and if guys
are good then she'll be okay with it
because the movies are good
that's a healthy attitude this is the
thing I'm still sad that now there will
definitely never be another Jedi Knight
dam but it probably would have been crap
anyway but the way the game industry is
and the fact that EA owns the license so
actually you know what I'm kind of glad
about that now I'm changing I have just
changed my opinion nice cuz I forgot
that VA own Star Wars at least they
doubted or owned it but they they have
like the exclusive rights to make Star
Wars games for the next I don't know how
many decades or whatever but do they
yeah the Disney a poll Disney upheld
that deal that was that was what do you
mean I tell them that was after the
Disney takeover Oh was it yeah I I don't
I tried really hard not to pay attention
to Star Wars I'll be honest with you
even in the realms of gaming one stroke
I forgot what item I got loved monstro
as an enemy
I love his character design but I feel
like I faced him a lot to get the
special item can you go back yeah I can
go back you're you're you're beating us
ass it's not like you're gonna lose to
this guy no no what the fuck Jax Oh
Holly
wow that was you for subscribe that was
not close at all Jackson Holly Jackson
Holly oh whatever
Nexen Holly thank you please subscribe
oh I remember what I got I got the bomb
thing I have homing bombs that's what my
item in the dumb item hi oh let's see
what this Oh John key lo Cascio
crocodile brain Ridge Revenge of the
force that would be a horribly generic
name revenge it's it's not better than
the force awakens so the force awakens
make sense cuz he'll like it's it's
gonna be about the kids right it's been
a while since there's been a real Star
Wars movie so you know it's like Star
Wars been reborn it's it's a it's a
meadow reference huh it is ya know it's
a better reference to end it but it I'm
sure it will make sense in the story
wise where it's like the children of the
jedis and the force is coming back to
being a real thing because there was
only yeah oh sure I'm sure that'll play
into a two but I'm sure the titles also
a reference the fact that there hasn't
been a good Star Wars movie in thirty
years or just a Star Wars if we if we
stop counting the prequels as Star Wars
movies life gets a lot easier
please stop talking about fucking star
wars we can't we're damned if we do
we're damned if we don't Jack it's true
right listen
it came up we're gonna talk about it
like I think say stuff like we do it a
lot what are you talked about star wars
in a stream right besides the odd
reference we never like to discuss the
star wars or maybe you know what maybe
that was sarcastic raishin maybe maybe I
could see that as being sarcastic oh
geez guys stop talking about star wars
stop playing games I think we've talked
about this at some point before they're
asking me about TIE fighter now that
game has been re-released on GOG yeah
III love gog they release DRM free games
you've heard me bitch about that before
I'm still gonna plug them because I like
them I don't know whether or not it's
worth it to buy it because I still own
the original disc for those right I'm I
own all of that shit I'd be like
rebinding it you know but yeah because
so the question is how easy is it for
you to play right now yeah it's a little
bit of pain in the ass get that shit
running yes
and so it's like is it worth it for you
just for ease of running when I don't
have money coming out of my ass I had
ten dollars could be used for other
things I can't I don't know if I could
justify something I already own even
though it would be a more convenient
version of something there you go cuz I
can I can get it running you know I mean
it's pain in the butt but I can do it
sure I'm with you
I think there's stuff in pots now you
waste a bum wasted a bum need a key rich
need a key I don't have any keys looks
like you need a heart no no it's um part
of the new seeker room come on Kiki part
of the oh sorry you're right part up one
of the new things is you get these
random darkness rooms we're like you
can't see stuff sometimes it's the map
that you can't see and now I can't see
how many hearts I have left okay
so I I don't think I've gotten hit yet
on this level but even if I had like
just half a heart and I was about to die
I wouldn't know which is that that's
sounds like a pain in the ass well it's
you know it's part it's part of the
Delian oh sure sure part of the fun do
you think it's fun I'm just gonna sit
here I'm being told that gog is working
on some kind of online gaming thing well
I I don't give a shit about multiplayer
so I I have not followed that at all I
literally have not followed that at all
son I'm sure it's great fine it's fine
there you go just fine I'm sure it's
great fun everything's fine everything's
gonna be great fine
a basement that's my favorite classic
Sierra game um I was always fond of the
Space Quest games though my absolute
favorite one of all time quest for glory
- it was and I always seemed like the
most epic the most to do on that one
um yeah big fan of that one my opinion
of hmm hey Chad what is this black book
I haven't seen this item before and I
think I have plenty of hearts so this
might be worth it tell me what this
black book is so go ahead rich uh okay
hi oh they want me to get the tail
what's the tail what are they doing I
don't know what they do
yeah quest for glory for was good but
quest for glory - I think might have
been the last one they made we actually
had to type in things and
point-and-click to me it's always you
just you figure out what you click on
and that's how you solve puzzles just by
randomly clicking on shit the ones react
they actually have to type in what you
would do with things that you find and
what you could see I mean it made you I
think I made you think more about what
you were doing and I I like that okay I
think I think I think quest for glory
too was might've been the last game they
made that had a a parser when you
actually typed in actions oh the book is
a usable item that increases damage for
the room as not where the heart that's
not worth a heart and I don't know what
that tail is oh fuck oh I needed those
what do you think do you think there
will be a post credit scene for Star
Wars I know that's not their thing
that's nuts that's yeah that's not Star
Wars style Star Wars as man has never
done anything like that
somebody says tail and vulnerability for
three rooms the three rooms Oh freak
rooms okay um oh yeah all right we'll
give it we'll give it a try I don't
think I've ever used the tail before oh
well give it a try I'm like Samson
that's pretty
all right you have plenty of soul hearts
there ask they're also asking if they
think movie will have opening credits
with Disney involved I think they will
try to stick as closely as they possibly
can to the visual style of the classic
Star Wars trilogy yeah I think right I
think you're still gonna see the exact
same opening text crawl the extent exact
same Star Wars flying at the camera to
start his face pan down it's gonna be
the exact same thing they've they've
done in all the movies absolutely yeah
they're gonna they're going to make as
classic a Star Wars movie as they can
it's gonna be it's gonna be a nostalgia
overload is what it's going to be yes
and you know what I'm sure it will be
absolutely acceptable yeah the problem
won't be a Fox logo but as they can
how's that come on guys no there won't
be a fox
who's saying that'll be different yes
that will be different okay you got you
got a will not put the logo of their old
distributor the music they use is that
like a classical piece of music that
they can use that dump dump dump uh
didn't it a duck done
that's guys I suppose they might they
might try and get the rides just to use
that it won't be the same without the
20th Century Fox open oh come on what
the fuck does this tail do I don't know
what I got myself into with this tail
because the person was wrong about the
invulnerability I don't I don't I have
no idea I thought it was like a usable I
know but I don't know get in my I don't
see it as usable I don't know what I
don't know it does end it really it
doesn't matter do you think of some
point this is just reading a question
the will will get a Plinkett review of
episode 7 we haven't even seen it it
might might be the best movie ever made
there might be no reason to do a Plinkett
review our knows who knows I'm sure I'm
sure if there's some about the movie
there probably would but who knows
that's the real thing we don't know
anything like they just wrapped filming
right yes yes we know nothing about the
movie
just say yes which yes
no not not only will there be a new
Plinkett review of episode 7 it comes
out tomorrow yes
so you know keep keep your eyes open
keep your eyes open tomorrow we're brand
new finger view of episode 7 now they
actually had Mike on set and he was
looking at some of the stuff so he's
gonna do a review based off of the day
and a half that he was there for filming
so it should be really exciting guys
guys thank you so much guys they're
happy little food now like shooting the
poops with my tears that's a real
fantasy
are you are you worried at all not
worried if I mean do you think it's
weird that that JJ Abrams has already
decided he wasn't going to direct the
other movies that they've already found
even director yes because III worry they
don't have any idea what they're doing
uh-huh as a whole and they're just kind
of winging it you know that says
something yeah it really does cuz you
know directors writers people who work
in Hollywood that's like a it's like a
freelance thing and you're always
banking off of your next job and so to
get a big franchise like this much like
the Star Trek franchise and and kind of
pooh-poohing it right away is yeah
that's definitely a sign that something
is wrong and that something could be
just as simple as like Disney wanting or
control which could be a good thing you
know like maybe Disney wants him to make
it a certain way and that could turn out
to be good and no offense to JJ Abrams
as a director but you know sometimes he
needs a little help and he's a big
enough name where if he just wants 100%
control over a film he can get that
somewhere else yeah so
but it does not speak well to the film
right from the get-go I you know I'm not
worried because like I'm just not I
can't be that invested in it I'm not
saying that the guy who directed looper
isn't talented that's not the issue the
issue isn't weird that JJ Abrams who's I
think I've heard somewhere his dream was
always the direct Star Wars movie has
already decided not to do the sequels
yeah it sounds like there are already
troubles in in paradise yes if this was
if this was his dream project and
everything was turning out hunky-dory
he would have he would have signed a
contract to direct all of them and
animated features and you know
everything the TV commercials you know
so fucking guys in there poop
I'm not killing it rich I'm not killing
it with this game and I'm okay with that
cuz that's how this game works
the fun one
make that one no keys goddamn keys
monkeys you should be sorry it's your
fault blame you did you see did you see
it over watch you keep it up on
overwatch I don't know anything about
overwatch what does overwatch overwatch
is a new Blizzard game you got obviously
you weren't paying attention to it
because it's an online only multiplayer
shooter oh right the Wii it's it's very
Team Fortress 2 uh-huh it's you know a
class based shooter with a very cartoony
art style mm-hmm so I'm immediately
interested because what you want it
looks like a thing that I are he like
yes and terrible things about me but I
don't care a lot of life what you like
Jack yeah favorite no problem no problem
I got your back jack
you got my back
fucking flies hey we gotta what the fuck
ginger hell thank you for subscribing be
really efficient
ginger hell kind of a fun I like it if
rich likes it I like it like yeah Jay
jamsi you keep asking that stupid Mass
Effect American flex laters question and
I'm I'm not answering it because it's
stupid so you can stop asking that
question now now is the time for you to
stop doing that repetitive thing and you
know what that's the best answer ever
thank you my answer is shut up oh yeah
feeling good no keys but feeling good
I'm sorry
keys just completely random yeah yeah
all that all the item drops are
completely random and so like right now
I have no keys and no bombs and you need
keys to unlock the the golden rooms that
give you like new powers and so like my
my stats are not really good and I don't
have great powers which sucks but
nothing you can really do about that Oh
keys no bombs yeah I'll talk about it
big hero six in a bit I wanted to talk
about overwatch a little bit more
the trailer looks amazing obviously
because it's it's not gameplay footage
it's just a pre-rendered like it's a
movie I thought that right but you know
like the the interesting thing for me
because it's so clearly modeled after
Team Fortress 2 and like Blizzard is
like really locking on with this kind of
freedom freemium model with like other
games it's you know like I do wonder
like are they I think I stick with
free-to-play like what are what are they
gonna do what is it you know I'm like
what in the class is gonna be like I'm
very excited to play overwatch if it's
free if it is like full retail price if
it's a $60 game then it can go fuck
itself ok shooter you already have team
40 I already have papers too and I'm not
paying for another Team Fortress 2 but
it's free I'm gonna play the shit out of
it these wall spiders are new enemy you
can go ahead fuck right off also there's
something you know something just that I
like because it's fun to point out like
other people's I will call it hypocrisy
but like you at Blizzcon they made it
the whole whole big deal out of like
equality and how all gamers need to
treat each other cool which I thought
was really nice cuz you know obviously
Blizzard is a huge game company and
they're like hey let's be cool yeah I
think we should start treating female
game characters not just female gamers
but female game characters with respect
and then they show the trailer for
overwatch and it's all the women are
like scantily clad and wearing cat suits
and it's like come on listen
it was just it was just a fun little fun
little piece of uh I don't know irony or
hypocrisy here something like that it
was funny funny things are keys that's
all I have to say about overwatch I'm
excited about it I have I had less to
say than that ah nothing to say about
overwatch that's trailer I haven't seen
Brook unwind shooter which should I'm
not gonna play but this is an
online-only shorter yep as I figured
some somebody did ask me what I like
about back to the future they also said
they heard it was my favorite movie
which one of them I don't think I've
ever said it was my absolute favorite
but but still I love the movie Back to
the Future just has a tight script
everything in Back to the Future is set
up and payoff you know yeah I can be
with you ever every single thing I think
everything they mentioned in that movie
eventually has a payoff yeah
I can be with you on that you're gonna
absolutely 100% be with me on that

[Part II]
yeah back to the futures great also a
movie that I've seen recently that has
aged very well
yeah like bit I mean besides the whole
Oh back the future I think that's age
mole okay yeah no like besides the whole
deal that's like they're obviously like
you know in the 80s early 90s or 80s I
suppose and you know like everything
looks like they're in the 80s but of
course it's about time travel so yeah
it's okay that they look like the 80s
because when they're in the 50s it looks
like the 50s why would you complain that
it looks like 80s movies take place then
I'm confused
well cuz know Oh first of all great oh
man Gwyn e3k and jaemin's Oh 8 thank you
both for subscribing we really
appreciate your not gonna give them
their own individual you're just gonna
lump them together like that okay
Jamin Zoe thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
also Gwyn e3k you have our utmost
appreciation oh oh so Gwyn easin also ha
she she's subscribed first and she's the
also did your fantastic
well not like normally if you if a movie
is set in the 80s and everything has
like all those 80s things you know like
the cassette player and skateboarding
right then it ages them right away it
dates it right away but because this is
about time travel it's okay though I'm
saying it's okay that it's set in the
eighties because it's a distinct period
I don't know that that would bother me
otherwise I'm seeing a movie that was
made in the 80s looking like the A's
would be like well yeah that's what it
takes place any movie but
but you know it would it would add that
age to it right away all right all right
and you know like mostly because like at
the time it was contemporary so listen
it's not it's not a big deal it's just
one of those things where it works
what's worse than me is like you ever
seen the movie ladyhawk it's kind of
like a medieval fantasy movie with
rector Howard and yeah Michelle Pfeiffer
shelf paper yeah the score in that
though is is was contemporary at the
time music and so there's this there's
this fantasy setting and the music is
all eighties synthesizing and it's so
distracting yes so distracting you're
absolutely right someone so people are
now bitching about my point about dated
movies and then they're giving diehard
as a reference like diehard
is diehard a dated movie diehard does
not have a ton of very eighties things
you know they make a few like 80s
references but I would say back to the
future that entire opening sequence is
nothing but 80s Huey Lewis and the news
goddamn skateboarding and a robo sizing
and you know his life vest jacket right
matters here's here's the question yeah
did they did they when they self-aware
enough at the time to do that
deliberately really framing things that
were going on at the time by the way
they absolutely were yeah because you
know like that opening shot where he's
like riding the back of the Jeep and and
they like for example they see the
aerobics Center right which was a very
modern eighties thing they do very
similar shots when he goes back to the
50s and they see all the fifties things
see that sort of payoff
every
brilliant you're absolutely right
everything's probably this movie I'm on
my third attempt now third attempts I'd
like to beat mom in the stream I have a
pretty good item now I'm pretty happy
with this this is a good I don't know if
this is a new item I think this is an
old lady like this item it's a little
rag doll that all the enemies go and
attack instead of attacking you the chat
is saying most least somebody in the
chat is saying that you are hating on
back to the future Jake is like I don't
know they're there listening to a
different stream maybe yeah there's some
other Jack hating on back to the station
because I think I've been saying nothing
but good things about back to the future
yeah you have so that's weird
in fact I've been I've been hating on
other 80s movies and by comparison
calling it back to the future of
brilliance because of things I hate
about other eighties movies I think
people don't listen I think they just
want to find reason to stay okay I'm
okay yeah that's fine it's sad I don't
agree with it you need a villain you
know if I'm gonna be the villain I get
something all right all right yeah I
mean I'm gonna be okay with that just
because that's the way the world is
sometimes right right if there were no
jack this would not be a thing
the reason we have a gaming stream
because Jack it's listen it's true but
we you know I know you get very
defensive when people make fun of me but
okay it shit and you don't deserve to
get as much history
that might be the nicest thing anyone
has ever said to me you might not
deserve to get as much shit okay that's
fine
you know I'm everything's fine
everything's fine and and wonderful it
was speaking of people giving me shit
something I definitely wanted to bring
up just because it was like it was a
thing that I've been like seeing in the
in the YouTube comments a lot lately
yeah the sonic video has picked up a few
views someone must have linked to it
recently okay and and people are calling
it the sonic video quick debate I have a
small issue of that because I don't
believe I think they might be using the
clickbait incorrectly okay and so I'd
like to get a little group consensus on
clickbait when I think of clickbait what
I think of is like a really enticing
title that will take you to like a video
or an article and then that video or
article not saying anything of substance
right I'd also add in just just trying
to like poke somebody with a stick to
irritate them in order to get views and
attention but you don't say anything and
I don't say anything in that video that
we didn't feel beforehand it wasn't like
we were trying to incite people's like
we had something to say about Sonic well
you know this is what I was getting to
like the title of that episode
Sonic the Hedgehog the the most
overrated game ever was hyperbolic yeah
it was it was a punchy headline that
hopefully grabbed people's attention but
then I'd like to think we added
to the conversation you know we had a
conversation about Sonic the Hedgehog
and stated our opinions hopefully
accurately right and so this is all I'm
getting at is there's a difference
between having a attention-grabbing
headline and being clickbait yeah and
the difference is substance you know
like those awful BuzzFeed articles where
they're just like twenty two reasons why
we love Jennifer Lawrence number one
she's adorable
number two she eats food you know like
that's that's nothing of substance
it has the word Jennifer Lawrence in the
title so you click on it that is
clickbait they've baited you with the
title and and you've gotten you've
gotten trapped I get I get physically
agitated when I click on something and
it takes me two answers calm I instantly
instantly click on close the window what
happens I'm with you I'm like it can't
be with you they're like they're like
they're like top ten type list and every
number and their top ten it's like you
have to click like one sentence at a
time I read the whole thing of course
because then you get a dress they are
the worst what the fuck does rage Pross
from FPR Oh tsk I didn't see if I can do
this for Pratt's key thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Shoop Shoop double yeah what's
shoopdawhoop it's it's this item based
off of the the meme and so you basically
just a giant laser I think I prefer the
best friend it's time to choose my power
the best friend is more more powerful
effective oh okay no just for anyone in
the and a chat who's wondering
the best friend lures people best friend
lures people in so I can I can deal with
the multiple enemies if I have this okay
which is significantly more important
everything's good in any case yeah just
the whole the whole clique baby thing
people a lot of people have been calling
sonic clique baby it's just like it's I
have no problem as a Content producer
being like filling my video title with
hyperbole in hopes that people click on
it but then you know then it is your
responsibility as a commentator or
producer to make sure that it is filled
with some substance that's and that's
just being that's just being a producer
you know you want people to read it and
people you know people want an excuse to
read something and so yeah I'm gonna
fill the headline with hyperbole we've
been we've been talking about what we're
going to call the Zelda 2 episode and
I'm working on a beautifully hyperbolic
exaggerated title and yeah I know you're
not done is that coming along well oh my
god no oh my god
rich Mike we had the worst conversation
no we had a good conversation edit wise
we were all over the place
yeah yeah none of our none of our
thoughts were coherent and so like we
start a thought and then finish it five
minutes later while talking about
everything else under the song is it at
least turning out good what has been in
it yes okay I'd say it's important thing
I have like the first six minutes done
and that's good but of course that's six
minutes you know like you start a
thought and then I have to cut to 20
minutes later in the conversation when I
answer that fuck yeah oh it's it's a
bear to edit
I'm sorry it's okay okay I don't blame
you any hearts how do I open my map does
anyone know how I open my map oh I
figure you know what I figured it out my
pressing buttons easy I want to save
those keys okay here we go
Jack how do you not understand how
others might think the sonic videos
click bait ish well this is all I'm
saying is there's a difference in my
mind between clickbait and hyperbole and
so like I if your definition of click
bait is an enticing headlines that makes
you want to click on it then sure it's
click bait but but I categorize bait is
as long as you deliver is the thing is
that we use yeah this is all I'm saying
it so like in my mind because we had
content a conversation about sonic it's
not click bait but if that's your
definition of quick bait then sure you
know and it's not like we said well
we'll say we hate sonic cuz that'll get
views we said well you know well you
said mostly I mean I agree with the
opinions but I mean you wanted to do the
episode about how you thought sign up is
a little bit overrated and my god
I could see your points let's do an
episode about that yeah you know it
wasn't done just to drum up interest if
it's done because we had something we
wanted to say yes we wanted to discuss
the classic game and and we did that ya
know the the decision to do Sonic was
not like you know we're not we're not
evil we're not little people yes we will
tear apart this beloved franchise so we
will get the views
there's beloved corporate mascot
oh there we go
zelda ii of the alien isolation of our
generation click here to find out more
that's great oh I did I did think of an
episode that I want to do and I'm
beautiful if we're gonna call it click
baby title for it I won't
I won't say it yeah but I'm really
excited to talk to you about my next
idea that's gonna piss a lot of people
off ok cuz I have I have no idea what
what the next episode should be anyway
so I will I think the next episode we
what we talked about a little bit was
doing am doing a just a what we're
playing now yeah and I think that's a
good idea where instead of one episode
devoted to one game we'll fill it with a
bunch of little games that we're playing
now and you know like here's what I'm
playing now here's our like a micro
review right right I think that's a
smart thing to do just cuz yeah we don't
have a big game that we that we are
playing you know that we want to play
even we call the duty the cruel the cold
I'm sorry are you saying duties forgot
the call for the duties and you got a
call to duty it's not what I said call
for the duties out the game good game
it's got got guns it's good oh I got a
great little friend wait to see what
this guy does rich guy has a super
powerful blast ready for it yeah watch
well I'll be seeing Adelaide if it's in
the game here no you just thought wow
she's like a laser blood of lamb laser
blood
I would watch a movie called laser
somebody make a movie called lazer bond
and I'm laze err blood it's fine there's
no blood ocean there's a movie called
blonde ocean no there was uh they made
an indie show Metalocalypse they made a
movie called blood ocean nice yeah
alright yeah that's pretty good I'm
feeling good about this I'm feeling
hyped feelin hyped about this run
because I have this super badass been
like super hype about the run
no I don't want to use a king those ills
that bombs I have this thing with this
game Ridge so like you know all the LD
drops are random right including these
pills here these pills are random but
they're the same in the game so like for
example if I if I take this all white
pill and it does something good for the
rest of this run all the white pills
will do the same thing right okay but
they randomized and so like I don't know
what they do until I take them and like
one of the things they can do is like
get rid of a heart container you know
okay okay but they can also boost your
power do good things but they're all
random well are you powerful enough
right now to beat the game no you want
to beat the game yes I do I want to beat
the chance oh you know what I'm taking a
chance all right take a chance see if I
have blood jack astray yet again of
course 4cm let's take some pills all
right ready well it was a good to be
able to take it was a full health pill
but I already had oh yeah yeah well oh
these things happen and the other one
was a bad one it was rank but not too
bad it was just range down so now my
tears don't go as far but oh I have this
friendly that shoots a laser blood beat
okay the entire map okay well I'm not
terribly worried about it why would you
ever take pills if there's somebody bad
effects that can happen but if they can
have good effects okay okay and they can
have good effects often and then I was
okay I have led Jagga straight yet again
how do I use my friend Oh
full range and shot speed up ice oh you
got your rating you got your range back
does that what happen I got my range
back Oh way apex casket thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it yeah
I got my range up and shot speed up a
little bit and and my evil went up I
don't necessarily know what that means
but my is that is is that new yeah yeah
your your evil amount is a new thing I
think you know you do not know what it
does yet I believe
so there's evilness and there's goodness
like your your faith is what it's called
and if your faith goes up you're more
likely to get soul hearts these blue
hearts that you don't need a heart
container to film okay and if you're
more evil you're more likely to get
these evil hearts that also don't fill
up heart containers but hurt enemies if
you lose a full one so they're both good
someone saying evil increases the chance
for a devil drummer Oh and devil rooms
are how good the rooms are good that
rooms are good and bad devil rooms are
those rooms where you can trade in a
heart container or or stuff and so if
you're loaded with heart containers
they're really good but if you're not
and they don't matter okay but if you're
loaded with heart containers and you can
like you can sometimes get a really
badass items okay well there's some good
I think we're doing pretty good right
now
you know I've been pretty good about
this run mostly because we have this
badass guy entirely have to take your
word on that that's true that's true
Oh too many cooks was brilliant did you
see too many cooks
no what does too many crooks too many
cooks it was this Adult Swim the thing
oh okay okay I can't I can't even
explain it if you haven't
it was a beautiful piece of Cala T that
everyone just go Google too many cooks
right now and stop watching the stream
start watching too many cooks because
it's great I can't I can't explain to
girls that might give away stuff
somebody else in the chat has said they
have just downloaded
XCOM and I'm always glad to hear that ha
ha no I knowing that I am the reason
that more people have tried playing act
gum fills it was my heart with happiness
and joy oh you know we get that on on
the YouTube comments and other Twitter a
lot is people telling us how they got
into FTL because yes yeah and man that's
a great feeling
it really is we love that you guys love
we above that game we talked about it
enough yes
yes but you know it's still an indie
game you know like it's still a game
that does not have an advertising budget
so people don't hear about it yeah if we
can help people hear about that game
that's great
this is why we like indie games because
we should like FTL yes ice oh this guy
this guy is my friend forever a little
devil vomit blood friend John kylo wants
to know if we have played Starbound and
I haven't even heard of it I think I
have it I haven't played it yet I have
it in my in my Steam library which one
is that maybe a maybe I forgotten about
it I don't know I know I know somebody
just got me endless dungeon and I
haven't gotten around to trying it yet
that looks kind of neat hey rich someone
wants to know if FTL is is DRM free if
you buy it off of Gog it is you can get
a drm-free copy GOG you can get it yeah
DRM free of Gog and I if you want you
know the Stevens stuff you can get
through Steam it's even available on
iPad and I hear it's pretty good on the
iPad with touch controls okay I cannot
confirm or deny its goodness on the iPad
but I hear it's one of those games that
that really works well on on the iPad
rich Evans gives a big man to touch
controls well you know should I be
surprised you know okay I mean FTL on
the go rich that's the real thing like
who cares about touch controls it's FTL
anywhere right right where I got point
dungeon of the endless people who like
FTL have recommended dungeon of the
endless yeah so we'll see we'll see oh
yeah someone just tweeted that at me
today is this it's like FTL mixed with
90 times defense okay okay looks like
there might be tower defense elements
power III basically yeah you can build
things I know you can build things
so these little green guys shoot you
know vomit kind of these bombs right and
so I could kill them but what I'm hoping
is one of their bombs randomly comes
over here so I can get this pill in the
center cuz I don't have any bombs right
now
so I'm keeping them alive hoping to use
their bombs like you know so I can get
it down to pill that's some amazing
strategy I just yeah this is uh this is
what I want to let people know is these
guys they don't hunt you cuz they they
don't have any heads so they can't see
you
oh and it works my strategy were what
did what did this pill do I don't know I
haven't I haven't gotten to kill yet but
I have the ability to get I'm ready for
the pill so oh bad bill everything down
lockdown
okay it's a lockdown I'm sorry that
wasn't your fault
I'm kind of just going off of your
general like dinner length yeah but it
seems like the ratio of good to bad goes
mostly to bad with these things yes I
feel like it has been for me lately
and playing okay when playing on this or
on my betta I feel like all the pills
have been bad it's it's it's like the
giant spiders event in FTL where there's
there's a slim chance you'll you'll get
a team scrap and a large chance you'll
have a crew member died right so you
don't never do that event never accept
that
the girls are mostly bad then maybe bad
maybe that you know you might be right
there is an item that you can get that
like can help the ratio of pills or it's
like it's it's a doctor's mask and if
you get that you get nothing but good
pills learning the controls this is this
this use item I have is really great
done it slows down all the enemies which
it's very helpful though I'm really
happy with her that all right let's go
fight a boss
not happy that I had to use it before
fighting the boss mm-hmm
there's another room I can there so all
these items if you see there's like a
little green bar next to them and that's
that's how many rooms you need to clear
before recharging
oh okay okay and so you know this this
item is really great because it only
takes those two rooms and and that
includes the room that you use it in
once you use it you know that room
cleared counts so really it only takes
one extra room but I think I can
probably clear Kurt's Pete says Jack how
do you rate this game on a scale of 1 to
Legend of Zelda now that it is now that
it's on my Vita and I can play it while
going to the bathroom I rate it Legend
of Zelda I ready to pump Legend of Zelda
because I can play it on the bat in the
bathroom and closet which is amazing and
you can't do that with Legend of Zelda
I'm a big fan I'm a big fan of this game
and I think rebirth is has done
everything right in the sense of like
keeping the original gameplay but just
shining everything up listen I've been
I've been chugging a little bit I'm like
when a ton of enemies on the screen
there's a little bit of cheong but
overall I'm very I'm very happy with it
ooh here's a new enemy Megaman really
yep I got man ok
here's an update the the Bears game the
score is now 7 to 48 so the main
comeback I'm so sorry
everyone is saying Megamall oh is that
Megan ball
yes are you right and I'm looking at it
now just came up on the screen yes it is
mega moth oh whatever
I'd beat him I got a extra heart
container oh sorry oh it did Mike texts
you that update or or are you watching I
just googled in another window he
googled the score I'm just curious jerk
if it could have gotten into like you
know 16 nothing territory yet yeah the
Bears need a quarterback who's done an
asshole is their quarterback an asshole
what makes their quarterback an ass yeah
I don't know any couple I don't know I
don't know
he's just an asshole not worth it he's
just an asshole ah don't think I'll take
it
overpaid underperforming Oh gotcha
well this so this little monkey paw
thing changes all the all the treasure
chests into red treasure chests you
don't need a key to open and can give
you good stuff but there's also a good
chance that like there's an enemy inside
they can give up that stuff so I think I
want it cuz usually the enemy is just
like a spider okay right only not to
worry about then you have to worry about
teeth exactly that's exactly my thought
and I only have one key laughs but and I
have this crazy badass friendly already
not paying ah yes the Edmund McMillen
the guy who made this game I've been
I've been paying very close attention to
like the development of this game as
it's one of my favorites and did they've
been specifically mentioning that like
some items just will be overpowered you
know okay that's how it is you know some
items will be overpowered and some runs
and just gonna be fucked and that's part
of the the new map that you have to do
and this is one of those items that like
this guy can just destroy everything in
his path of course I you love it when
you get it you know right but it's he's
incredibly on flower
right now I'm okay with because I really
want to live like mantis borders and FTL
and his borders yes yes you get a couple
good mantis borders and you're just like
imagine gonna sail you're gonna sell
through a large chunk of that game
yeah antis borders with we've buffed up
buffed up fighting skills my mind
control belt pairs really well with that
too I played around with that the other
day it was amazing how easy taking down
ships was if you played around with
hacking at all cuz I really want to do
like an all hacking hacking is good
yeah hacking is one of the better
power-ups better better upgrades I guess
never made a powerup in FTL it eats a
drone mind control you can use you know
whatever the cooldowns done yeah real
quick binding of issac except this is
mom's pad which is girls mom's pad
frightens enemies which which means that
they don't chase you they run away not
as good as slowing enemies down so I can
hit at least good which is why I'm
sticking with I don't even know what
this item is I think it's like a cut off
devil's horn or something huh just wanna
let people know why I'm making the
decisions I make in case they're
interested so anyway happy you like it
somebody else is saying a pre ignite
weapon free igniter is the best item in
FTL that depends if you have a bunch of
short cooldown weapons free igniter is
kind of a waste
I'll give you got AB like ion blast 2
and flak flak two's it's it's it's
unnecessary because that shit all has
relatively short cooldowns I can see
that especially especially most of the
ion weapons they fire really rapidly if
you got like a glaive yeah I'm gonna
pretty great usually the more powerful
weapons have a longer ignite time it's
like having that having a pre igniter
with
more powerful weapons could be
devastating smoke sometimes your venn
are off of the series of rapid cooldown
weapons when you are with a big powerful
one somebody's saying Vulcan cannons are
the best weapon I I can't find enough of
them to really have come down firmly on
one side of the other I almost never
find the damn thing still I'm almost at
the last day so I know flak ones are
great too flat ones
oh that's powerful combo flat two flat
ones are good and two laser blasters if
you can find him I like it's always good
whenever you compare two of the same
weapon because you know their cooldowns
are on the exact same timer which
they're always gonna fire at the same
time yes
you're always better off an FTL with
salvos fire everything you have at once
we've got like four different weapons
and the coulombs are all staggered you
know that's that's less ideal then
you're waiting for the longest thing did
charge so you didn't fire everything at
once that makes sense and yes I did
unlock the the crystal race the crystal
Cruiser I've got ever got everything
unlock right now FTL this is why we
either need to bring your computer next
time we do an FTL stream or you need to
get your computer in order so you can
stream yep make sure I don't lose that
goddamn save file
yes backup all of your yeah backup
everything
taking some time gambling try to get
some hearts face the end loss here my
life
when you say n boss you mean the end end
boss are you know I don't know fine you
know what I always this always happens
to me I always lose track like do you
ever find that an FTL where you just
forget like how deep you are in what
sector yeah yeah I do that all the
goddamn time in this where it's just
like all of a sudden I'm facing yeah
being bosses mom and it's like all the
sudden I'm facing mom and I was not
prepared for it lessons of life is
saying FTL uses cloud saving just log
onto the Steam
never trust the cloud never to back up
your own saves be a man and have have
control over your own destiny don't
don't give that away be be a man was
your advice yes Dan
I mean that that's great right that's
fantastic because you're talking about
you know how does properly saved
videogames and your your solution is be
good times right there
damn oh it's great feeling good feeling
good how the hell how the hell do you
beat the game with the ng ship well the
ng ships got an ion which takes down
shields and a drone which continually
fires and ships it's it's not rocket
science the ng ship works a lot better
if you can find me the one augment that
collects use drones after the battle so
you're not you're not wasting as many
drones for battle don't that's not a bad
ship I don't think is a bad ship wait I
just broke up I didn't hear any advice
oh just in general I think she's still
breaking up oh just saying I think the
ng ship is good well somebody says they
don't like it I mean okay anything any
ship where you have to worry about ammo
or how many like how many how many
misses you have or how many drones you
have can be can be problem problematic
yeah it's a lot to keep track of which
is why they I think whoa where'd you go
rich I'm here okay you're bigger yeah I
you dropped off with that which is why I
think I don't remember what my thought
was so alright fair enough
what was the first what was the full
first part of that sentence and I'll be
able to finish it for you we were
talking about the ng ship and I was
saying that I think the ng ship is just
a good chip in general yeah I'm gonna go
it does rely on drums yeah so you gotta
keep it keep an eye on how many drone
parts you have and your inventory you
know if you run out then you're kind of
screwed yeah absolutely it's
it's you know what it is it's a
different kind of game when you're
playing with the engine ship which is
which is why I'm okay with it that's
like it once once you get used to the
normal ship
Angus things up look I'm just
FTL's a great game it's true this is
true about it yeah sometimes you just
got to run with what you can find like
my last run I I just could not find
decent weapons so I was entirely relying
on my my transporters to take down
shifts
but I mean I could not find anything
that was much better than my starting
loadout just horribly frustrating
probably a bad call I used a tarot card
that sends me right to the end boss and
I was feeling really confident I had
like decent health and yeah good
power-ups and so it's like yeah I can do
the end boss now and you know they later
you're getting creamed I'm getting a
little cream not terribly cream but a
little bit cream cream there negative
eight are you gonna be able to start a
new game if you lose your little friend
who shoots the laser beams
I know I don't know whose is Isaac done
for the night that's what I'm saying
I don't know how many we've been going
that's you late you can always play
something else I could you know what I'm
good
if I was a sucker
hahaha I beat him fucking beat him ah
but are you too low on health I have a
full heart so I have two hits so the
answer is maybe nope I've won we can do
this
somebody's calling for more organ trail
yeah that was really fun
oh no it's too soon is it too soon for
other organ drill since the last stream
yeah I mean that was last week's I don't
we have of this we eat when we like
I'm gonna pull some cheap ass maneuvers
over here and just stay on the side of
the spikes good luck good luck I'm gonna
need it
need some hearts need some hearts bad
okay okay one more hit and the runs over
beyond infinite we didn't play the
Oregon Trail we played the organ trail a
very important difference yes
similar but different what happened when
we played the organ trail uh you fuckers
kept dicking around with our ammo that's
that's what happened this could be it
right here edge this could be it right
here
where's Phoenix asking if there's spikes
in this game cuz here the goddamn spikes
got nothing
I got nothing these things come at ya
oh my god I can't believe I did that
I don't even know where I'm going it's
like I should just I should just go to
the net no cuz I have to fight mom next
I need hearts so I'm saying Jack go back
don't die I could say when you were at
those spikes Oh like I could just go
back to the boss room and go to the next
level but I don't have any goddamn
hearts and so it's like I'm not gonna
fight mom on nothing you get hurts from
that shit oh you have no coins I have no
coins and I had no key to get to the
slot machine and I had no bomb to blow
up the slot machine in hopes of getting
hearts and I just died oh we right
before mum yeah I was right before mom
yep yep you know what this game is hard
rest in pepperoni what that's funny oh
yes so many crocodile lion brains oh
Jesus
you gave it your all Jack I did I
absolutely did okay to the breaks we're
gonna definitely take a break and we'll
see whether or not we'll play something
else err oh that's disarming yeah shake
it off shake it off I'm gonna shake it
off take it off
Oh Oh jack well I'm thinking about it
did you see that that Friday the 13th
the game somebody made with us in it I
did I did I thought that was great
that's really the fan made an RL M
version of the Friday 13th game and
apparently it's playable I couldn't get
it to work did you get it to work really
yes we're just fine for me oh okay
obviously they replaced Jason with these
showbiz beats a bear that's right
that's right JJ's character is
permanently lost in the wood
thank you you you literally cannot get
Jai out of it once and and Josh starts
off dead Josh josh is just a corpse Oh
funny but it's too bad yeah yeah you can
you can you can select him though as a
playable character you just can't do
anything it's just lying on the ground
with an accident that's right yeah
there's there's a link to it in the red
letter media forums if you go to red
letter media comm there's a there's a
little forum section you go there
there's a link to it somewhere or Google
later John keel I post a link or
something we we play it but Jack
apparently can't get a drum on his
computer I guess I could give it a try I
tried it once I mean we should
definitely play it okay well okay so I'm
gonna go get another snack and and we're
gonna run a commercial and then we'll be
right back all right

[Part III]
house yeah I really it's it's really
important to me that we beat mom tonight
okay because we've started this don't
shit my don't shit your panted to play
don't shit your pants
how to play that game why am i grandpa
Evans in the forum no your grandpa Evans
yeah though they know it's grandpa Jay
yeah Jay is the grandpa kind of to
grandpa's it's weird
anything it continued he died I guess
technically everybody has to grandpa's
but you know what I mean right
technically everybody who doesn't live
in the South has to grandpa's hey now
hey that's first of all that's funny
secondly hey now hmm oh yeah you know
what I did know I did want to talk about
big hero six I saw big hero six
um and it's good you know anything about
big hero six rich I know it's Marvel
property and it's an animated movie
knowledge but all I know and that's
that's about it it's good but it's not
like it's not like Pixar good you know
mm-hmm where it's it's a really fun
movie and if you were the kind of kid
that like we're really into like robots
growing up you you're gonna you're gonna
flip through your shit right out cuz
it's all about echidnas robot you know
and it's super fun just a boy in his
robot but it's it's light you know like
one of those things you're talking about
earlier where it's like too many
coincidences it's it's one of those kid
movies where like it it misses a couple
logic leaps and if you think about it it
actually upsets you a little bit but but
then it's like adds a kid's movie and
it's fun like if anyone has I put it on
the same level as How to Train Your
Dragon I don't know if you saw that
it's it's on that level words you know
it's pretty good but missing a couple
things you know missing a couple things
or I suppose a couple things we're
adding just to not make it great but I
mean big hero six has some really great
action sequences and of course it's not
a cool robot stuff so yeah I would talk
about it more I don't want to get in too
spoilery stuff I can talk about it more
like next week because this was opening
weekend so I was good at any spoilery
stuff but uh I can talk about it more
next weekend and get into the dive a
little bit deeper into that territory
like specifics of why like what makes a
movie like that a Pixar movie versus
just a regular kids movie you know
mm-hmm but this is definitely on the
side of just a kids movie you know it
teeters it teeters but eventually falls
on that just a kid's movie saying just
because it misses a couple light things
like you know something I can talk about
without getting too into spoilery
territories is it's obviously about
building a superhero team right you know
that just from the trailers but it also
wants to be about a boy in his robot and
so the team comes together really
quickly you know yeah so quick that we
don't really get to know we don't really
get to know much of the team very well
and and so that that whole the whole
like them coming together as a team
feels really tacked on
where it's just like now is the time in
which the team comes together so let's
get the team together you know it's a
little upsetting but that's just one of
those things somebody is saying how do
you not bomb the double bomb it submit
game did you miss something
oh sure well so like you'll see this in
a second right underneath me right now
is two bombs yeah so I could have bombed
right here I've gotten two buses and
gotten two bombs you know what I didn't
do my math right and they're absolutely
right
that's kindergarten man I know no I
didn't you know what I was thinking like
oh I could bomb this but then I just get
a bomb and I'd use it over here so it
doesn't make sense but no I would have
gained about you guys are absolutely
right Jack's the big dumb dummy uh Jack
yes Jack used his crocodile brain
I now regret making those emoticons but
oh yeah that was a big dumb move and I
feel bad about that but listen that was
the break sometimes hi rusty
um man like in a kind of cheat with
these guys but I'm sorry good sometimes
getting the lamest things just to make
sure that I don't lose any hearts it's
fun I know it's fine but it's like this
is the bad part about streaming is like
I would if I was just playing by myself
I would totally you know you just you do
whatever you do to whatever you need to
do to win the game right
but like because I'm streaming like four
people it almost feels like I'm cheating
like playing it safe you know yeah I
know I'm not cheating but it's just like
I am playing it safe
people are getting the action it's like
guess what we want to win this run I
know if I were streaming FTL I would
probably never farm for experience I do
farm you find a ship that really can't
get through your shields and then you
just let people train that their
different stations look let's shield guy
build-up experience you let the pilot
develop experience sure
yeah if you have an ion weapon that
won't destroy the enemy
you just keep firing ions at a blank
spot in their hull just to give you a
gunner experience and then you got
everybody you get a really rank good
gold
oh that's devious I like it
I now have penetrating shots rich Oh
I don't necessarily know what that means
I probably go through people maybe they
don't go through rocks
we'll see you will find some people
let's shoot some people with these
things
Oh lots of coins Hey Dude they go
through people that's great that is
really handy and very powerful lots of
coins over here in a store over there
but I want to keep my key I want to give
them like yeah I need that later okay
just take your word for it okay just
yeah just explaining the strategy you
know
Kizer so and it's like I should I should
use it because I have thee in in the
lower left-hand corner you see that the
thing that's the rusty key mm-hmm that
means I'm more likely to get key drops
that's what that item does and so I
should feel so what I could do you'll
see this in a second okay go back to
this room who know what I should do is
get that soul heart
you rock over definitely so what I could
do is bomb these rocks over here to get
at these coins which I'm going to do get
these coins so now I'm gonna use a key
to get into a store and so I was
debating whether or not I wanted to use
my key to get into a store or save it or
the bonus rooms later but now you have
excessive keys now I have excessive keys
I'm gonna get in this or too much if I
can get if I can get five more sense if
I can get another bomb if I can get
another bomb I can get this ladder item
which very nice alright so sure chip I'm
not talking about the Fantastic Four I
haven't even seen those stupid-ass
movies I have someone oh there there
there's icons see of people that want me
to speak my wisdom on the fantastic four
movies which I haven't seen
oh they're terrible what uh what else do
you need to know more yeah sometimes the
chat just gets in on weird things don't
mean you know just true you know what
you know what they are they're generic
oh fuck now I'm thinking about the
Fantastic Four nothing
yes oh my god I just got a very powerful
item oh my god
I'm very happy with that it's that
stupid tail again
what's a dead do I want a cat head what
does this goddamn tail do alright I
don't let him I gotta look stuff up
people said it gave me invincibility but
I just didn't I don't believe it
that Guppies tail is that what it's
called
wouldn't want a review just talk about
them I haven't seen them they look
stupid
they're very generic like the Roger
they're basically the Roger Corman
versions without the Roger Corman fund
without one of them without the fun of
them being low-budget that's exactly
what they are okay as a one in three
chance to replace a pickup with a chest
or golden chest went ROPS or one in
three chance to replace it with nothing
at all I don't care about that what does
guppies head do you tell me in the chat
they're still talking about fantastic
for guppy transform hype what is that so
it I don't know
we just said guppy transform hype oh
here we go when combined with two other
guppy items Isaac will turn into guppy
and he will also gain the Mulligan
effect and the ability to fly
oh okay so like if there's a cat head in
a cat tail so if I can also get the
guppy paw I turn into guppy I don't know
what that's a good thing or not have you
done it before
then it'll East be interesting okay well
let's do it then
let's do it
Oh somebody's saying there's an other
box behind the statue no no I got that
one already
but thanks okay thank you for looking
out and the child is also saying guppy
is amazing okay great well that will try
it okay I want to go back through and
see if there's another bomb because I
want that ladder right there's another
bomb this guppy head is really nice it
gives me these little these little blue
flies around me okay
jorpe damaged or something they absorb
damage and they attack people so they're
basically like homing missiles okay
which is very helpful all right well
we're just gonna get out of here I don't
get the ladder which sucks okay with
that cuz I have good items and we could
help here we go here we go now
Star Wars seven guppy is amazing that's
a great title rich is not impressed ooh
look at this room this is fun this is
the other thing like they prevent some
of the rooms like this is the weirdest
room just water I can't go in the water
right really need a room you'll see it
you'll see it right now
nope nope you don't see the room with
all the water
it's not water is that okay that
something's just like black empty space
good water okay somewhat more pressin
that's a completely useless room haha
yeah can you show me more useless rooms
nothing but useless rooms it is it's
very it's a it is a 100% useless room
you're absolutely right but it's a
useless room that doesn't exist in the
other games
therefore funny it's fun for me as it's
fun for me as a fan what the fuck just
hit me something something it's actually
one thing
one thing that I don't dig about the
remake is all of these rooms have oh oh
q fuck you fuck you fuck you I I just
floated over an item and so I stopped
shooting the enemy because I picked up a
goddamn item ah you know what I was
gonna say it's something I don't like
about the room is it's full of these
little particle effects and these little
like wiggle worm things and like drippy
stuff to add atmosphere to the room but
it's they're moving items that distract
you you know you see something move and
you immediately started shooting at it
but it's it's just like a background
item nada not an enemy so I'm horribly
sorry
you should be ah
so how old is John Williams is he still
doing the the Star Wars movies yeah he's
doing are they gonna have to find a
replacement by the time the new trilogy
is up
I'm sure he's written stuff down you
know this is what I wanted to sound like
composer for for episode 8 will be Rob
Zombie composing at John Williams score
super falls I'm sorry did you say super
force yes it's gonna be one of the
tracks super force first of all this is
brilliant
second of all have you thought about
composing for the new sellers yes I have
they turned me they turned me down
instantly hilarious
do you want us to get ahold of Rob
Zombie for you
they're just trying to make jokes I like
it you know what I like your jokes and I
like that you're making them like all
these things like all these things okay
act flies Guppies head for the wind by
the way these attack flies yell they uh
they're the bee's knees
I say that and then I get hit by some
shit Emma okay okay not feeling that
terribly optimistic here you know what
pocket Bronco I made the wrong call or
the right call I don't know I I decided
to use my I did that already I decided
to use my key on a on a treasure chest
and it didn't give me a heart or
anything I'm sorry I'm so sorry again
as you should be let's just say yes I
have 400 of the Fallen okay we can deal
with this that's all that's a lot of
flies yeah
get it I did it oh I got an achievement
oh my god
oh I'm copy I got it I got a guppy item
I'm a cat now rich you're a cat oh my
god rich I'm a cat
is it amazing is it as amazing as they
say um it's kind of amazing I think I
can float now okay super amazing this is
this is a like a really important thing
with this game is these sometimes you
get this is why I wanted that ladder so
bad it's so you can float over items
right and so now I can move wherever I
want on the field okay and the enemies
are still bounded what makes it super
great is there are some items that you
just can't reach unless you have unless
you have this so now I can go get this
black heart for example oh yes this is
great now I could get that key now I can
get that bomb and everything's great
we are now on track for the Macon's so
now I have a decision to make I have a
tactical decision to make rich okay help
me out of my tactic of the same I don't
know if I can help you with a binding of
issac tactical decision but well I'll
lay it out for you okay so I have a
decent amount of money 16 cents is a
decent amount of money yes and I have
one pea yeah do I and I need some hearts
right now like I'm I'm down some hearts
so doing right unlock the store
to see if there's some stuff in there
yeah do i unlock the chest to see if
there's some stuff in there or do I save
the key for the next level which will
have a room that will give me another
superpower or that I need the key to
open how likely are you to get hearts in
the storm um kind of likely there also
could just be like a bad guy in there
but I'm kind of likely you know there
could be hearts in there sure I really
okay that sounds fine to me okay I think
I might choice would be storm but I
don't know if I'm the person to to make
this decision you know I did it oh very
interesting decision here rich Oh Oh
like I won't be any help at all but now
go ahead well well no we talked about
this earlier okay so I can either buy a
soul heart which you know is just two
extra hits which would be great yeah or
I could buy a PhD which is that thing
where all the pills will be good pills
PhD I think that's the correct decision
is now I'm a cat with a little doctor's
mask and so that is adorable
so basically adorable things are
happening and
all right let's move on now okay now now
we got a run rich now we got a run now
I'm feeling comfortable but I shouldn't
feel comfortable I should be on edge
need to be on edge always prepared
always prepared for what's around the
corner all right
nice all right we already got another
key so going to the store was the smart
call rich look I'm glad I made that call
yep made absolutely the right call
I'm just watching this thinking what the
fuck is going on that's fine that's fine
I'm a floating cat surrounded by flies
with a doctor's mask on what do you mean
you're confused I don't see flies did
you loose flies yeah oh yeah cuz they
attack things you know for me they're
they're homing pedals okay okay
oh okay I'm on the way I just oh that's
right that's right so also right now I
have an army of flies around me you have
an army of flies and you have a
high-powered weaponry yep yeah that's
all everything's coming up millhouse yes
on this run that everything's coming up
millhouse where it's like oh my god and
I just got a golden key which means I
can unlock any door on this level with
no without losing any keys Oh would have
been a complete waste to save that key
then absolutely okay also check this out
always listen to rich Oh rich you are a
tactical genius even when you have no
idea what's going on also like is this
this these flies are a little slower
than I am so do you see how they're kind
of like they're like following yeah yeah
love that look at this this is me
there's like a billion of them yeah yeah
I'm gonna fuck some shit up whatever is
in this next room is gonna get fucked up
ready kind of weak enemies but that's
okay it got fucked up I got locked okay
all right let's continue to fuck shit up
Oh
fucking shit up
all right and yeah look at him fly look
at him fly
turn up your goddamn mouth nice okay
gotta pay attention gotta pay attention
I'm in full I'm in full-blown defeat
Mountain mode so rich you're gonna have
to you're gonna have to carry the
conversation here what do you want to
talk about mine
nothing absolutely nothing is on my mind
all right right now I'm thinking I'd
kind of like to be playing FTL yeah yeah
yeah I've been icing up deal
Wow well this is this is cool - that's
just nice in general when you're playing
it - by the way I said yeah yeah I got a
try I know somebody sent me that save
file with the Vulcan cannon so I haven't
tried that yet but stola it's still
sitting in my mailbox
yeah I sent that to you right yeah yeah
you did I just haven't gotten around to
it okay I still want to find a good FTL
editor cuz like I said I've unlocked
everything and I'm at the point where I
want to play around with mods yeah
that's great that is great oh my god I
have this is this is an insect seed by
the way we need to
yeah it's pause it for a second here's
this I don't know learn in succeed even
is so well right now I have the fly
thing right what does that do
so the fly thing you know gives me all
the flies right nope yeah can you hear
me well I can't I can't hear what what
but why you started to cut out okay what
does it's so the you know I have all the
flies around me right yeah and then now
I just got a spider buddy which spawns
these little attack spiders and so I
wanted to pause and give everyone the
seed I'm playing on now 0r2 to na k7
okay great
so go ahead you've got a you've got a
bug army I have a bug army that's just a
tax shit for me right now which is great
because then I can I can just
concentrate on dodging you know huh and
because I have the floating mabh op I
can float over all of these spikes which
would normally hurt me and everything is
great and wonderful and here
how do I feel about the crystal ships in
FTL compared to how crazy hard they are
to unlock well I mean it's just the
status thing to have them the most
overpowered ship in the game might be
mantis B that's the one that's it's a
mentorship that's got a four-person
transporter oh yeah and you can you can
fuck some shit up with that the Kestrel
itself actually isn't a bad starting
ship just the one the one they give you
the one you start the game with because
that burst laser - is really nice and
that's that's that's like an endgame
weapon you start off with it you pair
that up with something good you're good
to go of all the questions to answer FTL
again oh yeah I don't give a shit about
the fucking daredevil movie so you know
ask me about something I might care
about no first of all it's the daredevil
TV show or are they talking about the
Ben Affleck daredevil movie I just
assumed they're talking about the Ben
Affleck daredevil movie why are you talk
I didn't pop the Ben Affleck daredevil
movie okay I didn't even know there's
gonna be a TV show there's gonna be a TV
show yeah that's part of um the first I
heard about it oh okay that that's part
of that's part of the next wave okay
good good for them I don't know other
shrek businesses but I'm highly
suspicious about that I don't know what
you sure yeah yeah it's coming up a lot
and I'm not going to answer it that's a
good call
I want this thing because I think this
red star makes me more powerful but I
only have three heart containers you
like Hellboy you know I have problems
with Hellboy rich do you remember a
Hellboy yeah
yeah okay gives you three black hearts
really until the poisons a ton of damage
I'll boys a fine visual yeah I really
enjoyed the Hellboy comics he's got that
crazy arm
rich yeah do I give up one break never
yeah permanently gone a hard container
but I get three black hearts no no no my
carts are temporary
it hurts forever all right you got it
I'm with you on the lemon party what the
lemon party oh right
okay all right
good strategy yeah you know what I don't
think that Guillermo del Toro can direct
action I don't think that is his strong
point I think he he is a he's brilliant
at bringing like his strange of visual
visions to life he's great at that but
he that man cannot direct action and
Hellboy needs some good action it kind
of fails it's it's been so long since
I've seen Hellboy I can't I can't really
get specific about how I feel about it I
know I saw it I was like okay here's a
new enemy mega fatty he farts and
diarrhea's and vomits on you
and I meet him oh and I get an HP up
extra heart container oh my god
everything's everything's great rich we
are defeating mama on this run I say
that and now I'm probably gonna lose but
I don't give a fuck I'm so excited
yeah I'm playing a part
good good Pacific Rim does not fail it's
you know Pacific Rim is fine but you
know it's not it's not it's not great
and the action scenes are you know fine
everything's fine about it Pacific
Pacific Rim is not like oh my god I have
never seen this enemy before there is it
that's exciting
oh my god there's like a freaky devil in
this room Jesus Christ
that was scary as fuck when was it
decided that I know everything and have
a super strong opinion about every comic
book movie ever made
when did that happen I don't know well
you know your comic book guy so I think
they just yeah I'm a lapsed comic book
guy for the most part that's true that's
the other thing that do you talk about a
lot is not you know being into newer
comics in a while yeah yeah I think it's
just one of those general newer things
where like you're a nerd talk about nerd
things you like nerd things don't you
what about what about Star Trek what
about Star Trek watching some stuff on
YouTube and I watched something about
Jeffrey hunter okay actor and do you
ever see the Star Trek pilot the cage
no no this was the he was the captain in
the Star Trek pilot it wasn't it wasn't
it wasn't shatter and
happened was they wanted him for the
party but his wife came in and said
Jeffrey hunter is a movie star not a
television star and she basically turned
down the role for him
yeah his career went down the toilet and
he died a few years later after
complications from an injury he made
making a low-budget Spanish movie and
hopefully divorcing his wife but yeah
yeah that's right yet he was he was
Christopher Pike and I've always
wondered what Star Trek would have been
like if Jeffrey hunter didn't turn down
that part sure because he wasn't he
wasn't a slap a hand like like Shatner
is you know he was like a real actor
yeah yeah and I always wondered how Star
Trek would have turned out differently
with him with him at the helm and in the
the classic original Trek series you
know I wonder if it would have them if
it would have hurt him because you know
the Shatner was a slab of ham but but
he's which by the way I'm using that
from now on whenever I describe a really
cheesy accident that was great while he
was it was also you know because of the
budget the show had a bit of a cheesy
feel to it so it fit you know uh-huh and
so with a serious actor being surrounded
by cheese would that hurt it that's
that's an interesting point but I would
still love to see and like an alternate
universe where things went down
differently sure where where would Star
Trek be now not only how would the
original series have been different but
everything that came after how would
that be different when you still have
had the next-gen sure yeah so that's
that's my nerd thought you know they
talk about nerdy things yeah yeah
you want me to talk about a nerdy thing
he's your nerdy thing an obscure pilot
from Star Trek have all the nerd you can
handle it's not that obscure I've got a
shock you aren't familiar with it you
know what I was never really into
original Trek okay okay
mostly because of Shatner you know
mm-hmm and you know it's just it it was
it was right it was always riding that
line for me between cheesy and and like
good sci-fi where it to me it didn't hit
its stride until next gen obviously I
like next gen more but I still like you
know classic truck spots toxic braids
frickin character Kirk is fun
despite William Shatner being a slab of
ham but Hart is just such a great
protagonist this old man who values
diplomacy right that's that's so
refreshing yes yes it is I do I was just
checking here if I take the bomb buddy
which is just basically a reusable bomb
a large bomb I take at even though I get
rid of my cat head well the cat head is
the thing that gives me all the flies
and so there's no way I'm giving that no
no that would be dumb yes cuz I have an
army of flies right now yes and that is
hella powerful so I just said hello well
you can switch that out right what the
bomb and the cat head you can switch
that out it will yeah yeah absolutely
all right you can take the bomb head and
just blow up everything
ladies level so you can get it all the
stuff oh hey yeah I could do that it
doesn't
doesn't just buy a bomb um you only get
one you know like and then you have to
clear out rooms to get it
and so I'd rather clear out rooms and
get more flies in my fly army okay okay
is right like as of right now I just
have this massive fly army and that will
destroy anything that I get in here and
I'd much rather have that been you know
just like the ability to bomb something
well even even for one level you know
like what level is two flies will they
follow you between levels - yeah yeah
that's the great thing about is like
biggy they go from room to room and
level the level
that was a really neat room that just
happened is uh those like there's like
all these floating skull heads that you
can't hit but they can hurt you and so
you have to find the things that you can
kill in the level and once you kill the
things you can't kill they all die okay
me that's a neat little enemy edition I
will have stit
I am really out of my depth here Jack
that's okay that's a carriage that seems
like a neat thing it's a nice you know
what it is it's a nice challenge praise
Shatner for red letter media existence
no well I guess generations the
generations review you can blame them
for Plinkett reviews existence I guess
and therefore red letter media
existences Oh possibly possibly yeah
possibly
I think that movie would have been a
turd without shatner this is what I
guess this is the all part of the thing
right or like we're in an alternate
universe mm-hm
so you know that movie was a turd for
that movie was a turn for a lot a turd
for a lot more than just Shatner you
know yeah but with that movie have been
made under in this alternate universe
with Jeffrey hunter yeah you know you
might not even have gotten there these
are all the questions
or anyone curious I don't have a map
this one that's that's one of the
downsides to this one is I don't have a
map I can reference and so I'm basically
just blindly going through all the rooms
to make sure I got all the shit I want
you do that you do that thing you do
that thing you're doing Jack I'm doing
it you're doing it fine you're doing a
fine job of that thing you're doing I'm
doing and I'm telling you all this I'm
doing all right I think I got everything
let's go go to that bad guy I don't
think this is mom yet but if it is if it
is mom we're prepared for and if it's
not mom we're prepared for anything else
that comes rich talk about that DC thing
with the 52 whatever I I don't even know
what the fuck DC's doing with their 52 s
their new 52 s their final prices
they're their ultimate final crisis's
they're truly this is the actual final
crisis final crisis and and it's time to
reboot our universe again because it's
been six months beyond comprehension
cuz it's beyond comprehension oh my god
I'm just shooting twice big being a DC
fan has to be frustrating all right am I
wrong about that I you know I'm it's
hard for me to say just cuz I've never
been a DC fan mm-hmm
but I can only imagine that yes it's big
it has to be incredibly difficult to be
a DC fan but and I think you can just
say that about anything you know like
with all the Marvel reboots with all
with just being any comic book character
as soon as another artists get to take
on the book it's not the book you fell
in love with yep you know so yeah it's
it's hard it's hard to be a fan of
anything nowadays it's cuz they're gonna
take it and take it do something
different with it
nothing you can do about it being a fan
oh wait okay here it is last level last
level I don't think I got a mom right
away no okay so once I get to this enemy
its mom okay so they're gonna continue
playing it smart playing it cool we are
gonna continue keep it on keep it on I'm
good so far there might be some times in
which Jack does not say anything that's
because he's concentrating Jack also
talks in the third person sometimes
these are just things that happen things
that you're just gonna have to deal with
it's the game even particularly
challenging at this point Jack oh it is
it is big what you know like obviously
right now I have a huge advantage I have
incredible shot speed and power in all
of my shots and I have this army of
insects but you could still the the
biggest thing right now as far as did I
just do
I took a pillow and it gave me hearts
but I lost my hearts I don't know what's
with that oh did I get another heart
container but I love oh okay I get it
think I don't I don't know it doesn't
matter what happened I know I I have no
idea what happened this is what I'm
saying I took a pill that gave me hearts
but then all of a sudden I didn't have
all of my heart containers full and I
thought I had them all fall before him
so that pill made you drop all your
hearts what is that what that pill does
it's a fucked up pill I thought you
could only get positive pills I thought
so too that's why I took it it doesn't
matter like doing good enough where it
doesn't matter and I just found another
heart so say you're full again I'm full
again but that was just very strange
yeah why would you want it why would you
want to know well doesn't matter I know
they think we're okay alright it doesn't
matter what are we talking about being a
fan of anything something something
something fans something something fan
DC fan fuck you over eventually a fan
yeah that's any fan doesn't pay to be a
fan of things it doesn't
you know or as a fan you need to learn
to just like the one thing that you like
where you like okay I like kind of think
of something okay like like Batman like
like anything right like yeah Batman the
Animated Series is a fantastic Batman
that's my Batman as far as I'm concerned
yeah and I just need to make sure that
when another Batman comes up I don't
fret if it's not my Batman you know
right because it might not be my Batman
spider-man isn't my spider-man anymore
that's true apparently apparently I'm
grandpa rich now okay that's another
fine example
no that's fighter man is not not my
spider-man stupid Andrew Garfield you're
you're all gonna get old to channel
that's gonna happen
damn right oh well one day you're gonna
hear about your friends kid is is going
into high school and you're gonna like
what the fuck yep yep and there's
nothing you can do about it and that's
okay you wasted those one things what
this is a little worm guys and we're
running around now you killed whatever
it was really quick they died so fast
anyone see what it was oh yeah yeah no I
I am incredibly incredibly overpowered
what is this BFF people have any kind of
be able donate at the o2 oh that's right
I can donate at the store that's right
oh I can and the machine broke
when I write right is there a single
person that says this Superman is his it
BFF and I okay I don't know what that
does but I did it
I can't donate anymore I broke it is
there another donate ah no I don't think
so if you if you donate enough money to
these machines in the store it like
upgrades the store okay and I've had but
I found a dollar so I've had a bunch of
money and I forgot to donate last door
okay go back a flash store no no cuz
that son you can't go you can't go back
in the world oh okay it was another
world okay what does this BFF thing do
you know what it doesn't matter as long
as you don't lose your flies I'm les
it's time to get rid of that because
reasons I don't know no I got my flies
they don't like I can I can only respond
them after I do well it did lose I lost
a half a heart but there's another world
over he had plenty of bombs but I should
save those bombs from take the bombs
from one machine blow that up upgrades
followers oh great
oh my god so BFF makes my followers more
deadly and I have a ton of followers
Oh God rich berry berry Opie run which
is great because I wanted to win the set
okay
okay like I wish is happening flying
seems like the bomb flying is really
where it's at
there's a lot of times like items will
drop in the middle of a room and then
you know to get them is the big old pain
in the ass unless you can fly so yeah
flying is really where here's here's my
question
okay if you're so overpowered yeah why
is Isaac still crying he hasn't fallen
yet that's a legitimate question god
damn it and I demand an answer that is a
legitimate question it's because he's
still running from his mother okay it's
a real answer to that oh my god oh oh my
god I have so many fucking flies love it
I love it I love it okay here we go
we're gonna go fight mom we have full
hearts we have an army of helpers
and go fight moment a catch-22
yeah tears of joy that makes sense or
I'm doubtful sad tears of joy are you
ready already
no I needed at least five more minutes
oh I'm sorry we're going oh no what
we're doomed now because you weren't
ready yeah oh my god that was possibly
the fastest I've ever been
this was the out of the line for Isaac
his mother was supposed to good run see
wrong yeah is it anything else no it so
I mean there's more now intervened
sending an angel down the cutoff a
disaster down to his mother's hand and
just like that here in a second it was
over okay
you know a cartoon yeah we did it we did
it that's great
so now that I've eaten mine when I play
again that there are now two levels
after me where you go into mom's uterus
okay and then you have to defeat mom's
heart oh my god this is a fancy cut
scene isn't it yeah it was pure instance
guys we did it it is pure instance yeah
that's the uterus yeah yeah oh yeah it's
just called the womb and so yeah now if
I play there's two extra money you still
have to beat mom like I just did and
then after you be mom you go into the
womb and have to face one two levels and
then defeat mom's heart okay so that's
great it's all good fun and now I look
now my save file has a little cute
little drawing of Isaac with a defeated
mom which is great it's just super cute
yeah and then you can see one finger
game you can see all your stats you can
see all of like the stuff you found
which is great you see how the items
something I saw someone asked if each of
right now like you can just see pictures
of all the items that you have and so of
course you know the goal is to get
randomly get every single item in the
game and there are hundreds someone
asked a good question which is why can't
you we see the stats of the item
this menu that would be really fun with
the stats view but anyway ah that felt
good it felt good ending the stream on a
win by the way were ending the stream
because did you cut the mic that
would've been a good spot to cut the mic
I didn't cut the mic because because I
didn't oh okay that would have been that
would have been a really good place to
cut back I kind of regret not doing that
but those chits I missed my chance but
you know now they get to hear you be
really smart maybe really down which I
think they'll appreciate more
let me just cutting out the mic right it
says zero mom kills because I have not
technically defeated mom I have to
defeat her heart when I play again
Majora's Mask what teaches you lessons
of life sure never played majora that
was that's a game that I'd like to we
play I guess that was the one I had the
really superficial reason for not
playing it that's right because you
don't like my link works right I hate
Kid link its model another than ten to
64 games that's really funny
mm-hmm yes fine that's a finery you know
like if you don't like how a game looks
you shouldn't play it I think that's
fine
I think that's a fine criticism don't
you think or no

[Part IV]
back would you have shot first yeah I
would have shot first what are we
talking about what do we tell you what
are we talking about
all right Olin we're gonna get um we are
gonna get this going here there it is
let's see if we can get this working I'm
just gonna keep this like binding of
issac background music working going how
do we do it enter escape nope
okay guys how do I make it work
Oh
begin the nightmare yes cryptic hold on
it needs outdated stream if now we're
playing Friday to birthday dick this is
a fan-made Oland I mean bird you're
playing
we are playing a fan made game a fan
made game
someone made playing drove course oh oh
that's funny
Oh hold on I'm actually doing stuff in
binding of issac so we need to quit
binding of issac so we no longer get we
no longer get the cool binding of issac
music but same pad works great and rich
is not back yet I don't know where
riches riches is getting some dinner
apparently okay so here we go this is a
fan-made game Jay this is great
celebrating riches birthday by the lake
that's right Jay what a wonderful day to
be alive nothing can spoil today that's
a pretty terrible rich Evans impression
but oh wait rich comes back so he can
read it for us it'll be great
it'll be great I'll get that air off the
screen cuz that's gotta be annoying
Rach are you back yet
which is yeah okay well what a wonderful
time to be alive nothing can spoil today
should I be reading my lines well you
were god I didn't know when your kind of
bag I know rich this is hilarious yeah
it's cute
this is hilarious okay well you can read
this line I'm done shooting my fool hold
on I'll do it
oh my god well I know oh my god okay who
lost it but oh no Showbiz Pizza berries
eating children I must stop it using
lessons of life an instance lion brain
oh my god this is terrible
this is ter I mean this is great this is
hilarious this is a fan-made game
someone made after our our nes horror
game where we are playing as rich Evans
and the Showbiz Pizza oh my god I can
shoot this is awesome
so I'm playing as rich now rich do you
know how to like change characters use
there's a button you could switch them
at any time
I don't know you don't know oh well I
don't remember we use the controller all
right yeah all the buttons and see what
happens oh you're gonna have the
pitchfork already yeah oh look at this
look at this fun there's the pitchfork
comes out backwards here can I uh I'm
gonna try I'm gonna try using this
newfangled thing called the keyboard
but you can do it in the map menu I
think Jack in the map menu yeah oh
pretty sure that's here we go
okay so here's rich okay I get it here's
me looking a little pixel me that's
really funny so where is it where are
they in trouble does it say well rich as
the pitchfork so we should be raged
actually I'm throwing it backwards
that's funny yeah is that funny grab
your crucifix this game needs sound I
know I know like whoever made this thank
you this is hilarious let's make this
let's make this a thing did anyway did
everyone get the download link to play
their very own red letter media
adventure I want to be me oh of course
you guys gave me the pink shirt thanks a
lot jerks
oh man this is hilarious and like my
love glasses as long as Jack's gonna be
playing as me I'm gonna be backseat
gaming that plane is Jack he can do
whatever the fuck he wants oh my god I'm
getting oh wait oh the children are in
danger yeah that's one eat whatever he
gets to the end of the crucifix thing
the one - yeah yeah okay then children
are in danger at the end of that and
then you have to go on fight show miss
beat summer all right rich you're pretty
close so you're gonna go and fight the
Showbiz Pizza bear okay fucking ash yeah
well you have the pitchfork so you can
kick his ass the pitchfork is badass
oh you moved pretty slow though oh
that's really funny your character moves
slower than I do
mm-hmm that is funny come on go go go am
I getting closer
Oh 38 seconds 35 seconds oh my god you
can run out of pitchforks mm-hmm oh no
I've made a terrible mistake
you kill me jack I'm gonna be pissed
I would be pissed if I killed me too
but we're gonna do this we just need a
better weapon come on oh no my going
away from the children now don't know
I'm failing rich we're gonna lose looks
good looks like you're playing as Mike
all that is your problem oh I changed
character somehow oh that's I changed
characters like in menu how did I do
that I don't know you know what I don't
know what I'm doing but we lost the
children well the children I'll go back
all right
look at Jay no no oh yeah Jays
permanently lost in the woods right yeah
yes the same screen over and over yep
they're in this dream Jay got lost in
the woods and so they made this good oh
he can't he can't even go anywhere
whoever made this deserves a medal this
is hilarious
okay well let's uh let's see what Josh
is up to Oh Josh is dead Josh can't move
in here okay Jessi oh oh it just sees in
her bumblebee costume oh and she can
super-jump look at that I can Jessi's
super jump why is that her power you
should know that in games the girls can
jump is that a thing ever since Mario
two girls jump good ever since Mario two
girls jump that is not a thing you are
making you are making stuff up play play
the Lego games yeah oh well the girl
characters jump higher okay I believe
you
B four better lock your door oh my god
this is brilliant this is brilliant you
guys where is right can i where am i
what's going on okay you zoom up
I'm just I'm just Jessi and we're just
oh okay I was hidden behind another
character I actually I think I want to
go this way five six grab your crucifix
I just so you know Jack yeah first time
I played this yeah I beat no pressure so
no pressure no pressure no pressure at
all oh oh I get it there's a oh I have
limited ammunition okay I'm seeing it
now I'm seeing it now Jessi should have
moved like she moved in co-op up nine
ten better sleep bud can never sleep
again okay where are you are you jerk
okay kids are in danger of course
furthest away from anyone okay Mike's
gonna go get him my cousin Mike has a
knife I'm moving the right way yeah Oh
heart I got a heart Oh Mike why does
Mike get a lot this might get a heart
with everyone he kills uh is Mike an
overpowered character they all have
different attributes I don't remember so
far everyone I kill with Mike I get
something so he might have like
increased bond drops or something errors
here oh my god I think I keep looking at
the map to make sure I'm going the right
way because I'm not terribly sure how
okay here we go
okay I'm gonna fight I'm gonna fight him
oh god he's right here ah
Oh get back in there you jerk oh I think
I hit a kid with my knife
I definitely hit a kid with my knife
that's fine they're fine everything's
fine
oh we got a what the fuck I'm there sigh
able man ninety-two thank you for
subscribing right now oh I beat did I
beat him did I win
nope I ran away it takes several he gets
harder the children say you saved us yay
thank you big English man yeah they said
big English man the big English man oh
my god by the way I think right now we
are we are the top streamer we have a
top streamer for Friday the birthday
dick and by the way yes this does feel
this seems like it's much easier than
the original game somebody made its oh
that's right Junior that's great lost in
the woods it this is super great josh is
dead he's lost in the woods
alright let's let's be Mike again and
see if I can build up his health elope
where's the pizza there oh my man 92 if
you sent us that movie I can make no
guarantees that it would be featured on
best of the worst but sending us a movie
it does what it would give you a the
movie at least a chance to be watched
we would make that call before we film
an episode what do you want to watch I
don't know let's see what we got that's
all worth yeah yeah and you know we try
to of course we try to theme episodes so
you know they all make sense together
you Jessi's got a pitchfork any are you
okay
Annie are you okay you okay Annie you've
been hit by you've been struck by a
smooth criminal
Duke I'm a pretty good singer you don't
need to worry about it we watch Bible
man I think I think everybody knows what
Bible man is though yeah I mean I mean
you know I mean would it be worth doing
cuz it's it's a known entity yeah and I
don't know if it's bad enough you know
like it's cheesy yeah yeah the question
is is it bad you know and I don't know
maybe now I have smooth criminal' stuck
on my head and we're gonna get a
copyright notice because I'm just that
good a singer okay all right
showbiz is about to spawn I have all of
my guys strategically placed around
Crystal Lake Camp map that's some
strategy Jack I'm prepared I plot I
applaud that yeah I'm prepared I'm ready
to go
Jessi's jumping and where are you gonna
show up where you gonna show up show biz
you ain't got shit show biz children are
in danger oh man and they were right
here and Jessi has the goddamn oh yeah
Jessi has the pitchfork which shoots
backwards but that's fine fine
everything's fine come on show biz you
ain't got nothing you ain't oh you're
gonna throw an ax I got it I got a
pitchfork
I got a pitchfork that means you ain't
got nothing this is adorable this is the
greatest thing in the history of mankind
this is good this is an achievement that
rivals landing on the moon
you got slightly too far I've gone
slightly too far but right now what I
can say is Jessi just destroyed the
Showbiz Pizza bear with a pitchfork
which is not a thing that you can say
normally Oh God you saved us yay thank
you farting bee
you know who needs to play this Jessi I
think I see what the real yeah it's okay
Jay needs some better ona I keep
forgetting that Jay is stuck in that in
the yards just that okay Jessi needs
something better weapons now yeah like
you know I keep going through all my
guys being like oh you know we should
build up weapons and build up health
yeah yeah but you know it's like Oh J
doesn't have any good weapons oh he's
stuck in the woods
he's relegated to Easter Egg really I
love it I love it
attention to detail right it's one of
those things he's got a knife can I fool
Duke come here big red guy I think you
give better drops all right well you're
dead no knife drop this is actually
difficult while you're waiting for
Freddy this is a nice person switch to
switch to Jay while you're waiting
oh oh I didn't even think about that I
mean kind of cheap but effective hey you
do what you're gonna do you got to win
you gotta win already be I missed that
joke oh hey Mike has a knife I hope he
shows up near you rich if you have a
pitchfork I did beat him with me then
that was exciting you have a pitchfork I
have an axe Jessi and Mike have knives
so I'm pretty happy with that but if he
if he goes to you and then where we are
said where are you oh there they are
okay oh so I'm hoping he goes up there
but yeah I'm just gonna just gonna have
junior run around in the woods I do
wonder if there's like if there is an
end to the woods somewhere that would be
funny well somebody said you can't use J
cuz the timer stops Oh
devilish yeah yeah he thought of that
you did that's which I gotta give him
props all right well then we are gonna
work on getting Jessi a better weapon
and that's good but if I can get more
pitchforks come in that red guy
oh good yeah
even more knives just more ammunition
yeah mono oh my god this is a good way
to do it Oh axe axe
perfect okay Jessi's got an axe both
children are in danger over there
Oh Mike with the knife
Mike's closest but he only has a knife
I'm gonna do it okay all right come on
Mike you can do it
think of the children Mike sorry Mike
gets insane drops actually just gonna
hang outside that oh oh fuck I went to
the wrong house oh fuck
god damn it no time for hearts only
better weapons we need better weapons
Mike over powered it doesn't jump that
high I think that's supposed to be the
balance but he's sure Oh ex ex ex max
he's still got a lot of drops yeah he's
got great drop and Showbiz Pizza Bear
has it as oh I thought that was a
chainsaw
it's an axe get back in there Mike you
dink oh he's got a machete that's what
he's got
oh he's got him a shetty and a throwing
axe
fuck you showbiz shit oh my gosh issue
of is yeah
yeah you ain't got shit I'm missing I'm
missing oh god Mike is almost dead I
don't I know you're ahead of me here ah
Mike's not doing terribly well but I
think I think he's gonna be Children's
well Oh No
I just lost all of my it's lost all of
my axes how many wasted jobs that's okay
we're gonna ship stones yeah yeah we're
gonna check chip damage out here Oh show
this piece of I says no I am dead and
rich says the Showbiz Pizza Bear is dead
and we saved the poor children and Jack
says what a wonderful Jimmy of a jam
what a wonderful finish and birthday was
mm-hmm and Michael's laughs right jack
Andy who has anybody seen Jake guys guys
what screwing around guys oh no the
Showbiz Pizza fires are gonna get Jay in
the woods it's just a like Oh and a
jump-scare
excellent excellent game and yes a fan
did make this game yes do we have a
witch what was his name damn because I
don't remember no he was on the forum he
posted it there but I don't remember his
name and he should get credit damn it
yeah I don't I don't know I'm not in the
forum I downloaded it here someone
someone find out who made this go to the
forum and tell us who made this because
that was great that was super fantastic
who made that game goddammit headed to
the forum right now Johnny Law says it
was hello Darren mm hello Darren mm
thank you very much we're flattered that
was super fantastic that was really fun
by the way how like we just played that
game like a week and a half ago I know
he put that together fast how fast are
you that was intense that's been up on
the forum for like a week Bryan almost
right I think it has been way out last I
don't know if I want to play outlast his
name is stocky stalker s'en that's funny
now that was great
that was super oh is that no no that was
an allegory Oh
download it from the link in our forum
if you want to get that yeah yeah anyone
can play that that was really fun it's
got a thread in the red letter media
miscellaneous form hmm the time we got
11 o'clock
yep fuck you I really
