Nov 2, 2014
Super Time Force, Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine, Organ Trail 
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/44873315, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCCd7qbrCRg
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/44870867, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-gjqbZojig
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/44855805, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDX4oSUteSI
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/44855393, twitch.tv/videos/44808503, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WuzKE7VETQ
"Tonight 8:15pmCDT Hack & a Half... Jack will revisit Super Time Force then Jack & Rich will multiplayer some Monaco." (archive.vn/58MF8)
"Daylight Saving SUPER time FORCE - Hack & a Half (Featuring Rich Evans)" (archive.vn/9JJ3i)
"Monaco  - Hack & a Half (Featuring Rich Evans)" (archive.vn/EAnv7)
"Organ Trail  - Hack & a Half (Featuring Rich Evans)" (archive.vn/JNGzA)

[Part I]
so it's quite possible that we're
streaming but also possible that we're
not at all these are the two options
that we are streaming or not streaming
Schrodinger stream you're doing what
Schrodinger stream yes we our stream
exists in a realm where it's neither
streaming nor not streaming we won't
know till it's observed exactly yes I
think it's working
I see nothing going on in the streamer
my is offline for me you might have to
refresh mine is going my mine is going
so you might want to refresh yours cuz I
think we're streaming fiction it no this
is not pictionary guys this is my new
just wait yell animation that I made
this afternoon which I'm very excited
about wait to see this rich it's very
exciting it's loading video oh great
here's what sorry I my I guess we're
echo going on because I can hear these
stream audio and I'm turning that off
now oh good okay okay good good turn
that off now it's not time for that so
he actually did pictionary just wait
y'all screens I did I did a a an MS pain
- just wait y'all screen and yeah you're
seeing what it is now I just wanted to
show off a little bit of my mad drawing
skills rich and I'm very excited about
it and that's all
it's just a stupid little loop and I
love it uh so anyway hi everybody
welcome to the sunday night hack and a
half stream extravaganza so are you
starting with a super time force I want
to start with super time force yes okay
okay the cool you know and it's I don't
have to a super time force was was a
game that I would like to revisit
because last time I played it I I was a
little I was drinking and I was a little
ornery and it wasn't a game of my flavor
and everyone kept on saying I needed to
give it another chance of real chance
and so because today is daylight saving
time I thought it would be a fun pun to
do super time force daylight savings
super time force also we don't have to
we could just play Monaco and I could
end with super time force whatever you
wonder do you want to do it's fine the
question for you rich is do you feel how
late do you feel like going cuz you know
we could just we could start with Monaco
than if you want to drop off later I
know you've been working all day you
know what you you you didn't like super
time for us last time but you're playing
it pretty late maybe you should start
with it this time okay just to give it
the best possible chance to work for you
sure sure
daylight saving was a week ago no
daylight saving was yesterday
daylight saving was yesterday or this
morning it was at 2:00 o'clock this
morning today is the start or the today
is the end of daylight saving at least
it was here you know I mean it might be
different elsewhere I don't know I don't
know things worse other places in the
world even do that ridiculous daylight
savings business I think it's only
America and like a few American colonies
okay so not in Europe silly Americans I
know I'm sorry look there's people those
people here who think it's a dumb idea
there are petitions
and daylight savings and I'm all for it
I agree I I don't understand the point
of daylight saving it's not there's no
there's no ass daylight saving it's not
in you to say savings because I don't
give a fuck
the touchet my friend
the other thing hopefully everyone in
the chat is noticing is rich and I had a
out of professionalism and actually
tested out our Skype call and our audio
before we started streaming so hopefully
everyone is hearing us at approximately
equal volumes and so tell us if you are
or if we've I've messed up somehow this
is just a thing it was for farmers to
have an extra hour of work yeah yeah no
I understand the point before we had
electricity but now we have electricity
farming is done with computers and and
in computerized tractors right great hey
sound is good rich our sound is good oh
my god that's unbelievable we're
starting to turn this into a real thing
we learn as we go um I've already played
Harvest Moon shed or at least one guy in
the chat yeah I I like the earlier
Harvest Moon games the later ones to
start getting silly so yeah Harvest Moon
are you flayed Harvest Moon I remarried
a little bit I got bored okay I got very
bored with Harvest Moon III I love back
to nature mmm that was great I'm not a
great all right that's great
I'm glad you enjoyed it I have a Harvest
Moon piracy story a Harvest Moon piracy
story I'm so excited to hear this let's
go I never would have bought a farming
simulator like ever in my life then one
day I was looking at a list of Super
Nintendo roms and I see this
crazy-looking farming game and I like
III downloaded the ROM and I played it
illegally ah illegally yes and then
sight unseen I think I paid you know
full price on release day the next five
versions of Harvest Moon that got
released because you got a chance to try
it out yes yes but let's see the key
here is though I actually did give them
money sure yeah
well really it's not a piracy story so
much as a like a demo story yes the game
should have demos demos are nice I'm not
drawing the same picture and over and
over again I did this earlier and then I
sped it up and looped it this actually
like it says two minutes it took me
about 12 minutes to draw the whole thing
but but it's on a two minute loop
because I sped it up in post I'm really
I really like my my crocodile brain and
lion brain drawing music we've we've
beat that joke into the ground oh yeah
oh you know what we've beat the joke
into the runt ground to where it's just
a reference now obviously we can't just
say that anymore but yeah yeah I'm going
to continue to make it a part of my
daily life the crocodile brain and lion
friend it is now it is now in my
repertoire okay so let's click off of
that let's get some super time force
happening um while I get super time
force happening rich do you want to you
want to tell people what was going on
today or what so a do you have any
stories to tell really don't we'll see
we'll see eventually
huh my my work today though involved you
know watching watching half naked lady
danced around for four hours so you know
it was a terrible horrible day at work
it sounds terrible it really is okay
hold on this might get loud for a second
I mean she was I mean she was so
attractive that sucks man that just
sucks hope not credits settings okay
you can't see super time for sultry yet
I'm working on it
this is a thing that I am officially
working on ultra okay and I go back here
and now you should be able to get great
man great so I don't know what do I do
here how to play you start with 60
seconds on the clock you need hey I am
seeing no game at all you will know well
in a second just making sure that's not
an error yes yeah cuz that's right you
you feel me now you hear me now what you
see video later you should see it now I
see it though okay okay sings know that
you need to make it to the end you can
time out okay great great
this is the first Halloween in four
years I didn't watch trick R treat me
and Jack actually just saw it for the
first time this Halloween we did that we
did there is an official Halloween party
I liked it yeah
it was into the individual stories of
trick-or-treat are really needs oh no I
don't remember how to play your reasons
for not liking that are just bizarre to
me there's an apology yeah I was
expecting some sort of wrapper I know
I'd liked it I liked it I liked it how
do we um how do I start over I forgot
how to play the game I hold on
sure for 21 Groundhog Day it's it's it's
well-made like classic horror type
stories it's almost like it's almost
like Tales from the Crypt with a budget
absolutely hey microfiber militia thanks
for subscribing we super appreciate it
yeah trick-or-treat is some super fun
stories
oh I've
I failed already rich I don't know oh no
I've seen videos of this game just the
style of the graphics it looks like a
bit confusing to play I also have no
idea what I'm doing I don't even know
how to shoot my gun is that bad I mean
that's bad that I can't figure out how
to shoot my gun did did you skip things
that explain this well that's the
question I've already played the the big
long tutorial section and I can't figure
out how to get back to the tutorial
levels okay okay and that's what I'd
like to do I'd like to get back to the
tutorial levels there there are you sure
there's not an option in the main menu
to replay the tutorial did you look I'll
check a lot okay let's let's return to
titles here read the instructions
absolutely yeah where's the tutorial
levels oh my god dick the bday boy dick
the bday boy thanks for subscribing
did you unsubscribe for a little bit or
is this a new dick the bday boy maybe
maybe maybe it expired what the month or
so oh sure sure that could be helping
options in any case thank you thank you
hey boy writing again oh here we go
clear save hi I just cleared my save so
now I can play the game
alright I'm gonna I'm gonna give this a
real shot this time rich because I
wasn't last time super time force
there's a cat it's pretty awesome
there's a cat you say there's a cat
alright alright
okay I've finally done it I've invented
time travel hooray for me I should say
it in his voice I've finally done it
I've invented time travel hooray for me
that's what he look like to me yeah it's
like an old man with a beard shed real
ah yeah what the fuck just happened
earthquakes fire robot army oh and I see
in a chat someone is asking about Team
Fortress 2 Halloween spooktacular
I didn't even play it I did not even
play scream fortress this year because
it was too confusing I just saw what the
update was and I said fuck it what did
they do
Team Fortress every Halloween has a
scream fortress event whether it's a
special Halloween event where they add
new maps and like new game and this year
it was a go-kart game okay I'm not
making it up a first-person shooter that
turns into a go-kart game and I said I
don't I don't want that okay okay it's
like I got two eye patches yes future
future old man doctor has two high
patches oh my god I really did it I
truly cracked the conundrums all right
can I skip no I can't skip the story I
can't skip anything I want this is a lot
of story guys
okay so we invented time travel and then
robots started attacking the city but
wait what if we caused all of this
yeah Jack what games do you refuse to
play refuse to play that's that's the
way they worded that Oh which is why I
read it because it's that's a good
question I against do I refuse to play
well now I've refused to play any Sonic
game
that's what else I just I know cuz I
know I probably won't like it
okay any any classic Sonic game you know
like Sonic Adventure maybe sonic racing
is a different thing will this count if
you played a little bit of it and never
want to touch it again well I what do
you have in mind five nights at Freddy's
I think the question is what game do you
refuse to play without playing it first
yeah I'm not trying to start a thing but
when it comes up
Mass Effect 4 you're gonna refuse I'm
gonna refuse to play that because I
don't want to get involved that universe
again sure up just a refresher for
anybody who doesn't know once that game
comes out if you want to send me a brand
new copy of Mass Effect 4 I will destroy
it on camera and we will find an awesome
way to destroy it do do you want over oh
hold on Grand Moff Kali thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it rich
do you want to destroy it live or do you
want to like film a destruction oh I
don't know
I am thought of that I you know what
it'll be ascenders choice if someone
sends you a physical copy of Mass Effect
4 it can be their choice whether they
whether they want it to be filmed
which you know like the the joy of that
is it could be an awesome er destruction
right yeah yeah or if they want it live
which might be more visceral and
exciting yes
but obviously if if it's pre-filmed we
could do something amazing and actually
tiny ends so we should probably get
comfortable with our awesome skills okay
great I have to skip this I have to skip
all these cuts okay here we go I'm
getting comfortable with my awesome
skills now rich welcome to the face with
so okay so game I refuse to play you
know what game I refuse to play because
I know I'm not gonna like him
The Last of Us okay the the zombie game
were or the fungus monsters it's
probably a fine game it's probably too
cinematic for its own good
yep that's that's what I've heard and
I'm gonna believe the people both the
people who praised it for its cinematic
qualities and the people who've been
little and for its cinematic quality I'm
gonna believe both of them and I just
know it's not gonna be a game for me so
I've refused to play it I'm gonna guess
it's too heavily scripted to be fun as a
game I that's as far as for my tastes
you know I'm sure other people like that
but for my tastes
sure okay great a jumps rich a jumps X
Oh X shoots by the way but going back to
five nights at Freddy's we can't we
can't do anything right cuz somebody
somebody messaged me on Steam and was
giving me shit for not doing five nights
at Freddy's right how how can you not
play that correctly I I don't know I we
skipped a tutorial or something I didn't
I don't remember seeing an option for
tutorial and it's not like we didn't
understand the game by the time I gave
up right right it's such an easy game
you look at the things into power
management but it's dumb but you know
almost like somebody sent me a message
and said they were disappointed in me
and I couldn't irritated me you know I
really did as it should you guys it
should even you wouldn't like a game
I don't like but then to send me a
message specifically to tell me that
you're disappointed in me doesn't that
just make you want to have more steam
friends rich these people telling you
this mess messaging you telling you you
did things wrong
which strikes me as being too immune to
emotion to play horror games no I'm too
immune to crappy jump-scare says that
whore names whore in general really
needs to be done right I like I said I
mean thief the classic view mmm that was
a scary game the people's an unsettling
unsettling kind of eerie experience five
nights at Freddy's was just a mirror
that would jump out that's exactly what
it was goody goody goody goody goo
that's exactly what it was oh I can
create a little shield let's need
someone someone was messaging me on
Steam and okay I got it and asking me
you know like after the alien review
they were saying is there is there
something in a game that really scared
you that was a question and so I know
for you we got cut out of the episode
but you were talking about the the
hammer brothers and people the hammer
brothers no the hammer haunts the hammer
haunts it's a specific type of undead
creature in thief and oh god they're
they're terrified I mean graphics wise
that games the the video game equivalent
of stick figures down at the time hammer
haunts first time I saw one made me shit
myself okay sure sure that's that's not
literal that's an exaggeration what I
was thinking like for me it was left for
dead has has an enemy called the witch
and it's this like you know skinny
creepy looking zombie that cries in a
corner and you have the ability to sneak
around the witch but if you make too
much noise she comes in a taxi and she's
a fierce enemy right every single time I
went up against a witch I was scared out
of my
because it's a really tough enemy to
beat the atmosphere was right like the
music swelled when she's around there
was this like coral like Oh kind of
thing and you could just hear this
sobbing somewhere so you know she's
close you know scared the crap out of me
there's a there's a there's a moment in
thief one's this level called
return to the Haunted Cathedral okay and
you got to you got to get this artifact
that's kind of like hovering over this
this kind of raised altar and I I jumped
over and I grab the artifact that I I
fell off the platform and I land another
ground and in the middle of the
Cathedral all these hammer haunts are
there they start chasing me and I
actually in the game ran out of that
room just in a complete blind fucking
panic like my emotional state in real
life was just fuckin panic and I ran and
I just found a staircase and i i i
cowered under that staircase that's
great the time out and a team up you
save teammates become a powerup its add
to that charge okay I did a time out and
a team up extra hit I don't know if I
understand this yet
I don't know if I understand this yet
rich I like looking at the chat and
talking to you so I'm not even okay much
such into the game into thin air press
speed to timeout and add as many hours
as you need to blast down this wall okay
Oh
okay I think I'm doing it
I did it yay
right
I'm so happy for you that you should be
you should be I'm he's giving oh yes
thank you I KJ yes I'm for for those who
came late to the stream I'm giving this
another try because my first playthrough
I didn't much care for it and everyone
told me that it's a game then I would
really like and I should give it another
try and so I'm listening I'm listening
to you guys which I know is a terrible
idea but but I'm doing it anyway because
it's daylight saving time yet any time
he wants a timeout and tagging a new
team member
more fire Park now you could have played
the French version of sands of time
oh wow that would have been good too oh
that was dumb see you you fled sands of
time um yes have on you did you play the
other ones out of curiosity no no I did
not the the second one the the warrior
William God they like completely sold
out and one for lowest common
denominator yeah the the the Prince just
turned into a badass quote badass sure
sure
you know he was kind of like you know an
arrogant but but regal kind of character
you know he was he was a aristocrat crap
and in the second game he was like one
of the first things he says just shut up
bitch Flo's beating on somebody yeah
they got thick jelly they got a fair on
oh man well that's I mean that's that's
what they do right that's how they
handle sequels
completely redeem themselves with those
third one open but
I mean shut up Josh wait oh okay I get
it
all right I'm chef saying he was in a
restaurant I don't know if that's the
right word you mean he knows of noble
noble blood he wasn't he wasn't a
scumbag
sure yeah he wasn't a scumbag oh my god
what what can't a man rich what I don't
know I don't know what I'm doing that's
okay you're giving it another shot
I am
oh do I need to what
do I need to kill these that I don't get
this
or maybe I do I don't know okay
for like a game for a game that looks so
simple and is just about like people
shooting things it's very complicated I
just don't know if my tiny brain can
handle this okay folks I'm loading up a
live-fire combat simulation this is the
real deal you've got 60 seconds to make
it across the battlefield then you've
got 30 timeouts and you run out of those
while it's game over but this is no damn
game rich what do you think of Mormons
yeah how can anybody believe that shit
that's what I think of Mormons because
you know warminster they're relatively
recently you know in the grand scheme of
religions and now you can take a look
where do we see that it's like a fraud
and a gun a convicted con man who said
that he found what was it
gold-plated Scriptures points yeah yeah
Jewish Indian and he can translate with
the help of magic scrolls and then he
can't show you that the golden Scrolls
anymore because because they were taken
back by the angels or something like
that yeah now it's clear obvious
bullshit I don't I don't know what your
problem is rich
you know it's one of those things where
I'm sure individual people can be nice I
have a relative that converted to
Mormonism
oh do you I love them but I don't know
what the fuck they're thinking ha ha ha
sure sure um I think that's fair oh okay
I'm dying I'm dying
okay I did again I'm dead again what do
I do here why do here it's okay I do
this sign that's to answer the chat
family get-togethers aren't fun for
anybody my family drinks a lot so
they're pretty fun Chad says Jesus stop
jumping into them well I'm figuring it
out chat settle down is that what I
guess I'm saying I'm missing the glory
to whatever the Glore bar
Jesus stop jumping into them yeah
somebody keeps asking what our pain is
on virtual reality gaming um I haven't
ever virtual reality games so I really
can't give you a strong opinion I'm it
seems like it would be expensive haha
like do you have any interest in oculus
rift Inge because it's still something
that's probably a ways away
I don't know well I guess maybe it's
closer than it was 10 years ago so I
don't know much about the oculus rift so
okay I can't really say all right I am I
think I think the lack of tactile sense
if you yeah you could look around but
you couldn't really interact with things
sure I think I think that might be
annoying mm-hmm I have a worry that I'm
going to have the same problem with that
that I have with regular 3d in which
which is I'm a man who wears glasses so
I cannot put another thing on top of my
face without it being uncomfortable like
right now I'm wearing headphones and
that's uncomfortable because they're
pushing up against my ears you know
and pushing my ears into my glasses into
my skull yeah by the timeout timeout is
like the greatest weapon since the Uzi
used it and make me proud okay
now I'm back to where it was are there
any video game based movies you enjoy
watching no not particularly
that's it all right I'm trying to think
of there's actually been a piece of one
ever for any game
I mean Super Mario Brothers obviously
it's the greatest movie just I mean in
general
Jeff would make a great addition to the
team great what a my thoughts on final
fantasy
it's a JRPG and I wouldn't touch it with
a ten-foot pole ah okay
well then there you go the RPGs famous
for a repetitive boring combat series
where you have no control over what
happened I'm just kind of on the rails
oh that's great let's grind boring
battles I know what I know what I need
to do here people settle down I think I
know what I need to do Oh
damnit I think I know what I need to do
I'm just not doing it very well I think
I need to get in there and shield him
yes I did it i Shi lit him and I rescued
him everything's great now what did I
think of his work I basically never
played an excerpt it's just a little bit
too late for me
my my my adventure gaming started with
the Sierra games your King's Quest
especially your space class I love Space
Quest fuck you you've never played any
of those old adventure games Jeff no no
I have not
you wouldn't hate them I don't know you
would know you would flatout him sure
promise Lee I don't know because I know
it would no you know what adventure
games I'm okay with because I get it I
get what they're going for
and so I can because they literally are
nothing but story I my feel like I can I
can be okay with them if that makes any
sense
my winning and because they usually do a
decent job of of having like interesting
character or stories you know whereas
other games try to find the middleman
between games and stories I mean yes I I
definitely played quest for glory one
but I was one of my favorites actually I
played that what I'm still just called
hero's quest they actually change the
name at some point I don't remember why
it was having some ghetto rights issue
sorry jack no no worries I'm just
playing I had to do that
okay well glory quest for glory two
might be my favorite adventure game of
all time Oh
you are the time okay great mess with
the bull you get the horns great or not
great I think I'm at my first boss Oh
nope nope I'm not
Oh what
must have camera those
what did I play the new region as for
glory - probably not
I played whatever one was came out first
I played him what it was to do out at
the time so whatever the earlier version
was that's that's what I played Jack
why'd we burgers from the best of the
worst episode did we eat those burgers I
hear you there but how can you hear me
they're asking about the burgers yes the
the funnier is well that's the funny
answer yeah so yes we absolutely all
those burgers and the we ate the VHS
tape as well no we did not eat any of
those burgers actually filmed on my
birthday
mm-hmm and we actually had a little
cookout before that what you saw before
cooking
we're leftovers yes yes
Boop oh no I suck at this game you're
saying which is cutting in and out it
could be just because my Internet's
wonky sometimes my internet just cuts
out briefly mm-hmm it's stutters kind of
like a loose connection like Steve's
temporarily like you're offline I'm
gonna go right back on sure that's a
normal thing I think that happened last
time too where it's like you were oh no
you were like glitchy and that happens
oh yes I know I'm running into them
again I'm working on it people I am
officially working on it okay I know I
know I know
I'll Jack a chat saying at least
somebody in the chat is saying this game
sucks um I tend to agree with it's very
complicated I'm not I'm not feeling this
game I'll tell you one yeah there's a
there's something here that I want there
we go if I sound tired it's because I
filmed for space cop all day no I'm now
I'm here talk to you guys so appreciate
it fuckers
ha ha ha I do I appreciate that you're
here oh I think it's great that you're
here I'm excited that uh that's right
yes them good that we're gonna be done
streaming you the night somebody's gonna
message me on unseen we're never to say
no I'm really disappointed that you
didn't like five nights at Freddy's I'm
disappointed in you personally yes
that's absolutely the case I'm
disappointed in you personally you have
rich you failed us
no come on oh now I'm not gonna get the
thing right cuz oh dammit not gonna get
the time thing there's time things rich
here's the time thing okay oh my god
right that's actually the part I hate
about this game the most is that it's
timed and I get it that it's like super
time force or whatever but damn it I'm
just not feeling this game second shot
that's something sure you know I'm sure
all of my scenes shot now it's Rob
almost almost there's one little scene
we need to do with me and then one
slightly larger scene basically two more
scenes with space company one of them
one of them should be really short
mm-hmm feel fairly easy that's great
that's great
and then there's gonna be oddball things
we need like dope
shot of building X exterior sure shit
like that mm-hmm
and then a just a shit ton of
post-production work yes dude finish
building models scream so much post
somebody is saying it's time so that you
use your time warp abilities are not
that advice I'll Jack I'm just reading
things I know I'm sure I'm sure there's
a very good explanation for it being
timed I'm just not feeling it
and I'm also not winning which is very
frustrating oh wait
somebody's asking if I've got a new
computing box yet yeah that'll be the
next major parties yes can't wait I
can't wait to get my hands in a new a
computational box
I hear they use magnetic disk disks now
oh is that true punch cards yes oh
that's great news
oh wait did that get rid of all of my
past selves oh damn it Jack you're not
utilizing your entire team and time warp
I I know this is my problem with the
game except I'm not utilizing my entire
team in time warp that was a calm
comment I think they're just trying to I
know I know I know it's you know for me
playing it's very frustrating because I
know I'm not doing the thing that I
should be doing and I don't I just don't
get it I don't get what I'm supposed to
be doing
oh god damn it I gotta go back I think I
have to go back in time more I think
this is my problem I mean John oh my me
this guy which is PC is so old the piece
short for punch card haha nice okay
there there we go there we go
oh good I got extra time I got more time
god damn it
so he's asking it from making space cop
intentionally bad I wouldn't say that I
mean it's gonna be somewhat
tongue-in-cheek just like everything we
do
oh hey we have a new subscriber check
the channel um I just started what the
fuck
rumbles fugly thank you
we very much appreciate your
subscription no Andy and by the way you
cannot make something intentionally bad
well sure like I suppose you can right
shark that's thought that's sharknadoes
thing is they decided to make something
intentionally bad well there's there's
intentionally bad and then there's
tongue-in-cheek
yes well you're just kind of playing up
the silliness you know it will be in the
style of red letter media basically you
know all of those half in the bag skits
think that kind of tone just from what
I've seen oh man there there are some
scenes that I'm so excited for people to
see rich and I know you you as well yeah
but oh man there are some things that as
far as I'm concerned our movie making
funny and which I mean like they're so
funny they make the movie you know
you're right on time I get ya this this
is try this game is trying to be cute
and I'm not in the mood let's you know
that Ridge okay I went to the past and
built this little
okay
marry fucker killed George Lucas 1980s
George Lucas mid-90s or George Lucas now
oh my god that's well you kill you kill
the 95 one right because then you stop
prequels from happening and then you
just don't have to worry about it
because then he's dead
you uh you marry wait what were the
years again and now I guess you fucked
fuck 80s why not no no you think you're
thinking about it wrong though you
married the 80s one before he's super
famous so there's no prenup so you can
divorce them and have a shit ton of
money then of course you have to fuck
modern-day Lucas but that's worth it cuz
you're rich ok see I was thinking you
know murder in the 90s one stop prequels
right and marry the null one because
he's gonna die soon yeah we get
everything you get everything I know but
he's rich now so he'd have you sign a
prenup he's the kind of asshole that
would have you sign a prenup but but
that's that's for like a divorce if he
just dies that's different right
so you marry the past one and then kill
know then again by the way you marry the
past one and kill the 90s one so yeah
you married the now one you kill the pet
the 90s one well give her the People's
you you you marry them the NA one yeah
obviously this doesn't make sense cuz
he's killed him a 95 he'd still be dead
but it's fucking game okay
see marry the NA one then he dies then
you get everything
uh-huh and then you just left over in
1980 so I guess I guess fuck just you
know it's left over so yeah I don't
especially want to fuck any incarnation
if George Lucas yeah yeah I'm with you
who do you prefer modern Lucas or modern
Shem Elam Oh God they're both completely
irrelevant to my life
i-i'll be honest I haven't seen either I
don't think I don't think I've seen me I
haven't seen red tails and I haven't
seen woes modern cha Milan he did The
Last Airbender I haven't seen either oh
so oh so unfortunately I cannot make
that call I'm sure they're both terrible
cuz I mean I like watching movies out of
time out of time can't damn it oh I get
it
I get what I'm doing wrong I'm doing so
many things wrong rich is it that's the
right answer so that's good I'm reading
the chat and talk to you and I'm not
looking at the game much at all that's
fine dumb
Jesus
damnit
damn it damn it damn it okay this guy
I'll take care of that oh there's a slow
down thing I want that check why don't
you play a real game for once instead of
these 2d pixel shooters cuz you know
jack to be pixel shooters
they're not real game no no they're not
real games at all you know I like 2d
pixel shooters and obviously I know
they're not real games and I guess I'd
do it to piss you off I do it just for
just for you because only lowly battle
machine 3 to 2 knows what a real game is
goalless battle machine 322 they make
that decision yeah yeah yes it's what
they like and those are the only
acceptable real games
yes I agree and you know what I'm gonna
go ahead and agree shit son of a bitch
rich how many hours how many hours in
your life were spent playing farmville
uh zero farmville farm gold back back
before they let you have multiple farms
hmm my girlfriend actually used my
Facebook account to play farmville maybe
she wanted another farm oh my god so I
don't know if they store farmville
records anyway are my fiance's hahaha
she made a Facebook page for her dog
haha so she can have another farm oh my
god I don't think she's played that game
in a while but she used to be she used
to be a farmville addict back in the
dating back into farmville heyday she
was know that she was in on the ground
floor I don't know if that's something
you should be excited about necessarily
okay I think I think I got this down now
so my other means gonna get that one I
get this one and then we just beat them
faster I want to say I'm understanding
this more the more I play it but I'm
just not this is the truth
rich why aren't you camping out tonight
for call of duty advanced warfare days 0
launch edition because I have taste oh
my god
oh snap you just snap them rich I did I
did
just snap them right in the right in the
schism in Grim Fandango yes or no well
yes yes definitely yes
yeah rich has a lot of love for Grim
Fandango I was actually upset when I
found out that the current remastering
isn't a full-on remake cuz I already own
you know the original I don't you know I
guess it's nice that the remastering
good but I could play that I could play
that game whatever I walk you know
yeah I'm with you I'm with you I'm
excited because I I don't have the game
right now and so I'm excited about
getting the game in general and playing
it on my Vita is gonna be fantastic
whenever it comes out if it comes out
I'm sure it'll come out and eventually I
did it rich
I won good for you jack
I feel no accomplishment I'm gonna tell
you that I don't feel I don't feel like
I've I've overcome obstacles I'm not
feeling this game officially I'm not
feeling this game well how long do you
want to put into it this is how long I'm
putting into it you're done now I'm done
right now okay so we take it a break
we'll take a little break
and we'll start up Monaco oh okay they
play in different time periods that's
fun it's gonna take a look here this is
the home of the time travel engine great
Forbes Argo Bay shards
oh sure so it has like a in-game economy
unlock stuff yeah great
super exit force yeah uh hold on
Hey look at that alright look at that oh
you're not seeing him I just uh
semi-enclosed it I closed it and and now
the B just wait y'all me drawing a
crocodile oh I thought you're just
excited because you closed the game Hey
look at that if I had the ability to
send this game back I might would bud
we will probably need a crew for Monaco
I think rich and I have not played two
minutes of time into the game is what I
have so our our first playthroughs is
just gonna be rich and I so that we can
kind of learn the game and then I think
once we once we figure it out then maybe
we'll open it up to a couple extra
people maybe we'll see we yeah we'll see
um why is that a green dog
I have no drawing ability whatsoever so
this is the best that I could come up
with this afternoon don't you take that
shit Jack don't you don't you take that
one there they're criticizing your
drawing skills that's fun septa below
I'm unacceptable I am okay with them
criticizing my drawing skills cuz I know
I don't have any I'm hoping that I in
fact have so little drawing skills that
that they think it's it's cute that I
try so yes Jack draws like he plays
super time force poorly you're correct
i am i added the poorly part weight
promises were made about what they they
apparently missed it when you talked
about the angry video game nerd oh i
talked about that last week i know IRA
now for a quick catch-up before we take
a break i really did not like the movie
in fact i found it to be insulting ly
bad because I know that the angry video
game nerd he also does movie stuff right
and I've heard him talk about movie
stuff and I find him is talking about
movies to be generally competent so I I
was so disappointed by that movie not
like I was expecting anything great it
was just it was just really bad it's a
really bad movie it has so many flaws
that that it shocks me that it was ever
made like I can't believe it shocks me
it shocks me that like you know because
I think he kick-started it or something
you know and and that he put that out to
the people who backed it is shocking I
don't want to speak like great I don't
want to like make any personal attacks
against the angry video game Barrett I
just think he made a really bad movie so
that is all yeah Ben is all he I think
you're right he was running on pure
instance and it's very it's a lot
different making movies than it is
criticizing them so yeah that's all that
was that's kind of the the short version
of what I said last week that'll be up
on the youtubes or whatever that's true
you know what the AVGN movie was almost
as bad as red letter media movies I have
I mean like if if I'm gonna be a fair
critic like feeding frenzy right feeding
frenzies has some technical problems
mm-hmm obviously it's a no budget movie
I don't believe any of the problems are
in the story okay I think that feeding
frenzy is is a simple but competent
story told correctly you know everything
happens for a purpose all the characters
actions make sense right obviously it
was done for I want to say the budget
for feeding frenzy was $15 because
that's what they spent on my sandwich
the day I was shooting there so what I
thought I haven't seen it I'm just I'm
just not interested mm-hmm I mean I'm
not a super huge fan of that stick I
don't I don't begrudge him at all but I
mean
that character got old for me a long
time ago mmm it's like yeah I get a
diarrhea uh-huh and is here I get it's
got a movie and now you know good for
him
but just not interested in seeing it
yeah oh by the way Matt's be for 25 it
makes a really good point which is rlm
didn't ask fans to pay for feeding
frenzy and that's why you forgive some
of the negatives that's right
that's like there was I think there was
added pressure on AVGN because it was
fan funded and that kind of ups the
stakes a little bit I mean also yeah
they're two different styles of comedies
and I'm I agree with rich of 100% I do
not much care for his style of comedy
and then that's fine you know like with
any of our reviews or criticisms in
general if you like it I'm glad for you
I'm glad that you found enjoyment
I just didn't much care for it yeah it
was a $15 sandwich it was a it was the
the Thanksgiving sandwich have you ever
had this rich no it's the most amazing
sandwich in the world it's roasted
turkey it's it's it's downtown by the
bank one building I forget the name of
the sandwich shop it's an amazing
sandwich shop it's roasted turkey
stuffing cranberry sauce all on toasted
bread it's a Thanksgiving sandwich and
it's amazing it's a grace if you say so
if you say so I think the most amazing
sandwich would have some form of steak
and cheese on it
myself I mean no disrespect to steak and
cheese maybe some grilled onions I mean
you're just you just want a cheesesteak
just like you know there's other like
cheesesteaks great I'm not no no
disrespect to cheesesteaks the ultimate
sandwich is some form of cheesesteak mmm
you know it's okay that we have this
disagreement
hmm I oh by the way I agree like AVGN
was kind of stuck you can't make that
gag last a full movie yeah and this is
this is the thing but but also like
beyond that like if it was just the gag
that got old I that would have been
forgiven the story made no sense the
characters were inconsistent everything
failed about the head movie the jokes
fell flat and there were some there were
some funny ideas of jokes in the movie
and they fell flat and like the forced
characterization like his his friend
nerd falling in love with the girl
whoever has seen the movie knows what
I'm talking about at the last minute the
last two minutes of the movie is them
falling in love that's terrible anyway I
don't want to talk about that anymore
let's take a break and I'm gonna refill
my water here and then we'll watch and I
will play so Monaco and Rey so hey watch
me draw some crocodile 9 brains
for like two minutes

[Part II]
you once heard people praise grownups
too I just I don't believe you I think
you're lying to us that's gonna be fine
your perspective is all yes critique my
mspaint drawings more I am gonna work on
both line brain and crocodile brain
emoticons they're probably gonna look
similar to this maybe I'll have rich
draw them because rich actually can draw
I work with a guy who loves grownups -
I'm so sorry I'm really sorry
you
what director has got better later in
their career that's a good question
you know I think any director who got
better later in their career was also
good early on right where it's like you
can look hold on for a second biscuit is
trapped in here
sorry but this cave got trapped I had to
let model um you know like early
scorsese's a little rough and later
Scorsese is just perfect and beautiful
Tarantino once he got money just
polished polished everything up
visca cam absolutely there you know
there's a lot I'm trying to think of a
like a director who was bad at one point
and then and then got good I don't know
biscuits on board right
why Sanderson you know like what
Sanderson like if you look at bottle
rocket you could see what Rhett Wes
Anderson was going to become and I think
he perfected it with Royal Tenenbaums
but really that was just kind of like
polish that wasn't like getting better
that was like having the resources to
achieve his vision who's a director that
was bad that got good
who said polish was good polish can be
good
is good polishing their ideas not
necessarily like apology I'm making it
look good it was just like solidifying
your vision as a director Wes Craven
right bottle rocket is greater than
Rushmore is greater Grinnell that's not
true bottle rocket is not the best mm
Tenenbaums is the best Rushmore is a
very close second
classic Spielberg or modern scorsese
classic Spielberg 100% classic Spielberg
that man had imagination I I really like
classic Spielberg
modern scorsese is great I mean he's
just always great modern Scorsese slash
any Scorsese is great Scorsese but
classic Spielberg oh man that's my Jam's
how is Zelda coming along fine is rich
back yet and radar you back in
he's not rich is not back in rich
someone's asking house-elves is coming
along the Zelda episode we actually just
shot the discussion over the weekend
so I'll start editing it hopefully I can
have something out later this week
the interesting things are interesting
so that is all I will say we I don't
want to spoil the the review for you
we'll talk about it after after the
reviews up we can talk about it more in
depth
when is space cop coming out tomorrow
space cop is coming out tomorrow
spoiler alert they just shot the last
scene this afternoon so Jay and Mike are
dual editing tonight tomorrow morning
I'll probably get some roughs and start
doing effects work and it'll be out
tomorrow afternoon possibly like early
evening
I didn't see love and monsters so I
don't know what breed is my cat my cat
is a Siberian IVA I have a long-haired
Siberian cat which which means which
means that he's hypoallergenic what they
were asking who's there who is this nice
um so the reason that my cat is a
Siberian is because he's hypoallergenic
and I have friends and family including
rich Evans who are allergic to cats so I
got one specifically so rich could still
hang out at my house and he has yet to
be over the big jerk the cats of my
friend bought a cat I told him it was a
fucking asshole it would it would be
fine yeah I've had people over who are
allergic to cats and they've been fine
with no medication you're gonna be fine
fine the special peanuts it'll be fine
it'll be fine
I used Windex on that all of the
surfaces it'll be fine no I'm sorry
important question of why are a lot of
the old RLM videos not working anymore
old Plinkett reviews aren't working that
can't be true
if they're not up on YouTube that
they're still on the blips check about
they're fine everything's fine they're
up or you know a lot of times blip has
player issues so if if you're watching a
harlem video player and it's not working
try again the next day they have they
have server issues all the time that
blip Oh Rach when did you get here you
were you were cutting in and out and so
I I heard some random guy talk it was
weird
I just got back Oh some random guy yeah
I just heard it was really weird it was
almost demonic the signals got crossed
that could be that was probably it yeah
yeah
that was probably it okay hold on I'm
gonna okay rich let's start up Monaco
I'm starting it up starting at Monaco
right I never argue I got I never turned
it off oh well we tested this then there
you go okay Monaco coming back on I
haven't been able to get the Phantom
Menace review to play in over six months
on blip that can't be true I'll let Jay
know about that yes what the fucking man
what the fuck in Monaco I think what
you're asking is what the fuck is Monaco
Jack Monaco is a place and you can't
fuck in it I'm sure you can fuck in
Monaco but the question was what the
fuck in Monaco and I don't think that's
a real question just putting that out
there
so Monaco I have bought also by the way
I don't really know what Monaco is I
think it's a stealthy thing mmm I don't
know
are you making a Lobby or something or
you know what you're doing I am working
on it okay
are you in are you in Monaco yes okay
look at lobbies yes I am creating a
Lobby nothing is there and check now
right okay there's things there none are
me I'm checking again now hold on hold
on come on in they are there hey char
join the game great I have connected to
server all right what are the god say
these characters do different things
yeah so the locksmith is very fast at
picking locked stores and save the
cleaner can knock out unsuspecting
enemies the pickpocket has a pet monkey
that collects loot the lookout can
detect distant enemies while sneaking I
think I'm gonna be the lookout okay
because I want to detect distant enemies
I also know pre prereq has never
reviewed Monaco right yeah what do you
think jack cleaner or locksmith I would
say locksmith right if I can see enemies
we can sneak around I mean if you're
fast luck picker it's a good thing okay
okay hold on their story rich and I'm
not gonna skip the cutscene oh my god
they're shipping you guys off tomorrow
we I am to be deported and they will
throw Ector in a zoo relax chief I can
get us out of here jack
I'm the locksmith I should be doing
those lines oh I'm sorry
what whatever don't let me stop you the
psychopath is coming to he'd better not
make a sound okay objective escaped from
prison while the storm lasts ready yes
we're both ready here we go here we go
guys we're doing this yeah hey voices
okay push door to unlock so you just
kind of push towards it yeah okay
we've added a new guy
wait what I am hold on I'm talking to
these people you do that oh that's a
wrap
okay welcome to North oh this is
enhanced mode rich so I'm the pink one
and Rich's the blue one yeah by the way
okay
watch out for guards oh you're the
lookout so you go ahead right well
what's it rejected there's a guard right
there dear mom and Ted yes
oh I get it life as a prison guard isn't
pretty boy our objective is to get out
okay hold left trigger to sneak oh okay
then you crawl that's fun
okay okay I'm sneaking hold a to view
objects that's that's you what am i
viewing nothing can I let him out no be
what objects I don't understand why I
don't understand what I'm doing Oh maybe
there's something in here to view no
what does it say about viewing you press
a to view objects what happens when you
press a nothing and I don't get it
oh well doesn't it let's get out of here
let's go to the tunnels okay you know
what it doesn't matter is this telegin
glitch no it does kind of look like
delegate Joe this is Monaco I don't know
what the objective oh well whoa what oh
I don't know I'm just playing this you
see me yeah yeah you see yes can you
also see where the guards are or do we
need to talk to each other sure you're
the lookout which is why I'm waiting for
you to go ahead I mean you see something
that I should see do you see like any
guards right now yeah and can you see in
my
feel the viewer in no apparently
apparently not okay so now I see your
garden now I don't okay yeah there are
guards I do see those fist icons yes and
the red yes so I'm assuming that's from
you yes oh okay there we go hacked the
thing it's the street level yeah we
probably want to go to street level
great I think we did it
maybe nope
I'm constantly sneaking I don't know
about you but I have not let go of the
sneak button what the heck why isn't
that card to sing us are we overhead is
that the deal
what guard there's a guard underneath
this no that's a prisoner whatever he
doesn't he doesn't care for sneaking out
of here so if a guard chases us we just
need to break line of sight Oh almost to
find some kind of exits okay wait yeah
there's again oh yeah but it shows us
right where the exit is OOP okay
infirmary all right it's sneaky sneaky
what am I Oh what did you do what trips
alarm just lets go nosy escape man get
in the van there is a garden there's a
girl
oh no get out of it you're in the van
I'm in the van okay I'm in the vents oh
I don't I don't think that went well
okay let's continue
we survived Jack I want well enough yeah
Dillon here oh yeah
does it say hijack at the hairpin yeah
oh great alright yeah I think I'm gonna
do the same look out
we need passports oh shit Adie mines the
pickpocket is is the is the French one
friends and I cleaner doesn't say
anything ok this is you you guys
remember the thick fellow from cellblock
we the one who dug the tunnel all right
nobody lacks up the mall mole has
freedom spoon yeah apparently he's
connected Interpol was transferring him
to Clairvaux y+ wait a hijack
where's in transport we should have all
the friends we'll ever need how was that
that's great how was my that was my
French your French was perfect there's
spot on excellent spot on I was I was
wondering if once again we were
disconnected and and uh we got our lines
clock crossed with the Frenchman look we
get guns now we do oh I got a gun can we
get two guys I mean no no it's t on gold
oh look out seems like probably the best
one yeah
okay so this is confirmed confirmed for
twin-stick right now so do we have to
kill him essentially maybe not nope but
you did look at a skeleton that's right
that's hilarious the bird saw you but
while he's Birds walked and then he
heard the bird Oh turn around oh okay
great they actually did a neat thing
there I like that
oh okay oh God
we're just in that room with him there's
no cover okay oh no no no don't go na
he's over there
I don't know how did is there like a
button to use my power what are you
doing uh I tried to pickpocket I'm gonna
just he noticed me instead oh how do you
pickpocket him okay I guess only I
thought you might be able to okay it was
an attempt it was an attempt to
pickpocket okay well I get you failed
you've endangered the mission oh and now
he's pissed now he's moving around and
he's pissed this guy with the fisty over
here okay I got this
we're getting out of here oh my god nope
they saw me they all saw me they all saw
me get out of here
I'm getting out of here you don't know
what's going on dude uh-huh oh god he's
getting at it okay here comes you can
see his fist ease though right I guess
see fifties negative your footsteps okay
oh that's right the sneak button I
forgot about the sneak button okay so we
need to get to the shoreline
Oh oh shit he's coming out invisible ink
did you not close the door it's a view
coin count I'm getting out of here I'm
going to the shoreline nope nope guess
what I'm shooting people I just kill
them what do you hold on shoot again
right trigger to shoot okay get out of
there you aim with the other stick oh
okay okay
help help what help what help me oh I
just did a thing
what do I'm purple now why am i purple
did I change characters or something
what was that are you the mole now I
seem to be purple you are purple the
mole can break through walls you've
turned into the mall Hey look over here
there's a Clint oh my god what the fuck
mean mr. mustard thank you for
subscribing hey come over here and break
through this wall oh okay
get this coin oh I see I see
come on rich get it together could you
do me a favor
oh look is there stuff down here no okay
alright never mind
go
there's stuff over here no no no what's
over here who's that guy you knocked my
my teeth oh when you smash the threads
pork that's funny
okay well fuck you guys see you later
I'm getting out of here I'm here I'm in
the boat I don't care about him I get
one what are you guys talking about the
chat getting naked
all right people do rip things okay I
don't I do have the AVGN game I got it
as part of like a bundle it was like a
humble bundle that came with it maybe we
can play that I don't know not now yeah
oh there oh look at there's like
branching stories that's fun
well you're the host so you get to pick
this shit I can't see any of what you're
doing right now oh okay well you know
there's like I can I can continue on to
the locksmiths story or I can go to the
pickpocket story oh that's neat well you
know what let's let's go a pickpocket
you tell me we are doing the pickpockets
story
inspector well they're your friend
already told me everything the prison
break did I Jack them all everything
what does the pickpocket sound like my
friend has a complicated relationship
with the truth yeah that's good are you
trying to tell me that you didn't escape
from prison that you didn't rob the
palace the museum the casino are you
doing French are you doing like what's
he know you don't Scarface I am really
bad at
salts my little friend I am so bad at
accents that they kind of shift as I'm
doing them and you didn't kill a man in
a nightclub yeah now that you've said
Latino now that you've said Scarface
that's exact I need to get back to
French that's that's a fast start at the
beginning at the hey check if you'll
check your records you'll notice the
only three prisoners release to this
meeting the night of the prison break
the mall the mall wasn't the only
prisoner that went missing at the hijack
but you rounded up all the other
prisoners from the transport oh my god
are you sure about the Varian Monica do
you really think you can tell the
difference you're slipping I know I am
between the layers of the gamblers and
thieves you're going from like Igor to
Speedy Gonzales the pickpockets
recollection of the accident scene is
quite a bit more active prepare for a
challenge
ready what am i what was that beeping
okay all right what do you mean you
idiot oh shit where who are we what's
going on Oh rich wait did you turn your
volume on suddenly there's an echo
he'll help okay
let me see if I can knock somebody out
oh my god rich you are echoing but just
behind that's nice Oh rich you must have
been pressing the chat in chat button Oh
was I doing that you were cuz there was
a terrible echo but it's okay now what
instead of sneak I hit the chat button
ah okay I don't know what I'm doing or
where I'm going who are you I'm the mole
Who am I where are we going what are we
doing where I got a gun where are we
supposed to go rich wait wait I'm gonna
from there this guy up I see where we're
supposed to go or do they wake up after
a while I guess I do god I'm dying
I'm getting out of here this is my god
nope I'm hiding I I did unlock the
Monaco railway all right I knocked out
one guard okay how do you not come out
I'm the mole can do that you just walk
up behind him
oh I cannot do that by the way knocked
out a second guard great they see me I'm
running away I'm running around this car
comically oh there you are I see that
did you see me how did you see me god
damn it get out of here house stuff fail
but whatever were you at I'm over here
I'm the I'm the guy dressed in black
hold up do you have to knock them all
out no oh well let's make way to the
damn exit oh well let's go then I
unlocked it already oh shit
come on I like them all oh okay here we
are I like Adam oh yeah knocking people
out and his pretty clutch I wonder if
they stay knocked out oh shit getting
out of here
that was me Richard yeah I can't knock
them out when they have a question mark
over their head apparently okay that's
good to know
I fucked up I fucked that Ridge
what did hear myself shit shit
oh hey there's like little passageways
here they don't have guns it's the
French but the guards better get more
difficult to deal with at some point
because getting caught so far is just
like nothing well that's and there I see
in the chat here they're saying how is
this a stealth game when you can simply
knock everyone out without repercussion
and I agree we have it we also like
early yet and we have guns eventually
I'm hoping they start shooting this yeah
well not I don't hope that they start
shooting as I can only assume why is it
saying like it you need help do you need
help
no okay sneaky sneaky oh shit shit shit
shit shit shit get out of here get out
of here Kevin um if anyone is curious
this soundtrack is annoying the piss out
of me there's piano music
oh that's you who's yelling for help
I don't know I don't hear anybody
yelling for help who are you oh shit I'm
trapped
shit I'm trapped shoot someone I'm gonna
shoot someone who is this guy what is
this thing I am running for my life Jack
I don't know what did I do
I I'm in a purple box now yeah why am I
in a purple box
I can't damn it I don't get this game
all right but you killed everybody so we
can just do whatever we want all the
time oh shit shit I'm going on a
murderous rampage I'm just looking for
an exit that's all I'm looking for oh oh
I'm out of bullets and so you can't go
on a murderous rampage all the time
Bessy run out of bullets alright we're
supposed to go here what is here what is
this what am i doing down here
I'm in a boat oh silhouetting I'm coming
I'm coming
how are we supposed to do this yes I
don't know yeah their objectives would
be nice but by the way I totally agree
when in doubt murder everyone each
other's chances would be nice yeah yeah
clear objectives would be a plus some
sort of I just have no idea what I'm
doing
let's go back what we do here
Foreign Affairs or the Lebanese embassy
Foreign Affairs or the Lebanese embassy
rich as well keep going purple the mole
well we get to choose the pickpocketer
story or the locksmiths story oh we're
done I'm looking at different screens
than you are uh add whatever you want
okay let's do the locksmiths
hey why do you keep going with a
locksmith story okay was the last one we
did was that more locksmith I don't know
the last one we did was the pickpocket
story stay in one line because I want to
see a progression of difficulty okay oh
so you are saying a gentleman that a car
and the red IDI are also under the bus
by her they've jailbirds like us the
redhead and spent money that wasn't
terrorist the cameras well he got
activities after his arrest the
considerable wealth had been confiscated
by the government it's lebanese national
most of his nick with the hair skits
from being repatriated is liquid what
assets Missy maybe his family where we
would find clothes sister where are his
reaches for being at the gentlemen is
searching for intel on his confiscated
assets prepare for a challenge
ready beep beep beep boop I guess Phil
yes we're still watching the chat I mean
have you know we're both playing and
we're watching the chat what are you
guys asking I'm hacking a computer what
does that do ooh oh oh I'm hacking
things ooh
ooh oh shit okay there's a journal what
I'm doing but I had something that's
great oh I got into like a like a like a
vent I got into some vents rich that's
pretty exciting I think shit did you
hack these things yeah do that one no
okay I just did it oh it just shuts them
down temporarily that's kind of lame
what no shit
Rick came on right as I walked by it god
damn it I'm into the vents into the
vents
don't do it
French guards they they really just
punch you I could punch you and hope for
the best
I kind of look okay okay just okay it's
fine whoo I'm hacking something I'm
hacking something what did I miss okay
all the guards is just stupid huh
well I think that's the point he has a
key he has a key how do I pick someone's
pocket
I just can't know I just get behind him
don't know I think we just murder him
okay no I don't have a gun he already
dropped a key I've got oh great oh this
I'm just gonna run around like a mad
person this is embarrassing
yes yes this is Oh God
here I'll distract him rich you do
whatever you gotta do
they'll chase me what's the objective I
have no idea I don't know
Oh press a for objective steal the
shipping manifest
okay well it's something okay sorry Chad
didn't hear I don't know what I'm doing
and that's a problem yes things are
happening uh-huh I don't know what I'm
doing yes oh oh you can get to a second
floor I think I'm about to get to a
second floor hey saw me so I just run
away okay and there's not really many
consequences to that no don't go down
there Joe come back shit nope too late
shit
nope and I think I'm dead he killed me
can I revive can you revive my skeleton
I'm gonna something it says hope on my
screen oh oh you can
what are you oh god what are you doing
to me there's something your bones are
performing voodoo magic okay
what I've broken this in and I'm hacking
again oh great I don't know what I don't
know what the hacking really did but I'm
hacking oh oh come over here come down
to the second floor below you that's
where I just went come over here
did that make a thing happen I don't
know I think this is where we're
supposed to go it was the only thing
down okay oh there's a gun over here I
want that gun
don't trip the wire though I can see
that all right
just there's key I'm gonna try and get
the key yeah oh I'm gonna hack a
computer okay oh my god someone thank
you whoever that was cuz I can't see the
screen for subscribing Ella Ronco thank
you for subscribing we super appreciate
it thank you for subscribing to the Jack
and Richard kind of dumb episode we
don't know what we're doing oh I think I
get it what what does what does what do
you get the hacking the hacking like
randomly gets rid of lasers just
randomly well no it like moves along a
path so you have so you're able to
access more areas where am I going now
shit shit
fuck fuck fuck get out of here yeah I
did but I think I'm gonna make it I made
it I made it to the vents it's okay yes
by the way Thank You dick the birthday
boy this is a visual metaphor for Jack
trying to set up the stream shit shit
shit okay we can just wait in here now
by the way I don't know about this game
jack I agree with you oh oh oh do you
see the arrow to main office that's what
we're supposed to go right no I don't
see that whoa I see it okay shouldn't
shit shit shit don't have a gun no I
don't have a gun I'm just running all
right let's run let's run to the main
office okay
this is kind of dumb where am i where
are you where am i oh there I am I'm
healing myself okay oh my god
easy loca Magoo is lilo Magoo thank you
for subscribing we very MUC enrich you
know I don't care anymore
he's just running through oh okay so now
back to the second floor
oh they're still here wait I need this
Kia thing shit oh my god oh I think I'm
gonna do it rich we're gonna do it
I did oh wait where are you I'm dead
oh I think I have to go get you you have
to I don't know I can't get out it's not
letting me go to street level it's not
letting me go to street level without
you okay
can't damn it oh shit it's a guy there
got a hack these computers real quick
I'll come and get you
I had some health you can get it don't
think I can find health all right I
don't think I can get to help always or
maybe I can there's right down there
shit I wasn't patient I got the help I'm
running alright alright
this piano music is on my fucking nerves
god damn it god I know I know it oh god
oh god it's a train wreck rich it's a
train wreck you know what I'm doing I'm
going to the vets can I get to the vents
in time yes again we are the worst
thieves were the line we are the worse
okay we're up against the worst guards
of all time
blue I will punch you until you fall
down run away from me
we might be the worst Monaco players
ever to exist okay yes that's how that's
how the game works by the way that's
fine I guess
okay I'm I'm I'm putting your bones back
together we need to get the street level
okay ready yes shit shit
the shit rich oh did I just hide in a
potted plant you might have come to
street level with me I'm what I'm
waiting for the alarm dies down then
have it come Tammy no I'm staying in
hiding okay you stand hiding I'm gonna
run around like a mad person unless you
think we can both make it to the street
no I'm gonna hide in a plant - I'm now
hiding in a different plan stop running
into them I know that's what you're
supposed to do button oh okay we're
getting a feel for this game yes also
this is our first time playing ever yes
okay I'm coming out of hiding
oh that's that's funny what you know my
characters power is you can he can knock
people out yeah guard walked into the
plant I was hiding in and he got knocked
out oh okay here we go yes all right we
made it
ich ich ich kann Yiddish I mean we made
it oh crap
here comes some guards now watch out
what the guard come first hiding spot
nope
knock him out he's gonna chase me around
okay come on to the next area
Oh here's here's the getaway van
we did it is kind of dumb this is kind
of how we should we should open this up
to more people
all right people we're open this up oh
Jesus
jaws of Zadar first of all very funny
name chose a dark alright let's open
this up
continue all right how do we do this now
I say we should be easy enough to find
because they know your steam name right
yeah but I I need to I need to like
adjust my my lobby setting salt hold on
I only have the option to leave lobby I
guess I can do that
no I cancel can't I am leaving can't I
like a just to the lobby when they'll be
we have it set for only two people in
the first place right probably I've
started to room oh okay all right then
I'm leaving the lobby okay all right I
am now starting a new lobby we're at I'm
just gonna go I'm gonna be in the I'm
gonna go to the liquidity in the
pickpocket story okay do you see that
yeah okay hopefully everybody you know I
don't know how many people play Monaco
but if they don't have that unlocked I
guess they can't find it I've created
I've created the party lobby list
Harlech I'm in okay so well now I'll
just wait for two more people sure and
see who shows up probably should have
told people before we created a lobby
because now we're just gonna get to
random people
oh they're unlockable characters that's
kind of game hmm nope we got another one
oh yay are you people from the chat I
don't know
they found us pretty quick they did I
wasn't reading things start reading I'll
pick up at some point Jack Oh Donna
Dilla comfy to her own croissants but
he's still a paper her stacked neatly
yeah come with the number the blah blah
blah
now fucked us all just let's go okay I'm
ready for this good story guys it's all
good story
I think that's half the fun Jack
Jesus Christ what oh my god
this one so fast oh shit oh shit
I think I did good or I'm killing
everyone I might be killing everyone
I hear constant alarms yeah yeah okay
okay I'm gonna die I'm dead I'm dead
oh my god
we didn't do we did a terrible thing
retching oh my god okay oh I'm dead I'm
very good I'm very dead are you coming
to save me I save somebody something you
say okay great I'll come back for you
okay all right I won't oh I'm gonna be
dead again shit are you the purple okay
I'm saving you I'm saving you I'm doing
it are you blue yeah okay let's go oh we
have another player down I'm gonna save
this guy now although we had guns oh now
I'm dead I tried to save my own dead
alright hold on hold on
cut damn it can't damn it you're the
only one left rich I'm getting out of
the area for now okay what is our goal
oh I don't know we have to get this
street level it looks like I'd pick
pocketed a key yeah
there's a camera at another keys do we
need to steal a small fortune see that's
what we need to do are you guys is can
we talk to other people hello I may have
I may have done it I hate I just found a
thing of money I grabbed it so now I'm
going back to try and save people did
you do it you know maybe you didn't do
it I didn't do it you didn't do it
alright alright I'm gonna I'm gonna hack
so security cameras will be disabled no
way to save people
great now to the rescue
okay to the rescue
you've rescued me
take that guard off take that guard oh
jeez Oh card him and the one up
attention take them all out okay
all right to street level okay let's go
let's let's go hack that thing all right
that guy just blew all the alarms god
damn it what what were that was you just
blew all the alarms and you're terrible
Oh i disguised oh is that what that is
okay I'm here at street level I'm here
at street level where are you guys I
just got more money can't damn it oh
this disguise is great but it didn't
work because I blew an alarm all right
Mickey Mickey Hyneman did did you
subscribe and we didn't we didn't say
hello
if not I apologize and we really
appreciate it and thank you for
subscribing escape
alright let's get out of here oh I can't
go this way oh oh shit you're at that
door okay oh I'm coming for you I'm
coming for you nope
I'm coming for you jack just run run you
can come back to me run no oh you're in
the wait god damn it I couldn't run over
you because you learned the way where
our fate is in the hands of that guy
where's the other guy did he leave
already now there's somebody yeah
somebody loves because they knew we had
no idea what we were happening uh nope
are you part of the chat that might have
been an actual player yeah alright I am
being saved and thank you for saving
okay
hey girl what we need to do oh yes I am
is in the chat okay great alright let's
get out of here where to I don't know
let's stick together stick together
all right let's street level this way
riches alright I'll follow you follow it
follow the purp pink guy okay
street level okay we did it
Jesus Christ what happened I think I
tripped an alarm or disguise who two
dudes to do I wish you were clearer like
what your objectives were yeah but I'm
starting to get it I I am just I'm
disguised as someone now and I'm really
excited about that who do do do do who's
dead shit where am I shit don't know
shit shit shit
leave me dead for a little bit I'm gonna
get a drink no oh and I'm dead I think
we all know we're all died oh wait no uh
nope is still alive oh uh nope is
figuring this out for us because none of
us know how to play please play
something else yeah we'll probably play
something else we'll see we'll see I'm
I'm sure there's something we missed
where it says steal X amount and you're
sure oh my god the mole is just oh no we
all died we all failed all right well I
think we deserved we're gonna give up
what are you what you want to try more
yeah why not
okay okay are you ready for to call it
quits for the night
basically not for the night I just don't
know about this game
you wanna try one more okay up nope says
one more okay let's do it yeah let's try
um let's try this one Oh we get a
partner in crime now - oh we got a new
one the script says you have to press a
for your objectives yeah that doesn't
help
hey disk Ritz's discards he's a fucking
philosopher oh oh oh okay okay
hello this katha is fucking philosophy
embassies have passports these embassies
in Monaco Lebanese everything fucking
fucked yet me - I've skipped it already
- come on nope I was what work if the
buttons okay steal passport I'm gonna
sneak everywhere oh you know like
disguises he heard something what does
this guy say I don't I hope
I'm gonna follow that I'm gonna follow
this guy in blue cuz he seems to know
what he's doing
my pet monkeys gonna steal all the stuff
yeah I got a monkey you know what I got
a monkey oh shit oh shit
these French people I see that there's
like a little arrow for like where the
trophies are okay great main office okay
I'm here at the main office we're
waiting for other people they might know
I'm just gonna hack these computers
until these people come okay they're
here let's go rich
shit
nope shit nope
okay I'm a novice let's go yes okay
great
let's do it doo doo okay and the
trophies over here I'm gonna go sneak up
here you can get a better idea of what's
happening okay hold on I have a I'm
making my way around this way I don't
know what I'm doing I don't know cleaned
out
oh it's Cape we did it
shit those guards woke up okay
okay getting out of here shit yeah I
know I'm ahead there's a guard I'm
playing smart rich I'm doing it break
for it breaking for it we're terrible at
this game just run run for the car
who's left whose pink I'm done with this
game I'm done with this game
rich we can hear you what what thanks
for playing guys

[Part III]
rich no talk for real talk for real okay
this is not talking for real real so now
you have to tell us how this sounds
do I sound okay yes and I need to hear
it from octo day or John kilo because I
don't trust anyone else yay
oh it's good now oh great it's good it
fixed it magically fixed itself by
stopping and starting the stream hooray
alright so now let's play a video game
and see what happens
oh Jesus Christ Jesus Christ that was
loud I apologized to everyone who had to
hear that jesus fucking christ on them
do you trust me or what as far as how
does it sound
no I only trust mods okay there we go
now the audio should be fine
all right let's let's get this back up
here and we'll get this back up here
then we'll do this do you guys play any
good video games all the time we play
good video games all the time
it seems play FTL it's true but yeah
that's part of the things like it's I I
do want to try I want to play new games
and game thing agree video game nerd
adventures done great updated the stream
yeah we play
we play good games you talk about good
games mm-hmm
we played XCOM before yeah yeah that's
fun all right
present start wait options there we go
full perfect now we can play some Angry
Video Game Nerd Adventures start oh oh
we have an important question easy
normal or old-school normal
alright the Angry Video Game Nerd and
his friends are playing as shitty get
out I think it's apt into the TV the
nerd escaped into the basement but an
arm came out of the TV grabbed him by
the balls and pulled him inside game
land at 3 a.m. what the fuck am i in a
shitty game hey listen
I'm Maggie oh Jesus
okay okay so yeah it's it's it's a
simple platformer I have this thing
talking to me which I'm not really
pleased about well it's a joke huh
that's a joke yeah no I get the joke by
the way
like you see that that's that's
reference it's a referent other video
game yes no and I got that I got that I
understand that I understand that ah
spikes hey there are spikes in this game
where's Phoenix this this looks a little
bit too basic for me this looks as
standard platformer as you can get yeah
standard is a really good way to
describe this standard and hey look a
reference I'm sure that's going to be
the entire game
you should press why now why oh I don't
know what happened rich favorite Zelda
game um either Link to the Past or wind
waker third place would be twilight
princess yeah twilight princess is good
i really ever fuck I really enjoy that
princess
it's another powerup item use it with Y
to get through oh I hate this already
organ trouble I told I think Oregon
Trail needs to be like a group stream
now right doesn't doesn't it no oh I
thought we were talking about doing that
as a group stream what difference does
make I wouldn't need to be a group oh I
think I don't know I just think it might
be more fun that way no because we
wouldn't pay any attention to the game
mmm hey actually probably would not work
as well as a group stream oh okay
group streams are which play games that
you can just kind of like I'm just
simple games platformer or action II
type things just some people could talk
long game is going on sure
I'm with you I guess I'm with you also
why does he have a pumpkin head
Halloween some games mister eggy kind of
thing sure that makes sense
it'd be nice if you could turn it off
yes that would be nice
it's just oh fuck
whatever okay so Oregon Trail all right
hold on yeah okay I'm done yeah oh by
the way did you see you'll see this in a
second to turn it off there's a fucking
option so I I kind of love that no fuck
it no why am i squid there we go all
right it's like that what am I looking
for here I'm gonna go to the store
Oregon Trail
oh wait hello me turn on the video here
video organ trail doot doot doot doot
doot doot doot that's good music it's in
my head now
do you own battleblock theater I don't
believe I do
organ organ trail director's cut bridge
it's two dollars okay I know I know who
directors got plus sound you know what
you know we're talking about during the
Halloween stream that that that ghosts
game you
yeah the Haunted Mansion one where you
flying around possessing things oh yeah
yeah and I asked you when you're done
playing that wasn't worth five and you
said no yeah it's on sale for 250 right
now oh is it worth it for 250
the ghost hunting game
he maybe I picked it up and I see what
you mean about not being worth five I
agree with that but yeah I paid five I
think I'm okay with I paid 250 which I
think I'm okay with that
mm-hmm you know what yeah 250 is good
250 is nice because you know what it's a
novelty it's a it's a now see you'll
pick it up maybe you'll show to a friend
all right and you'll play it once yes
right oh did you know you could plays
the other ghosts though the people you
kill oh no you can they go back to the
the bell tower mmm and they're floating
around the other bells and you could
switch places with them oh that's funny
yeah okay I'm downloading Oregon Trail I
mean this might take a while I'm sure
it's a giant game Jack which did you
spend less time playing AVGN or alien
well obviously AVGN like played a lot of
alien yeah it on my steam it says I've
only played 11 hours of alien which is
true on Steam but then we finished
playing on the ps4 so that's why I keep
see a every once in a while people
saying that I didn't play enough Valen
but we finished playing on the ps4
I started playing on Steam and we
finished on the ps4 for full disclosure
it's got what 18 missions right um no we
got to the start of mission 18 and said
fucking yep yeah absolutely
okay there we go Oregon Trail yes you
can run alright here we go here and
properties will be able to name people
by the way oh I will be able to we will
be able to yes oh that's great okay oh
Jesus
and I played it on normal hmm it seems a
little bit easy
oh no I I might consider starting at one
of the harder ones Oh hold on it's gonna
get loud absolutely
musics appropriate I like the music yes
Oh turning the music down here we go
okay campaign mode Oregon Trail director
Scott this is really funny so what you
tried it on normal yeah well this is my
first time playing so I'll play on
normal if you want okay my first time
playing a normal okay click that I feel
like I could have started on difficult
but do as you will
oh my god
click on the zombie I know the trigger
down and pull it towards yourself I'm
out of bullets I get it
well then it looks like I just saved
your bacon I reckon we stand a better
chance out there please stick together
my name is Clemens I used to be a priest
not much use for those nowadays what's
your name partner all right what's our
name Jatin whoo-hoo sure your name be
you or just wanted just pick names and
random here this is like the name of the
manor burger so if you want to just pick
something and then no I see a mr. shy
smile he's mr. shy smile so mr. shy
smile you're in charge mr. shy smile is
in charge hold on you I need I got to
put my controller away I need my actual
all right the pleasure's all mine mr.
Chas mile isn't even with the two of us
we won't survive very long everyone I
trusted died a while back
do you know anyone we could count on in
a pinch let's see here
I'm all radical let's a mall mall rat
Cole okay Edie Witten
was that it Edie we didn't okay and
that's see if this guy had a pizza roll
but there was a name I liked okay stop
scrolling okay Kirkman 1987 that guy
great and we need one more
hello Draco oh my god and not in time
sound guy man
not in time but some guy mad thank you
for subscribing we really do appreciate
it
perhaps Oh Draco with a C perhaps on our
next mission
are these the correct names mm-hmm
there's a good chance if they're still
alive they will be at the shelter set up
in DC if they have any sense that is
we're gonna need a way to get around oh
Jesus
and I love Russia too much thanks for
subscribing and great name let's see
we're gonna need a way to get around
that's on old station wagon a few blocks
back those things might not be very
reliable but you'd be surprised that
Ruby they are anyway let's get moving
okay here we go
they want you to read it in French are
you like a freshman French accent better
I think so okay station wagon alright I
think we've gotta just enough fuel and
food for us to make it to the DC in this
baby let's hit the road
I'll Drive it's a terrible accent
all right here we go Clemens has a
broken arm what goddamnit Clemens oh
Jesus Clements was bitten by a zombie
well get let's kill him and you are out
of fuel okay
just as the station wagon runs out of
fuel you coast into the city you can
hear a radio blaring in a nearby window
repeat all survivors who still remain in
Washington DC the government has
declared a class three biohazard in the
area there will be commencing a nuclear
strike within a few short hours get out
while you can the city is lost it looks
a lekha
we have a problem we have a time problem
I'll go look for your friends at the
shelter meanwhile you should go
scavenging for supplies
I've heard all about the place and the
west coast that is supposed to be safe
haven from all the chaos the Chou's has
meet back here and head out you're
turning into a Latin Lover again my fee
I think I might be turning into Italian
like okay let's see here pick the
supplies you want to gather these are
your starting supplies so what you pick
more of you get more of right right ammo
and food is a big one med kit med kit
and tire
okay the tire the muffler and the
battery it's probably a good idea to
have at least one of each of those well
you know what you pick all of this I
will not backseat game em I will not
back seat it don't you fuckin backseat
gave me a wrench I got this alright
alright okay here we go here we go your
friends join the party alright the great
everyone's here
there's just one more thing back there
on the road oh one of those things a bit
me
I'm already not feeling too well and I
can't stand the thought of becoming one
of them you're gonna have to put them it
down why don't you keep my journal
it may help you out there good luck how
adorable does not have the discipline to
not backseat this game alright
twenty two hundred and thirty miles to
Pittsburgh let's go you hit a deer that
jumps out in front of the car
great oh and you can even like stop and
scavenge for supplies any time oh hey
opto see thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it I'm stopping some
food went bad
oh my god I could kill someone yeah
that's any time I believe that's great
I've not done it yet but talk to
stranger getting bit isn't the end for
you some folk out there will kill anyone
that's been scratched by one of them old
Zed heads oh great well let's mmm let's
get out of here let's move on
nothing's happening nothing's happened
kill them all zombie tries to attack
Kirkman 1987 but gets a handful of five
scrap instead
what's scrap uh you use that to fix your
car Oh breaking down your car has a
health bar right oh there's jobs you can
Oh recovery a crate fell back what rich
worried that your I'm losing you it
sounds like disconnected from you yeah
hello yeah now you're back and now
you're back
hello yeah I couldn't hear ya yeah Jack
rich rich your Internet's down okay okay
now you back you some some bad some bad
you sound bad as well do Anna hang up
and call again I don't know if I just
disconnect and recall yeah do that
I hung up on him
I mean I'm gonna obviously I'm gonna go
defense we're gonna fight some zombies
right pull back to aim release tissue
don't let the zombies get to you
this is pretty fun hey rich hey it
worked
I'm fighting zombies rich for money this
might be the most fun I've ever had this
is great I'm I'm kind of loving this I
think I love it really is I'm not doing
terribly well shit
shit
I survived the attack yes I did it I did
it
can you guys hear rich now oh not again
oh you know what I need to do anyway I
need to update this dream
hey iron $34 where it's quiet again okay
hold on hold on everybody
organ trail director's cut all right I'm
stopping the stream and starting it
again
dick neutral says what do dollars matter
in an apocalypse and I agree with you
some privates that's my major problem
with this game too many people are
willing to accept money for anything um
it should have been food because then
you'd have to think hard about whether
or not you want to give up food and food
should be harder to come by it makes
sense like there still needs to be some
sort of like currency exchange oh shit
are you finding the lost thing damn it
oh I tried I died okay I did I didn't
die I just didn't make it okay you lose
health oh so you got to be careful about
that right uh let's see what we need
here I don't know do we need anything I
don't know just your supplies er I'll go
to the auto shop and that's in the town
there are special upgrades you can get
for your car that have different effects
No okay I guess you should just I just
want you to know that that's something
you goodbye I don't they have anything
good or anything worth buying but a soup
our last muffler less likely for muffler
to break I don't have a muffler in
general so yeah I suppose some towns
have like I figure what they call our
combat master guy and you can you can
get like combat II type upgrades sure
sure
goodbye a fuel why not I'm not I am not
backseat gaming I am just explaining
that game works
big difference big difference sell scrap
oh all right I'm gonna go into the next
time I'm gonna see what happens okay
okay you must cross a horde of zombies
in order to continue on this road the
Horde is in front of you and currently
large in size and appears to be docile
horde size large dasu wait to see if
horde dispenses break out guns and clear
path or attempt to sneak through I'm
gonna wait and see if horde it dispenses
okay oh hey that works oh no no it
didn't horde size is now massive and
they are now ravenous so let's break out
guns and clear path Jesus Christ
I'm not your party oh man I was overrun
and lost the fuel well let's move on
oh no I lost an hour bickering with
hello Draco hello he's son of a bitch
sparks shoot out the back of your
muffler it's dragging on the road time
to replace it a kid wanders by trick or
treat you give him for fuel
this game isn't Halloween mode like the
Angry Video Game Nerd one was that's why
some of the plum the zombies have
pumpkins on their heads yeah but I don't
want to give a kid feel know if someone
farted rich someone farted the car stops
and it said someone farted there's a
fart joke in the game and I kind of love
that off we go
off we go Oh another towns come up I
think I can't damn it you can click on
this stat screen cuz ever as as time
goes by mm-hmm food is dwindling and
you're on fire Mike dwindling and health
is dwindling all right so you know
you're moving food is being consumed
sure
oh no we're good with food we have uh we
have a ton of food med kits ammos good
tires
we could probably need another muffler
um oh I can scavenge yeah oh okay great
scavenge at any time yeah oh I got
something this is just in this one
screener Oh
see what's going on so there's a big
pumpkin oh that's that's food that's you
collect pump that great those are the
things you scavenge they pop up sure
dodging zombies oh okay well I got some
food great okay
Oh combat training you can learn new
combat techniques for scavenging in
small towns at the combat drain oh oh
okay I get it
Oh combat trainer okay here we go a
grizzled stranger beckons you to in a
dark corner Oh a chance not to use a
bullet when you fire yeah I want that
how do you do that cost $80 is that what
it says that's what I'm not looking at
it right now because I'm watching it
away but I'm assuming it says 80 oh geez
I want that you can you can sell things
for money and it's Gavin uh no thanks
just don't die because if you die the
game ends
sure I'm sure I believe that you can
lose people in your party just fine but
if you die it's game over not and yes if
you haven't noticed the the character
model is definitely Sean from Sean of a
deck the other characters are this one
I'm not sure who they are but two of
them are definitely characters from
zombie land AB Woody Harrelson and not
Michael Sena but the other one mm-hmm
the one that's like Michael sent up
I look for this damn thing now how come
the ones with no legs are the fastest I
made it
I earned $15 that's not enough yeah I'm
here why are you here okay Jesse Isaac
internet my internet isn't this poor
right
jesse eisenberg by the way is who you're
thinking of alright I gotta get out of
here and although I want that combat
trainer no it's not worth it it's not
worth it you're cutting out on me I know
I don't know how clear I'm coming in but
you are cutting out I might be dead
no you're here it might be completely
dead right now yeah you're here can you
hear me I can hear you cutting in and
out sure uh yeah that your internet
might be fucked i it's not even worth
talking jack like okay I was like that
day well well here's what you do right
they hang up on me and then call me back
in like five minutes
what's happen like yeah okay after
through there what there's a problem
with the call great yeah yeah rich just
hung up on me
what happened no no okay
he's dead you question the edibility of
some of your food and toss it to be safe
cut damn it
Indianapolis okay let's keep going let's
keep going everybody who auto shop we
need a muffler
we need a muffler buy upgrade supe our
last tires right oh I only have one
dollar shit jobs trouble sleeping and I
keep seeing moving outside five dollars
really rich Evans is on dial-up yes
um terrible I'm a terrible shot I am
just a tear oh here we go I'm getting it
come on shoot shoot this guy has a
birthday add-on okay I'm doing this this
is super spooky yeah I survived the deck
I got money I earned $14 this bit he's
only giving me $5 though
what a fucked up the mouse's
okay here we go here we go zombie
attacks
also keep in mind remember I'm doing
this on a trackpad because I'm a Mac
user and a terrible person in general so
I'm doing this on a trackpad which is
very difficult I'm not using a real
mouse because they don't even realize
there's a ready deck I did it this is
probably the best I can ever do it's
probably true
I earned $5.00 though so I'm gonna take
that can I get my um upgrade no no I
can't okay fine car oh I could do some
repairs repairs uh yeah let's repair
okay great
there's my money leave
let's go let's actually stop
oh hello Draco make small talk great
thanks hello Draco Tony's less than
forty nine yeah yeah I know
um I might kill someone no I won't kill
anyone
dr. strange here great would you like to
rest let's rest two hours rest or an
arrest gain some health back yeah
everyone get out
oh okay rest again hello Draco makes it
pass at me that's funny
hello Draco sits uncomfortably close to
me your homage one medkit half a body at
the side of the road oh that's good I
like that
get a med kit you find some roadkill
it's probably safe to eat all right all
right feet rich Evan say he'll call back
when is internet gets better their car
gets stuck in a pile of
trick-or-treaters you replace it from
supplies oh wait I replace
trick-or-treaters from supplies tweets
can I tweet no no I can't know that just
now I'm getting out of here so it's
raining heavily you will have to drive
more slowly
rich rich you did it nobody died yet
mm-hmm
I have I have no money I can sell things
right I don't necessarily want to submit
selfing oh wait wait this gives me nine
fuel difficulty is suicide though I
can't do that there's a group of hostile
folks who have holed up in a nearby
building I think they need to take over
difficulty is suicide but payment is
9:00 fuel Andy's quiet again Jesus
Christ right it is what it is um you
know what I really need to do here hold
on for a second hold on for saying guys
use what's really gonna happen Aimee
second here I go into settings I gotta
go into do it did it to do disconnect
okay now I feel comfortable I'm gonna
stop the stream and start

[Part IV]
starting stream again we're back yay mmm
I pushed all the buttons what I was
really doing as I was telling rich is I
was disconnecting our Twitter our
previously recorded Twitter so we're not
constantly just tweeting every time we
restart um and that's thing okay so I'm
not gonna go take care of those bandits
cuz I'm just not a good shot what can I
sell I have a ton of food but there's no
then will give me a lot of money but I
have a ton of food that's a ton of
that's a ton of fuel but okay okay it's
not a fuel for the payment for that job
yeah nice yeah yeah I mean it is it is
you think I should be able to try what's
your health uh-huh take a look go to
your party already yeah I'm pretty good
all right you know what fine fine let's
do it okay Lindsey yo-yo says jack is
smart
and I was shot goddammit rich it was
right there now I gotta sell some shit
get out of here
sell some med kits I what it don't count
bat trainer can I get any of this 80
bucks no no we don't not that what do we
need here we gonna button now we don't
need any of that
done get out of here get out of here
party medkit using that kid Lindsey oh
yo says don't listen to rich ever again
no never again
I'm never gonna wrap this in the rich
again all right I'm getting out of here
a bike gang follows you out of the
settlement
oh yeah cuz I shot at them of course use
WASD D or arrow keys to move bandits
will try to pull you up next to them and
shoot crash into them to knock them off
their bike okay
oh hey we have a subsonic old thank you
person again
surly troll thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
oh this is a fun little minigame yeah I
mean you know it's not nothing much
chewy just knock people off their legs
but I'll take it
how many bikers are in this damn biker
gang there's so many bikers apparently
they were the only people to survive the
apocalypse
well they had bikes all right moving to
Chicago let's go
Oh a bandit steals 10 ammo dam bandits
if I had that ammo why didn't I shoot
him that's my question
yeah yeah whoo you find some roadkill
it's probably safe to eat
yeah the sky clears up it's no longer
raining a gas can fell off the car and
spilled come on come on car but we did
get roadkill
I did who I find an upgrade to your car
in an abandoned garage
what's the upgrade and it doesn't say
you'll have to you have to stop and take
a look at your car sure all right we've
made it to Chicago hi Oh what what did
we get here upgrades
oh we got a soup our last battery less
likely for the battery to die and we got
chainsaw windows automatically succeeds
in fighting through hordes that's great
that's great let's I think we need to
repair some of the station wagon here
you scrapped or repair your station
wagon let's use to scrap all right we're
repairing the station wagon great
yes repairs successful 12 to 32 percent
chance of success and you nailed that
20% you know what I didn't even see this
percent the more scrap you use the
higher your chances oh I didn't see that
yeah how funny I'm just lucky I guess
you are very lucky
hey it down let's see what we have here
whoo defense no no more suicide
difficulty I was lucky to get out alive
and I dropped something precious in a
horde of zombies okay Oh both of them
are suicide difficulty cut dammit
somebody Chicago wasn't safe before the
zombie apocalypse
you know that means this is this a
fucking sting right there yeah what do
we got here
what's the upgrade they got here rain
tires no slowdown during rainstorms fuck
that I don't need that I don't need that
I'm just gonna get out of here okay I'm
just gonna say fuck it let's get out of
here okay
all right I find a pillowcase full of
candy next to a pile of organs yay
candy that counts as food candy yes yeah
I'm counting him I really do like this
music this is a good soundtrack yeah
it's great great zombie using oh no I
discovered that one of my gas tanks is
filled with water okay here we go
Oh No Kirkman 1987 breaks a rib
oh yeah he's those potholes damn it
yeah we're here at the remote Shack
which looks nothing like the Evil Dead
you'll see that in a second
med kids have a chance to appear okay
well first thing we need to do hold on
first thing we need to do is med kit up
Kirkman Jesus Christ I'm not gonna you
can't rest your party - and that will
also increase their health I'm not okay
I'm not ready to kill anyone yet we're
gonna arrest them for three hours okay
almost lost Kirkman I almost lost
Kirkland but on alright great they're
all rested back to the town here what
are the jobs a crate fell out and this
is just dangerous I'm gonna give this a
try cuz it's just dangerous find me a
crate what the zombie apocalypse improve
Detroit gooo I'm sure it's a fine City
shit shit shit oh god I suck oh I hated
those you have to shoot them all I know
I was running I just for some in my head
those Crowley zombies aren't as fast as
other zombies but they're actually the
faster ones I think so yes and so it got
me okay and kami um what do they have
here they have scrapped their food their
fuel
what's my fuel like supply I have seven
point five a few I don't know what that
means
what's what's your ammo two ammo is 73 I
think that's good I have in a way I have
more than enough food and med kits are
fine like I said it's like I always want
to sell something because they have a
they have a combat trainer that gives
you the ability to have fine med kits
but I'm not too worried about it what's
the chat saying somebody was asking what
the name of this game was it's the organ
trail haha to get it yep see hey do you
guys get it
alright I'm getting out of here oh no
you suddenly find yourself surrounded by
zombies well you know I think that's
what the chainsaws are for yeah I think
Oh nobody for some reason I got out of
my car with the chainsaw windows and I'm
just shooting them that's a dog
surrounded okay that's different than
the Horde in front
all right shit shit shit shit
yeah the other thing I I mentioned to
the chat while you were how it is like
remember that I'm playing this with my
trackpad oh damn so it's like shooting
zombies is quite difficult fucked I did
it though I did it
well the trackpad I'm impressed
something catches your eye off the road
would you like to get out and
investigate yes yes I would some guy
comes up to you and hands you 100
bullets I don't need these anymore
before you can say anything he walks
into the distance all right got some
bullets that's really nice
he must have found a chainsaw he took a
chains off my windows yeah will you find
some roadkill it's probably safe to eat
all right here we go here we go here we
go you hear gunfire from nearby
buildings shit oh okay nothing happens
that's great something catches your eye
off the road would you like to get out
and investigate yes you see a shady
looking fellow with a game of cups set
up on the side of the road care to try
your luck no I'm not feeling
particularly lucky you know what never
play those games people never oh we've
made it to st. Louis jobs
Scott Damon I dropped something and it's
just one med kit I don't care about your
jobs auto shop oh those are terrible
Chet stop backseat gaming jac why what
are they saying I'm not I'm not talking
don't tell me don't tell me
don't don't be a backseat gamer let's
repair
okay we repaired the car that's nice
herion supplies fuel scrap food is fine
it was fine
I have combat training no I don't have
any great all right let's get out of
here
we got this we got it you check the job
or the jobs I'm just they they were they
we had no good
I checked the job one was a suicide
difficulty and the other one only gave
me one med kit and I was like I don't
need one med kit I you must cross a
horde of zombies in order to continue on
the road the Horde in front of you is
currently small in size but appears to
be agitated but I can automatically
fight through does it actually give you
an option that says that I'm yeah it
does
Oh neat because I have chainsaw windows
remember yes I didn't your chainsaw
windows kept the Horde at bay hooray
alright 168 miles to the cave ed Witten
is dicking with 41 ammo and accidentally
ruins it ed Witten you fuck and stop
dicking with Miami Hall you're stooping
to ammo no oh my battery broke but I was
able to replace it from supplies great
this guy clears up great
all right apparently I'm not able to
stop for some reason which is fine a
heavy fog rolls in you are forced to
drive more slowly oh we've made it to
the cave jobs a crate fell out this is a
dangerous but $28 let me win a combat
trainer 5% faster move that is really
worth it 80 bucks though I want I walk
that you can sell things I think I will
actually sell things what am I gonna
sell here sell some med kits
because I can always buy it back because
if I if I'm a better fighter if I can
move faster I can get more of these jobs
wait and I have $55 so I think if I do
this job all right let's go chit chat
take it take it easy on poor mr. ed
wooden okay it wasn't his fault I he
what Eames dicking around that he was
dicking around with the a moorage and he
shouldn't have been dicking around with
the ammo
okay okay I'm just running shit
shit shit why do you even stop to shoot
that zombie Jack why didn't you do that
because I'm a dumb dumb man rich hold on
I'm gonna leave them all away I can do
this I can do this okay I got this I did
it and I got faster moving great great
good good job okay I feel good about
that all right let's get out of here all
right let's go a party let's move let's
rest everybody up a little bit
she had a saying epic manoeuvre yes yes
it was
alright let's rest everybody out for a
couple hours how come I don't heal for
arresting and make it more difficult I
guess it's not entirely sure med kits
though yeah I need a med kit I need a
med kit all right I have one med kit
left but now I'm faster so I can get
more of these jobs let's go right
station wagons gonna fall apart
that's okay oh god hello Draco has
measles well it was foggy out and so you
get measles in the fog I guess goddamnit
hello Draco it starts raining heavily
you'll have to drive more slowly right
listen if hello Draco gets too sick I'm
just shooting him
a tire dies but you replace it from
supplies broke down cars block the road
navigate the de breeze takes an hour
come on this guy clears up that's great
come on
a bandit steals one muffler I didn't
even have an extra muffler I didn't
think whatever I'm in Memphis I'm in
Memphis job's bandits there's a gang of
bandits who have been terrorizing it a
little settlement get rid of them no for
one battery I don't know let's see here
there's a head there's a massive a herd
of the undead coming towards town hired
guns needed now that just pays in food I
have food I have food what I need is
repairs and I don't have money for
repairs so I need to it doesn't matter
what the upgrade is I mean repairs I
need car repairs shit oh I need food
actually you can always you can always
scavenge don't forget about scavenging
can I yeah how do you scavenge go to
supply ok oh my god you're right okay
that's scavenge
oh and now I'm faster now a faster
movement
what is that
first thing you see was scrap right and
then it says candy I get it now yeah
it's a candy bar han yeah I'm just gonna
leave these guys on the chaise cuz good
I just go until I get bitten I know you
gonna time runs on don't get bitten you
lose health I'm just gonna leave these
guys on a chase oh I found 15 scrap
great big candy down there yeah I missed
it okay okay
trade I can trade oh I encounter no one
whatever a passerby wants 12 of your
dollars for one of their tires
yes two trades waiting can I not give
them oh okay well no because I don't
have it
oh okay you meet someone who will spare
one of their mufflers for six of your
scrap yes trade you one of their
mufflers for three verse crap no counter
no one else okay done alright let's go
now to town and see if I can sell
I needed repairs wait what do I need for
repairs yeah well straight out scrap you
can also try and do a trade your I mean
repair yourself or you get you can sell
scrap for money too yeah well that's
what I was like I've done and I need $33
and selling the scrap won't do it for me
so okay so I need to go to car and go to
repair myself yes because I have plenty
of scrap
alright I'm gonna I'm gonna gamble a
little bit of you seven scramp to get a
77 chance 77% chance of success here we
go
time passes attempting repairs
successful hooray
great done let's get out of here okay a
bike gang follows you out of the
settlement yay another one of these
these are fun get out of here bike plan
these are fun that sounds a little
annoying now you know this was
definitely yeah definitely worth two
dollars oh sure yeah no this is new this
is a neat game it's cuz it's Oregon
Trail those zombies yes
get out of here bike your gang you got
nothing again nothing I survived the
attack 196 miles to the prison why can't
I stop anymore that's weird
oh oh I did stop okay
let's scavenge candy oh no a boss fight
what it's a Frankenstein monster okay
and it got me yeah okay it was a big
Frankenstein monsters sometimes those
pop up that I did I did not know that
talk to a stranger but I'm Creighton
great well shit I only have one med kit
left I'm gonna use it on my son mr. Shaw
smile cuz then we need him let's go
let's do it let's keep movin keep movin
ed Witten ate too much candy and got an
upset tummy ed Whitman's first you're
fuckin around with my bullets and now
you ate too much candy I am gonna kill
you I'm gonna kill you you could that's
an option you know but now hello Draco
was holding the map upside down and I go
an hour out of my way although this time
we're stopping I might kill someone I
might kill ed Witten
you're worried about an infected
survivor turning and causing harm to the
rest of your party you can put them down
in fact it's not received only become
zombies when they're out of health is
saying in the chat I am deeply sorry
jack and went he he's now ed Witten
fucking ate all my candy he's gonna put
not to it you're on watch your fuckin
fucking watch uh alright now I am gonna
go scavenge and see if I can get some
shit this time oh good I found some
candy ed Witten survives the day because
I found some goddamn candy I'm some
scrap ed Witten is on official watch is
what I'm saying
shit
hey I found some food and some scrap
everything's great alright let's get
back to it
trade can't trade hello Draco oh hello
Draco no longer has measles that's great
that's super great he met someone who
will spare one of their tyres for one of
your med kits but I don't have a med kit
well let's get out of here okay
everybody's fine now everyone's in the
green I had to talk with ed Witte and
he's not gonna eat any more fucking
candy or else I'm gonna shoot him you
find some roadkill it's probably safety
that's great
that makes it better ed Witten goddamn
it I hit a deer my station wagon is in
desperate need of repairs okay we're at
the prison which is certainly not a
Walking Dead reference combat trainer
body armor that's pretty nice all right
I had car repair
oh I have 35 scrap we're gonna repair
the shit out of this car
we got a record this guy attempting
repairs we're very successful and then
let's do it again
attempting repairs repair successful all
right now I feel comfortable driving set
pace
what's then let's set pace rich oh you
can change how fast you drive oh okay
you drive slower your car takes less
damage but you know takes you longer to
get to the end of the road hmm so you
use it more food and whatnot and the
faster you go the more likely they are
to fuck up your car
oh okay I can sell sauce crab you can
also change like food rations
cancel cancel what can i buy again
nothing I'm getting out of here I'm
getting out of here this town sucks
no let's rest let's rest everybody for a
couple hours three hours rests that's a
long drive faster is Ed Witten talking
in the chat no everybody's talking shit
about what he actually said is he says I
leave the stream for 15 minutes and this
is what happens to my reputation yep
and I'm gonna scavenge again that seems
that seems to be working out yeah ooh
candy scavenging is a fine thing oh shit
activity huh hi
at mall rat Calvo he's he's been quiet
as a mouse
hey listen fuck that one well I can't
see your names but you know hello Draco
and ed Witten there they're doing shit
left and right yeah whistles eatin candy
yeah wait how did I do
did I die no I'm fine all right let's
get out of here 330 miles to hospital
come on come on
Oh Kirkman 8 1987 ate too much candy oh
god damn you Kirkman we've been over
this with Ed wit
maybe I wasn't making myself clear did
you not learn a lesson when I was waving
my gun at ed Witten did you not learn
that I do not tolerate people eating my
candy like that this turning on each
other
Kirkman 1987 no longer aid too much
candy you need to work together
alright the next person to eat too much
candy mm-hmm oh it's a - shit bullets in
the head
absolutely absolutely by the way
damn it I need a tire I don't have a
tire
I have to wait until someone has a
goddamn tire oh you're out of tires damn
that's not good
a passerby wants 47 of my food for four
of their scrap no I need a tire
a passerby wants one of your fuels for
one of their mufflers no oh my god
you're almost out of gas I know the guy
the last four stops have had no gas by
the way oh my god
yeah for four of their scrap five my
dollars honey uh yes listen I'm here I'm
trading I'm here and I'm trading a
passerby wants 26 severe food for one of
their tires
yes see if anyone has any fuel survivor
has one of their tires offer 78 wait
that's one of their tire suffer first no
no wants one of their toes for 31 over
your ammo and no let's try one more
we're gonna wait for one more thing and
see if we get some fuel okay oh my
gotten all right let's go let's go back
to or you know well let's try scavenging
see if we can scavenge something got
some candy
scrapp that's good oh shit I missed a
shot
come here come this way I'm leading yet
I'm leading yet
come this way it's okay come this way
shit shit just leading the zombie parade
here it's no big deal
no that's the way you do it jack that's
smart way yep all right let's get back
to it oh I have so much scrap I'm gonna
run out of fuel though like now yes you
are
yep no way you swerve to mrs. squirrel
and get stuck in a ditch
what does that mean all right at least
nobody ate your candy the muffler falls
off the station wagon you replace it
with supplies great I'm now out of
mufflers ooh I think we're gonna make it
to the hospital though we might make it
to the hospital okay okay
the only water you can find is sludge
from a runoff drain you reluctantly
drink it that's a terrible idea
oh we made it to the hospital all right
great bye of course they don't have any
fuel no one has any fuel can you trade
for some there let's see here hold on
I'm having some trouble sleeping oh well
done job I get some food for a job
all right here we go
come on missing every shot
missing every shot shit missing every
shot come on trackpad it's it's gonna
fill you it's good I got this
oh I so got this I survived the attack
all right I got it
all right how much ammo did that cost
you can't be good
I mean I'm I'm probably very fucked I
guess I don't know where's my supply
it's old on ammo no I have 78 ammo I'm
fine okay okay have good ammo good food
and good scrap but I have very little
fuel let's see if we can trade some
people 44 of their ammo for six of your
scrap yes a stranger's willing to trade
you one of their mufflers for one of
your batteries no one tire two of your
med kits no see if we wash it we need to
rest everybody else so they're kind of
fucked there let's rest all right party
let's rest
for hours everybody get healthy help up
help up everybody
point five fuels I know and there's no
fuel here you can't get to the next town
on that I know but no one hears tradin
all right I mean all right all right
oh shit I need to repair to can't damn
it god damn car my god damn car rich
somebody's asking why you need a muffler
you you want every zombie in in
Cleveland to come to your yeah you most
certainly need a muffler that's like the
most important part of that car right
now absolutely the whole fucking zombie
horseman um I will try one more trade
attempt here I could also use a med kit
because mr. shy smile is he's not
feeling too hot right now
you're right Manny if if the car runs
out of gas
Eddie Drake I'll have to push yes all
right well we got a tire out of the deal
we got a tire out of the trades all
right here we go
the grimmest scenery depresses everyone
well I'm sorry that we don't have
anything pretty to look at you goddamn
ingrates
oh here we go you are out of fuel try
trading for more they meet someone who
will spare four of their fuel for 12 of
your dollars fuck yeah
that's a dumbass that is a dumbass take
this money that's useless see what else
we can get here I encounter no one all
right let's get back on there here let's
scavenge in exchange for the most
valuable resource you have yeah okay
okay I think the game was just going
easy on you
I appreciate that game yeah yeah shit I
got myself in a corner here shit shit
ah damn it god damn it I don't have any
med kits and I'm pretty somebody injured
yeah mr. Shaw I smile is pretty close to
death okay that's okay
Jesus check do you ever read sometimes I
read you found 79 food in an abandoned
car all right that's pretty good all
right pretty happy at then mall rat Cal
is dicking with one fuel a fuel Oh Julia
Moll radical just accidentally ruined a
fuel he was dicking around with it
Oh knew all of you all of you assholes
all of you are assholes that was his
strength
there should be a big-ass strike though
because that was fucking fuel that was
fucking fuel man and and you're gonna
get us all killed
oh hey I discover three fuel near the
graveyard
we just stopped - so he's lucky we found
oh hey hello Draco wandered off and
can't be found he's gone he's gone
hello Trek oh oh oh no we lost you hello
Draco you just left sorry
peace out nothing I can do about that
they're gone now
the be honest jack you charmed it like
like ten minutes later there was a loud
noise I mean you walked back to the car
I know and the Draco
could have been anything could have been
anything
oh we have lots of stuff here med kit
need a med kit damn it I need a med kit
wants to be it doesn't work that way
what can I sell what do I have to sell I
subscribed I can sell scrap
damnit
with a jobs job sucked
what would bandits suicide difficulty
and defense there's a large number of
zombies just outside defense gives me
two batteries bandits gives me six fuel
but I can't take out the bandits I'm
just not like and I'm not that good a
shot okay okay so the jobs suck suicide
suicide yes I guess with a trackpad yeah
alright this is the real thing I have to
have to sell some stuff here I can't
sell my ammo sell the rest of my scrap I
need a little bit more so I can buy a
medkit to give my guy
how much is my fuel worth spike 1382
says medkit first you madman yeah I know
I'm just I have to sell stuff to get the
medkit guy medkits r32 ok here we go I
can sell one fuel I'll have to sell one
fuel don't I have to to get a med kit no
I already did it
oh no I already did it rich there's
nothing you can do oh yeah before I've
never played a game before you know that
ok you know that about me I'm no good at
playing games there we go here we go
here we go
every one of the chat is saying no so
food listen I made the decision and I
stick with it what is that I want that
yeah I think the chats right hello Drake
I've decided he'd be better off on us
hope yeah that's probably true that's
probably true there's nothing I can do
about that
um I got nothing i got nothing let's get
out of here all right well what so how's
my cat's fine
let's leave let's get out here you must
cross a horde of zombies but I can
automatically fight through you can sell
people who may be eating candy can I
sell people if I could sell a person I
would have already you cannot sell
people or else I absolutely would have
done that by now all right come on they
want a pane of rich Evans trying to back
Kirkman 1987 breaks a rib he's a Kirkman
1987 is looking like he might need my
Jay soon and guess what Kirkman there's
nothing I can do about that
it's just nothing I can help you with I
have no med kit I could probably rest
but fuck that
do you think you see something going on
in the distance will you get out of your
car to investigate yes yes a well
there's a car by the side of the road
you spot a woman under the car tinkering
around whomever is out there do you
think you could pass me a hammer from
the toolbox and back she doesn't seem
too concerned with your sudden
appearance you spot an upgrade you could
use for your car in the back steal the
car upgrade and get her a hammer you
grab the car part before you get her the
camera thank you kindly she scoots out
from under the car she is younger than
you would have thought hey if you've got
a little bit of scrap I'm a real whiz
with cars I can fix her up for you give
her this crap to fix the wagon what what
did you choose choose they give her a
hammer did you steal the part a steal
apart and give her a hammer okay okay
and now and then I and I offered to pay
her to fix up my car yeah oh I totally
screwed her over but I got a bunch of
great stuff and reward so I'm totally
okay with that hold on I want to see
what I got oh my god a sandstorm kid
picks up another sandstorm kept kind of
kip-up up the bubble why aren't I
stopping here we go oh my god my station
wagon is 100% fixed and I got I got rain
tires so I know it I don't slow down in
rainstorms anymore oh my god that's
great I totally screwed her over
you monster I feel fantastic about them
you monster it's true all right hold on
we're gonna rest a couple hours here so
Kirkman in 1987 doesn't die of dysentery
or whatever come on guys rest up
rest up everyone great all right
scavenge again shit activity hi
dammit
I'm gonna die I'm gonna die right here
running away
oh I want that big candy I want that big
candy oh no didn't get it didn't get it
it's too late for me
oh my god I'm oh my god I'm so close to
death rich yeah I'm so close to death
let's um we can trade let's see if we
can trade seven of your scrap one
muffler for seven scrap um yeah that
sounds great
see if we can let's see if we can wait
someone out oh my god we only have three
food left is this a real thing we're
gonna run out of food
no I yeah people are about to start
dying and now I have to scavenge for
more food I want to pay attention to the
zombie activity before you decide to
scavenge Oh is there a zombie activity
it sells you it was higher or lower
suicide or medium oh wait oh someone is
offering me 39 of their food for one of
my batteries yes you need a fucking
medic it's when you need I know
by the way sure shit
I think I'd true where's the zombie
activity oh it's high yeah we don't want
to do that now
alright fucking okay let's get back on
the road this guy clears up let's go yep
let's go back on the road mr. shy smile
has a sliver of health you suddenly find
yourself surrounded by zombies oh fuck
hello Draco saying I got while the
getting was good yeah hello Draco was
the smart one of the team he may be the
only person to survive well we assume
they survived yes
but your station wagons no station wagon
is in perfect health
oh no I got this and I got this rich I'm
getting fairly competent with firing
it's a little tricky I survived the
attack
okay shit let's go come on you find some
roadkill it's probably safe to eat come
on come on come on
I'm stopping a rumbling sound comes from
behind you what oh no there's motorcycle
gang that's fine we can deal with a
motorcycle gang oh my god what watch I'm
sorry rich I'm being chased by zombie
deer I can't see it yet but I know this
is insane
they're not like motorcycles don't hit
them I I didn't figure that out
I figured that out all by myself this is
insane this is insane
it keeps saying it also keeps flashing
boss fight which freaks me the fuck out
okay I survived god damn it we have to
stop let's see if we can trade someone
you meet someone willing to spare one of
their tyres for five of your scrap no I
have two tires come on people I need a
med kit I need a med kit who's got a med
kit who's got a med kit I need a med kit
go go go
as one of their tires for fire no get
out of here I keep giving you tires I am
offering them that's terrible
two of my scrap for one of my tires um
no cut damn it I got okay back on the
road back on the road I can't scavenge
anymore else I'm gonna die yes
don't you scavenge I'm not I'm not
scavenging I might Kirkman 1987 might
die
following a wake of vultures has led you
to food that's great okay okay
gives you some food you hear gunfire
from nearby buildings you try to drive
through a flooded street it doesn't work
well fuck Oh Kirk my 1980s having you're
really close to death but I think we're
gonna get to the bar in time we're
making it to a bar yes I mutation I am
watching the stream overt wish we made
it to the strip club
Oh mm oh god damn it
a $48 medkit what do I have to sell god
damn him there's a job it doesn't let
you sell car parts does it
nope no cuz there's a combat trainer oh
did you did you miss the joke on the
strip : a strip club picture oh I must
have why what was it by word says
topless dancers it was like there was
like a zombie stripper that was missing
its upper half nice just like a waist
and legs nice alright I have to do this
job what's the job it's a recovery job
so I just have to find a crate it's only
$24 I have to because you could because
here's the real thing rich I don't have
any fuel let's see if we can hide hold
on I'm gonna try to trade someone first
kirkman eighty nineteen eighty seven
you're gonna die I apologize that's the
battery for one of your mufflers no one
damnit yeah I gotta take this shop
alright good luck jack good luck kind of
take this job that gives me someone
closer I just run
I'm just running just running looking
for a crate needs to find a crate and
just running I'm faster than these
zombies just gonna run to find a crate
run and find a crate can I do it can I
do it can I do it can I do it $24 great
yeah so now I need that fuel because I
don't have any fuel either goddamn it I
can buy the fuel if you find that med
kit you helped to have a little bit of a
safety blanket while you scavenge for
things to sell
that's possibility yeah but I can't
afford the med kit yet I need to sell
something to get the med kit
hello I miss out on my scrap see if that
gets me closer 47 I need one more dollar
rich dollar
I got to sell some ammo then
okay now I can buy the medkit the the
main the character people saying to rest
I don't believe the health regenerates
for the player-character no no it does
not yeah okay med kit done now I can
rest the everyone else
Kirkman 1987 might not die but I'm just
I might just kill them because I don't
have any more food left
all right rest up everyone all right
done all right now I'm out of food so
let's see if we can I don't even have
anything to trade I need to scavenge God
a minute oh here here's some candy
Oh activities lo zombie activity is low
this is good okay getting some candy Oh
big thing you can do big thing a candy
that's some food
the Chet has a point we couldn't kill
any perfect I mean yeah I might listen
killing anyone is not out of the
question you know they would eat less
food yeah
okay good I did it I have I now have
tons of food okay I have no fuel
which is the tough part let's see if I
can trade someone for fuel I might have
to kill Kirkman sorry Kirkman yeah I
think Kirkman was turning into a zombie
rich okay did you do it yeah it's really
weird it's weird I don't know I don't
know what was happening I'm pretty sure
he was turning into a zombie so I had to
put him down
Kirkman wants to be buried all right I
got some fool I got some fuel let's
leave
sorry Kirkman but you were turning into
a zombie ed Witten gets shot by a stray
bullet guess who's next it's not going
very well rich Jack the zombie
apocalypse is bringing out the worst in
you if well I'm a realist a military
blockade impedes your progress by an
hour that's fine alright here we go here
we go
Oh ed Witten you're not looking too
great there but you're still alive so
that's something
someone in a zombie costume bites ed
Witten wait no that was a real zombie
stop stop you have a you have a zombie
well someone bit ed Witten guess what
that means goodbye ed Witten I got an
achievement for that it's rich really
like that how easy that decision was for
me all right I'm now out of fuel left
his mat yep
do you think he'll make it nope okay the
only one left is me motherfucker huh I
also didn't check the zombie activity
before I decided to yeah eat I go
hunting and they was a high
the zombie activity was high hello Draco
says you're making my decision look
better and better hey I did it
jet you only have 18 ammo mm-hmm I'd be
careful about shooting any of those
lobbies I found a bunch of food okay so
that's something nobody loves to eat the
food
no me and mall oh yeah to their fuel yes
no to their med kits for 26 of my yes
god damn it you idiot
that's right I'm a fucking dragon steals
from nice ladies shoots all those party
members mm-hmm
this is a true zombie game yeah and I'm
winning
Jack Jack has become the monster hmm
yes I am The Walking Dead I made it to
Albuquerque though that's pretty good
it's pretty good too the jobs are
bandits bandits
this bandits everywhere rich medkits and
food and few IED fuel I don't have any
money
okay how am i doing here how am i doing
the car is looking pretty good parties
looking decent supplies not gonna get me
very far I need that fuel all right
what's this bet you also badly need ammo
oh sure what's this some well what is
the bandit one I don't understand the
bandit one well like it's the Bandit job
I don't know what it is there are a
couple of troublemakers who have been
stealing from us dispose of them that's
where you're shooting at the guys in the
windows okay
I failed really quickly at that one yes
you did so I don't want to do that do
they have feet do they have ammo they do
have ammo I don't have any I don't have
any money I can see that so I might need
to do the job to get the money to get
more ammo but then that uses my ammo so
I think I'm just gonna say fuck it see
if anyone wants to trade anything spare
one of their fuel for 20 of my food yes
18 of their dollars two of your fuel no
because I'm not an idiot all right see
if anyone else wants to trade then we're
out of this fucking town no and I get
out of here let's go
let's go let's go let's go sell food no
I need my food some fizzy because right
there some food when it goes bad
oh and and now a following some false
ruse has led me to some food and that's
great
a bandit shoots out one of your tires
you replace it from supplies great here
we go we're going we're going come on
come on the trusty station wagon
roadkill get some more food that's great
I can't wait to see how this all ends
right am i getting oh I guess I'm in
Albuquerque I'm pretty close where am I
going the west coast just the west coast
so I'm basically you're on across the
country yeah I don't remember what city
it is but there should be a map you can
look at somewhere rich but mall rat Cole
it was dicking around and lost one of my
med kits yeah that's a severe punishment
he also lost fuel yeah if I if I kill
him do I lose I don't know I've never
played this a little bit I haven't beat
it I've gotten to the end I won't kill
him yet how about that well you won't
kill me I won't kill him yet all right
we're here at the desert motel let's see
if we can do any shit over here what do
you got look mall that's possum it's a
possibility mall I'm just letting you
know that I know you're listening yeah
yeah yeah think about that okay so you
dig around with thanks zombie activity
is in a medium oh shit oh no rich what
happened I happen to accidentally click
the leave button damn it no I got a
biker gang
I didn't want to click the leave button
stupid biker gang get out of here dicks
quit being such dicks all the time yeah
I mean I'm gonna die I'm not gonna make
it for what
no I have nothing I don't have any ammo
to go scavenging I survived the attack
yay get the fuck out of here all right
here we go we keep going we keep gone
mall rat coat breaks a rib great he
probably did it dicking around with med
kits you are now out of fuel Moll
radical is now incapacitated by the way
oh really
which is something Oh a senior death
with food and starvation no he broke a
rib and that incapacitated Oh No
if only if only he wasn't fucking around
with my med kit if I rest will he maybe
he'll maybe he'll rest if I try I think
he's gonna revive him with a med kit
which means he would be costing you
another redken right let's see if I know
I'm all radical Morocco has died of
dysentery really yes I tried resting
it didn't work it's just me now just
just me now
I'm all alone no one to trade with I'm
all alone in the world
might as well scavenge oh shit zombie
activity by the way wasn't checking its
deadly ok so I'm pretty fucked
mm back um I'm really happy I got that
speed boost thing that seems to be very
much helping
shit shit damn it well whatever I got a
hundred ounces of food trade yeah less
than 20 ammo and you're shooting at
zombies I didn't shoot at any zombies
sorry shot in one zombie yeah you use
three bullets I'm watching you started
with 17 yeah you're 14 now Oh jack no
one's coming I don't have any fuel I'm
just I'm just slowly dying mr. shy smile
is slowly dying I won't be happy until
everyone is gone oh wait a passerby
wants seven of your scrap for one of
their tires
oh I don't apparently I don't have seven
scraps oh no one of those tyres for
eleven of your dollars I don't have any
money either so I keep waiting mr. shy
smiles just gonna die of starvation come
on I need some fuel save one bullet for
yourself thank you to Martha Washington
that's really funny that's all right
that's all you need is one ammo trade
three of their fuel for 19 of your
dollars but I don't have it
alright can you use the kill option on
yourself does it even give you that
option oh my god
I'm about to go check no you cannot use
it on yourself
yeah oh that would be that would be
great
agreed I have a bunch of food to trade
if anyone wants to trade me food for
fuel has four of their fuel for one of
my tires but I don't have any tires no
god dammit
ah come on food I have food take my food
once four of your scrap oh it doesn't
matter I don't have for scrap tween
scavenge jack god dammit I can't no I
can't oh wait no it's not be activities
now medium yes now I can scavenge okay
I couldn't scavenge before cuz zombie
activity was suicidal or whatever it was
after chasing rest and good health it
actually works I have never seen the
main character regenerate from wrestling
I've never seen him know the main
character does not regenerate health
unless you have to sleep for an insane
amount of time for it to happen I've
never seen
maybe if I like do a full rest
we'll try it you know we'll try it okay
I mean what can I do all right
great I found a whole bunch of money and
a few and food so yeah let's try resting
somebody else is confirming that the
leader cannot get a health by resting
okay great
then then that's true okay I mean I've
been watching okay I have some stuff to
trade now I've money I have food I
encountered no one to trade with yay
come on can I come I come I come I come
I come on someone someone someone I
encounter no one to trade right seems to
be fine you need fuel for I have plenty
of food it was not a activities low I'm
gonna scavenge again I have tons of
candy right now
just nothing oh shit it's a boss fight
Frankenstein or the dogs Frankenstein
okay I can run away from Frankenstein
or can i oh my god he's so close
oh he got me oh he got me got you got
you know game over got you
game over got me I'm answering an
epitaph there you go that's great though
ya know that was a really fun that was a
really fun game excellent excellent
choice rich excellent choice that was
much better than the AVGN game yeah that
was much better
