Nov 30, 2014
Spelunky, Papers Please, Wikipedia Wars
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43093416
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43093336
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43093072
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rc5SJlAu8qU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyWmxeAEbTM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWXc22QpswM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/539131255603085312
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/539245426416025600

[Part I]
it's quite possible that right at this
very moment we are streaming but as
always we like to wait until it actually
starts streaming before we say anything
to the contrary there are things to talk
about for sure oh Lord
there you know what there's everything
to talk about loading video over there
we go you know what there we go
oh my god right or was that that was a
ace a can of pop oh great I ever oh good
they can they can see us they can't see
us you're right and by the way you're
right we should we should absolutely
send out our inaugural tweet there are
some things we need to discuss and there
are some things we need to discuss but
first and foremost can everyone hear me
can everyone hear the game music can
everyone hear rich is my audio quiet is
my audio loud all the normal thing let's
wrap all that crap all that Craig yeah
so yeah rich you check to see if if they
can hear us all while I do our weekly
tweets rich sounds computery but I don't
think that's anything we can do anything
about I think that's a skype issue great
yeah yeah a little is it yeah a little
computer we should note I I've upped
through through some some strong-arm
tactics with my internet service
provider I have upped both my download
and upload speed which is something I'm
very excited about
so overall things should be smoother on
my end today I think I might need the
Internet if I'm going to stream I really
think you might Oh
I checked I checked my bitrate and it
was something like 0.48 she's really
it's really low for uploading Jesus
Christ hey machine gun
heavy thanks for subscribing we very
much appreciate it yes we will have to
we will have to get you better internet
but everyone everyone can hear us
despite the fact that I some digitally
so me and Jack have been talking about
having some more formal rules for the
the beach at right yeah you know for
like I guess to lead into it the the
Wednesday stream was really fun oh hold
on I'm finally getting this stream over
on my own now okay great okay so I have
to meet those ideas okay great the
Wednesday stream was really really fun
but we definitely noticed that the chat
got a little rowdy and especially near
the end there was a lot of
back-and-forth with the chat and with
the moderators and so yeah I guess it
had been a while since like we had laid
down official like rules or like general
like everyone be excellent to each other
kind of rules and so why don't we go
ahead and do that now rich you know it's
not gonna be like a totalitarian
government I mean it's pretty simple
AAB no no homophobia huh right no racism
it's pretty easy yeah it's pretty easy
um no racism right before we stream I
mean we're having a discussion like I
mean there are things we say hmmm and
I'm personally I don't know how I feel
about getting a rules against saying
things that we might say ourselves I
don't know about that
yeah I know we're talking about the word
retard right
right and a lot of people find the use
of that word offensive and yeah I know
but I also noticed that this is
something that I say occasionally
absolutely
absolutely and you know what describes
something is being retarded I do that I
have been guilty of doing the exact same
thing
I have also oh actually someone really
cooked what about ironic racism and
ironic homophobia if you use you know
what words were talking about if you use
those words you will get banned irony or
not the context is hard to pick out in
text yes you know and so just just avoid
it just avoid it yeah and someone is
saying no sexism as well please that'd
be great that would be great don't well
ends and this goes along with the whole
thing which is to me it's all about
don't
slur a group of people which is why you
know like I've seen in the chat there's
a little debate about the word retard
and all of our other rules are basically
just saying don't slur a group of people
for comedy sake or for not comedy sake
right and so for me and I know like like
you just said like for you I've used
that word and it is a word that I'm
trying not to use in general because I
know it's offensive to people and I know
it makes people feel bad so I am
actually trying not to use it it's it's
ingrained in me and like I I say things
you know but and so for me it's
understandable like if our mods want to
want to crack down on someone who's
using retard a lot I think it's okay
rich is is thinks like I think it's okay
for mods to crack down and rich thinks
that it's okay for people to say that
because it's something that we say right
yeah yeah and so it's it's just one of
those things where take note of what
you're saying and I like I think like
I'm gonna kind of trust in oxygen and
John kylo to to kind of look into that a
little bit more and if someone says it
specifically to someone else then then
yeah you know go ahead ban him
right definitely definitely if you're
calling somebody retarded yes yeah it's
just you know it's it is a tough
situation about like drawing the line
somewhere right because the things that
are offensive to some people are not
offensive to us and and vice versa and
so we're just trying to make sure that
the chat is a cool place because we like
chatting with you guys and our
moderators are there to help filter your
chat so we get some good questions so we
get some good interaction and so John
kilo and octave J are doing a good job
of that and so let's just be respectful
of the job they're doing in keeping this
entertaining another thing that I'm
gonna say is a no-no yeah is spam spam
if you're yeah basically if you're
asking the same question over and over
again I don't know to some degree you
want to make sure you your your chat has
been seen your your your comment has
been seen your question is out there but
if you do that for like an hour on end
stop doing it a lot of times we a lot of
times we don't answer those questions
because we don't have an interesting
answer right and like if you're gonna if
you're gonna ask me what I what I think
about the TV series Fawlty Towers and
you're gonna keep asking me all night I
might not be answering that question
because I haven't seen the show yeah and
you know we're trying to keep our
conversation going we're trying to keep
the questions interesting so yeah you
know no spam if you racism if you go
like oh yeah if you go like compass x
times if you like say five times if you
type the same thing five times we've
probably seen it and are choosing to
ignore it wait an hour try again yes
but that being said like you know again
octo J and John kylo are doing us a
favor by moderating you guys and so you
know just try to be cool to everyone
about everything and listen to them
because they are helping us out a great
deal another thing that I saw after we
went out of subscriber only mode on
Wednesday was a lot of people
complaining about subscriber only mode
and we need that because the chapters
like to click the chats going like too
quick for us to read it and and interact
with you guys there's no point in having
the chat at all
subscriber only mode helps us it doesn't
it's it's only done when the stream is
really getting crazy it's only you know
like subscriber the subscriber perks
what the fuck in deed Frederator thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it speaking of subscribers
you know what I'm looking at is the main
point of subscription is supporting us
there's not a ton of like physical
benefits you know you get the emoticons
we get supported which we very much
appreciate which means we can keep
creating more and so we want to make
sure that subscribers do get a perk so
when the chat goes nuts it's gonna go
and subscribe or only mode again I trust
our moderators to you know put that in
subscriber mode and take it out but when
necessary this is a thing this is a
thing so what what what is the the final
verdict gonna be an end on return this
is the one thing we should write right I
don't know I you know like I said I I
really was thinking that you and I would
be in agreement on this and so I you
know it's one of those things where we
agree on almost everything about this
about telling other people they can't
hmm
but that's not to say somebody in the
chat like abuse that and be a jerk about
it
call somebody retard whatever right
right that's the thing I I would I would
like for people not to use that word
rich is okay with it and so because we
can't come to a consensus it's it's
going to have to kind of be okay I guess
but here's the here's the role of that
rich and I can't agree on do not call
another person a retard yeah and you
know about that just because just
because we've kind of talked about it
now don't go overboard now yeah if
you're gonna if you're gonna repeat it
yeah for the sake of repeating it
because we've kind of been lenient on
that one right yeah or or like Don
Gately says just call someone stupid
that's yeah you know it's it's tough
it's it's a really tough call and
obviously it's so tough that rich and I
can't come to a consensus and so we're
gonna just ask everyone to be cool with
each other which I know is a really hard
thing
the only real rule should be don't be a
jerk that simple right don't be a jerk
wouldn't it be wouldn't wouldn't that be
great if just everyone was not a jerk oh
well so yeah I guess I guess that's
where we're gonna leave it which which
might not be might not be like a great
place to leave it cuz we're kind of
indecisive on it but you know well very
decisive on a few things
we're very decisive on a few things what
is this I mean I I have been reading
your chat while we are talking about
this and yes I see you guys
and go crazy oh now we're in slow mode
this is great that's good let's go yeah
because then we can actually read what
you're saying yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
let's see here
don't be a dick even if it's your
birthday there you go I'm gonna you know
what I'm gonna get started playing
that's what I'm that's what I'm really
gonna do here what what are you playing
I am starting off with a little spelunky
I had so much fun playing spelunky last
week that I wanted to do it again and so
I plan on it and I'm just gonna start
with smokey I'm just gonna try to get to
I'm just gonna try to get to Olmec I
didn't do that I didn't do that last
week and so that's gonna be my goal this
week so oh yeah and twitch plays Pokemon
subscribers should be exempt from slo-mo
and I believe I have that checked so if
you are a subscriber you should be
exempt from slow mode if not octo J make
that happen again
just a small perk of being a subscriber
you get exempt from some of this stuff
did you pick this up here rich yeah I
haven't played it washout but I did pick
it up I came up there's a longer story
tab which I guess it's I guess you'd
start with the new PC which for anyone
wondering about the new PC I have boxes
sitting in my office at this exact
moment at um we don't have all of them
yet no we are missing a couple of key
components here what are we missing
we're only missing one thing I want to
say we're missing the motherboard
so the motherboard I believe so I can't
even go now then right yeah right where
where the see this is where this is
where I'm going to start going into
spooky because I did mention that
earlier yeah okay god there is one of
our component missing
oh no what's then um I broke down on
Black Friday yeah
there was a deal on new egg uh-huh I
splurged and bought myself out of my own
pocket salt would stay dry
oh my god rich yes and that is on the
way that should be in Tuesday I think
it's the each day for delivery Oh My
lordy that's so exciting
hey also wait we had a I we had to want
the fuck come on you were talking l
Hawkeye thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it so much so that
just because he's subscribed and also on
Zack Peterson because you to subscribe
to rich bought a solid state hard drive
Oh
120 gigabytes Samsung Evo which I guess
is the the mid-tier Samsung solid-state
drive i I paid $59.99 for whoo that's
hot yep yeah it was a good a price I I
wanted one and I bought it and steam
sales are going on so I I I know I'm
getting a new computer and even though I
know the games on the ps3 I bought the
Arkham games cuz they're on sale five
five dollars each
because I I want to use that fancy
physics they have a PC version so I Irie
bought the Arkham games and I bought
some lucky hard drive and then another
$25 but but the problem with that is I
now have to make $5 last me a week
well I mean worth it right yeah it's
worth it unless you like eating yes
I'm wondering how long I can make my
package of hot dogs last right dogs
macaroni and milk I've got oh well I you
know who I'm sure is very excited about
this is the chat going going full solid
state has got to be putting them in a
tizzy
so congratulations rich you have forced
people to go into a tizzy I mean it's
not not like you don't do that every day
no matter what but I I splurged I did I
really do that
yeah I got yeah I gotta get this it's
the good price is too good I don't have
a great computer except for the hard
drive yes so I did it and now I'm like
oh god I can't believe I did it
what's what's done is done
congratulations rich I hope you and
yourselves that hard drive are happy
together
I hope oh I'll put it in and I'll be
like oh that's that's all the
performances oh that's not true yeah all
you're gonna be talking about is how
great your games load you don't
understand before it took me like like
45 seconds now they're loading in 10 or
15 seconds it's amazing it's like people
don't people always mention like the
times really good yeah I like a pure on
do you yeah oh why why not I don't know
power consumption over here I know I
don't think it consumes that much power
and I have never had a computer overheat
just cuz I left it on sure I don't know
like well and when you turn it off
doesn't the on and I'm about to either
sound really smart or make a horrible
mistake turning off your computer
doesn't that reset some RAM for better
performance ah is a thing that I heard
once and I believed it to be true I
guess it might not be but well I I don't
recall ever noticing something like that
happening but I blame or whatever I like
I mean when I got it when I go to sleep
I usually leave like a playboy sock
iTunes or LC oh do you yeah yeah all the
time
all the time I leave with white noise oh
okay a lot yeah well I think we all just
learned a little something about rich
Evans right now
people are very interested in your
sleeping habits I'm sure they're you
know people are interested in everything
we do it's true it's true
have you seen rich apparently there's
this movie coming out and it just
released a trailer recently have you is
that a Titanic - is that finally coming
out yeah yeah Titanic - just released a
it's more of a teaser trailer because it
doesn't come out for a while yeah yeah
people seem to be really excited about
it now did you see force awakens
Farrelly yeah yeah why why is everybody
bitching about it so much are they
bitching about it a lot of people are
really cuz oh I know I'm a dummy I had
somebody in steam you know they were
they weren't big a jerk or anything but
they they basically want to be to
validate their opinions like it's
terrible it's horrible please validate
my opinion rich Evans really yeah yeah
we had a perfectly polite conversation
about oh sure
people there are people out there who
aren't happy about that trailer really
yeah I think they're nuts I thought it
was really cool here's my official
opinion about the trailer okay go ahead
it confirms everything we already know
yes we know that we've already seen
pictures of like sets and things so we
know they're going for a very original
trilogy vibe you know we've seen JJ
Abrams direct science fiction film
before so we know how it's going to look
yep and we still don't know much about
the plot yeah basically we we know
everything we knew before there was a
teaser trailer yeah we knew we knew the
Falcon was gonna be in it we knew there
are gonna be eggs wings yeah they look
great you you could kind of just assume
that somebody was going to have a
lightsaber
I don't know about that who's got a
lighter they're unhappy with the class
card yeah yeah I guess I could see that
it is kind of laying button you know
whatever they're doing what it makes
mice it's not as as weird as like
double-edged saber or anything that's
well that was see that was also lame in
my book so yeah oh yeah the double saber
very lame yeah
the cross guard kind of makes sense how
many hands get chopped off in Star Wars
one to be precise we never see Anakin
losing hand you just working on not in
any Star Wars movie are you kidding do
you see what I'm doing here okay I mean
I get it I'm insinuating that there are
certain movies with Star Wars in the
title that are elaborate fan fictions
and not actual movies I just the way the
way you were phrasing that just made me
sound stupid which I don't think was
what you were going for no no I was but
I but I agree with that
oh yeah see look at there I'm thinking
I'm stupid too is there the prequels are
not Star Wars movies they are elaborate
fan fiction and and some people and I'm
assuming these are prequel fans were
complaining that the stormtrooper guy
was not a Jango clone and you know my
opinion on that big fucking christ
yes what what the purpose of that
trailer was to say this movie will not
be anything like the prequels yeah
absolutely by the way it's it's like the
first goddamn shot in the trailer is
letting you know that these won't be
clone troopers these are stormtroopers
and they're just normal dudes yep my
sister preferred being yes they so the
first thing they did shit all over the
clone troopers
and everything anything else is like
here x-wings
like x-wings here Tie Fighters you like
Tie Fighters
there's the Millennium fucking Falcon
everything was saying this is gonna be
more like the original trilogy than the
prequels were that was the only purpose
of that trailer mm-hmm and I'm fine with
that that's what I want yeah when I go
to see the Star Wars movie I want to see
x-wings TIE fighters oh shit wrong
button
yeah know it you know what it's it looks
it looks very JJ Abrams by the way which
is fine which is fine you know the only
the only issue with this is Trek movies
were the the scripts yeah and and Loras
lawrence kasdan is writing this one
right oh I have no idea I don't know
names I think so I believe the guy wrote
a part okay yeah that could be I don't
know names no you know the and even Star
Trek everyone I I assume is in agreement
that Star Trek the Star Trek is a
competent fine movie it's just not a
Star Trek movie you know but it's a fun
space adventure movie everyone agree
here it was the Star Wars movie ya know
so now he's gonna make a Star Wars movie
and it's gonna you know what it's gonna
be it's gonna be fine the movie is going
to be fine I don't know that I'm you
know I I'm not saying I think it's gonna
be great based on that trailer I'm just
saying I didn't see anything in that
trailer that would make me like be
unhappy what right oh yeah no and by the
way sir campy welcome sir gimpy our one
and only mod which is something I say
because he was our first mod is asking
us if you if we've seen every single
person and their mother has tweeted at
me and had red letter media the the
George Lucas version of the teaser
trailer have you seen that rich it made
me smile yes it was very funny it is
very funny and yeah that's its Ritz
that was a nice gag
um well someone else did a spoof of the
trailer right oh you fuck everything not
doing not killing it rich that's that's
fun and one one one other thing I want
to say about that you know the cross
neighbor that everybody hates yeah I'm
okay with I don't you know love it he's
cool because let's go to girl Faber
you know I'm it just doesn't bother me
yeah well one thing I I noticed about
this and I kind of like is design-wise
it looks very much like a like a
medieval kind of long sword less you
know less like a katana sure and more
like just a slow piece of medieval
weaponry that gives me hope that the
fighting style in these movies will be
more loved like actual sword fights and
less like crack bellies you know what
that is a really good point so when I
saw that I was actually happy happy for
that reason oh that looks like a long
sword we're probably gonna have actual
sword fights in the movie yeah that is a
really good point
vanna kill a giant spider here yeah
that's really great yeah that's a that's
a fantastic point you know it's just one
of those things where and I saw someone
in the chat say that it looks a little
fan art ish
yeah but any Star Wars artist because
you know the already been made and they
thank you
oh they're slightly it's gonna look like
somebody's fan art yeah oh yeah and by
the way it is just fan art like JJ
Abrams is a Star Wars fan Wow
you know there's no there's no helping
that even if even George Lucas it was
fan art like he was just making a movie
based on other movies that he made not
off of any personal goal the oh that man
that was the other spoof that I saw
someone someone did a lovely like
different things that could come out of
lightsabers and it was like a Swiss Army
knife
coming out of the blade and and other
fun like gup-d woods and swirly mob ops
and I thought that was really funny but
in any case yeah yeah you know it's
gonna be it's gonna be fine everybody
Star Wars is gonna be fine
the chat is full of it so I can I'm not
gonna bother to scroll up and read the
comment was it as some of your talking
about learning not to buy into hype and
I'm not I'm not buying into the hype I'm
just saying what we've seen hasn't
looked terrible which is which is
different then oh my god I gotta see it
now I mean my my excitement for this new
movie is still I'll go see it no I'm not
I'm not super ultra hyped up for a new
Star Wars movie yeah yeah it's fine
looks okay so far that's that's where
I'm at
yes my my level of excitement is exactly
where it was which is I'm probably going
to see this movie and it will probably
be okay which by the way is the absolute
truth like this movie is going to be I
I throw this guy into the world
it's my question how do I throw things
again and that's you know that's that's
a far cry from Revenge of the Sith
because Mike and Jay actually had to
drag me nearly kicking and screaming see
we vacuumed the city they came over and
they were like wow we got to see Revenge
of the Sith and I was like no I'm not
going so they basically dragged me to
see that movie kicking and screaming
sure that's really funny whose skeleton
how do you feel about the Jurassic world
trailers um I am calling it it's the
thing that's gonna kill Chris Pratt's
career I don't know kill ya he'll be
okay when guardians 2 comes out sure I
don't the I finally saw it yeah and the
only thing I could think of was these
can't be the final line readings in the
movie like Chris Pratt I think is a good
actor and has done good in this role
that he is playing like this is the role
that he plays you know kind of the cocky
badass right with the sense of humor
yeah yeah and every single line reading
of his from the trailer was the flattest
thing I've ever heard it's just like oh
okay I guess he's done now I guess he's
done being being this generations
Harrison Ford and that's that's fine I
you know I didn't care about this movie
in the first place but I wanted to throw
up the minute I heard hybrid dinosaur
yeah yeah it's a little it's a little
karna sore and and you know what made me
want to throw up i I don't know if this
was faked but I saw it like somebody
posted like a tweet from somebody
involved in that movie that the reason
it's a hot there's a hybrid dinosaur in
Jurassic world is because they they want
exclusive rights
toy coz anybody could make a
Tyrannosaurus Rex toy especially hybrid
dinosaur only only they can make the toy
for the hybrid Tiran ago he drew down
sure that would make sense it made sense
but it made me sick to my stomach
ya know it um you know the question is
like what would a uh like what would a
Jurassic Park movie be like without all
of the Wonder and adventure Jurassic
world like a Jurassic Park sequel yeah
cuz we've already seen it yeah like
Spielberg does wonder and amazement
better than anyone and that's what
Jurassic Park is it's Wonder and it's
amazement mixed with some intensity and
and man this is gonna fail I mean it's
probably gonna do very well I say fail
as in I think it's gonna be a bad movie
but of course it's gonna do well because
it's a sequel and people for some reason
love fucking sequels to the first not
enough I'm pronouncing this name right
Don Gately is saying why why are they
why are they calling a Jurassic world
they're calling it Jurassic world to
make it sound like it's something fresh
because because the last two sequels
weren't that well-received
yeah so they called it Jurassic Park for
nobody would give a shit but if they
call a Jurassic world I don't know it
sounds like a reboot ish and that's why
yeah another two sequels and they were
could've bad and nobody cared about him
but they call this one world and now
people care for some reason no I it's
it's that I you know I was not I was I
wasn't like I wasn't avoiding the
Jurassic world trailer but I was not
seeking it out and over the weekend I
was hanging out with some people and I'd
saw the Star Wars trailer and I was
showing that to them and they're like Oh
have you seen the Jurassic Park trailer
no and we watched it and it's just like
really this is this is it and this is
what we got going on that's fine you
know I I feel bad for Chris Pratt is
it's my take away from Jurassic world
hey he's hot enough right now that he'll
be fine yeah you think oh but you can
bounce back as long as it's next two
movies are crap
jerem he can bounce back all right all
right that's fair Jurassic world would
have to be like a bomb on the level of
like Howard the doctor Ishtar sure
before his career is killed yeah cuz
it's so it's it's still there money Jack
I know and that upsets me they know what
they're doing in marketing yeah not
necessarily in filmmaking but in
marketing then they've got this shit
down
oh you're Ryan
you're right you're right and when
you're right you're right I knew you're
always right I'm right I'm right
frequently Chris Pratt is hot your
rights in center man I didn't like the
trailer because it wasn't 2d pixel art
side scroller you're absolutely right
this is not Pixar by the way this game
is not big for its cartoon why not well
no you know it's yeah I don't know you
can't you can't win jack oh oh rich I
gave up trying to win a long time ago
come on come on get out of here again
that winning jibber-jabber this is the
internet no one wins
yeah Skellington yeah
I I guess to kind of wrap up trailer
talk the I was slightly hyped my hype
level for my hype level for episode 7 is
raised slightly because of the trailer I
I am now mildly I now have expectations
is what I will say before you know the
movie could suck it could it could be
great and it wouldn't faze me either way
I now have expectations that I think the
movie is going to be good see all we got
the trailer was the look and styles yeah
and it's exactly what I thought it would
be so it changes nothing for me hi
alright well there you go so so far that
movie is looking exactly how I thought
it would look which isn't a bad thing
the question is story story and
characters after the prequels god I want
I want characters of the Star Wars movie
so bad oh wouldn't it be great human
beings with emotions and motivations
wouldn't that just be the best thing to
have in a Star Wars movie wait Rachel
someone is asking a mildly important
question in the chat oh shit oh shit
Oh which and I think it's a snarky
question but I would like to address it
and the snarky question is Dec enriched
what will you do if Jurassic world is
actually a great movie I'll enjoy it
first of all you nailed it rich this is
this is my impression based on the
trailer yeah that's what we're talking
about I'm talking about the movie itself
we haven't seen it obviously so yeah no
he's good I will enjoy it yeah that's
what you do with good movies is you say
wow this is really good
but you know we've seen the trailer and
the trailer looks really bad no no no oh
yeah exactly that's the thing where it's
like then they did a bad job selling
their movie yeah but if Jurassic world
is like the greatest thing since
Jurassic Park you know what I will
really enjoy that because I really
enjoyed dressing part um you know don't
don't confuse cynicism with stubbornness
you know like my mind has been changed
on things that I thought were going to
be bad and then turned out to be
fantastic do you know what was a really
good example of something I stayed away
from for a long time and and then ended
up loving what spelunky this is really
true I haven't been able to play it and
say I loved it but yeah when I first
heard about it I'm like yeah yeah um
what why oh my god it's great and this
is the thing I I kept seeing like
trailers for the game and you know every
once in a while and see someone play it
and I really and I still actually really
dislike the art style I don't like how
things look in this game you know they
like the a cartoony like this guy's big
nose the big cartoony nose I dislike the
art style of this game and so I stayed
away from it for a long time because I
based it off of its looks like they said
on its first impression right which is
how you do things and as soon as I got
my hands on it I realized I was
absolutely wrong
Oh shotgun I got a shotgun
and it actually really doesn't give me a
terrible amount of good but I got one so
we can admit one we're wrong about
things absolutes doable it is doable not
only is it doable I do it often because
I'm wrong often but didn't you have a
pickax to that did you lose it oh I
think that was like the last life oh I
didn't notice you dying yeah okay I died
so so ya know
Jurassic world prove me wrong make a
good movie
I would love to see a good movie you
know what I love rich movies hmm
dak is a human being yeah I'm getting
word that subscribers being exempt from
slowmode is something we have to set now
that they except I guess it's not set
it's not I guess it's not set that way
okay here I can I can switch that year
of glad I'm not wrong about Christian
Bale as Batman he is terrible at math
but you know what that's my opinion and
opinions are different than facts this
is a real thing hold on for a second I'm
going to make sure that we are in
subscribers are exempt from slowmode do
I know exclude subscribers from slow
mode is enabled subscribers are not
affected by chat slow mode that I just
looked it up in my subscriptions
dashboard you guys are fine you guys are
fine okay everything is fine but I
appreciate your concern
I appreciate all your concern all right
all right here we go
shoot in oh yeah shotguns are fun
shotguns are fun which is a real thing I
just said but it's also true shotguns
are fun have you ever been skeet
shooting
never in my life I've never fired a gun
you've never fine oh that's right you
didn't come with us first of all man
Drake was here thank you for subscribing
I want to say again because I think
you've subscribed to us in the past but
in any case we very much appreciate it
skeet shooting is super badass and a ton
of fun so I highly recommend it if
there's a skeet shooting range near
anyone who's listening high lyrica I
mean I highly recommend shooting guns in
general in a safe and controlled
environment of course but you know yeah
I know I'm too naturally clumsy iiiiii I
just know I will accidentally shoot
somebody in the face if you give me a
gun so it's something I avoid i mean
rich no offense to you and your natural
abilities or disabilities but you might
be right never never handle a gun and
never touch something you can't afford
to replace those are the two rules that
live by
yeah um jaws of Zadar is asking if I've
ever shot something that's alive I have
been hunting before but I've never shot
anything that is alive
I and I love 100% of my actual shooting
a gun has taken place at firing ranges
or skeet shooting ranges and
so I've never shot anything that was
alive that it's not say I haven't killed
anything that's alive if anyone
remembers ma by Jack used to be a
butcher story so I just know if I went
skeet shooting dad you know I would I
would hit one of the plates and then I
would turn around and say oh cool and
accidentally shoot the instructor in the
face I know that is exactly what would
happen but so I just won't do it
oh I'm not saying you're wrong but you
know I know my limitations oh oh there
is okay rich I'm gonna do something
awful okay
there is there is an altar here and
there is a damsel then I'm gonna
sacrifice to the altar to get a prize
all right and it right you Davis jerk it
was kind of worth it I got a compass
pretty important what sure yeah yeah I
used to be a budget are you are you a
fully fledged trained certified
card-carrying butcher jack not now no at
I don't know if there was a
certification I was a professional
butter like I think I worked and you
could take you could take an animal and
render it to meat chunks yes okay yes I
had the skill to bleed and rent and
remove the meat from an animal though to
be fair I only I mostly worked on
chickens and a pink so you know I could
probably work my way around a deer or a
cow like a larger animal but it would
probably sloppy so if that means
anything you did grow up on a farm
soon it was related to that me being a
butcher no no actually no no not that
rendering chicken sucker okay no no
actually I didn't do any of that on the
farm
because it was like a small farm and and
we didn't do much of that that was not
that was later in life someone in the
chat was asking what what is the best
cut of meat and you know you have to you
have to ask what animal but of course
we're talking about cows let's be honest
I can tell you the most overrated cut of
meat which is the filet mignon flank
Nick none the flagger that old flagon
Big Nog is a pretty Dern
I got a split frog over here yeah okay
oh we're fine we're fine
he jumped talking about we're talking
about flying at big Dom's Jack what
flagon been done yeah you're right
here lady there we go okay um okay I'm
back with it I am back with it flamin
yawns are an incredibly overrated cut of
meat it is true that they are tender
while not having a lot of fat on them
which is which is a hard thing to do but
the flat often renders them fairly
flavorless mm-hm and so for me I like
rib eye rib eye has a good amount of fat
tissue inside the cut of meat and that
that fat will actually like render off
and inject its deliciousness into the
rest of the meat while cooking and so
the rib eye is my favorite a lot of
people bone-in rib eye if you can see I
think I think the thing with with filets
and people is the kind of people who buy
green meat
Shuman they're shocked when it's the
shot sweat stuff because it's 99.9%
fat-free yeah yeah and it's the fat but
they don't realize that's why it's tough
yeah the fat gives it flavor the fat and
the bone a lot of people forget that
cooking something with the bone in it
also gives it its flavor and so yeah if
you remove the bone and you remove the
you remove the flavor you know fillets
are still a good cut especially if
you're looking for a lean cut especially
if you're looking for a small portion
for those of us who are figure conscious
filets are a great option because the
portions are smoking but no I'm not
risking I'm not risking a Piranha Plants
get out of it
piranha plant hey everybody's
everybody's are fantastic somebody just
sent me Saints Row 4 thank you very much
I didn't say your name but I don't know
that you want your steam name out there
on the whole internet everything here
Thanks
also all of my meat talk has gotten us a
subscriber so perplex a date thank you
for subscribing also that damn hippie
probably thank you for subscribing even
though you probably only subscribed to
to complain about all my meat talk also
in the chat hold on I have to do
something I just got a text from someone
I just got a text from someone and I
need to make them a moderator some jerk
I have added a moderator it's Jay this
is the real date yeah yeah red letter
J's this is the real Jay he texted me so
I know it's really him also Howard hand
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it
okay are you doing Jim J and Jack were
you aware that there are now rumors
floating around that that mike has now
broken rib he's currently in the
hospital I mean he's in the hospital but
for something unrelated haha
I'm just joking uh that's great why is
there a rumor floating around that mike
is in the hospital I don't know that's
such a weird thing they invent a rumor
for yeah it makes no sense yeah what
else are you gonna do when you're bored
you make up stuff about people right ah
that's great
now let people let people think whatever
they want about whatever they want all
the time
heard that where are you I heard you
I'm close to the the the secret shop
which I know means a lot to you rich so
the secret shop yeah that means so much
yeah
oh are you going shopkeeper again I am
gonna try not to kill the shopkeeper
I might die okay ah
Oh dams yeah might do it dumb thing I'm
gonna do a dumb thing that's okay
shit shit shit shit get out of here I
did a little bit of a dumb thing but
it's fine I had to blow up the
sacrificial altar to get to the secret
shop which makes which drops a whole
bunch of enemies and I lost some Life
Points but it's fine myself good life
points and I'm at the shop
everything is happy and I have a ton of
money though I can buy some stuff what's
it worth it oh yeah yeah absolutely 100%
worth it I mean no jet pack which is
upsetting to say the least
doesn't have a single best thing you can
buy in the game the jet pack yeah yeah
jetpack jet pack is always worth it so
now the question is do I go for the ankh
yes all right we're doing it we're going
on that's the thing that potentially
gets you to the secret level right yep
okay yeah go for it good for UNK you
know what did it already bind the ankh
and some climbing gloves we're doing it
we're doing it too in it you know I'm
saying I know you do I know you know
exactly what I'm saying oh stop
probably gonna die but you know that
happens in life I'm gonna try not to die
somebody in the chat is asking me for
your email so they can send you a gift I
don't know why they're not just asking
you for my email yeah they want to send
you a gift
my email is public knowledge and so go
ahead it is Harlech a jrl ack at mac ma
c-calm and that's so cool just you're
right here work we're both here what you
asked me I think I think you know I
think they know you are checking the
chat more because I'm playing so I guess
that makes sense
okay okay I will accept that it's true
Harlock is also my steam name it's also
my twitter handle that's kind of my
thing
get some work just stick with it yeah
and for the person who said at max yeah
my god oh I didn't anger
oh shut that oh god damn it did you
anger the shop people no I heard some
asshole angered the dammit dammit dammit
dammit
an alien blew up on the sacrificial
altar and if it blows up you can end up
with what I have now which is the ball
and chain right so right now I have a
unwieldy ball and chain hook that to me
uh-huh which means I move slower I'm
hooked up to this ball if I carry it I
move incredibly slow it is there is some
good which is I can kill some enemies
really easily I throwing it at them
you get that from blowing up the altar
yeah so any weird details in this game I
know well you know it's all it's all
about it's all about randomness you know
like this game has a ton of things that
happened or that might or might not ah
fuck messed it up well good thing I had
that on cuz I died uh oh oh oh oh no I'm
dead I'm dead for real no here it goes
oh damn it damn it fucked up I did I did
I got the ball and chain yeah I feel bad
about that oh okay
okay we're gonna do this we're gonna
give us a couple more tries and then we
can move on to something else
well my steam name for the people asking
is charred but my friends are currently
full yes every every time I give up my
my steam name my friends list just fills
up instantly so I'm cool right now
you're here right Casper what do we do
when we fall you're absolutely right
yes the same with my esteemed friend
list it is a little full at the moment I
do I do try to clean it out every once
in a while but you know the neverending
tide and that's fine so if you have sent
me a friend request on Steam I'll get to
it eventually
I'll try it I'll try to get to
eventually yeah we'll find it we'll find
something else fun to play we'll find
something fun to play after this playing
this last week really got me invigorated
to play it more this is just a great
game that's a game
oh you know I'll save this for later
oh I'll save this for later uh-oh you
know someone was asking me we talked a
lot during the Mario Kart stream which
went up recently on YouTube that was
right after the Zelda episode and so
there was a lot of talk about like art
in video games and like what is art and
whatnot
and someone asked me over Twitter about
the half-life games and whether or not
they are art and I think we need to
reiterate with everyone that we thought
we looked up the definition of art and
art is anything any creative work and so
the answer is of course there aren't the
proper question is whether or not they
are high art and so you you you get hung
up on high art I do I do I'm not against
it but I'm mostly carer from having fun
sure well you know mostly well that's
two separate things we're talking about
two separate things one is the
entertainment in one is the art right
and so I don't I think there's a there
is a world for both of these things
games both entertainment and art and I
am mean I don't get hung up on it it was
just something that I happen to talk
about during one of the games and it's
something that I really think is true I
think that games can be art and I enjoy
finding that meaningful bullshit in in
video games
and the half-life series which is a
series that I really enjoy I don't
believe is very high art I think that
it's a pretty standard pretty standard
first-person shooter it's a great game
but there's no like there's no
overarching theme other than shooting
the thing until it dies you know which
and it's it's a really fun game it's a
game I really enjoy and I think they
handle I think I've mentioned it as a
game that handles like storytelling
through gameplay better than most games
I think they handle you know all they're
starting to tell storytelling is done
through game
you never leave your character there's
no cutscenes except for a little one at
the beginning and a little one at the
end oh shit so you act like you can't
have art with a cutscene you cast not
true you can have art with a cutscene
god dammit
oh wait oh no no I can do this I can do
this
rich jet pack yes jet pack level one all
right Joe in level one jet pack and a
compass in level one prepare the high
string we're really excited about this
what what is the compass do what Oh the
compass the compass points you to the
exit and yeah there are some levels in
which finding the exit slash remembering
where the exit is is very difficult okay
okay so say I bought it but I've only
played it for about ten minutes yet so
okay taco Fox says jack is really
insufferable when he tries to define
things like art of games and you know
someone I asked so shut the fuck up did
you you make it some like you have a
limited narrow definition of what
qualifies as one art in a game no no I
think it has to do X in X way
well you're pure game are deaf
and once again art is any creative work
any creative work I'm trying to think
about like a really simple game like
pong is art you know pong is a creative
work right mm-hm
so no my definition of art is very very
wide
I am trying less than Kate thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
I'm just trying to have a conversation
about you know the merits of good game
and aims it make you think more about
life and bullshit what whatever I'll
stop talking about it I don't care we're
having a discussion Jack yeah it's true
it's true these are true things that are
happening we are having a discussion but
in any case I just wanted to make it
clear that like I don't like a game
doesn't need to be full of deep complex
themes and messages for me to enjoy it
much like the half-life games I just
enjoy those games you know it's like
it's like No More Heroes I contend that
there is a a a meta-narrative going on
in that game that I find interesting and
but it's it's all in cutscenes yeah yeah
no and you know it's that's that's a
situation where like we've talked about
like my I'm I tolerate cutscenes but you
know a cutscene in a video game a movie
as part of a video game is like a big
chunk of text in movies I think it's
using antiquated technology to tell your
story and whether or not No More Heroes
has this
this meta-narrative which by the way he
sounds like it does you know that's fine
I think it's great I think it should and
I think that it can be considered a high
art but but yeah then we're talking
about two other two separate things like
high art and video games versus like the
directions video games need to go in
order to make their own way in the
creative world yeah change them stones
change them stones you ghostie a bitch
there we go
so that's a deck hates mixed media art
um maybe maybe it's my simpleness maybe
it's because I'm so simple that I can't
handle two genres to media's at the same
time that could be
yeah so that's all I got there you know
what that's all I got there you know
what else I've been doing rich which I
know will come why uh big surprise to
you I've been playing well shit out of
Smash Brothers yeah yeah I'm shops I
know I know I know it's a big surprise
for you but Jesus Christ have I've been
playing the shit out of Smash Brothers
it's like me personally I know I've got
that new computer coming yeah I'm like
the look I'm reluctant to start anything
because I know at any moment found that
last couple packages are gonna show up
so you don't even why anything I know
this well I'll just wait that's really
funny I love I love that you're just
you're just not playing stuff on your
computer right now waiting what the fuck
indeed rich I'm in the middle of
something can you see who just
subscribed yes
Frenchy Libre thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
Frenchy Libre Libre libr e Libre Libre
alright what are the other it's it's
something fly breathe
Frenchy lively thank you for subscribing
that's it rich Frenchy library you
subscribe that's a we did we get your
name wrong hope you enjoy it hi I'm
ghosting I'm ghost and rich be you gem
farming I'm Gemma farming and I really
shouldn't because I have the jetpack
like it's just so easy but I really
should kill some of these enemies
make sure they are not in my way when
the ghost comes
I don't want to use that bomb I don't
have one bomb oh here comes okay good oh
they have one bomb you know you might
eat what do you hold you know what are
you hold me on do it for in case in case
I get a snake level and if you remember
what a snake level is it's it's the one
where there's a pickaxe at the bottom of
a snake pit uh you need a bomb to be the
bomb to get out okay you need a bomb to
get to the pickaxe I didn't kill that
snake that's gonna come back and haunt
me later haunt me later get it oh shit
oh shit you asshole come on it's fine
everything's fine I'm ham what happened
did you fall asleep I did I did I died I
didn't even know you get knocked
unconscious that sounds amazing it is
it's great if you fall from to greater
heights you get knocked unconscious and
you lose a hard point yeah and I get a
little cocky with the jet pack and when
you have the jet pack you can fall from
any height as long as you hit the jet
pack burst right before you know right
before you land but your timing was
terrible but my timing was terrible and
and I fucked up but that's okay I do I
I'm still alive everything is fine gotta
look for all these gems that I left
oh now ghost is gonna come back late
smart wait it out wait out the ghost
wait out the ghost here ghosty okay you
got one of these why didn't you get the
other one you you dumb ghost
so smash brothers man have I been
enjoying it mostly because it's exactly
like every other Smash Brothers game
I've ever played only it is as I know it
would be only it's a beautiful
high-definition and you know it's got
some good characters and yeah I know I'm
an awful hypocrite
yes you can't deny that yeah you like
what you like you like what you like
what the fuck indeed rich I'm dealing
with a ghost screen scrolled I couldn't
read it okay osteoporosis Linda thank
you for subscribing uh at least it was
Linda not that fuck up Betty
oh god right they know better if it was
if it was Baby Gone
let's be honest if it was Betty that's
an insta ban
Oh an undead level this is fun you're
asking me about oranges Revenge of the
eggplant uh-huh
it's an earlier movie I made with Mike
it stars a cast they're all fruits with
faces painted on them and they're kind
of puppeteered and you haven't seen it
because it's it's not that great it's
got some good parts but as a whole I
don't know that it works oh yeah okay
something fun that you might notice
coming up in a little bit is I just blew
up a gravestone which had a shotgun
underneath and that gravestone Marsh ker
was Ash and this is a zombie level like
that like that speech this game my mom
is adorable I'm not gonna lose my shit
over but that's amusing I and by the way
I did not expect you to lose your shit
over it I just thought you would find it
amusing
okay great we're doing good things we
are doing good things
right now we are concentrating on
finding the secret shop I have enough
money to get the ankh I have the jet
pack
oh no I want to wait on that jac what
work of yours are you proudest of what
video video related project that you've
been a part of I'm sorry what's the
question your your your your work and in
making videos then what do you what do
you promise them what am I most proud of
what are you most proud of
oh that's an interesting question no
question - so how much involvement do
you have to have had sure I mean I think
any anything that you contributed to
like you know I mean I'm not gonna take
okay anything you've contributed to
anything yeah absolutely
well before you go into this a horrible
glory thank you for subscribing so yeah
anything you've contributed to at all I
think you can count as a work you've
been a part of so what do you got rich
well I think yeah you know there's I
can't take too much credit on that
friend you do that at all that's big-ass
disclaimer but no plug of reviews sure
but whatever in the moment I had you
know those happy with those best of the
worst yeah
always happy to contribute on best of
the worst
all right that's a good answer I don't
think it'll other stuff we've done
Miguel and I don't know but right there
you click it reviews and best of the
worst
good I like I like being part of best of
the worst
I don't know that I really add much to
half in the bag you mean besides your
beauty and grace let's be honest rich
without you it's nothing it's just a
couple of assholes talking about movies
I'm a glorified mascot
yes but the best kind the glorified kind
goddamnit you see so you're asking me
about my bomb saving earlier right yeah
so here I used my bomb to get the
shotgun in the zombie level yeah and now
I'm in the next level I have no bombs
and the secret store in which I need to
get the ankh which gets me the secret
level is here but I need a bomb to get
to it and I yeah I fucked up basically
and so now I'm trying to find a way you
you can find a bomb Jack I can't there's
no bomb on this level there's a crate
which might have a bomb in it but I
don't think I can get to it because it
is surrounded by spikes there's a store
but they won't give me a bomb they might
give me a climbing glove which won't
really help me at all damn it fuck that
bridge I made the wrong call I was so
excited to tell you about like the a
shotgun thing that I took normally the
shotgun is not an item that I would take
but I was like oh rich would really
enjoy it which would get a cook out of
this charger I mean you should be is
what I'm saying
it's all your fault and I blame you
entirely well why can't you good mo is
your favorite thing that you weren't
involved with it did he answer the quick
started interjecting with the Plunkett
reviews what what was yours no I'm glad
you did um yeah I think that's a really
good question I don't know if I have I
don't know if I have a good answer is
unfortunately the answer where it's just
like I I'm really proud of a lot of
stuff that I did be the high five
montages which I don't know it seems
like a really simple thing but it was
just it that was something that I was
really proud to have come up with and
you know what helped it be put together
and and so and of course that did the
most to eventually make my career and so
like I kind of have to say that just
because it was such a big deal yeah I'm
trying to think of it was a keystone
moment not necessarily your favorite
thing you were you you're involved with
that is it or is it that's it and that's
what I'm trying to think where it's like
what has been yeah what's been my
favorite thing to be involved with yeah
but I mean that is also cuz like that's
that's like my style of working which is
like run-and-gun a ton of improv a ton
of figuring stuff out as we shoot like
that's how I like to shoot that's how I
like to work creatively and so yeah
maybe the high five Asia montages as a
whole mmm what I will say see you
largely you largely improvised that oh
all of them one even the other time it
passed me up your stuff - yeah with the
trampolines and everything that's that's
kind of interesting we that stuff what
have like a bit of pre-planning doing oh
god no no we we show up at a we find a
location
oh yeah and then we and then we just
figure it out when we're there and we
and we adjust as we shoot and it's just
like okay we can use this wall and we
can use this and you know we have a
couple like rough idea
but it's all just on the cuff mm-hmm
which is how I like to work so all of
those montages they they might seem
simple or stupid but like all of those
montages are super fun to make and it
means that I get to work with people
that I really enjoy so you know I don't
know how to respond yes it's interesting
it's interesting that you improv that
that trickshot type stuff yeah okay oh
there we go there's something to talk
about you you can like the trampolines
involved and whatnot oh sure Nomar you
know and it's all it's all like because
we fail so much like and people notice
especially like on the past maybe air
stuff where they're just like so I see
that there's a ton of beer stains you
guys obviously did not do this on your
first try and we're like duh you know
like many many tries because we figure
it out as we go along maybe you know
what actually maybe the the thing I'm
the most proud of is the pass me beer
stuff okay because that was that was us
trying to do to both do what we do and
incorporate branding and we we got away
with a lot with that we we went to Old
Milwaukee and we said we have this idea
and Old Milwaukee they were great to
work with yeah thought I'd use oops they
were great to work with but they did
want some things some things that we did
not agree with creatively mmm and we
stood our ground and we said no you know
like you know like one example what do
they what do they want yeah well why
don't one one light example that I can
talk
just because it's it's not super it's
not super you know like poignant they
wanted to call it they wanted to call it
passed me a beer bro
oh oh yeah you know like in their head
they're like wouldn't that be fun
you know like if we could incorporate
this this thing this slang that the kids
are saying you know this is this bro
thing into into it and we were just like
no we like that we think that would
sound really douchey we are not okay
with that and they we argued about that
but not argued you know we went back and
forth on that for a while right and
eventually you know we stood our ground
and I think that was the best decision
and of course you know the video was
successful and so we can in hindsight we
can say we've made the right decision
saucers is this is not a mothership
level there are some alien levels that
are that have like a mothership
interests and this is not one of them
but okay so now I'm just going for just
going for beating Olmec which I can do I
have a shotgun I have a jetpack
I have climbing globes so beating oh my
super I can't shoot this just for secret
anyway so what's important now is that I
get bombs bombs will be very important
when defeating Olmec what the fuck
indeed rich I'm just talking about the
game would you stop yelling in my ear oh
wait
sheev Palpatine thank you for
subscribing or how is it pronounced
Richard share sure you know what his
name is Palpatine fuck you George Lucas
he strikes at us from beyond the grave I
think his name is pal B you don't want
that came up that revelation that he
just made up because because JJ Abrams
is getting too much attend
and excitement over the new movie that's
what that was no George Lucas doesn't
care anymore come on he's a I'm sure
he's a petty jerk that's a terribly
being thing to say it might be drew I
don't know I'm just saying it's not
necessarily true it was a Titanic made
more money than him well I mean he's a
businessman and a filmmaker I know that
movie does better it is he's got an ego
undeserved ego you know don't we all
don't we all have an ego no I have
absolutely zero self-esteem
I didn't say self-esteem I said ego the
difference Oh someone's asking a very
important question which is why is
Jackson terrified of rich he's not who's
just in a bad mood it's reading bad
jokes to him and he didn't want any part
of it yeah and he couldn't leave yeah
basically
so no they're fine he was just fine he's
in bad mood and he's a kid it's tiring
is it a bad mood
jack has a very big ego yes for anyone I
see that in the image ad yeah yeah URI
goes fine I have a healthy ego is what I
tell myself because I talk to myself a
lot because I have a huge ego I I may
have zero self-esteem button but in in
the next best of the worst I I may have
had my shining moment as a human being
as a human being as a human being my by
my one my one accomplishment in life the
thing they won't remember me for unless
unless it gets cut bizarre a reason
uh-huh might might happen in the next
best of the worst oh my yeah yeah I mean
great I wish you I wish you well
okay the next best of the worst will
come out when when a certain third party
has just finished doing something for ya
nope no sooner no later so I don't know
when that will be out it's kind of out
of my hands
it'll be out soon or not it doesn't
matter we don't know how about that J's
in the chat he might know more than we
do I think he said something about it oh
okay
it's reading that's the reason that was
comfortable bringing it on a plan to
save plants a plane - cool
okay great great
we're doing great we're great things are
happening ain't gonna cancel yeah well
now we're this is this is the the last
stage the temple looks like a castle to
me ah could be it could be the art style
I could be there Sam but yeah now things
are getting real this is this level is
full of perils which is why I'm really
happy I have a shotgun shotgun really
helps in this level so sir gimpy wants
to know if we ate those burgers Jill J
grilled on the last best of the worst
everybody asked that question of course
we didn't they were smeared with with
burnt plastic yeah nobody would eat
those we ate before we film that right
those are leftovers that that was
actually filmed on my birthday my
birthday we just had like a little
cookout we had a little cookout and we
watched how they would come that was my
birthday and it was great yeah that was
a great time okay so by the way for
anyone who sees that Golden Triangle
thing next to me this is a part of how
you get to the City of Gold if you get
the ankh and get the special thing you
can kill and you bust in the last level
which I did kill take his staff turn it
in here further here and you get this in
you know but we're not gonna do that
it's a whole thing someone is asking
Gold is gold is asking who I favor in
Smash
right now I'm just kind of figuring out
all the characters I've been really
enjoying the meze customizing and
playing as me I thought I think that's
super fun little Mack is also white oh
my god what happened
get up get up get up get up I got hit by
something okay oh god damn it
a stupid fucking arrow trap okay I'm
fine
are you doomed no no I'm fine everything
is fine ah that's scared to crap out of
me and kind of a shape is oh I need my
shotgun I needed my shotgun that damn it
that just scared that the Hebrews out of
me
I jet packed up thinking that I was safe
from all harm never think that in this
game and and got hit by an arrow trap
and almost ate the whole run now there's
another reason that you need a lot of
bombs is bombs in this level equals
shortcuts which equals you not having to
fight so bombs which lead to you saying
oh fuck in a panicked tone yes okay
anyone who's seeing this right now if
you look on the kind of a bottom left
corner you'll see a little block with an
eyeball on it if that block sees you it
it attempts to kill you by smashing you
into a wall and I almost just dived but
using my superior videogame skill I did
not and I think I think I just made it
to all Mike though we're doing great
we're doing great yeah someone is just
saying I was gonna be crushed by stone
trap and I didn't I got away from it
because I'm awesome by getting two Olmec
have you have you redeemed your your
spunkiness if I come wet from the last
dream yes okay I've gotten two Olmec now
if I can win which I think I can I have
a jet pack I have climbing gloves if I
can win then we are in a really good
place
so right now I am in a very good place
having the jetpack is crazy helpful
oh I unlocked a new character and kill
them but that's okay he doesn't do me
any good right now okay if you have a
jet pack and you can get up on top here
on the whole microp it's basically just
treasure city and get all the treasure
you can doesn't matter at that point
oh sure well you know just for at the
end of the game you get uh you know you
get a high score and how much gold do
you have it's it's all like daily bests
and bragging rights it doesn't matter
for the game but just for your personal
best okay
and I'm like one of the achievements is
whether or not you can get like you know
a million gold in one run and there are
people who do like no gold runs if you
can beat the game without getting any
jewels or gold which is I think is
hilarious yeah it's getting gold I got a
jet pack I can do whatever I want
okay sooner or later I'm gonna have to
check in on that Olmec we're gonna have
to start start the actual last level I'm
just I'm just watching just watch man
it's gonna be great so the thing about
Olmec which sounds like sitcom the thing
about Olmec we'll be back after these
messages is no you don't like that maybe
maybe maybe it should come like it's
like cancelled halfway through the first
days huh sure yeah I can see that so if
you see the exit here is blocked off
because we have to actually kill Olmec
and the only way to kill Olmec is to
make him fall into the lava that is at
the bottom of the level yeah and the
only way to get down there is either to
use bombs to make a hole or if Olmec
gets on top of you he he comes down hard
and he destroys the bottom so if you
don't have any bombs you need to get
under Olmec and then get back on top of
him yeah
or back out from underneath him so so
you know you don't die because if all my
crushes here it's an insta-kill
I'm you need a ridiculous number of
bombs to do this yeah and what basically
I'm gonna use I have a decent number of
bombs so I'm gonna get a good start and
make a nice wide rich I'm gonna make a
nice wide hole great joke I know yeah
yeah listen you know these are the names
of yourself ashamed shame is not
something I've felt in a long time
by you know it could happen okay great I
have a really great start so now I need
to lure Olmec over here so you see the
love underneath here
I'll see you though oh by the way so
here's the super special thing assuming
you do all of the super special thing
that is like getting the ankh dying on
the certain level killing on you bus
getting his staff going to the level of
gold getting the super special thing
then what you have to do is kill Olmec
over this door right here ride him down
and good and that's how you get to help
it's uh you go to hell and you go to
hell that's the real last level is going
to help this this is winning the game
but this is not really winning you know
this is like you fight Satan yeah oh my
god see ya s-pen Berg thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate did we do
okay I know Mike spawned some enemies
but that's no big deal no big deal we're
gonna ride this one out how do i okay so
gonna that was close
that's a close one oh no did you died oh
yeah
how did you died I haven't seen it yet
Oh Oh Mike got him oh my got me you'll
see in a second
I was stupid I was stupid unless I'm
assuming he's insta-death yep he's
incident maybe you just did it wrong no
no that was my fault that was 100% my
fault I was in a safe space I was in a
safe space where he couldn't kill me and
I was trying to go fast and get him on
top of me oh when you die in a game like
this it's always your fault
oh that that makes me feel bad but I
think that was good run we got to olmec
ah I'm a little exhausted so what's next
Jack I do can't be exhausted you must
play gaming I will I will play more game
I absolutely will we should figure out
what we want to play do we want to try
another run I saw some people mentioned
earlier Oregon Trail which is fun which
could be fun you know we've done it
before
let's see here here's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna go I'm gonna cook over here
I'm gonna keep this sweet-ass background
music going now let's switch over to the
switch over to the animation here I'm
just gonna take a real quick look at my
steam inventory and see if there's
anything fun I think it's fun that we
have and that we haven't played yet you
know yeah yeah which I think I think
that'd be important like a new game
we've been doing a lot of repeats except
for last Wednesday what we did something
completely different I'm not gonna play
Isaac I've been playing the hell out of
Isaac on my Vita and I've played it
enough on the stream I will not play
Isaac for anyone interested I have
beaten Satan and I've beaten Isaac which
is very exciting
still nowhere close to beating him I'm
stream you died I'd say you did not beat
Satan on stream i did not beat say on a
stream on my Vita I'd beaten Satan and
I've gotten the heaven route where I go
up to heaven and I've beaten Isaac I
beaten myself well there's a heaven Rob
to of course what happens after you beat
yourself off ah
first of all funny you win not really
it's a win they know it was fine you
made a fine joke you made a fine attempt
at a joke I did get I got a couple games
recently one is a rhythm game so I don't
think I can play it on stream just cuz
I'll have to concentrate too much but
one that I'm looking forward to playing
actually it's called crypt of the
necrodancer and it seems like it's right
up my alley let's see what happened we
played in a while well or what haven't I
not played at all I have so many games
in here hmm I can't see what you're
looking at so I can't tell you it's it's
really true well why don't we do this
why don't we take a little break
something was something we can name
people after this always fun that's a
little something sure you're right to
the game I'm gonna take a break I'm
gonna run a commercial and when we come
back we will have a game picked out so
we will be back everyone

[Part II]
but are you ready is there something
funny we could do probably yeah we
should think of that earlier oh well
whatever well the funny thing we could
do is me having us come back but when
you and then you said because that's
what happened I am assuming I know what
you do first of all Dan himself is is uh
saying he's playing Binding of Isaac
rebirth right now and I and he has
eighteen bombs and thirty-two Keys
anyone else who's playing rebirth do you
find yourself with like a million keys
all the time I find myself with so many
keys is that something to complain about
it's not something to complain about is
something that's definitely new because
in the in the original items in general
you know keys bombs were incredibly rare
but in rebirth in rebirth they did add a
new bum friend they added a key bum
friend where you can like like the
normal bum friend you give him a penny
and he randomly will give you something
good right and then there's also a devil
bum friend where you can you know give
him a half a heart and he might give you
something good yeah they added a new key
bum friend where you can give him keys
and he might give you something good so
maybe they've added more keys okay so
maybe they're overreacting to complaints
if not enough keys that could a be that
could be and oh yeah if you playing hard
mode you don't get a whole lot of keys
that's true in general you know on hard
mode you get in general less items
because it's harder that doesn't make
any sense
yeah I agree by the way normal is easy
mode
I don't understand you don't know I
would somebody you're not supposed to
play games in any setting other than
hard I know I know everyone's the only
the only acceptable way to play a game
every once in a while I do play Isaac on
normal just just for a lark just because
it's like a walk it's like a walk in the
park playing Isaac on normal
you're probably good wine you know
that's why I play FTL uneasy
occasionally you know just this just
just don't breeze through it well it's
like if I'm playing on normal I won't
discriminate against any item I'll pick
up everything just to see what it does
you know like weird combinations of
items and I'll just fuck around so you
you get it rich you get it okay we are
gonna play we are gonna play uh uh hold
on we're getting there
this is gonna be a big exciting reveal
to everyone here papers please we are
gonna play a priest please because why
not
cuz it could be fun da da da da dun dun
dun dun there we go that takes up most
of the screen so
all right now the music for papers
please is on so tell me everybody can
hear the music can you hear me can you
hear rich quick audio check before we
start playing while I check some things
out here talk about that Oh rich do you
know what yes you missed last night
because you'd what come to game night
yeah no well we'll talk about that but
what what did I miss
you know what you missed is a good
friend of mine adios go great a good
friend of mine who came over to board
game night brought over an alien board
game I saw the picture yes they made an
actual alien board game no here's the
question Jack yeah did the alien have
eyesight it did it had big goofy eyes
okay okay we should start anew
was it fun how does how does the alien
game play it was really interesting they
really tried to make it a lot like alien
so every player controls three
astronauts and one alien a board game by
the way yes this is a board game oh
you're right I need to update the stream
thank you updating the stream Sunday
night hack and a half playing papers
so everybody controls what now and the
stream is updated thank you for
reminding me everyone I often forget
so everyone controls three astronauts
and one alien so you know we were
playing before people there or for
aliens roaming around and basically it's
sorry
do you remember sorry yeah we're if your
alien shares the same space with someone
else's astronaut they died like that
astronaut gets removed from the game and
then you make your way around the board
and try not to get eaten by other
people's alien and the alien has special
moves where it can move through vents
and move faster and get to special
places and your astronauts everyone
smiler can take alternate routes to try
to run away from from the alien and by
the way it was pretty good it was it was
way better than any other alien game
I've ever played is that all you play no
no we played that and we played um Oh
was it called we played a really
interesting game oh I'm gonna forget
what it's called now hold on a second
chutes and ladders
we played Candyland Holdrege I'm holding
up was he actually going to look and
that's crazy
he's a crazy man he's stopping the
stream so he can read a board game all
you people are sitting here doing
nothing so we can read a name and then
we will all forget about it and go on
with our lives
but what can you do what can you do
now I've got to fill dead air this is
sorry which I was leaving bad yes please
just fucking great but doing it to me
again Jack what making me feel dead air
I do I love making you feel that air I
think it's hilarious I was going to
check with Lisa we played a game called
smash up and in smash up you smash up
brawl smash up bro oh my god I didn't
look through what I was supposed to do
today I forgot how to play the game rich
are you starting from scratch
yes only only a stroke and citizens can
go in great I get out of here and it's
in the rulebook
remember the rulebook no oh yeah here it
is I remember okay here it is girls must
have a faster okay great I remember I'm
remembering deny all foreigners cars and
poor you can be in here lady
denied smash up which is a it's a game
that picks all sorts of like nerd
culture things against each other you
know like pirates vs. ninjas vs. robots
vs. aliens and whatnot uh-huh is
everyone randomly selects two teams for
example yesterday I was republic I get
out of here only is true cos yesterday I
was zombies and pirates uh-huh and then
it's it's a deck building game and so
you use your cards to like take over
places and get points it was it's really
neat but it's one of those games that
requires a ton of reading and math yeah
okay yeah that's not bad but if you're
just trying to have a quick board game
night yeah not so good yeah sometimes um
yeah and you know there was someone
there who had who had not played it
before okay Wow is everyone here not
from asteroids good get out of here
there was someone new who hadn't played
it before so just explaining the basic
game concept
took a long time but I still think it's
a fun game needs a little balancing
button it's it's fun baby I was baby
buzz blaze CI I was going to come over I
wanted to come over yeah and I I got up
to get ready to leave and my foot had
swollen a bad hand I was it's like now
it hurts I'm gonna I'm gonna stay home
my foot up did you did you tell people
having no I didn't I'm gonna I'm leaning
into it to your foot with you well use
you started with my foot was swollen
into how the foot gets swollen this is
this is story telling Jack telling one
that was good and now I know
expectations are off the charts and it's
gonna be let down I told them that I
just stepped on a nail I stepped on a
nail I hope you're all happy I'm not you
missed game night how does that work and
we're we got these things down you know
for painting these boards foam boards
and it wasn't apparently a nail embedded
in one of them sticking straight up and
I stepped on it went right through the
sole of my foot and through my foot oh
yeah I punctured my foot and I screamed
and then I pulled the nail out there
there was hardly any blood that's good
so wasn't a rusty nail yeah you should
you should still look into like tetanus
shots or you know seeing a doctor I've
got five dollars in the bank after it
yeah yeah so the only doctor I'm saying
is dr. pepper it's an excellent joke no
it's not
that was a non reaction Joe come to find
joke I am filth
okay okay okay what's the rules for
today girls all documents must be Curt
oh you need a passport documents must be
occurring how do I know what today's
date is okay
82 1124 expires wait what oh it expired
get out of here
did it oh it didn't expand fuck yep oh
damn it rich I suck at this game this
was a this was a terrible idea to have
you play this game I'm terrible at this
game well you know if you're not
enjoying it
I mean I'm I'd help you but uh I think
I'm probably gonna be too far behind
because I'm watching with everybody else
right
no and I'm just really bad at it oh my
god I let someone in who I wasn't
supposed to I'm gonna stop playing this
game I can't read I can't not read fast
enough all right all right I'm gonna I'm
gonna there are there are other options
for things to play we need that we need
to find okay wait I'm gonna look I think
this lady gets to come in house no
trouble this is what happens when I
can't backseat game this is exactly what
Oh No non matching photo decks crocodile
brain is no good at papers please
rich what is the best Star Trek movie
it's the Wrath of Khan hands down there
you go there's your answer
uh yeah there's you don't even think
about it Star Trek to the repconn alibi
the end of undiscovered country mm-hmm
sure I could do that I think there's an
argument for that no no I'm thinking
about how I would rank them mm-hmm
definitely too first and six then one I
know it's an unpopular opinion but I
like I like the motion picture really
yeah so it's classic the motion Star
Trek the motion picture is the only one
that is the only Star Trek movie that
that has the core Star Trek values at
heart I mean it's a Star Trek story
about exploration and discovery you know
it's just so much masturbation they
don't they don't have a fight at the end
they make a discovery at the end
it's motion picture the motion picture
is the only one the only movie that is
actually a Star Trek story what do you
mean she was expired
her passport was expired actually I
might even I might even put the motion
picture oversexed I haven't seen either
in a while though but the top tier
definitely top top is definitely retcon
yeah Rafa Khan's great then then
undiscovered country and the motion
picture and whatever order let's see
then for four you know force kind of
gimmicky it's really not my favorite
what's four again is that Wales where's
that time-travel whale one yeah yeah
then three and then five and well you
know what I put flying up at five
underneath
insurrection because the next-gen movies
are almost all at the bottom
so then insurrection and then Star Trek
5 and then well no no insurrection then
nemesis then Star Trek 5 then first
contact
no no then generations and then first
contact hmm that is my order that's a
good order yeah I'm it's you know I I
have I don't have like a problem with
the story of the motion picture but the
first 45 minutes of the movie is Kirk
being shuttled to the enterprise you
know there's probably a fan at it out
there that changes that that would be
great if they could just make that a
normal shuttle to the enterprise but
they spent so much time during like it's
the enterprise but on a movie screen is
good like this the motion picture is a
movie I actually used to like to put on
in the background while I did other
things and you could you could not pay
that much tension in the movie and not
miss anything
it's kind of nice for that yeah yeah I
could say I could see that I'm in stood
by the way I'm installing another
gamer's somebody somebody is outraged
that I'm putting first contact last yes
dead fucking last it's the movie that
turned next-gen into action schlock it
fucking ruined Picard as a character and
it uh Turley fucking destroyed the Borg
for all time
fuck first contact that wasn't that
wasn't awkward at all
I just you know if you just got if you
gotta just couldn't fight don't fight in
front of me yeah passionate I know I
love it now but here's the thing you're
absolutely right you are absolutely 100%
right I I want to let everyone know that
right now I'm downloading a game
there's no way I can play papers please
on a stream while trying to talk to you
guys while trying to talk in general
like I don't know if I could play papers
please by myself
okay yeah next time we're will do that
again sometime when we're both in the
same room yes absolutely here's that
here's the thing about me I love reading
I am a very slow reader I enjoy reading
I read all the time from real books and
everything but I just I I am a very slow
reader and so processing that much
information that fast it's a little much
for my crock o dial brain and know we're
not gonna play pictionary tonight we
we've said we said on Wednesday that we
are going to do a special holiday our
special holiday pictionary giveaway
we've talked about this for a while
where we're gonna we're gonna do pick
mspaint pictionary and guess the movie
title right mm-hm and and rich and I
have a bunch of games in our steam gift
library that we are going to give away
to people
and we'll make it a special holiday
stream cuz that'll be fun some of some
of them you may want yeah it's gonna be
raisin
here's the question is the rich Evans
builds his new PC stream we could try
and work that into a regular Wednesday
Sunday thing or are we okay if that we
just do that when the parts are here and
even if it's on our off day I think it
depends on how close it is like for
example if we have all the parts on a
Monday I'm not gonna want to wait I'm
telling you right now Jack if we get
okay how about this if we get the parts
on a Tuesday yeah we can wait till
Wednesday
Oh like if I get them Tuesday morning we
can wait till Wednesday if if not we
will we will just have a special stream
day and stream you building your PC okay
okay we have most of it we have two
parts dump we need two more parts right
now I'm looking at your CPU cooler looks
pretty badass rich I'm not gonna lie I
know what's huge comically large it's
comically large I think it's great
I needed the box for something else I
needed the the box it came in the brown
bag standing on a high shelf no no I
needed I needed the outside box and so
that's you know everything else is in
like the original package box the new
egg boxes yeah but this one I had to
take out of the boxes I needed the box
or something else and so I'm looking at
this beautiful CPU cooler oh oh it
finished downloading I'm gonna go go
ahead I never usually overclock or
anything so this is gonna be the
fanciest cooler I've ever had a use the
the stock one that comes to the
processor no sure okay um sounds fine
are you guys no you're fine everything's
fine okay I'm gonna start a game um
someone gifted me this game saying I
would really enjoy it you guys are gonna
be really shocked by this oh it might
get loud so everybody be warned
everybody but you really warned why does
Jack have Richards computer that's
good question because we trusted it more
being delivered to my house because I'm
home more and so then I can you know
make sure that I I get all the parts
yeah I live in apartment and I kind of
worried about somebody just you know the
them just leaving the package by my door
or the mailbox and people just taking it
yeah so yeah I wanted a delivered to a
house yes and so and I'm usually home
and like I know my UPS guy got a ton of
stuff delivered and so it was easier
that way oh so someone gifted me they
bleed pixels which everyone will be
really surprised that is a pixel graphic
2d side-scrolling action platforming
game also I guess I'm just I'll get this
out of the way right away shut up
it's their games that I like so shut up
but they've not said anything yet but
then again they probably don't know I
tell ya yes I will update this stream
it's gonna take me a second I'm trying
to get the game up and running here we
go so I'm gonna update the stream real
quick it might be loud I need to adjust
the volume I'm know
so many spikes this game apparently I
have not played risk of rain co-op yet
the amount of work it takes to get risk
of rain co-op up and running is
unacceptable to me yeah we looked it's
kind of insane it's dumb so I am turn
they okay so I don't plan on I would
love to play risk of rain co-op on on
kicking and stabbing a young lady's
guide to the fighting arts music yeah
this is neat and this this by the way
this was a reference in guacamelee that
I didn't get there was someone with like
bloody cramp hands and guacamelee
and I didn't know what it was oh oh oh
that's neat
great stabbing is functional but won't
get you combo points or style avoid but
mashing there's more effective ways of
killing
let me demonstrate a new technique and
still and that be okay
now you try oh so you can kick enemies
against the spike
if Phoenix asks yes there are spikes in
this game let me demonstrate great ok Oh
whoopsie this jump oh ok somebody in the
chat earlier mentioned like the thief
games being on sale uh-huh I guess I'll
mention their ownselves I'm a fan of the
thief games but don't bother trying you
give them to me or anything cuz I
already already owned them I felt like
copies of the original on CD and I'm
actually actually like if I like enough
actually years ago bought a second copy
of like thief 1 & 2 so I own I own them
on disc twice then I also own them on
gog.com so it would be a waste of a rich
Evans gift because I own three copies of
thief 1 & 2
this is this is a lot of internal rich I
know you hate tutorials a lot intro I'm
sorry sometimes you need to learn things
in order to play game you know I don't
like learning things rich what are your
opinions on the Jedi Knight video game
series one of the only two good Star
Wars franchises as far as games go the
Jedi Knight games are good and I like
the TIE fighter games we've talked about
kotor I know you're gonna bring it up
kotor it and go fuck itself it really
can I hate that game
I really dislike kotor but i and you and
i dislike it i think for different
reasons
looks like I'm you know the truth is I'm
really not all that into the Star Wars
Star Wars as a universe sure you know I
could take it or leave it
Jedi's are just boring because I'm a
human being and I do crave action
adventure and excitement and they just
make for boring characters because they
they're not allowed to have a motion
right right you can't how do you root
for a Jedi
well they're dull sacks of shit see this
needs to be the tutorial see you like
how I'm controlling the character and
it's like Oh jump over this or you don't
make it right this is a tutorial level
not not the like watch me do a thing
watch me do a thing and then you get to
do a thing right
you do a thing that's a tutorial this oh
I should have skipped that stupid
tutorial this is exactly this is what we
needed right here and a Patek
right
are you enjoying this game care um we're
aiming you know right now I'm just
getting into it and we were we were
dealing with boring tutorials before so
right now is it so complicated that you
needed this tutorials no that's the
thing is like it's explaining right now
it's explaining everything through game
play and so there's there's two
tutorials yes this is the second
tutorial which is bullshit that does
seem weird oh I said I see what I can do
here but they really want to make sure
you know how to play the game yeah which
you know like fair enough we should know
how to play the game but when you're
first level is full of like when you're
first level is full of all of the stuff
you need to know to get just to get
through the level you don't need the
rest of you don't need it like a a watch
me do shit tutorial level or maybe you
do because I'm sucking but whatever
haha gotcha oh I died okay great
shad is asking me which which Arkham
game I think is the best I would say
Arkham Asylum for story
Arkham City for gameplay oh yeah yeah
I'm a city doesn't know what it wants to
be about it has a main plot but it takes
a backseat is it like some things feel
more like a side question
okay I can't tell you how excited I am
to play those games mm-hmm
they're really good I've heard I died
again
I've dad again Arkham origins well well
game II clay was is just basically it
but somebody copied Arkham City they
didn't really they even like reused a
lot of the same map which makes sense
some degree because you know Gotham City
wouldn't change but I mean it's
basically they duplicated the previous
game
story-wise I like origins actually
better than than City which I'm sure is
not a popular opinion doesn't have as
much polished stories not old as well
story itself I kind of liked it's fine
it's fine
everything's fine
that kills you oh oh okay I'm learning
I'm learning stuff I'm learning stuff
not well
oh okay no no I'm just gonna die I told
jack he's only hurting himself by not
playing the Arkham games but I know he's
going to at some point yeah I want to
play the Arkham games it's not like I've
been I haven't been avoiding them I just
haven't gotten around to it so once once
once once Arkham Knight comes out I can
tell you for sure I'm gonna do a review
on that one yeah that's gonna eat that's
gonna be an episode oh yeah
I should wait is it checkpoint thing
very interesting mechanic in this game
is in order to get a checkpoint you need
to you need to stand still you reach a
certain level and then like interesting
or bad interesting you know like it's
it's very unique of a game to ask its
players to not play you know like in a
in a brawler in an action game it's like
ok this is getting real just stand still
for a moment you don't want to okay so
I'm gonna be ok with it because it's
it's interesting oh I'm ok with it I
guess this one thing
it's just weird again oh so rich yep I
did a stupid thing this weekend what
what did you do that was stupid
my cousin was in town my cousin who I
loved dearly and he's not in town very
often so anytime he is I will take any
excuse oh no wait I want to go in there
so I want we're gonna die just so I can
get to the checkpoint again
he was in town and it's like oh you want
to hang out sure and he goes but you
know what I'm really in the mood for I'm
really in the mood to just go see a bad
movie I said okay I can be done with
that and you know he knows about best of
the worst and all that stuff yes just
like do you want me to get you something
like we can watch we can I can take care
of that yes we have quality bad movies
yes I can I can meet all of your bad
movie needs and he's like no like I want
to go to a theater and see a bad movie
knits like Oh what and he's like I kind
of want to go see Dumb and Dumber to
okay and you know sure all right
you could have free watched samurai come
listen you could have done that yeah
instead we saw we went to go see Dumb
and Dumber to and Madam man is that a
bad game it's bed game I mean they turn
it into a game they turned it into a
game the game is can you stand this
movie long enough to not go running from
the theater is that a shocking thing the
shocking thing was I went in expecting
it to be bad yeah and it still was worse
and much worse than what really yes okay
okay yes to a thousand degrees
I've never seen the foot you've never
seen the first one no oh oh you should
see the first this might be redundant
but it looks dumb what I mean yeah it's
funny cuz I like kingpin a lot oh okay
no the first one I think is really funny
I really enjoyed that I have not seen it
as an adult oh fuck I remember really
enjoying it obviously as a kid because
because of that but no it's it's way
worse than you could ever imagine in
fact the entire movie just rehashes bits
from the first one and it does so it
does so unapologetically so much so that
at the the end credits sequence is
literally them showing you scenes from
the first movie and how they redid them
in the second movie really yes that's
kind of shameless yes was it worse than
the one they made with you know the
prequel one if it was called dum dum Oh
When Harry Met lawyer but yeah was it
was it worse than that I don't know
because I did not see that okay I'm
gonna say it is though because because
it's it's Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels
and you expect more from them mm-hmm I
do if at least maybe that's it maybe
it's a dumb thing to expect more from
them I don't expect more from them in a
movie called dummy
hey I expect water out of Jeff Daniels
but and that that's an exception
sure but like you know Jim Carrey is a
talented comedian
they have them and the Farley brothers
have made a good what are you using your
checkpoint yes yes
okay I just make it sure thank you I did
notice that not in time
obviously I did not know is that in time
but I did notice it eventually okay I
just want to make sure I couldn't see
you check my dad because I'm so here's
the most frustrating thing about going
to see Dumb and Dumber to in the theater
so the theater was silent during the
movie which you know that's a great
slide during a comedy yeah it got
exactly one laugh out of me I remember
the joke it was it was fine joke it
wasn't a great joke but it's like okay
that's oh that's a joke we can deal with
that say 'no you once you want to see a
bad movie right yeah why would you go
yeah we know bad comedies don't work
sure sure I wouldn't know to see a
comedy that you know was gonna be bad um
I thought I might get some cheap laughs
out of it okay and you know like I
really did like I really enjoyed them a
dumber I think sir you know and again I
have not seen it recently but I remember
really enjoying it so
I go with the expectations of you know I
might get some cheap laughs maybe some
nostalgia right I'll take nostalgia
that is his Jim Carrey talented or is he
just a gimmick that's well past his
prime I think Jim Carrey is talented
okay I leaned towards gimmick with him
there's a flash in the pan he was
banished kind of thing
he made silly faces and that's a he as a
comedian he has an ability to commit
that needs to be applauded you know like
what you call silly faces is is really a
a harsh commitment to a character into a
gag okay and and that needs to be that
needs to be respected I think that could
just be me I know I'm uh I'm a comedy
guy but as a comedian I definitely
respect what Jim Carrey has done with
his early career
and then you know like with the rest me
he has come a long way from being the
token white guy on in living color yes
yes he really has
I'll count what was that there was like
a slow down time okay yes he is come a
very long way
oh great ah so in any case it's just sad
and then you know like it's sad because
they're their old men and you know
they're doing these same jokes and and
they're awful and it's not funny the
timing just isn't right and then they
show these they show these sequences or
you know like they show these still
images from the first movie and they say
oh look you know we've done we did this
bit in the first movie now we did it
here isn't that funny he's not great
don't you like that as a fan and you can
see the difference of their characters
like the amount of especially in Jeff
Daniels like say what you will for the
character oh shit no well now he doesn't
give a shit but for a Dumb and Dumber he
actually like he committed to that role
you know like shit there was some
character in there you could see in his
eyes but no that wasn't his first role I
know it's his first major role well
since he was big somewhat big before
them wasn't he
oh yeah yeah
but he's a talented actor yeah yeah
the chant was comparing me to Jim Carrey
and look I I never said I was talented I
have never made that claim yeah if you
want to if you want to make that
comparison that's fine that's really
funny rich Evans I never said I was
talented I never said that
I want this bonus thing I want this
bonus thing I don't even know why I need
it but you know you see the bonus thing
you say I should have that what does it
do Jeff I don't know what it does it's
just just honest thing just a thing that
it takes more effort to get so I want it
that's all I know
that's all I know about it so so anyway
to get to my point here movie theater
dead silent during the comedy oh yeah
yeah long stretches of at utter absolute
silence a couple of people laughed at
points you know I that I did not laugh
at but you know that's fine
that's that's their taste oh wait I can
checkpoint here guys
great so then the people behind us who
you know I've been hearing not laugh at
the movie I hear them talk to each other
and just say oh how did you how did you
like the movie and I go yeah like
there's good but I've heard them not
laugh at the movie
how can you see that cuz they like the
original and there's some nostalgia
involved yes but if you don't laugh at a
movie right yeah I don't know I'm not
one of these people I can't say what's
going on in their heads
why not rich I don't do that well damn
it rich who's really bad so we went back
we went back to his place and we played
a little wiki Wars I don't know if
you've ever played wiki Wars but it's a
super fun game itself it's a lot like
six degrees of Kevin Bacon okay but
instead of taking Kevin Bacon from movie
to movie you take Wikipedia articles
okay and you try to get from one
Wikipedia article to the next only using
blue links from Wikipedia
and so you know you do dumb things like
I want to say we started off with like
we started off with we were at Android
operating systems uh-huh and he needed
to get to George Washington the first
president of the United States and
surprisingly easy that's the thing
you'll learn about wiki Wars is it's
surprisingly easy to give anything
Android operating systems were named
after sweets right and so he went to
like one which was called like jelly
bean and then jelly bean is an American
candy American goes to history of
America goes to past presidents super
easy yeah so we did a little bit of that
his wife then call those nerds and went
to bed what is this just something you
do on your own yeah it's it's just a
dumb it's it's like six degrees of Kevin
Bacon where it's not an official game
it's just one of those like yeah it's
like trivial it's like a trivia game
where you just do it to pass the time so
then you know someone you start
somewhere you start anywhere on a random
Wikipedia article Danny that's up and
then someone then the other person names
like a random thing you know you just
try to think of the most dissonant thing
that you can think of I want to say we
went from George Washington to
we go from there we went to from George
Washington to Sonic the Hedgehog mm-hmm
and so then but you can only get to the
the other article from Wikipedia link to
blue links you have to stay within
wicked Wikipedia hold on Jack needs
another Jack needs another snack okay
get your snack for anyone oh I brought
it with last time I took a break for
anyone wondering I am drinking an old
chub scotch ale
really great dark beer peasants
wintertime and I like dark beer in the
wintertime it's a fun game and and at
first like his wife his new wife was
very like interested she's very
supportive of nerdy type things and then
she she lasted a couple rounds and she's
like I'm done I'm done with this and we
we understood sure oh that's all I got
rich oh yeah I can't comment on this
game I've never played it
no it's you know what it might be it
actually could be a really fun gamers
dream just like a Wikipedia like a
Wikipedia page well you know we'll do it
when we do mspaint pictionary again we
get bored of that will go to wiki wiki
wars wiki works I really like that idea
shit we should have played that tonight
this would that would've been a great
game to play to him
you can't stop playing this what time is
it it's 11 no you know this is fine this
is a fine game I'm not terribly into it
yeah
sounded like him to be something up your
alley yeah buddy somebody didn't know
what your steam was they they sent it to
me and said can you give this a jacking
look out fast along no this it was the
it was the correct called thinking that
this would be something up my alley
because it is the thing I'm not actually
down with is like just the like the
character design I'm not into like the
god thing right well I also I'm sure
they're going for something stylized but
the background you know the actual
levels just looks lazy yeah just this
black outline look
ya know and it all fits in the style
it's just not a style that I'm
particularly fond of so it's fine
oh so this is this question somebody
asked a while ago are there any non
mainstream comics you're a fan of give
me an example of a non mainstream comic
well I won't level I will tell your mind
first time okay great
Cerebus is really good until Dave sim
found religion and then the Cerebus
started to get really really bad but
Cerebus the artwork service the aardvark
is the actual name of the comic book
you've got a writ of service I've not
heard you're a comic wizard
yeah and you're a comic book nerd oh my
god Jack you should be ashamed you you
you have to turn in your your comic book
fan badge now oh yeah yeah it's like
it's like the first major independent
comic book famously famously shortly
after he started doing the book he C
claimed that it was it was only gonna go
300 issue and Sarah was gonna die and a
300 issue and he did it oh great yeah
but the book was bad long before they
got there like he he actually did lose
his mind like around the time when the
book was getting bad I think he actually
there were like 20 straight issues where
service was just hanging out her bar for
like 20 to 30 issues straight
all right that's really funny
yeah it started as a Conan parody and
then it got like weird and and political
and whatnot and then it just went crazy
no I've never I've never even heard of
this yeah sounds great I'm saying I I
wanted to answer that question just
because like literally earlier today I
was rereading some service I was
rereading parts of high society and
church and state
shot you haven't heard of it I'm sorry
I'm so sorry if my sometime if my credit
it's okay
is it though the the tick would count
okay as a non mainstream and I would
also claim that the original not like
that like the Archie comics version but
the original black and white Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtle comics but
definitely countess means non mainstream
cops okay oh but I've thought of it it's
probably the Johnny the homicidal maniac
series okay okay I want to say those
count as as non mainstream comics even
though he went on to do some mainstream
stuff
I don't have this down but the the
Johnny the homicidal maniac was really
really beautifully fun that or Scud the
disposable assassin which I know we've
talked about a ton but discovered
disposable assassin is something that is
right up my alley
as far as like you know robot assassin
robot assassin anytime you have a robot
assassin I am down that's my real that's
my general rule in life
I agree Colonel rich mustard I do want
to play something else somebody in its
yet some somebody in the chat is poking
fun at the Howard the Duck comic books
okay you know I do like the Howard the
dark comic books because if you're
thinking about the movie that's that's
not really what the original comic books
were right yeah the original near the
original Howard the Duck is actually
deep there they're bringing it back
yeah I'm sure date I'm sure God I'm
drawing a blank on his name I'm sure
Steve Gerber is rolling in his grave
Gerber is rolling creator of holiday bug
sure box
I blocked
I've been already here
well I'm sorry they might do it justice
who knows
Wow
are you done with this game jack I mean
pretty much but you know I want to see
what I want to see what I can do
no problem I'm just wondering if you get
ready to call it or play something else
hello caller stream yeah I just opened a
new snack that's fine reason that's
that's my read that's my reason that's
all the reason again which I'm sure is
enough for most of you know we can go
look you know what let's do a little
wiki Wars sure because why the hell not
kick the bomb guys that's what you do I
am starting like I'm getting this game a
little bit more and more here and there
which I do like
but still it's it's just not my
definitely not my cup of tea but I'm
getting it wife calls lots of calls for
Oregon Trail oh it's definitely too late
now for the trail but that was Oregon
Trail was really fun
I'm outta here
Turkish okay yeah I'm done this is a
fine game I'm fine with this game not
necessarily my um I don't like the look
yeah that's the real thing that's
killing it for me is not liking the look
and then the gameplay isn't the gameplay
isn't intriguing and enticing enough to
make up for the look that I don't like
yeah much like I was thought we were
talking about earlier with spelunky
where it's like I don't necessarily like
the look of spelunky but the gameplay is
so perfect that it makes up for it I
wish I could like if I knew how to mob
my game stuff I would definitely like
palette swap everything in spelunky okay
and I think it's weird you're not liking
it because he asked a big nose that's
weird
but then again then again I don't like
the look of Arkham Knight Batman so Who
am I to talk I was using 1/4 of the mugs
you're right no you're right I was
playing the game wrong yeah you're
absolutely right and I apologized and
I'm sorry I mean I get a internet thing
up here no yeah well no the big nose was
like an example of the art style that it
didn't like you know mm-hmm like it's
you know just very very Curt

[Part III]
okay Wikipedia Wars real real quick
bong Doug Bongo Doug says rich wants
your ex-cons dreams about the game
yesterday any starting advice it's a
good evenly the best the best starting
advice I can give you is grenades are
your friend don't be afraid to use them
liberally and that's good XCOM starting
advice don't don't take chances on shots
if you can easily get rid of something
with a grenade all right clear browsing
history first probably I never use this
browser but I will I'd by the XCOM board
game chat but I'm probably never gonna
be able to find somebody to play it with
I've heard some interesting things about
the ex-con board game not necessarily
good things I don't know anything about
it because I'm never gonna find anybody
why bother
Frank well so what have you heard I've
heard it's it's good but it's very um
it's it's very top-heavy as far as the
rules are concerned okay and so I don't
know that means it would be a good or
bad board game I just I just I heard
it's a lot and so they know that's
that's the other thing is just like
convincing people convincing people to
play a game where it's so intense up
front and it's so isn't like a board
game or some more like a warhammer kind
of thing it's it's a board game but it
has like a voice-activated thing like it
gives voice commands really yeah huh
I've heard good things in the board
gaming community as it as it is the
board gaming community as it's okay I
saw a great I saw a great suggestion
is getting from Dark Souls 2 to mustard
now is there a limit or you just see how
long it takes what is the so there's a
couple different ways to play the game
hold on we're gonna sit we're gonna
start at Dark Souls Dark Souls 2 was was
the initial on so here's here's Dark
Souls 2 there's a couple different
variations the variation I'm gonna play
is number of clicks and so we're gonna
try to get the least number of clicks
possible and you know usually if you're
playing against someone you play um you
play you know like who can who can get
to the next one with fewer clicks right
there I did it - you did it in - no I'm
completely bullshitting you you got me
okay so you did well you it was very
convincing you always call yourself a
bad actor but you are very convincing
okay let's see here
Spike Video Game Awards that might get
us somewhere so so then it's these blue
links that I'm talking about all of
these links in the main article of a
Wikipedia page link you to other
Wikipedia articles and that's the that's
the key you have to stay within
Wikipedia in order to get there so this
is the game so it's a little bit of fast
reading and it's a little bit of just
kind of finding a way to get to the most
generic thing possible this is actually
gonna be really hard but I could go
video game I could just go to like the
general video game thing and see if I
can get to like a food video game and
that it might get us to food so there is
strategy involved there's strategy in
this made up game okay I'm gonna go to
general video game so we got one we got
one move in general video game
oh this was a bad idea already I can
tell this is already oh my god
I did it today oh you know we should get
do I have music here
someone made music for us never told you
about this yet uh yeah I haven't heard
it yet though someone made music for us
I don't think I have it on this side of
the computer just to use in our chances
like this and I really like it it will
be featured it will be featured in the
next previously recorded so you'll get
links then okay let's see here
game controllers handheld devices arcade
games you know what you know what know
what I'm gonna try for dark souls2 are
you are you in Wikipedia right now yeah
I am
Bandai Namco Games ok Namco's Namco
should take you to pac-man uh-huh heck
man should make some reference to fruits
which could get you food oh my god
that's great oh wait one click man AAMCO
I got two Easter eggs ok Easter Egg oh
no it's Easter eggs India I need to get
to you damn it Oh
see also oh oh no no this is gonna this
is not working
Apple Macintosh all right Namco Games
I'm doing right now list of Namco Games
so that's - I'm gonna have a Macintosh I
meant I'm at four scroll all the way
down to the bottom here maybe I see
pac-man I can't see no I'll have to
click on rather more recent pac-man
pac-man rally since 3 I'm at 3 I got to
McIntosh Apple I mean I'm literally in a
food when I'm at 5 your honor
okay
hahahaha that's for all right
no I need fruit give me fruit fruit I
need fruit fruit god damn it where are
you keep it you can't fit maze
intermission switches animes no I don't
want enemies I want fruit why can't I
find a fruit
I know I know they're gonna make some
madman right figured I'd get the freebie
you know give them some gotta give ya no
mention of fruit on the pac-man page
okay Apple it's me to six I got to
McIntosh Apple just to Apple wait where
are we going again we're going to
mustard okay here we go here we go
cooking cooking might get me there oh no
we got this we got this I'm here I'm in
Apple I am in regular Apple Apple okay
fruit to Apple and I think if I go to
cooking I can get there or did cooking
go okay so cooking is seven though I got
to cooking Apple oh I'm so on for I'm
looking for a fruit reference dammit
oh oh here we go brown sugar raisins
cinnamon cinnamon is a spice and so is
mustard right right okay I went to
cinnamon I'm at eight I think I've hit a
dead end on the pac-man page there's no
dead ends well I'm thinking I'm thinking
with the best way to get back on
something here yeah you got a roll out
here you're oh you're still in pac-man
well yeah I'm at four because there's so
many blinks on this pac-man page it's
ridiculous okay from cinnamon I'm
getting to spice by the way
okay come on come on there's mustard in
here there's mustard in here I'm sure
there's mustard in here I'm in spice
come on where are you
chilli powder mixed spice Old Bay
seasoning
oh it's somewhere in here it's got to be
somewhere in spices most food is a spice
isn't hers here's a link to Popeye that
should take me to spinach so I'm at five
now you went to fall by yeah love it
some reason there was a link to Popeye
on the pac-man page come on spinach give
me spinach yeah big money big money no
whammies no whammies how could there not
be a link to spinach on the peg and the
Popeye page there's not a length of
spinach on the population yet and I'm
like a quarter of the way down place
decide upon hamburgers are often served
with lettuce bacon tomato onion pickles
cheese and condiments such as with two
fingers up so it's seven it's okay I'm
at nine and I'm only on Spike I'm not
getting there I am NOT getting there no
okay how I mean I have to relent because
you won right you can keep going till
you win No so here's how I think we
should do it here's how I think we
should do it this time because you know
like they can't see what you're
head-to-head yeah and so what is gonna
happen is I am going to be your webpage
okay okay so okay well you're on mustard
right now right yeah I'm going to
mustard so uh mustard mustard condiment
okay you are the most recombinant you
see the spoons full of mustard right yes
yes so I am going to act as your eyes
I'm gonna be your motto okay so from
mustard
so the chat where does rich need to go
from mustard and and so like basically
just talk out your moves and I'll click
along with you right sure and we'll
count your moves and then the next move
I need to get there in less spaces okay
that's how that's how we'll play the
game so let's see if they say where you
need to go sir game P says rich Evans
MLG Pro okay oh okay oh that's a good
one space space can space kamau is
saying you need to get from mustard to
Ginga scon oh right and go OK from
mustard we're gonna click on
southeastern Europe you see it there in
the second paragraph southeastern Europe
boom that's one southeastern Europe yeah
I guess southeastern Europe southeastern
Europe up that's gotta be some kind of
larger map and we can get to China on
here right oh yeah you're devious you
got you by the way you know how to play
the game already look at you yeah yeah a
B only blue links only blue links I'm
looking for something that'll take me to
somewhere in Asia
serving on United Nations no no you had
a coast no no it's not bangs much
helplessly thought it was East Europe is
not very helpful right now how do you
get me out what is this here but you
have something you might need to just
need to hop to another country that's
not I'm thinking about but we'll see I'm
diggin who would have had would have had
some kind of dealings with with China
you know by the way John Kehoe you're
right this is way more entertaining than
five nights at Freddy's
oh wait wait down all the way near the
bottom where it says regions of the
world to those counters that need to be
like in the article like like scroll to
the very bottom devoted yeah when this
is Balkan Peninsula and then there's one
owner that's his regions of the world
who does that count I'm asking you let's
count it let's see what happens
so we're agents are world we'll go with
oh there's a little there's a little
show/hide by the way next on the right
hand side if you show that it shows you
the different regions and that doesn't
that would that that doesn't count as a
quick that does not kind of click a
sweet Asia Central Far East eastern are
you going oh what is China considered
whispers Asia goes Anna I do sorry just
Eastern or South Eastern just give me a
country name you jerk maybe central
maybe China central or maybe yeah we're
gonna we're gonna click on central
Central Asia we're gonna is the click oh
I think we were incorrect but that's
okay incorrect about what no but yeah
well it's fine
this will get okay so now you are two
clicks that is two clicks here Genghis
Khan
angus Khan oh there's a lot of stuff
here there is a lot of stuff here this
is great there's this health section
I don't think Richards gotten here yet
find on yeah the history section what
I'm looking at right now I'm actually oh
I see it it's actually on this page
uh-oh oh no maybe not no but I see
something that'll get you there I think
I see something that'll get you there
we'll see if you see it well be that be
Mongols right this fuse from Mongolia I
wasn't in Genghis Khan
I oh I'm not helping you I'm playing
against you all right that's fine and
don't read the chat I'm on a different
tabs okay click on Mongols you're
clicking on wait where is then that's in
history for Central Asia
it says Mongols Mongols I'm here I don't
see Mongols there do you mean I Mongolia
no it's as Mongols and there's Genghis
Khan right there Mongol I see Mongol
conquest I'm gonna I'm gonna hit back it
back here's here's the page I'm on I
never left Central Asia after I clicked
on Central Asia right now alright so
this is the history section Oh during
the 13th and 14th century the Mongols
conquered and ruled so you clicked on
Mongols that's three
clicked on Mongols and Genghis Khan is
off to the right on that page and a
little side thing oh my god so you guys
in for clicks yeah nice from mustard
mustard ticking his Khan in for clicks
rich Evans you're the greatest
oh my god they're saying you can get
there from Asia that's great okay so
that's great you got there in four
clicks so now chat where are we going so
rich you get to now choose one of the
chat suggestions to go to from Genghis
Khan sure sure
everyone wants red letter media so we're
gonna go with letter media that's that's
winning the vote by a large margin oh my
god okay to red letter media oh and by
the way I see people asking people are
asking about whether or not you can
search the page
you know like use a control F and search
the text though there you go hood there
are house rules something we came upon a
bunch of times going to do that but I
didn't after I saw Mongols okay
something we came across a lot last
night was 3d like gifts of models and we
always thought that all the 3d models
were really funny and so our rule last
night was you could only for every 3d
model you came across you got one search
the page but you know I think you can
okay Genghis Khan it's a red letter
media here we go
oh it says right here Genghis Khan was
an Internet video producer so I think
this is no
you don't think no mmm okay see what we
have your perceptions ooh here by the
way a link I could click on is
mediocrity I get it I get it you think I
have no response to that that one that
bit of slander Oh films depictions and
modern culture here's how we get there
by the way up here is how we get there
I'm liking that he's in video games he
is in films ooh by Pat Morita Pat Morita
is a clear link to red letter media I'm
sure well it's well here's the real
thing Pat Morita is a name I know right
cuz that's mr. Miyagi I'm just I'm just
just jammin with you I know you're
drinkin with me but I'm still gonna
gonna let you know so if I get if I can
get to like Karate Kid that gets me a
safe zone
Karate Kid you know like you know that
right right
wait no damn it
well what no no vice you're not helping
me don't help me
let's see here okay film's Genghis Khan
under the blue sky at Morita getting is
kind of proud son made in Mongolian no
we don't care about that Mongol all
right I'm doing it I'm doing Pat Morita
all right
boom Pat Morita
what was he oh he was in Happy Days
right
so we're at one click we are at one
click with pat morita okay okay oh and
he's got a bunch of his filmography this
is great this is great he was in the
karate dog that would okay that wouldn't
I don't think that I don't think that
will help you that won't help me that
won't help me he was in was it yeah so
now I need to know I need to look if he
was in something that red letter media
has reviewed that would be great that
would be super super great or perhaps
something that George Lucas was a part
of the clicks are counting down but
clicks are kind listen I know I'm
working on it
all right all right I got a read here
Alice in Wonderland night Patrol I
haven't time ran out Genghis Khan you
word i lord i many of these things I
don't know anything Ovie's here is it
this is gonna be terrible oh no oh no I
might have done a terrible thing at
Murray's I might have been the right
choice rich I don't know how many people
have ever said that in their life okay
okay okay okay okay
improve it improvisational comedy that
won't help me that won't help me Pat
Morita
you're not helping me Ron Howard Ron
Howard is how I get there okay ready
click number two is Ron Howard Howard
all right this is how we get this click
it's it
we are now on Ron Howard famous director
wait how many you got there in four
right yes so I at least need to get
there in four mm-hmm you you got you got
to clutch to go I know so like there is
a film director tab which will obviously
get me to George Lucas which will get me
to Star Wars which will get me to you
right I don't know I don't know that's
too much lunch
no he was in oh yeah see I'm he was in
um goddamn George Lucas movie he was in
American Graffiti okay
he was in great American Graffiti I bet
George Lucas his name is in this well
well we'll see yes here it is Howard
played Steve bolander in a George Lucas
coming-of-age film so do i do we think
that red letter media is linked on
George Lucas's page you know I'm sure
George Lucas probably deleted it if it
was himself I'm doing it
George Lucas here it is film career
philanthropy awards and honors
where's criticism you know he deleted
that whole section oh well I mean I can
get to the Phantom Menace but I'm at
three clicks all right you know what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna I'm gonna want to
search the page here no okay damn it
okay no okay red letter media is not on
the page damn it damn it damn it
I am Weiner you are the winner but we'll
see I mean obviously I can get to all
right so I go
- episode 1 The Phantom Menace is for
and that gets us to reception here it'll
be in reception right it might it might
what if it's not well then then you're
really shits Creek I'm on The Phantom
Menace page and she needs to be I could
tell you the red letter media page
certainly links to the photo Menace then
it has to link back doesn't know does it
doesn't and damn it oh no I'm like oh my
god oh my god it's not here
rich is the alarm sounding in your head
oh no I really thought this was a
surefire thing ah how do I get here then
I I don't know well now it's oh this
I've already done for I've already done
for clicks you get to like film review
in general right
there's critical reception there's a
Roger Ebert will you be able to get you
to some kind of more generic review
section critics think I think your best
bet is Roger Ebert I would think so too
alright 5 is Roger Ebert Roger Ebert
Oh yuck is an American film critic I
can't click on film critic can I I mean
that's just way too vague you see
there's something better there I don't
know that that's a horrible place to
start
oh I mean I've already lost
so now basically we're just gonna see
how big a hole I can dig for myself
right I mean I think this was a hard one
I'm not gonna I mean yeah red-letter
means not a big page it's not a big page
but I should have been able to do that
online Film Critics Society red letter
media is probably not part of the online
Film Critics Society or er are they do
you think I've already done five wait
I'm doing my own mole you're doing a
little thing this is bad you think you
get there from inacol news who maybe oh
hey we have a rogue null rogue No thank
you for subscribing I hope you are
enjoying wiki Wars did you change the
title I did I did I updated this dream
it is now or if yours and maybe rotten
tomatoes so wait what you think it's
bill I'm on it I'm looking on a nicole
news right now to see if I can find a
way down
oh that's where you are I think I got a
I think I got a yeah I think I gotta get
out of here I'm gonna tailspin I am in a
tailspin and there's no getting out I
don't think anything links to red letter
media ha ha ha ha why isn't it we're not
important enough for that oh no it's
true it's really true let's see here
let's see if we can do this rich we now
we have a mission by the way now we have
a mission it's just hit movie Boozer
Metacritic rate this film the Online
Film Critics Society I'm doing it six
the Online Film Critics Society now this
is a terrible place to go
oh my god this is terrible
oh this is the worst place to go this is
the this is the Chad have any ideas how
can we do this oh yeah if we can get to
simon pegg you're right Simon Pegg and
doc of the Dead
or do I just click on something on the
link called the World Wide Web are the
Golden Globe Awards Golden Globe Awards
slant magazine the Internet Movie
Database L threat the moving arts Oh No
okay we can do this we can do this we
can do this we can do this I am going
I'm going to Z oh go ahead what do you
got cuz I got nothing fine Simon Pegg
fine Simon Pegg get to doc of the Dead
okay well I don't know I don't know if
you do it through Simon Pegg or not but
if you can get the back of the Dead yeah
yeah yeah if I can get the doc of the
end oh yeah you're right I should have
done know but Star Wars film cultural
impact I did not see the People vs
George Lucas yeah I didn't see it I
didn't see you you you thought for sure
there would be a link from the Phantom
Menace of man sided that's what went
wrong my hubris was my downfall see the
prequel fans like hate red letter media
with like a ridiculous amount of venom
sure and I'm sure they patrol that page
and delete any reference to Romania sure
every prequel fanboy is policing that
shit I absolutely believe it yeah I've
moved on by the way I've clicked another
one where it's
seven to the Academy Awards I don't know
you know where I don't know where I
don't know where I'm going okay
this is the absolute truth or the rings
rings maybe best visual effects best
short film what am I doing here rich I'm
gonna tailspin
why is The Hurt Locker filmed every The
Hurt Locker has the best wiki guy I've
seen The Hurt Locker on every single one
of these pages all right Eric Emmy I'm
not saying dock of the Dead on simon
pegg page oh that they could just mean I
haven't seen it well he should he should
have like a simon pegg filmography right
filmography year just just the last few
years even it's not listed really yeah
damn - from 2012 to now nothing's duck
of the Dead um okay it won't be in the
television section here we go games
here's what we do here's what we do
current current categories in Academy
Awards
there's gotten what's documentary right
okay okay so a where is it
Best Documentary Feature so this is a
list of best documentary films so we
good so that's eight nine is just
documentary films that's where we are
now
modern documentaries let's see where we
can come up with here modern
documentaries supersize me Fahrenheit
right right right this Armando films
and documentaries
see also oh no no bad idea bad idea
Oh Oh Jack bad idea Oh Jack this has not
worked out well for you jack is terrible
at this game
oh wait has Simon Pegg been in a movie
recently has he been in a big movie
recently at World's End start tricking
the darkness how recently do you want
well I see a I see a link here for
box-office uh-huh I'm clicking on it
that's ten why'd you even ask that you
know he's been in movies yeah I know but
anything big where is like list of
highest-grossing films would he'd be on
that and maybe clicking on it listen I
know I don't know if any of the Star
Trek see either of the Star Trek's he
was in made that much okay well here we
are this gets us somewhere useful so now
I'm on the list of highest-grossing
films right so we can go to avatar but
obviously we had a really bad luck with
episode 1 mm-hmm
on here is I'm sure I'm sure what is
that a Star Trek movie even on here no
it's not this is just getting worse this
is Oh would it be on the Indiana Jones
do you think they talked about Indiana
Jones Crystal Skull do you think it was
reference nothing there no well wait I
don't know it might be this is the thing
like we had bad luck with with um I'm
doing it I'm doing Indiana Jones you
need you need to find doc of the Dead I
do need to find dr. the dead I agree
that doesn't look like it's gonna happen
oh oh this has a bunch in critical
reception this has a bodge okay hold on
ronzo oh this couldn't get us two Rotten
Tomatoes the Saturn Awards Empire Razzie
Awards at the movies jumping the shark
South Park South Park now they wouldn't
that wouldn't get it there would you
even I mean so pried up it's it's it's a
link it's a link I can click on your
you're an intelligent human being and
you know better I died I'm just thinking
I'm just thinking rich that's all I'm
doing is thinking and oh this is know so
this cuz I just know I want very much
one but here here's gonna be the fun
part is you need to get from red letter
media to somewhere else
uh-huh as soon as I can get to red
letter media well see if I can beat 55
yeah let's hope let's hope I can get
back to George Lucas this is all I can
do Chet Chet saying at least somebody in
the chat I'm sure other people have
found ways to do this to Genghis Khan -
John Wayne twentieth Century Fox - Star
Wars - cultural impact of Star Wars the
People vs George Lucas - red letter
media
okay so then thirteen is going to be
back to George Lucas which that was
already on 14 is then 14 is then Star
Wars mm-hmm 15 well let's see if you can
beat four Jack you need to beat
wait I'm in legacy where's cultural
impact Oh God everything's gone
everything is gone you you just want to
stay uncle no no I mean listen now it's
this is the mission right all right I'm
here I'm here at star wars and people
have already said we can do this in Star
Wars it's I think the information
production history prequel trilogy what
you write by the way what the fuck
Lord chaos 2 3 7 1 thank you for
subscribing for this exciting round of
wiki Wars
well how are we there's no cultural
impact
there's no cultural impact at all there
is critical reaction but that doesn't
get us anywhere we already know that
expanded universe other films animated
series literature games fan works fan
works JP versus the world says put me in
a game coach I know I know I'm so sorry
Jack it's the World Series you've you've
given up seven runs in the first inning
but I'm still playing they're gonna pull
you does that count
first was this is not in here by the way
people oh my god wait where is this this
no no I mean it's
but where is this linked to hold on Oh
bond which Lucas
there's this sighted oh my god wait this
is this is waged in legacy for Star Wars
yeah it says main article cultural
impact of Star Wars so it's another
clique god damn it legacy cultural
impact okay so that's another clique so
now we're at sixteen people versus
George Lucas is 17 and 19 degrees of
separation then over here to see also
red letter media reviews so so 18 I got
there in 1800
previously recorded on the Wikipedia oh
really
hey thanks guys sweetness paid Jack
Packard aired a solo live stream under
the previously recorded band on Sunday
nights the format changed to hack and a
half when the rich Evan started joining
him on skype by the way you guys are way
up on it yeah if I can't make it they'll
still them there will still be Jack solo
streams if I can't make it
yes I'm so yeah okay so rich yeah oh
yeah we I mean yeah we have to do better
than that
oh my god Elvis Elvis has a great idea
are you ready rich yes you have to go
from red letter media to Tamagotchi
alright do you remember what time all
rights are
yeah there's little virtual pip things
right
let's see epidemics 1 we are working on
pre-record much we are working on it oh
my god wait red-letter rich are you
reading the red letter media I'm on it
right now what am I supposed to be
looking at on the red letter media is a
film video production company operated
by independent filmmakers mics tu casa
previously GMP Pictures jaebum
informally it brings blank screen cinema
and ginga's calm previously of manga you
guys are great don't listen you can't
edit don't get media page while we're
playing the game get that out of there
get that out of there okay what are you
doing
alright I'm the red letter media page
scale down - previously recorded okay
we're gonna try clicking on rogue like
on rogue like that should get me to
games generally Jorah
oh pardon me
why isn't Genghis Khan ever on the
stream he's too busy for us I'm sorry I
don't know my mother
oh he's right there oh thanks Genghis
for stopping by that was genuinely very
funny thank you for that whoever did
that but but please correct Wikipedia
it's important what's the time I got you
out
are you still on rogue-like yeah I could
it's not gonna be a regular video game
though I figured might be own video
games are better than film criticism so
I figure I'm closer
hmm there's a link from 1980-1988
in video gaming there's a release in
1980 oh you try - what year do those
goddamn things start coming out mmm cuz
it could be real quick if I knew the
year I go to 1980 in this probably links
to different years right I mean 90
whatever and go right to Tamagotchi oh
that would be timing that'd be great
damn it would be great if you knew damn
people are saying that it's it's easier
than you think because Tamagotchi
is a roguelike which would be hilarious
right did I go for it go for the year do
I try and look for something that'll get
me to like virtual pet games you know
this is all this is all up to you I know
I'm I'm thinking it out to myself let me
I mean look at the different links they
have here around the robe like thing and
see if I can find one I think is the
best way to go about doing this
I'm a deaf cheating no the symmetric no
action games platformers no no no yeah
there's a lot there's a lot in here hmm
oh my god
there is there is something pokemons
yeah that's what I'm thinking
I mean that's the that's the smart
choice unless there's something um I'm
clicking on Pokemon pokemons it's too
late I've done it that is number two red
letter media to rogue like to pokemon
shit just got real pokemon media
franchise published by japanese video
game company nintendo owned by the
pokemon company yada yada a Game Boy
Game Freak Mario merchandise trading
cards Hey Hey You Pikachu was that the
one were you you had the microphone you
talked to Pikachu yes okay that's an
option hey look at you it looks like a
desk thing will you raise the Pikachu
right sure
Shauna I mean I'm gonna look don't worry
about that sure I'm putting that I'm
putting that in my index no I like it I
like hearing earring you know you're
explaining your math and I think that's
right that's why I should be doing for
this rather than just silently of
reading here no no I'm just kind of
reading through to see if I see anything
better
are you date which plays Pokemon says
that he might be linked on this
although not while rich is reading I'm
gonna scroll down and see if
twitchplayspokemon is on this page which
would be great yeah there is in early
2014 an anomalous an anonymous video
streamer on Twitch launched twitch plays
Pokemon an experiment trying to
crowdsource playing subsequent Pokemon
games starting with pokemon red hey
that's great congratulations twitch
plays Pokemon you've made it to the big
league you are easy we can get to you
from red letter media in three clicks
that's pretty exciting still seeing what
all links they have on him
hey don't edit the wikis I'm reading
this I'm reading you chat don't edit the
wiki's diamond and pearl doesn't help me
by the way dick the birthday boy would
like us to mention that there are 600
people watching - nerds fritter away
their Sunday night on Wikipedia
absolutely but by the way I'd like to
think that we're learning a little
something you know like it's trivia it's
it's uh you know you read you some of
the Wikipedia articles gain a little
knowledge Oh dick the birthday boy I
want rich to play a Pokemon game
I love the Pokemon games if I have not
said so yes
they sound dreadful you know I really so
I really want rich to play them I don't
know if we will do it for like a another
classic game episode or if we'll just
stream it but I really really want rich
to play what are you coming up with rich
what do you think I'm thinking hey you
pick at you but I'm still looking
there's this is a large fucking wiki
article here yeah yes it is
cultural influence there we are or is
culture oh that's what I'm reading right
now cultural influence that's a good
that's a good place hey the show reboot
is mentioned they're rebooting rebooting
I'm assuming that's a joke it's not a
joke
I mean it's it's a pun but yes they
someone sent me a link to an article
they are remaking reboot which I'm very
excited about
I don't think um region Munda ridge neck
I don't think Pokemon is grinding is
grindy yeah you mentioned that
Pokemon is kind of grindy I don't think
so I think you level along with the game
I'm clicking on Hey You Pikachu okay oh
I'm gonna go back up to the top here
back up to the top here Hey You Pikachu
is click number three I need I need to
find virtual pets yeah okay
I do have an alternate way to do this if
it's not and I don't know if you're
gonna get it here there's not a lot here
well yeah but I didn't see anything else
on the Pokemon thing that was your get
me sir so yeah anyway I like I I like to
think about grinding as like when you
are doing a mundane task solely for the
purpose of raising numbers and I think
in Pokemon they have that balance right
where you're constantly moving forward
you're challenging new enemies even
though you like you're raising numbers
of your Pokemon you're constantly
getting new Pokemon you're switching out
your team you're learning new moves I
think they balance your progression oh
sorry go ahead
no no you finish your thought I just my
way you know I've come to a quick
decision okay well they balance the
progressions very well so it never feels
like a grind to me but also they're
really cute little monsters
where are you rich what are you doing
all right over on the right-hand box on
Hey You Pikachu yeah
genres life simulation game that is
clique number four life simulation game
alright life simulation games simulation
game oh this might this might be it this
this might be is yeah this might be in
well wait till I see it already
there's section for digital pet section
five five red letter media to Tamagotchi
in five moves nicely done
rich that's right lessons of life
simulation right that's great that is
great I think Mandrake was here said I
did it in three what did you do Mandrake
what was your path what was your pants
we're gonna yes I'm Jack is gonna do one
last one before we close out the night
just so I can embarrass myself again but
we I want to see what man Jake did in
three we're waiting for you Mandrake Joe
your work
all to the bottom of the roguelike page
okay okay
hold on back back back back
roguelike scroll to the bottom of the
roguelike page and
Oh video oh my god there is a whole like
links to video game genres oh really oh
well there you go
and I bet that gets you to that probably
does get you did the life simulation
dating sim open world yep that's that's
it okay well see now we're learning
something new Mandrake was here props
you okay wait so now I need to get back
to Tamagotchi all right start naming me
some stuff here and rich gets to choose
the next destination I'll pick it out
but you guys got to pick something I
said that's kind of what we're doing
right I can't come up with it on my own
you can't come with it up with it on
your own unless it's really good I mean
we can do whatever we want but yeah
we've been taking them from the chat and
so you just have to read the chat and
and see if there's if there's one that
you think will be either exceedingly
difficult or just weird enough to be
funny okay first of all you guys did it
again the Tamagotchi is a handheld
digital pad created in Japan by a Korea
and ginga's Khan of Mongolia wait but
seriously you have to stop we're
vandalizing Wiki that's great I think I
think I'm gonna pick another one okay
Ernest Borgnine Ernest Borgnine Ernest
Borgnine oh yeah okay I'm just gonna go
to Genghis Khan no actually ginga's Khan
is not clickable I'd have to click on
Mongolia first oh really okay okay let's
see what we got here let's see what we
got here
I will not I will not cheat knowing that
I'm cheating I just want to see what the
Genghis Khan page says the kangaskhan
thanks to like Tamagotchi right oh okay
there is a film section yeah there is a
film section Tamagotchi the movie I
thought Tamagotchi movie yeah that's so
weird
that's so weird it is it's very weird
consoles no that's not gonna help okay
Tamagotchi digital pets the virtual pet
alien species alien I won't help me get
to her in his Portland gender I'll just
look you know what I'll just look up man
and it'll show me Ernest Borgnine cuz
he's a man oh okay he's a man man yeah
flash that won't get me there
I'm just basically like reading there's
very little blue links party style games
Gameboy your games I think I need to get
to the movie I need to get to the movie
section here so if I click on Tamagotchi
I could you know I could just click on
North American but that get me somewhere
no no mm-hmm
thick criticism and controversy that's
not gonna get me there okay okay I need
I'm gonna click on Tamagotchi the movie
all right that's one click - Tamagotchi
the movie according to the chat the
Ernest Borgnine page has not been
vandalized yet do not touch that arrows
Morgan I afraid I want to get there for
realsies on my own oh my god this was a
terrible place to go
no I'm just gotta get you to some kind
of link about the film in general and
you get to film you should be able to
get to actors I can get to Japanese or
animated film oh no one has updated this
page in a while there's no links
anywhere oh you had a dead end almost
almost I could get two animated film I
am it yeah
well question has he voiced anything I
don't know I have to go animated film
animated film is number two oh my god
history of animation this is not this is
not good I can get so now I can get to
like filmmaking this is taking too many
this is taking too many clicks rich shit
happens sure if it's Jack you gotta deal
with it I can go not not everybody can
search wiki as efficiently as rich Evans
can I can go down you know like those
purple links at the Dan at the bottom
and this might have to be a house rule
that these purple links don't count
because I can just go to any film and
genre right now okay which I might just
do I I did it that first time yeah so
now I can go to any film genre what film
was Ernest Borgnine in I don't know he
was in he was in bass ketball I know
that he was an air wolf that was a TV
show
yeah no II movie get any B movies maybe
a budget major studio blockbuster no dub
I jitan any animal found footage
aníbal oh I can go to cannibal uh-huh
which might get me to cannibal the
musical okay which might get me to to
bass ketball okay that's what I'm gonna
try cannibal films that's three clicks
cannibal films this is a real thing this
is how I'm doing it I mean this is
probably not nope
this is not the way to go no these are
real cannibal films not cannibal me it's
a cult
oh okay back to film genres let me just
double check here let me just double
check that cannibal the musical is not
in here animal Holocaust and history oh
come on come on nope I'm resisting the
urge to backseat wiki because I'm
playing against check was it five on the
Tamagotchi right now that I did you
drive yeah and so that was clique number
three for me okay God darn it you you
can do it jack I know I really thought
that cannibal the musical would be
listed in cannibal films this is so
frustrating
is this more or less frustrating than
rich and I dying constantly in Dark
Souls that's the real question that was
entertaining yeah I mean what would you
do rich
for Borgnine were yet right now I'm in
cannibal films how'd you even get to
cannibal films down and the purple inks
for film genres genre yeah
genres and in there is cannibal and I
thought I could get to cannibal the
musical but apparently he can't I can't
even find cannibals no cannibals is a
genre apparently no nature
outlaw biker pirate prison Road samurais
exploitation slavery slice of life snuff
crush sports spine where it says list of
films by genre
yeah somebody might have removed it I
don't see it what wait where are you now
I'm in film genre then there's a little
purple bar it says list of films by
genre yeah do you see by theme theme my
theme none s bloatation what where have
I gone rich I can't where have I gone
how did I get here I don't know how did
that get here how do I just um tell me
where you're at and I'll just go
directly there cannibal film I am in
cannibal film you have to help me out of
here I can't don't know how I got here
cannibal film Oh alternately known as
the cannibal genre the page cannibal
film does not exist is what I get I am
here wiki slash cannibal underscore film
yeah as I am here you cannot say that
somebody tweeted the page is what
happened we've had more vandalism you
guys are changing
it's like cube that movie cube have you
ever seen
no I haven't it's weather there these
people are it's like a science fiction
horror movie and they're trapped in this
giant cube structure which is a bunch of
cube shaped rooms and they kind of like
shift and rotate and rooms have like
death traps and them but there are the
rooms themselves are always moving a
wrong around sure rooms don't that used
to connect to each other don't anymore
so rich it doesn't count as a clique if
I hit refresh to see what they've done
to the page to see if I can get you can
do that I can do that I you can do that
oh it's still here by the way i refresh
it doesn't look like anything has
changed in be cannibal films
okay that's fine no age okay how do I
get out of cannibal films it's still
here by the way so I don't know how you
have not been here oh wait I found it I
found it I didn't I I only had one end
in cannibal oh well there you go yeah
alright okay oh I need to find Ernest
Borgnine right yes from cannibal film
you sound disappointed in me and I don't
blame you I mean I made a bet yeah like
I made I made a gamble like Oh cannibal
films cannibal the musical Trey Parker
Ernest Borgnine done right like easy
peasy
alright a man called a horse waiting and
errors what where are you
actors yeah cannibal films scroll down
this thing says actors yeah a man called
horse a man called horse and called
horse boom I'm there all right where can
we go from here
now we can go so that's four click so we
can go western film
Western film is pretty good I'm sure
Ernest Borgnine was in a Western film
did this get nominated for any awards or
anything weird like that's nothing of
course not
we just need we're in a weird place
we're in a weird Wikipedia place and we
need to get out come on hold on you're
trying you're trying you do the slow no
oh no I'm scared
I think think about your options jack
your options rich we need to get on a
roof right now and hunker down on the
roof we need somebody who's won an
Academy Award as Ernest Borgnine won an
Academy Award according to something I
read in the chat he has oh that's great
so now it's your Terrace right maybe
where's your Harris let's don't know I
don't know who won an award or wasn't I
don't know who Richard Harris is I don't
know names is an old name he might have
won something at some point okay let's
do it
Richard Harris five boom oh yeah he
looks old academy awards section
memorials okay yeah he's won Best Actor
in a leading role best actor and leading
role I need to find Academy Award
winners and we need to find Ernest
Borgnine okay so six is Best Actor in a
leading role
all right now I'm not gonna look at the
chat anymore because that would be
cheating at this point I just know he's
won an award I don't know if it was Best
Actor or supporting or what so do we go
leading or supporting and as not a
leading man right premise is one one
right now I with with only that we're
still in the same clique or no actually
another click seven is Academy Award for
Best Actor that's where I am right now
where is
the best actor winner thing link earn
that's I just felt Ernest Ernest Ernest
Borgnine there is remark right you
thought it alright I had to control F
but I got to Ernest Borgnine in eight
clicks the most awful fucked-up way
possible I'm sure there was a much
easier way than eight clicks okay you
guys have got to leave this alone are
you on the artist Borgnine page no I did
not said you found it what do they say
you get two Ernest Borgnine read Jack
Packard pronounced Bork 9 was an
American film and television actor whose
career spanned more than 60 decades he
was an unconventional lead in many films
of the 1950's blah blah blah
he played rich Evans in the 1962-1966
series half in the bag
and co-starred in the mid-1980s action
series
Airwolf he is also known for being the
original voice of Genghis Khan before
Robert xodar on SpongeBob SquarePants
you guys are just terrible okay now
everyone in the chat needs to promise
that you're gonna put it back the way
you found it because I think it's really
funny
what is that is that the air wolf theme
hey rich
yeah look look above Ernest Borgnine
picture Ernest Borgnine oh man oh well
that's right he plays the voice of
Mermaid Man on SpongeBob SquarePants I'm
sure there was a much easier way to get
to him oh man I'm sure there was a much
much easier way to get to him than the
way I did it worked you know what it
worked
I think I think we're gonna end it on
Ernest Borgnine because that seems that
seems very fitting um you can do it
through knit listen I think that was
really funny
but seriously go change you back in
everyone should donate to Wikipedia it's
a resource that people use a lot and
don't donate to so donate to Wikipedia
help them keep their own their
wickedness going their wickedness going
to help them keep the information
flowing but also change all the
information back to the correct
information you don't have to change
your bag if you donate donate they can
worry about it though
donate it back or donate
I like that okay okay
I believe we um we're gonna do a
Wednesday so hopefully if everything
works out we'll do a Wednesday but we
might not we were trying to figure out
filming schedule for something that's
coming up but if not soon or not who
knows and soon or not they'll be a
best-of that I mean I yeah that's the
worst episode coming up soon and out
they'll be a best-of or soon or not
there'll be another previously recorded
but thank you to all of the new
subscribers we really appreciate it
thank you to all the old subscribers and
thank you to all of you who just came
out to watch and change the Wikipedia
page is that really that made my night
we're all terrible people as but you
know what we're not terrible people if
you just put it back right that's this
but in any case thank you all for coming
out have a nice one
