Aug 27, 2014
Papers Please, XCOM: Enemy Unknown, Checkers
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42589180, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEG4OBOMJDE
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42587913, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEYzUulfn38
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42587716, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzdCwF0TtUE
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42587178, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTBev2fgWe8
Part V: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42586832, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWdwNogIi04
"Tonight, Rich is playing XCOM... Shit gonna get crazy. Starting around 7:00pmCST" (archive.vn/8xbjJ)
"Paapers Plas! With Rich & Jack" (archive.vn/kuu9P)

[Part I]
hello hello everybody hello ski we're
going to be blank members please for
just a little bit you guys also let us
know if you can hear us and if you can
hear papers please
these are the two important things to
hear if your point play this for a
little bit but every once your wants
show up and then I'm gonna I'm gonna
XCOM this joint motherfuckers I'm gonna
XCOM the hell out of this joint
III and everybody also sounds great
great audio sounds good everybody
welcome our new moderator octo Jay when
you tell me there's no technical
problems shut up Jason I refuse to
believe this oh my god everything just
went wrong um until I'm sorry that my
introduction of our new moderator got
rudely interrupted by Jay no you said it
and I'm written a night midd joke after
oh you're right I didn't interrupt you
in the middle of saying who it was
you're right I was gonna go I had a few
raveloe AB him of these glory are you
gonna have changing the topic I do I
apologize to you and I apologize to octo
Jay say your piece
oh no it's done now I mean you said you
ruined it now sorry bring out my
creators right my whole thing was Jay
ruining it oh I succeeded exactly as
planned
exactly alright so yeah we're what's
happening rich is just gonna play oh no
papers please before we get into XCOM
adding the stupid book fuck you know it
on I tried to blame I'm not okay one day
one I got this done I tried to blade the
other day and someone sent me a link to
a cheat sheet that I kept up on another
editor sure what's the fun if you're
cheating to win I would have won
I didn't go because I'm very witty this
is I'm gonna find if it's is the result
of cheating I'm on I'm on day like 22 or
23 with 70 or more dollars okay my bank
account the well it's not a cheat sheet
what it is is is it's part of you know
you get a little manual that you can put
up on your desk ah deny and what it is
is just part pieces of the manual that I
could put up on a separate screen so
it's not really cheating it's just
giving them more screens but it's just
very much cheating it's just it's just
that cheating that's just cheating it's
just kind of cheating no because the
whole thing with the book is you're
supposed to look through a book and it's
kind of awkward Oh someone says please
comment on ascension millennium by Corey
Feldman you mean the best music video
ever the best song / music videos in
remarks that video and discover
something new several months ago we want
you to share it's everybody the night we
film the best of the worst or you're
draggin the tape behind the card
oh no weed in there then we came back
here and we were watching stupid crap on
YouTube yes I don't know anybody I
watched it I think multiple times oh hey
we just got a new subscriber Frosty's
news thank you for subscribing we
appreciate it that likes watching me
haphazardly play papers please
I like watching you play papers please
this game is so is redic is a ridiculous
amount of fun for a paper work simulator
move into my supplies first day is easy
okay hi brace that you get as much money
as I can this first ace must use yeah
that's right no no good man haha also
you know what might be our like ease of
streaming tonight is we are streaming
we're playing the game on Rich's
computer which is an actual PC unlike
normally we play on my Mac which just
has Windows running on the Mac so maybe
that causes problems I don't know it's
nice
that's nice oh my god Sean wjf just
subscribed as well
everyone loves papers points subhype for
papers please please original we're just
getting through this so fast man also
Thank You octo J for um for uh updating
me on subscribers as well I'm watching
your feed oh my god
gobbledygook just subscribe keep track
of these names cuz wit play XCOM well
hotel they're gonna be they're gonna be
people will tell them the total BS man I
gotta be gook thanks for coming aboard
where do people come up with these
screen names I've got that's a good
question
some were so fun so goofy I always just
do something related to my name sure I
guess I'm just boring oh is that new
backs new backs just subscribed thank
you
subscribers I don't know people happy to
see us
um I don't know yeah I'm kind of locked
into a like a screen name now yeah
harlech where did that come from I'm a
jerk okay I have plenty of money yeah
fuck your heat you're gonna fuck my
ferry what why not I don't like my
family very much um the thing you should
know about me is I've been my wife and I
have been together for a very long time
we were in fact we were living with each
other when email started becoming a
thing
that's how long ah my wife and I have
been together and so I was on when email
was first becoming a thing I was unsure
how it was I thought that we would share
an email address oh I didn't know that
everyone got their own specific email
address and so one of the very famous
just has one limited back then I
I started the internet there weren't as
many email addresses available as there
are now and so her nickname was Horrell
okay named after Harley Quinn does be
the Batman villain I see
and so Horrell and Jack harlech now it
all makes sense and it just kind of
stuck with me okay so that's where that
nickname comes from and that's where I
got mine that's my story everybody
that's great this is great all right
we're telling stories already fantastic
story it is mmm shitman now I know I
never have to ask that again that's true
that's true
Moodle I forget probably will at some
point you probably will probably uh hey
moon front thank you for subscribing we
appreciate you coming out one at email
calm I don't think that's how it works
what was the first email address does
anybody know well there has to be two
first right one one descended one to
receive okay well the first one created
them before there was a receiver oh my
god just the very first email address
ever created someone look at a test or
something I bet there there has to be
one right was that that's a good oh yeah
I was like there's you can find the
first youtube video there has to be a
first email address right I think so for
anyone wondering also rich is playing
rich is playing favorite plays rich is
gonna be playing all night oh you know I
didn't play at all last time so it
balances that's true Oh Jack's confirmed
for Mormon because he settled down so
young son albergues
I've been i amid with my wife since high
school high school sweethearts Oh
oh we weren't sweethearts but I've been
with my fiance well I've known my fiance
since high school yeah yeah okay
let's say you know you fight you find
the right person it's like all right
this is how it's gonna have old rich
everyone's gold that's fine turn your
heat back on that's food off no no you
could do that you cannot give them food
I've never experimented with this before
I'm gonna try and save money this time
uh-huh by like denying things and that
way when times are tough
I'll have the extra bit oh my god it's a
strategy that I'm just trying for the
first time I officially love it the link
to an article about firsts and internet
things oh well there you go
thank you confirmed for J thanks for
subscribing oh my god and mr. Kevin
thank you for subscribing
everyone subscribing and everybody's
cold all people are gonna be hungry
first email was sent in 1971 shut up
yeah sure
who was it say what the email address
was is it is it as an email address it's
still around now own language I doubt it
it doesn't say but okay
first domain server oh yeah there's all
sorts of information Oh our first
picture ever uploaded is that it's a
bunch of ladies that's not a punish
thank you to whoever sent us that link
shed cheat cheat cheat cheat cheat cheat
first item sold on eBay was a broken
laser pointer through it in 1995 nice oh
great I'm gonna bookmark doesn't read
the whole thing later but there's good
looks good she checks through something
is asking what was the first sext ever
well I know that I sent it I sent it to
rich in fact he has still yet to reply
the answer is Doe
Oh Oh someone is asking me to talk about
the Mario Kart 8 mercedes-benz and newly
announced link DLC mercedes-benz DLC we
knew about for a while just it's a core
it's actually a weird corporate tie-in
where you can get some mercedes-benz
carts and I'm not excited about that
because I think they look really ugly
I'm assuming you're excited about
Lincoln extra character new key suit
Mario I don't give I don't give a fuck
about tanooki suit Mario or extra
characters extra courses we get
something like like two extra Grand
Prix's so we're gonna get extra courses
we're gonna get extra carts extra
characters I'm excited about the extra
courses I don't care about having linked
Mario Kart who cares what they look like
I just want that racing yo did I hear
something about a new he suit in Mario
Kart i new keys Oh Harrison Ora see
Mario dress this new key oh speaking of
guys we could use a couple more copies
of new key we're almost there um on VHS
if we get a couple more then we can do
our new key play then we can finally
fulfill the the suicide pact and Anki
suicide pact yeah a pathetic when you
are right the the mercedes-benz DLC is
gonna be free and so we like will get a
couple extra carts and they'll look like
Mercedes Benz but I think they look
really ugly because they look like just
normal cars and that's part of the fun
of Mario Kart is to get these bright
colorful characters and cars I'm really
good at paperwork I love it
that's part o this fuck I love him
hahaha what do I need what's going on
it comes in with a passport made out of
crayon he's great Oh someone asked me if
we're gonna make an entire suit made out
of new key via Jess's a new key like
words the new key character made out it
we're gonna get some guy called Mario to
wear it it's my two new keys oh wait
picture that matched it oh well
wait we're gonna have two new key suits
oh it's a new key suit made out of two
copies of new key I spot two new key
suit oh there's gonna two costumes two
new key costumes I like that too
I like that you like that two new key oh
oh
jail did you give that samurai cop is
alive yes that someone just said it we
should get on that we should look into
this yeah I think you're right like I
see how the cats out of the bag now we
posted that teaser so people know that
we but we get did an interview with him
mm-hmm
um I was jumping on that shit from day
one I think I saw that video that
announcement video but he's still alive
or he's got a shirt off I saw that when
he was still in the single digits yeah I
just happened to be in the right place
at the right time I'm so excited
that's what we were talking about like
about how people found that because he
posted the YouTube video and he is not
involved with social media and his
daughter
oh fuck you dude rich is failing at
paperwork but it still spread like
wildfire and so my guess is that there
was someone who subscribed to his
daughter's YouTube channel there were no
there was nothing on it it was created
just to upload that video she uploads
she created the YouTube channel just to
post that video so then there must have
been someone who had a Google Alert for
Matt Hannon slash samurai cop well I
don't think it
immediately it was he posted it on the
IMDB message board that's where he's
communicating with people and so some
people saw their I just happened to be
because I've been monitoring that
because he was making pose so that
certainly huh and so I was paying
attention to that oh that's right
because he's started coming on saying
that he was alive yeah after every
difficulty but make a video prove it so
he finally did and I just happened to be
looking at the message board right
around the same time he posted that
uh-huh but I think it that's I think
it's IMDB then led to it blowing up okay
okay I don't even know if it blew up but
it got a few hundred thousand or a few
thousand views and then he deleted it
and then he posted it again and then he
deleted that no he posted it again but
he says he's gonna take us down in
September so I don't know what he's
doing he's posting and deleting it look
I let them Thank You Tube just leave it
up just leave it I leave it up for all
time when do we want to switch the XCOM
you just keep maybe you're your family's
hungry and your son is sick so you know
I'm gonna be good be good okay well I
push it too far because someone did get
sick yeah but you know stretching think
you're gonna get any bucks we're talking
about samurai cap so keep going for a
long time well we know what to talk
about too much no knots you know we
don't wanna get too much weight for the
enemies post that's true you know what
that's true other than he was a very
nice guy yes I'd like I keep worrying
that after Len and Matt now we're gonna
get too comfortable and think that just
everyone that we have is gonna be super
nice and then one day like Frank
Stallone is gonna come here and be a
total dick that would be great
not if anyone was a dick but if it was
Frank Stallone and used it that would
perfect would be okay with that right
right
when is it when is in when is what
getting posted that's I mean that's my
question
oh we're not posting the samurai cop
interview that's just for us oh yeah did
you guys want that online no no we
weren't we didn't even have cameras we
just we just talked to me to shut that
teaser yeah that'd actually be really
fun either teaser would be terrible we
may lose everybody at that point yes I
would think it's funny
yeah I agree much let's see here the
plane dangerous kid oh that would be a
good one I know what that kids up to oh
my god that would be great or that's a
great idea
someone figure out where he is you want
Alegre forest wait you know what we're
you know we're doing dick it we're
crowdsourcing it okay so crowdsourcing
the plane dangerous kid we're
crowdsourcing our what do you call a
person who books people a Booker a
booking agent
yeah we're crowdsourcing our booking
agent okay I was wondering her episode
sure whoever is someone that he knows
that knew that he was in that movie that
happens to see our videos and they're
sensible and sure that's that's what
happened with the tales from Genesis
space with that well yeah yeah oh yeah
that guy who i rana CLE was also a
karate master oh yes much like much
likely he had six black belts or
something weird large like six degrees
six degree is that even a thing yes well
what happens is once you get to black
belt yeah every degree you have a black
belt you can only test four degrees
after a year and so what that means is
after you get a black belt which takes a
couple years every degree after that
equals the amount of years at least okay
you've been trained okay I thought it
was just some bullshit you made up no
it's a real thing I'm a Superman I go
black
that's a real friend I see Jack I got I
got a coin oh my god a lot of women in
to see your son even though her paper
didn't match oh so you got a citation
but a coin yeah
what's the coin worth uh Morgan yeah you
did it it's a collectible kind of thing
okay from playing dangerous is the same
in one end to child bride it's the same
kid hmm also in ice also an ice cream
man with Clint Howard yeah
ironically enough Oh if someone says you
should get Adam Sandler as a guest Oh
God I just don't think tells me he would
not return our calls don't think that
would happen now we have a slight in oh
yeah because I know someone who is in
blended and all stepbrothers oh wait
that's not a mess I know I know someone
using my my big dumb comedies I know the
actress who played Kevin Nealon zwei 'f
in blended who's that huh listen she did
shoot just someone I knew from way back
in the day she went to she went to
college with my cousin Jake Oh Lauren
she down anything else
she's an actress I think like she's been
she's had smaller work like commercial
work not what's her name
I need something you guys are really
close we I could I could meet her and be
like hey you remember me she's like
maybe what is her name
he's the real thing that bothers me I
just said her name the other day well
whatever the fuck are you gonna prove
him now okay yeah point for it oh do you
yeah how did give you connect did you
wait or know that the collectible if you
wait long enough
eventually he has good enough for juries
to pass anyway or maybe you let him
through without getting the citation
that's really funny um here here's what
I'm gonna tie for 60 I don't want to get
Randy Quaid on the show
I don't something tells me he won't come
on the show no something tells you
you're wrong would you come on the show
and that's why we get
the Hollywood star whackers yes yeah is
he still on the run or did that get
resolved I quit paying attention I feel
my help
who cares about rain wait that's sort of
sad he was an interesting actor using
some good stuff he was funny
sure I loved him in kingpin yeah but I
was never sure in kingpin if he was
supposed to be this character was
supposed to be a little kid but the joke
was that he was Randy Quaid because they
treat him throughout the whole movie
like he's a little kid and I was never
sure if that was just a joke that they
treat him like a kid or if he was
supposed to be a kid
you know was never sure I've never
thought of it that way before I just
thought he was an idiot it's never it's
never uh I always thought just an idiot
just okay yeah I think he was just gonna
see a banjo yeah all right that makes
sense but there was parts of the movie
where I thought it was questioning him
when he went to the district barn with
everyone he went to a tea person point
right he starts working at one for extra
money
I think that's evidence in favor of
manchild okay yeah Jessica Lowe thank
you that's her name thank you for
looking that up I know yeah there was
once a time in which I knew Jessica Lowe
okay so all I'm saying is there's no
possible way I could get in hold uh get
a hold of Adam Sam I know it was just
weird seeing her in the trailer
oh fuck oh yeah and so it's just like I
know her you know she is she did um did
you ever see the movie blended yes No
why not why would I I should just cuz
her no she was in a sketch comedy group
at in in college in Chicago and I helped
out on some of the shoots for the sketch
comedy group okay because my cousin also
like shot stuff and wrote stuff for it
and so that I met her there so she's
been doing comedy for a while yeah and
it was just weird seeing her up on the
big screen
sure
not name-dropping mean obviously not
named drops because I didn't remember
her name
my name was changed recently
yeah names does match that a real thing
Oh barely this wait well you didn't get
his thumbprint
well now I'm checking the name Scott
alias he's got he's got a name oh okay
so that's official oh and the
fingerprints look like they match
come check times up anyway all right yes
he's just a weirdo who changed his name
I'm sure people change their name on
time Ridge that doesn't necessarily make
hey this guy's a weirdo I'm sorry you're
right now you're absolutely right I'm
sorry
you're right and you're absolutely right
who's Josh to mole that name sounds
familiar
oh he's in all the Transformers movies
that doesn't mean Lucky's he's military
he's military guy boring military guy
that knows a reason isn't all three you
know what show I watched a little bit
and did not immediately hate was Vegas I
know what that is
oh wait isn't James Caan on that yeah
sure okay it's like a shown order he
played like the head of security at a
Vegas yeah I think I saw an episode or
two that I enjoyed procedurals I enjoyed
detective procedurals and was who else
was on that show Jessica
No Deal I was gonna say Jessica Biel and
I immediately retract that because I
don't believe that was her it was it was
James Jamal
James Kosh Josh Jamal James Caan some
black guy and and like three attractive
ladies know is that she was not still on
I can imagine
why were you watching it it was just at
one point why not recently oh I think
recent oh enough hahaha that's your last
of the season maybe in a couple seasons
I remember I remember a cliffhanger and
it was just on at the time and okay you
know see what you sometimes you watch
stupid shows Jay let's don't judge me
I just a pathetic one says I just
started watching Twin Peaks it's pretty
decent so far it's yeah yeah keep keep
watching keep watching
halfway through second season you're
gonna want to give up but don't ya cuz
it does get better again
in fact most way through the second
season you're gonna want to give up but
don't don't be here's the thing when
you're watching the second season
anytime there's a scene with James just
fast-forward through it is already saw
throughout the second season that goes
nowhere and is boring and horrible yes
that's really true but it picks up
towards the end and the last episode is
great Oh James leisure as some black guy
is obvious cut into that the black I
have makeup James leisure is his name I
like the minute I didn't know who it was
Jack can't remember black people's names
and women's names it's true i but to be
fair i couldn't remember james doom
Alton's name either you still can't it's
Joshua
I mean fucking remember name I guess
that means you hate white people it's
true did know you know what it means I
don't remember shit yeah I don't
remember things that's that's how
uninteresting Josh Duvall is you know oh
are you fucking a paper working it yeah
I just you know I'm really bad at names
I'm not that kind of person back in like
can remember words I can remember words
in strings
that's all names are words know they're
weird words though that's true
we're told meanings names mean nothing
Josh just me by name
fucking faggot oh yeah such as my mean
name mean nothing to you absolutely
nothing
your no it does not okay your name means
dick to me hey yay I guess clever that's
clever pretty that's pretty hand write
that joke what
Twin Peaks bigot Oh biggie honor you're
wrong you're a Yahner Oh Twin Peaks is
great mostly you're right what's good
about it is so good that you kind of
forgive how bad it gets in the second
season it got so bad it starts great the
second season up until the big reveal is
pretty great and then it really takes a
nosedive for a good six seven eight
episodes I don't even it's been a while
since I've watched it I remember how
long goes on before
Windom Earles shows up and then it
starts to get good again yeah but I mean
the entirety like so there was like the
B story of about James Oh God which was
a beyond a clusterfuck yeah and then
that was just what do we do with this
character I was like why is this
character in this yeah he was always my
least favorite character even when the
show was good yeah yeah and then
detective Cooper
agent Cooper gets removed from the FBI
oh yeah that's an entire load of
bullshit - yeah is basically once cuz it
was never intended to wrap up the who
killed Laura Palmer storyline so they
was the the network kind of forced him
to do that like well now what do we do
it's just them scrambling to come up
with ideas yeah and David Lynch wasn't
around to keep everything on tracks I
think he was making wild at heart at
that point oh okay um so yeah it's just
just like a bunch of chickens running
around with their heads cut off yeah
that's the great thing about the final
episodes David Lynch comes back to
direct it be like immediately writes
everything yes Oh anyway why did you -
Nadine it's and it's such a harsh turn
when he comes back you can see
immediately him writing and just ya know
the first episode is him writing
everything that they spent the last
several of his Oates fucking help yep
but just like it's also very clear like
indicator of his directorial style yeah
just because it is drastically different
nice did you ever you're ruining
everything I'm doing this half-ass I got
about third ass into this Hussein
Wildheart is the shit movie you're glad
I disagreed well the party Wyler is
great here see that Walter I don't much
care for David I know that's the way he
is he's polarizing I get we're doing
yeah it doesn't think it's like him
people say oh you don't like if you
don't get it I'm like you can get it
just not like it right I I'm fine too
bad I love him and that's fine that's
it's it's almost as if we have different
things that we enjoy I do really love
well at heart Willem Dafoe in that movie
is so amazing but you have to like
certain things you have to learn certain
things right that's you know once that's
true just like there are certain things
you have to dislike yeah - yeah you're
obligated you can't have your own
opinion of anything this is that's true
that's true
usually I usually stick with like
whatever opinion uh is really popular at
the moment I try to do the opposite of
that
oh yeah until the opposite opinion
becomes popular then you go right back
to the first and it always has to be an
extreme opinion either extreme love or
extreme hate preferably there's no
there's no greater yeah I was just gonna
say what what do you mean there's no
other thing everything is the best it's
ever been or the worst in the world
that's the Internet you just summed up
the Internet
yeah
well hack or fraud I'm glad that me
reading your comment is the high point
of your life oh no said but I mean what
you should probably do is just you know
gone the world man just do something
anything nice a nice hike like if the
weather is even halfway decent ooh
that's right I'm a pro hipster oh hello
Draco just subscribed thank you for
subscribing we appreciate it
should have an obnoxious song to play
every time somebody subscribes I worked
my baby
I love Magellan no you know what I tried
to do I pulled an audio clip of you
saying what the fuck and I've got a
little program for open broadcaster that
every time someone subscribed that would
play but it broke my computer one day
Rich's voice broke your computer maybe
it was Richards voice I didn't try any
other audio thing no broke the stream
one day when I tried to do it I gave up
on a guy ok I'm sure it would work
Oh someone says yo rich yo what is the
worst comic you've ever read hi
oh wow I don't know I didn't think about
it anything involving the Spider Man
Clone Saga nice a clone spider-man oh my
god god yeah ok yeah they destroyed
spider-man yeah not only do they clone
him they like cloned his clones and
there wasn't a Spider Man for a while
but then it was the real spider-man but
then it wasn't it was a whole thing I
was comic books yes
also the shit that happens I'm also the
deal with the devil to end his marriage
oh my god really yeah yeah yikes
yeah they're not fun to that alright why
not she's good because she's handed me
one of those things
so you know she's good everyone in the
program everyone that gives you one of
these part of up like a plot thing that
happened oh well they're all good to go
reaching here you think yeah I'm just uh
you won't do this you know oh I didn't
know if it was different every time
no it should be should get that makes
the the events really easy to get
through because you know what happens oh
oh yeah that makes me like this game a
little less a little less yeah I agree
with that statement
but but I mean lack of replayability is
not a top priority for me for games I'm
sorry let me rephrase that that wasn't
great I just said the thing I wanted to
say exactly opposite strike that
reverser
replayability is not my top priority
with games it's an added bonus if you
can replay a game but it's not super
necessary
I saw someone asking about they're
asking me to explain the monkey man
short but I think that's more your area
Ridge that's more Mike that's true like
putting me in a costume and saying dude
do feynman Sisson do things be funny but
I mean as an actor what was your
motivation I hope I can stop doing this
so yeah that's the best motivation
that's really funny by the way no I did
I never said I hated guardians of the
galaxy stream did you say you didn't
think it was amazing I said have you
said anything less than amazing then
that means you hated it oh this is trips
were we right back there and now we're
back there again I said I had some
problems with it but overall it's a very
enjoyable movie yeah but I had some
problems with it and I also thought it
interesting that rich and I have very
similar opinion Yamin thinking that
there are more problems and we're
comic-book people and and you invites
him to enjoy every hour in your movie
people mister and I thought that was an
interesting thing yeah I mean I just
watched his movie right and so it's fine
everything's fine I think the one of my
favorite things about Guardian is the
giant floating skull in space oh yeah
that planet the planet that is just a
hollow skull yeah
spew an old movie they don't sign of
everything you don't lead a jillion yeah
lots of variety to stuff you know what
I've read that is Jack what Celestia so
that's you know the Celestials are oh
you know no you know what I never got
into the Marvel space stuff they'll get
home Marvel space universe they're just
gonna go fuck itself fine I don't care
I just want mutiny see I want mutants
and spiders man's we're not going to
play five nights at Freddy I'm sorry
which one is that again that's the
that's the one who that's like the
Showbiz Pizza bear oh that's right and I
saw someone sent me like their
playthrough of it yeah and as soon as
they started playing it I knew exactly
what the big scary twist was supposed to
be and it was end it was that thing I
don't rich what do you feel about scary
games howdy I don't like them I've never
been fond of horror in general horror
games or movies and bugs not my thing
okay click on the right thing stupid
thing though um I know I get it though
does the showbiz Pittsburgh yeah I guess
oh I have to play it now because of
Showbiz Pizza burn yes then I might win
my stream but at some point just to get
ever gonna be shut up
nantan and you know I've just her games
to me have never been scary I don't I
don't scare that easy I guess I or it's
just like I can know what I can't
disconnect I know I'm playing a video
game
yeah this cannot hurt me I've gotten
scared playing video game before you
have yeah I see I'm checking numbers now
I'm just kind of sad that's oh it's
really sad no uh like I've gotten scared
when I've been playing FTL and my ship
is about to blow up but you know nice
real film
I'm a big fan of the the original thief
games okay and uh there's a story
apparently other people who've played
the game the first
I've had this experience if you play the
fungus game you play like I get I can't
do this and talk sure if you play the
game and the first the first mission is
just a straightforward burglary and you
sneak into this guy's mansion and you
steal us this priceless thing and you
get out then you get the sex in sex
second mission you're supposed to break
into somebody out of prison so you're
going through these scary minds and
there's these these corpses on the
ground right you come up by this
elevator and you turn around the corner
and one of the corpses pops up and and
growls in your face and I immediately
jumped out of my seat back pedaled in
the game just naturally I hit the
reverse spot and I fell down the
elevator shaft where I was eaten by a
giant spider at the bottom of the
elevator shaft Olerud yes that's really
clement and apparently this has happened
to more than one person I'd like it a
long time ago I was that like a threat
on the floor like yeah me too oh it's
great
I think that's funny Freudian slip sex
mission that's funny
everyone heard it - great great
what I have a rich ISM yeah yeah are you
when you're saying the section we kind
of said it a little bit so he's at sex
section sex section it was funny you
know it was funny and I think everyone
appreciated it appreciated it
oh we just got bombed what I don't know
did you let him in did he have all his
paperwork in our I don't yeah that's
that's like a scripted thing something's
gonna blow up that day okay I don't know
is that confirmed that James Franco is
playing Tommy was so I know he was
producing a right way boys what is this
the James Franco has a production
company and they optioned the book
rights to the disaster artists and
that's been used for a while now but now
someone's saying that
James Franco's plane Tommy was a
terrible icons awful the one complete
Tommy was so but Tommy was so I know
interest in see it's Tommy Wiseau isn't
a boring stoner he's a weird foreign man
James Franco is at his best when he's
playing weird characters that's when
he's actually a pretty interesting actor
but I don't see him as Tommy Wiseau at
all I see this mouse is like a bad
impression but yeah it doesn't look like
he doesn't the physical like physical
feature you the city large almost
hunchback ugly guy you need Tommy was so
unique
Tommy why starting a new movie about
Tommy so when you cast him as himself
and you would act horribly in it it
would be great like that's what you want
or that guy from Python - oh we've shown
a team is a will soon that's the worst
coming soon yes appear - I tell me what
so but yeah I don't want to see James
Franco's Tommy so I think that's a
horrible idea is no that's not confirmed
that was someone is saying yes it is
confirmed I knew that he was he on the
movie rights to make I didn't know he
was playing Tommy was so like that would
be terrible
yeah yeah any interest I had that movie
is now completely out the window just
read the book instead it's really good
hmm it's been confirmed for a while
people are saying
sucks that would be terrible stop trying
to make dave franco happen
by the way you're totally right bagging
that kid I dislike looking at him that's
James Franco's little brother yeah I
think I've seen him I think he's in
Superbad for like a second I don't think
I've seen him in anything else no he's
like made this career I'm ready to start
Mexico oh my god oh my god hold on
everybody
we have to stop talking Dave Franco what
are we doing here
let's take it we're gonna take a quick
commercial break and boot up XCOM we
will be right back I'm gonna be bent

[Part II]
the background yeah hold on waiting for
you to my video oh no I'm not getting
again no there's a background just the
screen covers yeah that's weird
everything and then weird
life is weird life you know what life is
weird I'll go back to options and go to
video and go to fullscreen okay order
let's do I know that could be nice go to
full screen and go to resolution and see
what happens if you just choose what's
the next one I don't know what the wrath
is on that that's right just cool yeah
try that one are you streaming right now
yes we're talking to people right now
okay now everybody hold your horses here
we go we're doing it we're doing it live
it's working I don't know we don't know
that dance you don't know that shit I'm
being optimistic fuck you ain't a boy to
be optimistic your boo you but at least
you sing a nice Jake Lloyd was
optimistic but look of a Phantom Menace
turned out that wasn't his that really
wasn't his father's parsley that's all
he's a little kid he doesn't know any
better
yeah I don't know if you can blame a
little kid for being a bad actor you can
only blame the people that allowed him
to be cast yeah he's just a little kid
yeah I know you're just a kid he was he
was cocky until he went to school the
day after it came out they probably beat
him up because he was the kid in Star
Wars
it's him kids his age probably liked the
movie lots of kids like that movie I'm
gonna Majan you took some shit I'm sure
I'm sure he took some shit but it's like
I remember coming out of the Phantom
Menace and being like wow that was that
was kind of bad but maybe well you know
we were we went to the midnight release
we dressed up we saw and you know it
ends on the big foot lightsaber battle
it's like okay well that's just the
first one they had so much exposition
there's no fix computer oh sorry God God
Jack I was too busy telling us to I
don't want to hear about the Phantom
Menace that's not why they come to red
letter media okay
uh yeah I guess got a window down all
right we're gonna have to get hey hey
here we go I'm late all right
yeah people are saying them they were
Jake Lloyd zentrum they saw it and they
loved it nothing's like that movie yeah
that's not what all this the wrong
resolution 800 14 by 900 should be that
that's weird what the fuck I don't know
go to the top resolution maybe I don't
know go to over or you have full screen
now keep Settings sure try this yeah I
wanna you know what why not okay
yes this is the interesting part of the
stream you know what I'm gonna do after
we get this mixed get a beer yeah so
it's really important to me that we fix
it okay okay hold on load not support it
resolution that's all I hang word help
oh wait guys I think it's gonna Oh oh
wow jesus fucking christ did it happen
Save Changes okay here we go
XCOM let's make sure we can hear it now
that's gonna be an important part is
there anything is there any noise
happening during this part hold on a
second okay classic second wave I'm not
that everyone likes not created equally
Lane's manner I mean I think we're
supposed to be hearing bleeps and bloops
so tell us if you hear bleeps and bloops
I miss the BlackBerry no that's probably
me here
I got a croissant oh that's right you
turn your sound way down cuz I cuz I've
listened to other things while I game
I'll turn it up dog yeah yeah there you
go
better I don't know I'm not a million
there anybody gonna some no beeps no
bleeps that's all behind yeah so yeah
let this pitch up where is it Spaceballs
bleeps the bleeps the sweeps and the
creeps remember when that guy was a
thing he was for so long
let's put him because of police academy
yes all the sequels
it wasn't for those it was just the
first movie right and maybe Spaceballs
then he'd be forgotten they're saying
still no son I'm also not hearing any
sound we start just a fly um yes all
right hold on okay good eggs into
desktop okay
whoa that was weird yeah cuz it I don't
know why it does that
wait to see what that says oh it's just
saying oh yeah okay
trying again and watching pause for
trying again and watching again and
Michael Winslow yes that's a big and and
and and bicolor parse weird I never get
that nothing no wait
anything not the lightest out should be
coming for the TV right yeah that's
weird
new and interesting ways to fail that's
Oh No
ah you know what this is my fault this
is my fault entirely turn the volume
down I know exactly what's wrong guys
oh no ruin everything no I know I just
noticed too late I know it's too late I
ruin everything
grab a beer Jack yes I will in one
moment are you ready for me to fix it
what how could I am how could you
that's that's the important question
okay now try something yeah here we go
Oh guys I'm the greatest at fixing
things that I broke already I needs
matter creatively okay what mode are you
playing people are people are Wow don't
like it be playing classic classic great
great
yeah thank you as moon front is asking
if hotline Miami has a multiplayer mode
one does not - is suppose to have a
multiplayer mode and I'm really looking
forward to it
Halloween Miami - I really enjoyed
hotline Miami Classic here we go
starting game y'all yeah some of the
thing Elvis - Elvis says just play
dragon sound the whole stream yeah on it
dragon son I'm a music video which was
Dragon song from from Miami connection
Oh stick together through thick and thin
this video is flag now diminutive today
they did by the way they flagged them
gonna mute your audio dudududu they
flagged actually they playing our first
X count one really for the you are the
only one they forget ants for that skip
this yeah skip this okay they flagged it
I have never saw it dumb
yeah they didn't by the way they didn't
fly out of the entire seven-hour stream
they only flag that one little bit
alright
for some reason we're gonna start an
Asian because I like that bonus okay
this is a early-modern mostly cosmetic
things you have one mod that fixes the
the death animation delay when you shoot
an alien tweak the nationality
probabilities a little bit because you
know so many guys from uruguay it's just
weird okay sure sure
i believe it alright which you talk for
a little bit I'm gonna go get a beer
yes you say it's up to you really
I can't do that I can talk and tell
everybody something that's gonna drive
everybody out of the stream I don't know
which is in the process right now I'm
updating the website with a new video
okay in five seconds I might know it
already is if you go to the website it's
up Oh J what's up buddy see y'all later
you've killed our strength I'm actually
I'm horribly angry anyway it had to be
done Reggie okay and I'm done not
killing the stream but updating the
website but you could have told them
about it later that's a shame if Jan
here's the thing if Jack in the western
room I wouldn't have had to kill Phil
time
when you think about it
ha what are we drop by can you see the
number sir I'm not looking at the other
shirts hey guys what are you talking
about everybody's gone Henry's gone Oh
No why didn't you cuz I just said that I
have to add the website oh you have new
best of the worst up hey you can you
know what you can watch that video later
or you can watch this video later yeah
do do whatever you want Peter this is
our guy
this is archived the only thing I'll say
is if you stay here you can you know
actually talk with us right now and ask
us questions of course without watching
the best works you won't have the most
relevant questions so you should
probably watch that in the background
while watching this who is someone asks
a very important question of what beer I
got I'm really excited actually yeah
there's another one please
ok ok so here's what you do go out to
your local liquor store and get yourself
some steagle rah blur it is great fruit
juice beer it's beer infused with
grapefruit soda have it over ice with a
shot of gin it sounds ridiculous it
sounds weird who told you about the shot
of gin this I went to a restaurant
there's a there's a restaurant right by
my house and I went there and I saw this
can and the can is gorgeous I've tweeted
it before it's just you know I saw this
cam and I said I must have this and
that's how they served it to me with a
shot of gin and the the reason they do
that is the beer is only something dumb
like 3% alcohol because it's half soda
yeah
and so the shadow did do some the
alcohol content but it is the best beer
in the world over ice with a shot of gin
I don't know if I believe it but we'll
see
they're not the best it's the most
refreshing beer in the world game audio
is quiet and echoey that's weird someone
is saying can anyone confirm quiet
echoey game audio not caused any echo II
my dad can be a real thing you never
know yeah you do never know that's right
in Devon though you never know never
ever know someone is asking if they can
send us beer from Luxembourg absolutely
send us all the beer if you guys have is
every beer in Luxembourg here's okay
here's old ooh-wee we had a slight
success with the resumes send us your
favorite local beer and we'll drink it
and talk about it on the screen the game
audio is very quiet okay well then let
me uh let me try to fix that right
quickly give me a moment where's my
little oh it's right over here
okay let's see if this helps
or if this helps okay this might fix the
game audio thing jack is too loud yeah
get used to it
that's my favorite that's my favorite J
reaction my acknowledgment of something
funny but not finding it funny yes you
just told the joke I'm not going to
laugh at it man Oh
yeah octo day you take care of it
whatever is happening I don't know I'm
just reading a little bit but yeah
welcome I don't even know we're talking
about this yeah
send beer to the peel box he'll be fine
packaging very very lot lots of bubble
wrap
wow it's a bubble wrap
I can hear the game audio a bit great I
can turn it up more Oh someone's
mentioning horse Obama does that start
my youtube channel
I think somebody flagged that actually
know what's horse vomit it was a short I
made where was a guy in a mask next to a
horse and he's trying to get the horse
to vomit and that's it but yeah let me
see if it's so on there I think it got
flagged in a poll like this someone
thought it was somebody thought that was
obscene that they thought it was like
cruelty to animals or something weird
cruelty animals that's very rich can you
go into the audio a little bit on your
end
yeah okay it's up on my end but I'm
sorry that you can't see horses on that
maybe I'll reload it something you
should definitely read uploaded yeah
it's like a guy with a German accent
with a sack over his head
stay next to a person what did he uh
he's like I said the horse nothing but
you're finding that this should be good
something epic act like a cat epic a
Kirkland I don't remember it's really
funny I don't remember but it was called
first moment alright
hold it yeah tell us if this is too loud
now are your eardrums dead
yes it was very dark that was my
experimental stage to exercise restraint
will there be something effective at
killing aliens they also destroy
artifacts we're hoping to recover French
abilities something to consider
a bit too loud okay I'll fix em eye on
where are they okay
now the audio
should be manageable huh it never will
be
it never will be too loud yeah man we're
get we're getting there we know what
we're fine tuning it's it's actually
really tough when you can't hear what I
give a mix it's hard for us to hear the
mix and it down I turned it down oh my
god you guys wait there's a linked up
worst vomit I'm not gonna click on that
no don't click on that unless somebody
re-uploaded it it's too long now shut
the fuck up you're gonna fucking ready
now now you're just fuckin with that you
know what now I have to go listen to it
hold on listening to the mix is as
people are destroying the stream is a
shockingly complicated effort I keep
sneezing it was terrible
oh my god my god what is that you're
weird or is that better to shake
Audio is just about right there saying
okay yeah anyone who said that I haven't
touched it no fucking no death run high
cover lucky shot fuck man
apparently I drove away 200 people from
the steering yeah I'm so sorry sorry but
I'm not that sorry you know what those
people are not missing out on what's
going on in here so I can't say they
made the wrong choice sneezing audio
issue neo issues how about that James
Franco I don't want our James Franco
anymore at this point oh you know what
you have to do go back into the menu yep
you know what the problem it's it's just
the sound effects it's like the bullet
shots are really loud so go to go to
yeah and go to sound effects volume and
turn that down there you go
yeah oh yeah the gunshots are crazy loud
okay okay that's the problem
you know what we'll put the chat in
submode in a little bit like you know we
don't want to we don't want to do that
too much we can still see what you guys
are saying sup boat means slow low sub
mode is that one assumes down there's a
there's a mode where we can only see
subscribers okay but Wiggins we're
reading or reading you guys just you
know hang out I'm not happy with this
ah now everything is sounding good I can
hear everything fine you can hear rich
say fuck what what else doesn't matter
oh oh this is the best beer I like beer
double fuck and B here likes me and rich
says double fuck what happened - what's
going on ever everything's going wrong
yeah absolutely everything they're gonna
start over No
doing worse than you did in your first
wish oh shut up I feel great you did buy
it your first wish I'm just doing I'm
tanker I'm doing worse oh okay I guess
statement I did I'm gonna lose somebody
else now I want to give up this awful
that's so awful that's just in the kid
from playing dangerous now works for
Google oh yeah yeah oh good here he is
oh yeah we can get them thanks for
finding him thanks for fighting you know
your scrolled past now you don't know
where you're at
I can't new hacks thank you for finding
the kid from playing dangerous even
we'll do something this information
who octal gays right I think the problem
is you're not hunkering down enough yeah
oh by the way have you um have you
thought about getting up on a roof maybe
four hey citizen graves just subscribed
thank you for subscribing we appreciate
that just everybody died oh and Vanessa
Vanessa gave Vanessa navigator that's a
great name
with Vanessa navigator just subscribe
thank you I really like that name
flight of the Vanessa navigator checkers
I was all pumped about having a no death
run I was gonna try it I was guys
getting that thing did someone die two
people two people died to people's eyes
not have we got the department we can
name them yet we can't though
okay we're gonna star named it two
people died fuck Oh God XCOM HQ
commander I've seen this question a lot
of times someone is asking us how we
feel about Doug Walker who is that there
you go blossom Sherman
yeah we work in a bubble when it comes
to other it's not like we were inspired
by this no I mean I didn't even know
other people did this stuff and the
first ones into a fight I've seen a
couple episodes of the angers video game
nerd and I felt okay about it
or it's the other guy weird out the
nostalgic oh yeah I never seen anything
yeah I don't want any of your stuff
either yeah I don't blame you that's not
your IQ
you know watching I usually watch it
while it's happening sometimes I will
watch it because it saves me the pain of
actually having a conversation with you
oh wait that was that letting that joke
sink in the next town
oh I'm a depressed first name I see is
spiffy buff spiffy underscore buff
that's the first name I see 2x in the
buff yes all right
spiffy buff you're not a German guy
Holly Jones uh that should probably be
octo J sure I J our brand-new moderator
deserves a place on the team and I can
always smell yeah I like I like I'd
expect yeah
I'm space or no space no space
capitalize the J and Jane huh
yeah I like that I like the way that
looks okay I throw Dave's got to be on a
team how I got dough Jay
okay who else is in there oh man be ei
what's your name cos dude b EI u zo o ka
b EI u zi o okay
bazooka gazook there's no bazooka la ya
bazooka there's a name there's a name
okay confirm caleb bazooka how many more
we got couple more oh my god you guys
you could go too fast yeah are you going
too hard good too fast too hard last
name alright I see I see
xeno trip Xen Oh excellent
sorry X en otro yeah you go the end yeah
sure sure I don't know the name goes by
I forgot I don't see it alright oh yes
at the end okay okay for anyone who's
curious we rename people after people
who subscribe to us just not really you
don't have you know maybe and this is a
you know I know you didn't mean in this
context but you just said just sane and
that reminded me of it when people me
but leave a snarky comment
mmm-hmm I'm like a comments section and
then it says just saying I've never seen
that I have seen that people do that all
the time like I want to point out
something wrong just saying uh how about
is Mario Mario been on it and they were
a team before there's a Mario Mario oh
that's great that's right sorry we have
a Luigi Mario by the way I agree with
you game yeah I hate that it's like
condescending is not gonna end is it I
twisted the knife at the end and they're
just saying just say it what comes off
so I guess it's
that's because most negative internet
comments are some form of condescending
snack so but that one in particular bugs
me and it's it's also like it's a
half-assed backpedal yeah where they
were they were they just like am i right
yeah all right yeah one more oh yeah we
need work I saw I saw one more ready to
serve geeks only gigs only as is given
us oh it didn't I didn't geeks only make
the the supercut I want to say oh yes I
think Peaks only made the amount or the
awkward superfish there's now two
episodes with more awkward Xin it's so
you got to update your super good all
right they're just gonna keep coming we
say awkward all the time it's a it's a
app descriptive word yes yes
it's what I look for in bad movies we
have best qualities they could have I
agree it's being awkward such nips I
agree oh because we didn't choose a riot
crew he's watching best of the worst
we'll name more people don't worry rich
is gonna kill up and that's gonna be
Ryan curve base just some news base
Oh someone says prereq is great just
saying yeah yeah you guys pet peeve run
I can't let myself to get to cutscenes
or nah I sit through every time yep I'm
on the anti Jack I can you know we
picked up my keys for assistance
abduction that's not really you know
there were some cuts there are some cut
scenes that are important but it's like
they're not in a perfect world cut
scenes would never happen maybe like a
small thing at the beginning like a like
an establishing shot that's all I kept
seeing should be yeah there's an
establishing shot and get into the
fucking game it's a game grande
cutscenes no more no more heroes alone
refutes your entire argument Francis no
more heroes yes I haven't played it
alien activity continues to surge with
in several major yeah-ho assho cutscenes
are meant to be amazing this is
oh-hoh asshole one of my favorite moves
oh and by the way I don't I mentioned
this on my solo stream on Sunday but
everyone in the chat I want to let you
know you can cuss now how could you not
before I realized that I had it like you
can opt into globally banned words
things like fucking shit you couldn't
type that but now you can you can say
fucking shit
yeah I'm just saying you can type in
fucking shit it is exciting
yep all sorts of fun stuff so rich sucks
balls before yeah
that's all you got rich for obscenities
no and I think I actually read that
oh no you're just giving it slightly an
example of things you could now say no
oh my god that made the chat go a little
nutty good job everybody
pent up customer yes I thought I saw
someone before the chat went apeshit I
saw someone in the chat asked for a red
letter media ice bucket challenge and
it's just probably not gonna happen no
you should donate ALS or whatever you
want to donate to yeah or don't donate
to anything I would recommend watching
david lynch's ASL challenge orders but I
think went up today yeah he plays
somewhere over the rainbow VII on the
trombone but a bucket of ice with a shot
of espresso gets poured on the second
ice night it's funny some of them are
very Patrick Stewart yeah I have a Dave
Grohl one ready didn't you know oh he
did carry oh really
and the shot at all like was wearing an
outfit like edited shot edit alone
that's called a brilliant amazing one of
my personal favorites there's a guy in
Milwaukee his name is dick Chuck no and
oh yeah he's the guy that started comedy
sports which is local Improv Theater for
anyone who's not from Milwaukee and he
did his ice bucket challenge and what he
did was stuck his head into the thing
that dispenses ice from your
refrigerator and just ice was talking
tough it's it was one of the funniest
things that's it
okay next guy ritchie's ex-con overwatch
win did you Oh congratulations detective
you took the shot at 50% yeah well she's
undercover okay I like I like how you
said yeah she's under high cover as if
like as if I knew what you were talking
about that shot at 40% damn done he's 40
percent it's not I you know I
regrettably I have not played since our
stream yeah I just want to let you know
that well you started better than I did
but I hope to finish better than you
like Rihanna I was I I died a lot
someone said that sex come baby just
saying just saying just saying just say
you got I hate that you should you
should
unlike and like you think it's
specifically at the end of a super smart
snarky comment as if just sang justifies
the comments yeah I've seen some where
the comment itself isn't necessarily
snarky no it's just someone trying to
correct you on something or just
something like I know something that you
were apparently wrong about Oh
just say the same people
one of those things I just don't like
I'm right there
a question about my age oh my god then
why did you bring it up just sit over
watch here oh yeah yeah that's great
Crispin Glover is music video clowny
clown clown yes I have I've also seen
Crispin Glover spins the only you can't
see them on video in any format he only
screens them in theatres and they are
really yeah they are experimental they
are what they are I enjoy hearing and
talk about them in the Q&A; is after more
than I enjoyed the films but they're you
know now I can say I've seen those sure
now I've seen a man with cerebral palsy
you know scan I can't think of words
right now this movie has made me lose
words what does he do in the second
movie he kills women with his wheelchair
what I knew he was written by the guy
with cerebral palsy oh my god yeah yeah
those are Crispin Glover movies
buddy
back online
oh I saw them right here in Milwaukee I
think the first one was at the times the
second was at the Oriental the second
one I liked more how it was the name of
it it is fine everything is fine because
that one actually had some visual flair
to it the first movie was so ugly
I do that
what that error oh sorry no I'm sorry
everyone I had some business I have an
email and even if you get back to that
oh you know what was weird is all you're
doing that I was looking at the stream
but not reading anything just like
sharing I was only now thinking about
Crispin Glover sweet-ass movies there's
naked women in gorilla masks mm-hmm
that's working yeah
that's what you get
bring back the joke book oh god oh god
we have multiple new joke books finally
we'll get around to it nor do you mean
in the streams there was that one stream
where I was reading all the hamburger
jokes huh
someone that someone mentioning sam
raimi in the third spider-man movie
here's I have something to discuss about
the third it's the worst thing ever get
that the third spider-man spider-man 3
is better than amazing spider-man yes
why is that like you brought that up
like it was shocking no well everybody
hates spider-man 3 from these
experiments terrible yeah nobody's
complaining right it's a terrible it's
spider-man 3 has some personality at
least even if you don't like it it
there's some moments in it that I like
as Sam Raimi moments they probably don't
work in a spider-man movie but I don't
care about that so I enjoy them on their
own no and you know it spider-man 3 is
is overpacked
and it's a little cheesy but as a lot
cheese it makes sense everything in
spider-man 3 makes sense
I haven't seen in a while I don't
remember it's just remember there's
something oh there's a scene that it's
like the duct tape of scenes in a movie
where they have to have insanity mob
listening that looks like a
post-production scene where you just see
their silhouettes in an alleyway and
they just happen to meet in the alley
for no reason they run into each other
well and they're like hey you want to
team up okay no as I see venom was
looking for Sandman cuz he saw the
Sandman and spider-man fighter of it
okay olden Sandman is just walking down
an alley for no reason and venom knows
he's there for no reason then he says
hey let's do luck it's like a 10-second
seat I'm not saying sing good you know
no I agree with you that that's better
than the new spider-man yes yeah and
it's like everyone gives shit on the the
emo Peter Parker I though that was funny
it was hilarious me and if you treat
your partner's idea of cool it's not
that he's actually supposed to be cool
have you seen people walking by I'm like
what the hell exactly yeah it's what a
nerd would think is cool and so it makes
sense but let me ask you I thought that
was funny is like a Sam Raimi goofy
dorky moment rich as a spider-man fan
what do you think of
he was emo spider-man and dancin down
the street I thought that Hope subplot
was stupid not so fair enough
oh listen it was stupid but in the movie
it made sense yeah yeah the scene itself
in the context the movie didn't it is
pretty shoehorn in that just this black
goo falls from space and just happens to
meet up with spider-man it's very well
being young let's it's not a good movie
you know I better than the amazing spy
sake I don't want to interrupt your guys
talking I feel mood you can play in
playing game are you yeah you know I
just we it's pretty simple we we just
wrapped up our spider-man boos you say
whatever you want you interrupt whatever
you are you're the one playing the game
I got engineers for my abduction mission
my engineers make building things a
little bit cheaper uh-huh so I actually
canceled building the satellite I was
building I got like a discount right so
I started building satellite again after
getting more engineers so okay started
filling it cost me 100 deleted that that
build then after I got the engineers all
the cost 477 nice little cost-saving
that I did little miter
XCOM thing I just wanna bring up that's
good I think you should bring that up
and I think you waited at the perfect
time
like I said we were just wrapping up our
thing and that's great
you should click on the bill you can
actually build the thing that you said
you were gonna build
we talked about the James Franco I don't
get him as an actor tell me why Sandman
tommy weiss and me made more sense if he
were The Sandman and not the yeah Green
Goblin but I tried to oh that's right he
I feel what I completely forgot that he
was in the spider-man movies who was oh
oh I'm just say it Tommy was so it's
like what the fuck are you talking about
yeah I can't I get the Kinect yeah
that's that's his caliber of an actor is
I know law I don't even put him in the
same world as the spider-man movies that
he was in he's weird knows - he has
weird little moments in those I've
earned this one part I don't even know
which movie it was in he like takes a
bite of a piece of pie he's like it's
good and just like the wheat says it's
really bizarre
I am which one that is the third one
maybe maybe as bad well the second one
he's he he's going after spider-man
because spider-man kills his dad in the
first one yes so the second one he hires
dogs to go after is my bathroom
yeah so it could be in a second
the third ones the one where he
conveniently has amnesia so he forgets
that he's supposed to hate spider-man
for most of the movie so they can push
that to the side for most of the running
time no he's the a fight at the
beginning he falls off of his old
lighter thing now and then he's in a
hospital with amnesia for most of the
movie yeah because you know I think the
big twist not twist but the big thing at
the end of the second way whatever Peter
Parker of course where is this gonna go
and then into the next movie they have a
quick bad fight at the beginning and
then he just says I media for the rest
of the movie yeah well and there's
there's some backstory with the third
spider-man movie as far as like the
studios oh yeah mornin van oh no and
it's like venom is the most unnecessary
Villa in that way leaves a more recent
villain as far as spider Angus
characters go right yeah Sam Raimi
wasn't interested in them it was the
older spider-man stuff yeah he's a
visual but he's not a movie he's not
terribly deep he's he's he's you you
kind of got me fired when I was a
reporter but not really listen thank you
you know Venom's backstory is probably
one of the weakest in comic book
villains yes absolutely
the venom as a villain though is great
he's the anti Spider Man he's big and
dumb and strong he nullifies
spider-man's spider-sense and a venom
technically speaking in the early comic
books wanted to be a hero
but he hates spider-man and so all he
wants to do is kill spider-man so he can
be the hero that gets all the glory
that's that's fun
venom is fun his backstory is weakest
shit
what commenter has a very good point oh
yeah Bruce Campbell is in the spider-man
movies and that means they were good
done
I kind of agree yeah done it at least
makes them better than they would be
without Bruce Campbell in them yes well
I got to support with me MMS sucks okay
Jack who would win in a fist fight
Sandra Bullock with rich Evans power
ring James Franco like Jay powerlinx or
Sam Raimi with a mic power ring I assume
enough of any of those bands the power
ring gives the wearer the power of the
ring name you need to explain the ring
power a little bit more if you're asking
me who would win in a fist fight Sam
Raimi James Franco or Sandra Bullock the
answer is clearly Sandra Bullock agree
no offense to mr. Raimey or mr. Franco
but they don't look like fighters and
Sandra Bullock and fuck shit so that's
the appropriate she survives be tuned
I don't I don't understand what the ring
what the power rings do this is my
problem with the with the question I
don't know something something power of
something something power if you have
the power of rich Evans you know what is
the power what is the power of rich
Evans you know you can make somebody
laugh to death
you can laugh really loud if you have
allergies I don't know like you get like
banshee like powers right where your
scream can shatter glass but you can't
get anywhere near cat around that's your
weakness yeah
we can stream spider-man games I'd love
to play you know I really enjoyed the
the original spider made like the ps2
spider-man movie game yeah there was
some good moments yeah and spider-man 2
game we had really great web swinging
that's all I remember from swagman - the
best one most underrated one - house
MOBA shadows this is a venom one all
right I just I know I just said venom
sucks worse spider-man villain ever yeah
yeah a buddy Oh game character though
I'm sure he's fine that makes sense
okay actually who would win in a
free-for-all fight out of errm cream
obviously Jessie last room I don't know
you know you know who would win Nicky
Nicky I knew he would win all the newbie
tapes would just land on us just saying
I get it oh hey everyone who's
mentioning the flak cannon love thanks
for coming out to my solo straight out
of FTL and I had a flak cannon one and a
flak cannon too and everyone was telling
me not to do it and I fuck some shit up
no double flak cannons yells I see what
flak cannons went wrong the last time
but two of them I can see two of them
know if you remember the last dream we
got rid of the flak cannons for laser
cannon anytime oh that's right that's
right you like the the chain I like I so
I got rid of we had two flak cannons but
I got rid of one for a chain laser and
that was our problem this is a better
question who would win in our own fight
is what we call as an r1 free-for-all
ooh
the answer to who would win and what
would cause is the same nuki oh yeah
okay that makes sense to and I I'm
rarely out of the worst episodes but
whenever the new key episode happens I
think that's gonna be the one that I sit
out on really seen it I've seen it no
you can't do that we gotta do new key we
need more nuke yeah I want to rub new
key all over my face and then you're
gonna fucking follow this when the time
comes
terrible terrible dark time comes you
know what he doesn't need to be in the
discussion but he needs to be in the
room when we watch him maybe I could be
in the room with like a like observing
my god like this is some sort of science
experiment that I'm in charge of oh shit
someone's asking help any sort of if
someone is asking if there's any sort of
schedule for game streaming trying new
ones this yes it doesn't always work but
we try to do what we're trying to do
Wednesday's for group streams and I Jack
have a solo stream Sunday nights usually
sometimes we don't do it I follow us on
Twitter if you follow previously
recorded on Twitter at previously rec
whoa I'll call you when we're streaming
but uh we're talking about new Pete I
really want to do my new BA
what was your new key idea oh I guess I
shouldn't say oh yeah no no
shinza okay okay back to both legs who's
getting a Bowflex I come back to the
chat for two seconds and you guys are
talking about Bowflex

[Part III]
fucking fucking domino well I don't do
the Nokia cloud you know I'm gonna be a
part of it he I mean he's right worried
maybe you shouldn't be in the discussion
because he's seen him he's only my thigh
thank you stupid are you gonna I thought
I'd be able to reach him with a rocket
are you gonna get you over that way ah
you're gonna kill a subscriber not
deliberately live on camera oh shit I'm
sorry
let's waste got me this is where's Gabi
oh that's I can't do it
oh well then sorry geeks only you're
gonna die
confirm for Nikki confirmed her new game
well these comments about Bowflex
I don't know where it came from like I'm
saying oh look look look
tremendous amazing fantastic what is he
gonna win oh you're not gonna die um did
you hunker down
hiiii - slow down what I didn't think
that would trim but I did listen Rory
stayed I might have killed many
subscribers but it was ignorant killing
of subscribers rich is good at this game
he has no excuse
yeah I'll come to them you mean it
should make it me oh it's another one
we'll get to eventually oh I think so
that's what someone someone recently was
asking me about like when we're gonna do
this genre of movies and what we're
gonna do that in general if he's not
that's the worst and it's like we have
so many sets ready to go and that's one
of the hardest things just like figuring
out what we want to watch yeah and then
like we get new movies if we get excited
about new movie yeah yeah we get a fair
amount of stuff so there's it we have a
ton ready to go but sometimes we just
don't feel like watching
ninja movies yeah or the like yeah
there's also the problem when you have a
specific type of movie where the movies
tend to blend together like those like
ninja movies especially something like
that that was wrong which is why we did
too bad all the genres last that last
one it's like let's go three movies that
are completely different from each other
for a change
I wish I would have been around for the
discussion to lure a microwave from his
winning criteria I called yeah I don't
even remember what happened if you're
the best of the genre was which
represented the John were the best which
led to us picking a relatively lame
movie as the cold winner oh yeah because
high voltage was the best of the genre
it was the thing the winner doesn't
matter well it really does Oh who's that
I know that Ivan he's come and said then
who complained about stuff like that
this is the one word I know I said we
can't kill killing American style
because it's a mere share van movie you
people are like that bullshit it's like
who cares I know it's the voting of the
wedding it really doesn't matter I know
but it's I for some reason it upset me
it upset me that death spot didn't win
but I mean you said best of the worst
best genre please still like I would see
my rose to bury it up the best of the
genre is different the best of the worst
oh that's why Oh No so alright hey
you're trying different things what's
not reaching out in a new strange
teratoma yeah you're gonna injured but
not dead
I'll take that okay
I don't know if we could do that
someone's suggesting like taking all the
winners of past best of the worst and
doing like a bracket like a best of the
best of lovers you can't don't episode
about them again I thought about - yo
don't you know you know what I'm gonna
call it what March badness just
brilliant good that's great I mean yeah
I guess it would be like a clip show
like a highlight episode it's possible
yeah but no like it's not like we could
have spontaneous reactions or converse
yeah exactly and we watched so many of
these movies like this um that we did a
year ago I don't know if I'd be able to
remember specifics about I know we have
to watch it it's a watch it again a
waste of time yeah I'd rather watch new
stuff yeah so I don't know I do like
March Madness though that's good we've
been doing a side competition thing or
something we do a full discussion like
maybe the nd up so with bracket user
voters kind of thing oh maybe like we
wouldn't have to film us watching it
again cuz we're like it's not like we
would have any fresh jokes right but
just to watch to recap and then do a new
discussion connect to the old clips of
us watching no as long as you had
something interesting to do with the
winner you need your some medals and
fail looks like a user if you feel any
Soviets out the bugs ran someone's open
so and so sure sure you could do one of
those you know unofficial YouTube
tallies click on this link to vote for
this winner and see which gets more
views and whatnot yeah commander yeah
we're leaving a transmission from the
council early conservation new recruits
for sergeant alright nice
oh thanks TV only he says he only says
that he appreciates that that we do
different things yeah
thank you we appreciate your
appreciation yes all right
and he's also very glad to be alive
skin of Steve skiff it prepared
appointed strike one
we're heading to South Africa for this
one we need to get down there fast
screen junkies did it already with 80s
movies yes they did in 80s movies
bracket but here's the thing
brackets come from basketball screen
junkies didn't invent the bracket no no
they did it we can't do it if another
show did it obviously we can't do
anything closer that's true have you
ever heard of a show called Mystery
Science Theater what's that some sort of
a some sort of a PBS special about the
scientific learning method yes okay
great what not for Sylvia don't question
about the 80s movie competition that
should have only 80 science fiction
competition from Robocop right we don't
actually man I think I'm president
yeah that will ever stop flame with it
too because I was thinking cuz it came
down to predator and diehard that's like
a die-hard I think you'll be thoroughly
hear pure action movie Dyer I don't
think a predator well there's action in
it but it's kind of sighs I own we don't
predator is an action movie name and
there's action yeah but there's also an
alien creature predator is it with its
own science and technology is an action
movie with the sci-fi element yes but
when I think of 80s action movie the
movies I think of her stuff like die
hard sure you know commando he's like
that die hard absolutely wins I didn't
want to him so did that heroin of course
okay oh I heard of course die hard wins
just because it's awesome yeah predator
is an action movie though I was gonna
say where was Total Recall but that was
little fighters that was nine yeah I
think that was 1990 like Robocop is a
sci-fi movie with action tones
predators an action movie with psychic
fight ohms
no yes no the alien is too prominent
absolute literal it doesn't matter if
it's an action movie not an action
sci-fi movie you know they never like
it's not like they go into details on
what the alien is or like how it was
like present really in and come who the
fuck cares it it has an alien commando
by the book yeah action movie yeah it's
commando you think commando should have
one well no no but I mean no hard wind
guards muttering oh shit I'm talking to
you fuckers shit habit of something
terribly walk in the air condition oh
I'm sorry you gotta pull it off probably
to move all this up oh my god dozens
getting really warming alright is it
well it's good we're having a heated
rich screwed up oh they're we're having
a heated discussion about die hard and
pregnant yes yeah no that was my thing
when you're talking about eighties
action movies yeah I mean there are
things like predator which is is an
action movie but it's also a sci-fi
movie same with something like aliens
that's more sci-fi than action I agree
has full but but when you hear the term
80s action movie you think of Arnold
Schwarzenegger buff in commando you
think of John McClane diehard if you
think of straight ahead I don't disagree
with you
I think the predator vs. aliens argument
is a perfect one aliens
spends time building the sci-fi elements
where so it is a sci-fi movie first and
then it also has action whereas predator
is primarily about the action that just
happens to have an alien
therefore like and this is pedantic um
jackassery that I'm talking it doesn't
really matter
sure but if we were to prioritize as
younger the creditor would get the
action movie for more action than the
sci-fi aliens is more sci-fi than action
that solves it same with rope I think
the minute you introduce an alien
creature then it automatically shouldn't
be included with a these action movies
in the pure form of what it means action
now this matters I know I agree but I
lost the movie they're all awesome we
can agree in all I'm saying is you know
eventually you have two sub genre and
sub-genre and yeah certain parts of the
sub genre need to take priority you know
and you know and all I know is Predators
awesome predators awesome yeah predators
awesome diaper twins because the best
fucking movie in the world is die hard
maybe maybe I just have to rewatch
murderer it's not it's not my favorite
not of the event that here is sci-fi
action movies I rank underneath aliens
alien Terminator Terminator 2 in Robocop
it's as far as all of those that kind of
genre is like it's like at the top of
the pot oh you need to realize credit
raptor is pretty great yeah predators
pretty very I've seen I don't think ever
say it's better than determining watch
the last act somewhere recently again
okay the whole thing is you know what it
is it's delightfully slow for an action
movie yeah it takes this time building
up and yeah it takes a long time before
you even really see
the creature yeah it's really great a
lot a lot of tension building a lot of a
lot of characters lots of gay characters
and just end in like the violence good
violence - yeah that's fun no ah yes uh
someone is saying alien is better than
aliens yes I agree I've never been the
biggest fan of alien you know what
there's no idea they are I understand
but personally they disagree yeah sure
yeah they're also they're very different
fields yeah and that should be noted
aliens to me is two too many corny
elements to really love it sure there's
lots of like corny one-liners and I
never cared for the like everyone went
alien 3 came out almost pissed that they
killed off mute and Hicks it was like I
really care about though no alien great
horror movie
yeah if you can't really compare it to
aliens because it's trying to do
something completely different
aliens no i'm isn't an adventure action
movie yeah I'm totally aliens as its own
movie I just think it's kind of corny it
is well and and you're right like in I
am in don't get me wrong but it's not my
favorite in Alien you do care more for
the characters and in aliens it's a
little shock year and that I'd like I
like them both for different very
different yes I'm not like aliens a lot
but this is gonna be controversial I
like alien 3 more alien 3 but that was
so much closer in town to alien than
aliens those
and the endings great it's a great ramp
up to a trilogy if it was a trilogy I
don't like where this goes I like it
only three especially the if anyone's
seen the extended cut they came out on
DVD and then even better on the blu-ray
release it flushes out the movie a lot
more all right it's it's dark it's AM
sphere gets creepy looking there's some
good characters in it Sigourney Weaver
is awesome
I like alien 3 quite a bit it's flawed
but it's it's a more interesting movie
to me even with its flaws than aliens
--is which is technically a better movie
okay make sense that does make sense
that's that's an interesting argument
now I enjoy that and now I already hate
sailing three because I killed a Newton
Hicks I got it was like you understand
if he really likes those carrots I'm in
that boat yeah I know a lot of people
are but all right I just never really
cared okay so we need to watch predators
and we're bringing her a day yes that's
that's the best tomorrow night tomorrow
night but not really tomorrow night
oh now everyone's gonna go apeshit now
sound like alien 3 yeah oh no people are
saying I also like to think through okay
I think it's finally starting to come
around where people are looking at it
separate from the anticipation they had
when it came out after aliens because
it's not aliens it's not follow up to
aliens really I think people it's funny
like looking at it now so at times pass
you think people would be more shocked
at the notch at the dissonance between
alien yes yeah that's weird that
everyone just dislike ceilings is
awesome really but you like dealing
right yeah Amanda it's nothing like
alien it's me Meg nothing I gave no yeah
it's really weird objectives no date yes
I see you the sequel lows go in a
completely different direction sure
again keep it fresh bringing warm
gremlins such an important gremlins to
which I also think is amazing but that
locker let's do movie that's just
completely dedicated to ripping apart
everything that made the first movie
successful wonder here and there's this
great feature if I have nothing else
yeah although the gremlins in that movie
look great
is there an anniversary screening of
ghostbusters this week what oh I don't
know
someone said is our London to see the
anniversary screenings of ghostbusters
this week I know it might not be in
Milwaukee maybe not I haven't heard
anything about this point that out if
there is I think the answer is yes but
we didn't know about it
okay Jay how is the liquor selection in
the studio lounge I can tell you that
the gin is great go hungry my beer mmm
your what does it come Steagall eagle
Steagall hablar once you get there Jay
here and here's the thing that's going
to really piss you off is you're going
to have this and it's going to be the
most delicious thing you've ever drink
yeah and it's not in Milwaukee mmm
where'd you get it from Minnesota okay I
have a buddy up in Minnesota he says are
you guys completely out of touch I'm
sure oh yeah with what world anything
old men are out of touch with things
that's what we do
I suppose that's the the more important
but out of touch with look like out of
touch with current movies no I think
we're in touch out of touch with current
pop songs absolutely
I don't know I'm a big fan of that Nicki
Minaj song as we discussed last week
have you listened to any of her other
songs since then no let's take a moment
midstream it right when we want to ready
to take a break I want you to watch some
of her greatest stuff because I love
with Minaj
how am i doing everyone hahaha geeks
only houses how many bottles of my local
brews should I send as many as you think
you can I just shot I mean at least at
least four I don't know as many as you
want
15 William got a wave of x-rays closing
on your location 15 9s hmm down riddle
says ass ass ass ass ass ass yes I can
only SS s SS ss SS I'm just talking
about the Nicki Minaj video and you have
to be and yes I enjoy looking at Nicki
Minaj's ass and if that means watching a
music video while muted well so be it
while muted I like that yeah I like that
sometimes that's how you're gonna do it
spawns this check and dare very smart
motherfuckers Nicki and alien 3 forever
column address is troopship the only
things I like are alien 3 and Nicki
Minaj I enjoy how ridiculous she is the
I'm going to show Jay a couple music
videos during a break one will be one
you guys should all look up which is
Nicki Minaj starship if you ever wanted
to listen to a song and watch a music
video that are the definition of I don't
give a fuck that's that like the song
makes no sense in the video you can
clearly see her like give up lip-syncing
and the director and editor keep it in
for some reason
enemy oh yes I should activate asks did
I ever ask a J / Mike about plain red
letter media pint glasses yes I sent
Mike and Jesse and email with that
request to have a pint glass with just
the red letter media logo which I agree
is a good idea so I did pass that along
they said go fuck yourself and they also
said to go fuck myself well that's just
how they end every email to me so I
don't think that
but I'm not gonna read that geeks only
I'm not gonna read that what happened
now he's just saying funny things is it
really funny got out what does the we
hard space a space cop flag SC flag that
means really hard space cop that was a
thing that someone was holding up in our
crime scene in space come as the all CN
n space come as seen in space column
some day coming out soon like next week
space cop is right after the next one
get review yeah yeah that's what's tell
another oh shit you know I haven't seen
the rain have you seen the radio guys
are jerks
oh no I have not seen all right that's
one I've been meaning to see me tell me
to one of these days I'll get around to
it yeah I hear great things you know I
want along the same lines I want to see
the raid and attack the block I you know
everybody loved to tech the block I
didn't care much for huh no it was fine
it was okay but it wasn't hostile forces
it wasn't exciting enough to be an
action sci-fi thing and it wasn't funny
enough to be a comedy for me okay I just
kind of fell between the cracks not a
bad man you sure the creature designs
are kind of neat but I didn't love it
like a lot of people seem to maybe I
have to re-watch it again mm-hmm
yes one person it's worth the poison
killing you killing mobile focus yeah I
have not finished shovel not yet in fact
I only think the flat children you have
scoot I lives it's cute I highly
recommend shovel knight to anyone who is
considering buying it it's some of the
most fun event gaming recently I would
not go that far
ah most fun like it's not them it's not
the hardest game how much does a cycle
intend of one percent absolutely it but
it's it's a perfect time let me tell you
some butter of yours they don't they
don't have Nintendo Entertainment System
to stall job the other good they were
born when the fucking PlayStation 2 came
on that's probably true that's probably
true much I don't know it's fun
Shelvin light is fun I really enjoyed it
and I'm looking at the I'm
I'm going to finish it but you know you
start playing other games too many games
what are you gonna do there's too many
of them I owe you one
seriously I wouldn't be here without you
look executed to be here yeah what's
that look up the sky oh you were
tracking someone yeah it was some kind
of general do I was a that was a mission
and a vision objective guy with mission
objective gotcha
I get it you don't know your audience
you hack frauds as apathetic was
probably true we don't know I don't know
you personally yeah that's that's
literally true that is true
dr. JC promoted and wounded someone says
I was born in 2012 ACTA does octo J want
one sprinter or covering fire what is
octo j1o octo Jake Spencer or covering
fire
someone says uh that they think an
ex-con dev voiced van doom I could
believe it no no offense to their voice
acting but that used to happen all the
time back in the tall offense to the
boys act early voice acting was all the
paperwork the studio yeah of course of
course
beep the voice of Victoria she worked at
the studio but she was actually good at
uh covering he says all right
not my choice but it it's fine mods
choice someone is asking me what my
celebrity man-crush is I read there's
too many you know are you asking me for
personality looks general drug abuse if
it's personality it might be I don't
know Bryan Cranston you know everyone's
Bryan Cranston seems just like a great
dude Jamie no that's Mike's man-crush
too wasn't it
I have no idea you can say that cuz he
mentioned it on half in the bag
mine was Peter Dinklage Union Mike give
me a piece real name who wants to be a
white South African woman let's get the
Chad a chance to catch up on that one
we're gonna see who says first Pete's
role was this first Oh
we're boned pick me Jack can vouch for
my badass attune WI pwn Edie yep you in
first
wait whip wait wait WIP WI ne D heard I
fuck something up WN n no i wi p WN e d
o WN e d yeah well that is right up a
bin no way
everybody wants this position oh Jesus
Christ sorry guys we filled it already
we're going to was Whitman was way up on
it whooping oh you know what I think
whippin was on my FTL crew on Sunday
when we well yeah so yeah his badass
that's great
well didn't dippin whippin doesn't get
the pick Oh someone is asking if you are
if rich is wearing his XCOM shirt I
should then die I'm wearing my mega man
shirt yeah but rich loves his ex come
sure I do I do but that was so awesome
stuff we did the lovely people at fire
access games sent us a couple t-shirts
and and some posters poster for the
their new game and we love our teachers
thank you a few years more FTL all the
time all I want to play is a family the
aliens on come fish here we wouldn't
quit or else we could do oh there -
Kevin that's you after treatment Kevin
from fire kiss game is in the jet thank
you hey for the shirts everyone get that
beyond Earth we appreciate it
who is this I got Kevin from fire access
game the guy who sent us this shirts the
ex-con shirt oh but let the find people
who make ex colonization oh that's nice
who make amazing games like ex common
civilization all right
oh my god the Ocho knows just subscribe
thanks for subscribing ah
so like skip cutscene
I hate skipping cutscenes guys but I
love you so much and now you guys know
that an employee of fire axis is here
and we're skipping the cutscenes his not
put in so much work and time into these
cutscenes and we're skipping him because
of you assholes you don't stupid thanks
why am i doing stupid things I didn't
build a goddamn office your training
schools is I'm stupid I'm so stupid
and the Ocho nose says Jack please spend
my sub money on local beer only and I we
are only spending some money on video
games that's what rich and I have decide
100 % of previously recorded live sub
money will be going towards video games
to play on the stream and in and in our
previously recorded shows so you want to
give it yea like a shot maybe shouting
like I give it like two fingers of gin
you put two fingers to the bottom of the
glass and fill it up to that Amaya
I still can't believe onyx oh no I mean
like try to bring one of those things it
like this is two fingers but yeah that's
fine you can do that too
Sahara Chevy talk about the game warn
strategy and what if you want would you
say it to every phone talking though
y'all seem stupid it keepin her well you
know it someday someday we're gonna have
to do a stream worksheet you'll be and
we're talking about X and we have a down
time now so go ahead talk about your
strategy well I'm in between missions so
I guess I don't know what to talk about
Wow
and wondering if we should do more about
talking about this we can we need to
start up your fellow with dreams the
rich devlins hello screams evany it be
so dead quiet what people what their
people the rich Evan silver streams
already exists it's called playing your
game on Butte I have a sound down you'd
hear like Futurama playing in the
background that's actually you know rich
was just saying earlier that when he
plays games he usually has another thing
going in the background not all the
times if it's a game I'm playing for the
first time no I'm probably gonna be
solely focused on the game but you know
something like XCOM I know Indians and
outs of yeah I'm listening to some of
the background maybe maybe music maybe I
just got a TV shorting out on the
background that's crazy
no it's not it's it's I'm just saying
like even even for me like a game like
tf2 which is a game I have a zillion
hours into I do not listen and I listen
to all the in-game music and sound
effects I do not listen to music or
watch you know it's like when I play a
game I just want the game or different
peoples are is that true were totally
different do we have different opinions
on things you know and that's that's
unacceptable
we need to we need to go into
Thunderdome and work this out Osama
wants you to play checkers you fine
whichever's I'll kick your ass
Oh God you will observe poachers see
this is why I don't think you should be
too concerned rich about talking about
strategy and all that people would be
happy if you just played checkers who is
here last week with a great checkers
dream enclose the end of the month
where's that last abduction area
there am sentiments when tracking
several reported abductions via the
holiday I've got the coordinates locked
in what you gonna do demo contest no
contest so they're going red
wellthat to put the salt on lovely bit
assaults okay squaddies cyber Dino I
won't love scene injury okay I'm looking
for mistake okay
someone just said that whenever they
play games they put red letter media on
in the background and I guess that's
acceptable
oh thank you oh this is tasty I guess I
did not oh it's gone
there is a there is an inferior
grapefruit juice soda beer called
Schaffer Hoffer
it's incredibly inferior but if that's
all you get it works this steagle rather
oh that's tasty I know how often I would
want to drink it but it's a good summer
drink true that
rich do you play XCOM and key much I
play multi-player nothing that's true
I'm I when I play games I'm very much
just wanna be left alone baby games are
what I do when I don't want to interact
with other how many hours you have an X
come we have some answer and how many of
that is multiplayer zero literally zero
alright that's the you know that's fair
we're going to be putting down in Mexico
what happens what happens in multiplayer
oh you take turning just will be like
you you have a team and I have to take
to energy on us being like a pool of
points and different units cost
different points but you can you can mix
and match aliens and humans so it's not
Haley and versus humans we're just your
team or if you want whatever you can
afford versus the other guys team okay
whatever you can afford though that was
my question is like I reversed each
other or are we were here to get out
you're versus okay so I you could pit
your your little sectoid guys against my
soldiers are okay you wanted to use
cyber disk probably a bit more costly
sure yeah hi this one when one year
here's here's what I want to do when
you're more versed in X come maybe after
you finish the game next next year I
will I will have my first multiplayer
game against you
hmm oh my god you would kick my ass well
I won't give you time to play the
fucking game I'd love you to do okay I
let you kick my ass in Mario Kart
believe that's true you're right
okay I I accept your challenge
and we'll do we'll do it live on the
stream so everyone can see you kick my
ass at again okay that's fair
we probably even doing what your solo
stream is because we'd have to have two
computers so is yours you're me at home
and you at home okay I like that
we need an HDMI switcher and then we can
like switch between our computers so it
I guess we could you guys we got like
one it's cleared to engage
we have her own separate streams going
kevin says he'll give me some tips I'll
meet him
Oh terrible we get the jack XCOM stream
and the rich XCOM straight to separate
streams oh my god I love the streams it
will create it will create a twitch
channel just for the secondary stream
the secret stream if we had trying to
think how we can do this oh no no oh no
we can do it live dot if we we can um
will stream from my computer and hook up
your computer like it is now to an HDMI
out we can stream off of the same thing
oh okay it's two video signals into the
same computer live streaming both sides
of the battle okay we can do that
absolutely that's going to happen
you gotta finish XCOM i am i listen neck
by next year oh I know I know I'll be
halfway done and and we'll work on it
oh well that's right don't cross the
streams that's a reference to Star Wars
I'm so on The Phantom Menace that's true
without oxygen yes sub money will be
going claims that sub money will be
going towards games and also gaming
systems and that will also include
better computer hardware better capture
devices to make sure that we get you the
hottest yeah cleanest graph is because
right now X comes about the most my
computer can do you sure right now yep
and and I'm running out of mac running
Windows that's probably six years old by
now when we first started talking about
doing games i i i yeah I did some
playing around with my system and I was
running dishonored and I had fraps
running and my framerate
I was shocked it was solos like in the
20s low twenties yeah
and you don't want to see that no nobody
wants to see that that's terrible
haha terrible its tail later Oh Jewish
woman Kevin matzo ball is any of the sub
money gonna go towards buying the subs
to eat for lunch very hard cuz we need
to you know we need to eat this for the
stream I'm very hungry I am
your son right now someone is asking a
very important question Jack are you a
light medium or dark roast coffee and
this might be a little controversial but
I like my coffee lights I like a nice
light smooth coffee
I do pour over coffee and I cold brew
for the summer because I like iced
coffee in the Sun so when I call through
and is there a process turbo finish your
way you're saying buddy copy it when I
called brew and pour over it makes for a
very smooth coffee so light and smooth
I'm just going to ask because I never
drink iced coffee is do you just make a
pot of coffee and important to a cup of
ice notice there's something different
or something - no but because now all if
you pour a cup of coffee over ice the
ice will melt and it will dilute you'll
have just weak coffee okay and so when
you make iced coffee you have to
actually make a concentration time so
when you dilute it with water it
maintains its bold coffee flavor
now go three cups of really coarsely
ground coffee and seven cups of water
let it sit for fifteen hours seriously
yes it sounds like too much work for
coffee
I'm already out no it's you just put in
a bowl let it sit overnight cover it
with a towel it sit overnight and then
send it through a wire mesh strainer and
then through a normal coffee filter and
that process actually takes a really
long time it takes a couple hours
I got all the coffee-room but it gets
you it gets you like a week's worth of
coffee
oh okay and and it's great then you just
need it like half coffee half water and
ice and you're good to go you lunch stop
would you do soup i hunker down
did you hungry everyone hunker down the
hype for hunker down yo ah and that's
how you make the world's best iced
coffee see seamless sir
depressing for AM radio with Jack and J
nice coffee there I need coffee to live
I don't know if I can quite elaborate my
dependency on caffeine and so coffee has
become very important to me let's
understand I drink a lot of coffee too
I drink it black even when it's 90
degrees out I drink hot black coffee
that see black of course yeah black no
sweetener no sugar just black coffee but
when it's 90 degrees then you get a
little paste I don't drink it outside
and you're getting my air conditioning
you know even then even then they need
some ice dawg
you come over my nose I just made a pie
I strange this morning got me a nice
nice coffee from you know like coffee
shop it's fine
I just drink my hot coffee crazy dog
I know I know ha copy when it's cold
cold hop cup for her from was hot oh my
god ha ha haaa ha ha ha ha ha jack is
almost done with his first beer savings
he's drunk oh my god oh my god
citizen grapes and someone needs to help
someone take his cup here boy
I think about that every once in a while
like just taken like a month off of
coffee it's hard I've given up caffeine
before cuz I drink a lot of coffee too
and it's yeah it's it's tough the first
few days are really tough caffeine is a
physical dependency it's a physical
addiction
yeah I get really bad headaches um I had
a restless leg syndrome like when I try
to sleep at night I could not stop
moving my legs they got bad I don't want
to start drinking coffee again and
everything was fine sure that's why
resolve the issue what no I want some
gum and the first time I stopped I went
a couple months ok yeah then I got back
on it again and then I quit again for
like a month or two months but I just I
like coffee too much just less of the
dependency thing more that I just like
I'm not coffee in the morning so and
that's you know like also coffees good
for you like if you don't drink too much
obviously and you know it's not like
we're drinking a ton of sugar and milk
where it's right just coffee if you have
it in a reasonable bun it doesn't hurt
you
yeah it helps some doctor say I'm not a
doctor
don't listen to Jack Jack it's terrible
medical advice but doctor says
huh our Ellen has RLS yeah it was the
worst I couldn't sleep at night because
I could not stop wailing my stupid legs
around does that hurt Oh for anyone
asking rich is playing rich is buying
and that's why he's doing so well don't
go don't write you know love Courtney of
course you're doing good you're fighting
aliens what if they're good at lives
thought about that well they're
attacking the world so you're doing good
by fighting aliens well I'm gonna trying
to help everybody
we just misunderstood oh that could be
maybe there's a subtext of the game no
after the 900 hour mark the subtext
really comes comes clean that's right
dick the board the birthday boy Jack is
not a real doctor do not let me touch
your genitals do you want to tell the
the story there Greely estate story oh
really estates their band I think
they're from Arizona and Mike used to
shoot Mike I shot a a live concert with
them once or something so just as a
stack of real estate the Flyers and by
the way big stack of them and so we just
hang them up they're not just in the VCR
repair shop said they're in the office
area and I hate looking at the ha
as you should I don't know why you guys
put them up it fills me busy I don't
think I've ever listened to him I've
just seen their images sure that's more
than enough
group I don't just colors how asshole
asking about that Oh
or at least responding to I was talking
to Kevin there you go there you go ho
asshole there you go hey dumb man ex
thanks for subscribing we appreciate it
double Mannix MINIX
de Mannix action 80s action TV show dumb
addicts oh yeah so basically kind of
thing yeah he ain't that smart but he's
smart enough at killing you oh shit
no no this is shit she can't like what's
in her way oh fuck I want to get my
heavy killed because of this it was not
good your town is next asked Jay and
Jack I'm both a twitch subscriber and a
patreon patron does this entitle me to
any special secret bonuses it entitles
you to the secret bonuses present to
both of those subscriptions yes so you
get pizza roll and access to all of our
mobile cons to here on Twitch and
whatever your patron I'm not a patreon
so I guess it depends on what tier
you're on on patreon but you get
whatever tier you get those so that's
that yeah if you get something for
having both of those combined uh no no
youyou get us to get our computer our
gratitude we really appreciate the
support that's true er you left I had a
head oh I'm sincere thank you very much
we do really appreciate you I said a
goofy but ya know we appreciate all the
support
that's all like yeah don't be like that
I'm just being asked option do you guys
post special stuff to the patreon um as
often as we can it depends on my tier
like videos aren't as frequent because
it's usually outtakes or deleted stuff
sure so it's whatever project were
working on we're trying to do text
updates and photos and stuff yeah you
guys do a lot of things yeah that's good
but reminds me I gotta get those photos
for me I dunno what if I can't bring it
that's how you gonna email like is it
tomorrow I get you dad tomorrow that's
fine
let's email you is it special photos
from a very special shoot that happened
yes but what what nothing
I don't know how it worked on blip but I
can tell you how it works on YouTube and
twitch as someone is asking if we get to
choose which commercials we air the
answer is no now the what happens is
companies make commercials and then you
know bid on where they go when we have
weekend like if there is a particular
commercial that we find offensive I
believe at least on YouTube you can say
not that commercial on but I don't know
how to do it on twitch and I can only
assume you guys don't do it on blip so
no that's all someone else
if someone is asking air kisses from
rich Evans as a patreon tier oh my god
is there yeah but by the way only if
your patreon lip can you accept that air
kiss everyone else don't accept it
you should shoot away
the stream just stopped for you it's
it's working for me yeah it's fine so
sorry you must be relieved they go there
to watch this anymore take chances is it
kevin says is it weird to have a ps4 ad
on a fire axis live stream yes it is why
they not do ps4 and I don't pay
attention to the console or slider
thanks I think I believe their PC o Expo
came on the consoles
oh that's right it did they came out all
mopey s3 and ps4 PS to ps3 oh my god
Jack stop talking but um you know we
should do we should take a break yeah oh
you know I'm almost done I don't know
we've been streaming for forever for a
while not actually after this mission
we're gonna make very sure we're gonna
take a little break
Tech is to refill his giant jug of water
now that I've had this beer I just need
to sell them is that all it takes
anymore yeah one beer one beer I don't
it hears by the way I'm giving away a
little bit I don't drink that much it
my tolerance is very little so yeah
after this I'm feeling great that's my
one beer with gin shot it's just enough
it's just another attack
another day right another successful up
we'll be back
oh did you win yeah I'm so far I've only
lost people on the first fucking mission
Oh that first awful fucking dreadful
shitty fucking piece of shit fucking
walking to men ah
we're on my goddamn nights what a dick
well we're probably gonna take like a
five or ten minute break to make sure
that we can all refill our beverages and
stretch but we'll be back Bligh

[Part IV]
Okay, everybody. We, we didn't refill our drinks. We didn't get ready. All we did was watch three Nicki Minaj videos.
It was the, the most anti-climactic thing that has ever happened in my entire life.
Watching Nicki Minaj videos?
What was I supposed to get outta that, Jack?
An, an appreciation of the arts.
I do recommend to anyone out there...
You know...
...that Stupid Ho video is pretty fantastic.
That, that...
I enjoyed that video. That was so fucking weird.
I gotta say, Jack, that did make me want to turn off the video and look at some art.
Oh.
So it did improve my appreciation.
Well, Rich, Rich had the best comment during the Stupid Ho video, which is, "I wonder what someone from the 1930's would think if they saw this?"
I'm, really...
And if you look at it from that context, from, like, uh, uh, a cultural historical standpoint...
Yeah.
It was interesting.
"You a stupid ho! You a, you a stupid ho!"
With the digitally-enlarged eyes, when she's tiny on the chair, for no reason.
It's so weird.
Irish shots of a monkey and like then
the parts of the video where she's just
holding up her leg behind her head
beautiful video end song yo Baby Bop
fuck you on your EP such an inspiring
song right you know it really makes you
want to you know get out there and make
something of your life to not be a
stupid oh yeah yeah yeah that's nice no
offense
oh asshole who wants to be this Mexican
assault with terrific will and amazing
aim okay let's see who who wants it
Shawn W I said W J F Shawn WJ f Watson
named me he says okay actually I got the
right screen was that name one more time
Shawn WJ f I believe WJ f okay this is
Shawn first name will be Shawn yeah
how's that Shawn spelt yes yeah what is
it J
I don't know I gotta fight in you
someone from the 1930s wouldn't say much
because most of them are dead now UN you
I'm sorry everybody that you got you got
to be quick you got to be quick on the
name and draw alright so this guy's got
good aim I know I know most people like
like tactical sense for the defense but
aim like that I'm going for all all
firepower okay III want that aggression
yeah
for the same reason I should take close
and personal ah but I like lightning
reflexes anybody in the stream was
wondering what I'm doing with this guy
and why I'm doing it but that ain't my
problem probably should with aggression
for maximum damage so what is close to
close and personal deals personal means
you dodged one overwash shot
automatically oh ok so he goes no
overwatch just just move him that'll
take care of the problem nice yes ok but
you like lightning reflexes but that is
what that is the close the other one
that I'm skipping yeah cuz this guy I'm
kind of gonna go for more of an
offensive build it's if you're within 4
tiles of the target you can you can
shoot an extra time Oh
so yeah on your first movement if you're
within 4 tiles you got a free shot oh
okay okay but you like I like lightning
reflexes too much so you can use him to
deepu's a over watchin that someone else
can come in
nice other otherwise with this guy I'm
pretty much gonna go entirely offensive
okay you know what that's fair we did
talk about Nicki Minaj somewhere oh this
is the Nicki Minaj stream oh god I would
say I'm just I'm fascinated by her shit
her her songs don't seem to have any
cohesion and I love that like we were we
were watching the starship video and it
starts off with like awkward rapping
going into a pop chorus into a dubstep
bridge where it's like all she says
herself in the song that she's higher
than a mulligan did Nicki Minaj make you
forget you're higher than a motherfucker
you know what she is that Nicki Minaj
she's a free spirit does for a bigger
good for her she doing what she'd do her
videos are very colorful I like that I
think it's all I got to say about Nicki
but nothing about her the better
I knew next to nothing about her until
I'm sold last week so
okay well that's we can stock up what
what did she do last so you guys only
watched the Anaconda video
to finish it ever that's true I'm gonna
call myself a fan of Nicki Minaj because
like I've never bought anything evers
but I enjoy her sure and that anaconda
video is the dumbest shit in the world
yeah and right that's a wrap under Nicki
Minaj conversations so someone is
telling us to watch of your music videos
and not generate a burek has Burke is a
great musician yeah
BJ oh are okay she has one video that
has animation by John Kricfalusi from
Ren & Stimpy yeah that's a good video um
I like the big-time sensuality video
sister bouncing around on the back of a
truck driving through New York yeah yeah
that's how the army of meaning I want to
say is a army azalea's Michelle gondry
video to secure the crash site or is
like it's on one of those whatever
always gay like yeah I think it's
Michelle country dude it features like
like big fanciful objects seemingly made
out of cardboard so I want to say to
Michelle go now I mean that sounds like
Michelle Gonder yeah I haven't seen that
one though oh no you know what Spike
Jonze was uh it's so so quiet yeah it's
a one shot with x remapping where it's
both in regular speed and slow motion
but a one shot all synced up to the song
oh wow beautifully
take a moment after watching all the
Nicki Minaj videos watch to watch it so
so quiet from here
that sounds cool like really great
that's actually use it to listen to
actual music
I just recently started act it's weird
that you that the chat mentions work
I was just read listening to like posts
at post is a great album debut and posts
Bjork's great I have no idea what she's
been doing recently I haven't kept up on
New York I saw the movie she's
bok-bok-bok she was in not dancer oh my
god she isn't that don't okay if you
watch dance in the dark everyone should
see the dancer in the dark but be
prepared to cry drawing or sprint 9
that's the movie I'm thinking of
directed by Matthew Barney you did the
keymaster cycle okay I saw it at the
times years ago but it's like what's the
name of it again drawing restraint not
America's in it
it takes place on this ship on this like
tanker ship I can't remember much about
it it's experimental Venus Matthew
Barney he's a weirdo I don't remember
much about it now I just know that I saw
it come on man I got another tire I
think they're cutting a giant like old
large like they have this giant block of
lard and they're cutting through it I'm
really racking my brain to remember this
movie I got nothing
okay Bjork is in it and manthie Barney
directed it nice
that's all I got cutting laughs that's
my review to be arc movie there's a ship
and she's in it all right
how a saw is mentioning the sugar cubes
which was Bjork's band before she was
just be or contender listen to them it's
fine yeah it's it's you know
significantly not as Bjork as Bjork is
the sentence that makes perfect sense
that knows both the sugar cubes and
viewer but it's fun it's fun stuff
answer in the dark I went to see that
with a couple friends and there was one
in particular who was crying so
violently at the end of dance in the
dark that we had to carry her out oh my
god yes I remembered that movie came out
when I was in film school and one of our
film TAS was talking about it and I
think I had already seen it at that
point and she was saying it's a really
great movie all of you should go check
it out while it's playing here in
Milwaukee but walk out before the last
ten minutes cuz it's too depressing cuz
like you're a fucking film TA you're
telling people to walk out of a movie
because it's sad that person that makes
the movie yeah yeah I'm sorry
oh here's what are what are some great
movies you never want to watch again
because it's too painful dancing the
Darracq dancer in the dark I would watch
that again I haven't seen in a long time
nothing has anything I would never watch
because it's too depressing or something
Star Wars attack of the clones
well that's being played for different
reasons
no like I mean a movie that you know
emotion gets too emotional yeah no I
like movies that make you feel like shit
so I don't have a problem where you
watch you know like real life makes me
feel enough like shit
it really does so no no movie can
compare yeah to the heard that I
typically avoid feeling like shit I
don't I don't see the point in making
myself feel like shit cathartic no it's
not it's terrible cuz then you get you
get all that out in you the next day you
wake up and you feel great no no I'm
sorry No
it's kind of day you watch that you know
it's the same reason I watch horror
movies I like that feeling of being is
scared not that most of them don't scare
me anymore but it's getting these these
feelings out of you before seeing these
feelings to to reach the surface and
face them I like that I like escapism is
what you're talking about taking a
moment reacting in a certain way than
going back to real life
yeah but escapism I think more of like
like sci-fi fantasy fun movies that to
me is escapism depressing movies or
horror movies are more facing grim
realities which has its place to I still
call it escapism because it's not facing
your realities you're still facing a
fictional reality yeah okay even though
they're more realistic making off with
QWERTY fingers
Jacob's Ladder yeah that's the movie
that makes you feel like shit that's
great
here's the nigga fun now Tim Robbins
it's really good makes it feel like shit
and it's creepy
I don't call ecole consider what here's
a wheel and know how like I like Tim
Robbins and Macaulay Culkin so perhaps I
was it's a really really good movie
those are telling you to say Richie
sorry I don't know if I'm just been then
good and avoiding them I can't think of
any movies off and then make me feel
like shit
yeah like I I have yet to see it but I
hear requiem for a dream is one of those
that yeah requiem for a dream I know a
lot of people think that's it's
horrifying and depressing and all that I
got to me it was just I liked it but
it's really over at the table okay
that's kind of how I feel about a lot of
Darren Aronofsky stuff
cheers moments in Black Swan which I
like that movie a lot too but there's a
couple parts to ride life download the
feeder oh I got a Ben barest myself but
it's just too much oh that's why I like
the wrestler that movies way more
subdued wrestlers bro
yeah I just saw there recently yes I
think you saw that at a gathering the
night was that we watched it man really
really good what a great movie nice yeah
that's definitely my favorite movie of
his that I've seen no I don't know like
for me it's Black Swan yeah Black Swan
is so angry watch it I haven't seen it
since the theater like it I cannot think
of a more perfect movie I'm not saying
it's the greatest movie ever made
yeah but everything technical about that
movie added to storytelling elements
there's not as I'm concerned yeah I
should really watch it there were the
way he shot at the different styles in
which he shot it for different character
elements was a perfect representation of
I don't wanna get too deep but the
wrestler is super I can't believe how
restraint the wrestler was yeah when you
look at the other movies that he's made
I haven't seen manoa yet hey I've heard
crazy things that no it's kind of giant
rock monsters yeah you want to watch it
I just have another chance to do mmm-hmm
giant monsters are first giant rock
everything's art Nicki Minaj's art Nicki
Minaj's art that's true the coca-cola
logo is art why did they get an extra
turn that's bullshit
bullshit that's aliens man they can turn
say one shit dog shit dog I got right
their nose lightning reflexes I love it
I love it
that's yeah that is great at least your
overwatch and
929 yeah we'll take the 97 no assaults I
just pretty then oh I had a thing about
Requiem oh you know what what movie I'm
thinking of its kind of that's a little
on the depressant side that I've only
watched a couple times a night I watched
it once like in high school that I had
trouble watching it later was happiness
oh I love happiness oh it's great
actually I don't know that's not a movie
you can really say you love I appreciate
it and I've watched it a few times yeah
yeah happiness is really good that's
it's really good but tough to watch yes
but probably it's the closest I would
say to a movie that I would not want to
watch again
okay listen what I can't watch the
Bolshevik fuck so but it is tough that's
a rough movie yeah I don't like dying
clowns or something what no a dying
clown would make you feel better acting
happiness No
yeah the scene towards the end or the
the sun's asking questions to his day on
the couch like that is that's hard to
sit through it's you know it's just it's
a movie about sad people being sad and
in certain cases but they're sad and
depraved in very real ways
yes it's and yet there's still a dark
comedic element to parts of it is it's
like the park when I was Phil Baker hall
was that the actor don't replace the the
father
when he's trying to get the his son's
friend to eat the sandwich and he's like
looking at the sandwich and it's like
this tense thing because he could eat
the sandwich goes like but kind of funny
and and it's like the the film has it
where you're like in the character
archetype is you're almost like rooting
for him but you're like know that you're
rooting permits execute in a way yeah
where it's like it's executed like
you're supposed to be rooting for me no
you can't yeah that's an interesting
movie I mean I haven't seen in a while
but I like top salons what else has he
done he did welcome to the dollhouse did
you ever see that it was his first movie
and then he did a movie called
palindromes which is say the lead
character is a girl who's played by like
multiple actresses throughout the movie
okay and that's an interesting one that
was I think her pretty low budget for
him you know we called storytelling
which wasn't very good as most recent
one in this life during wartime which is
I guess a semi sequel to happiness it's
a lot it's same characters but they're
played by different actors hmm which I
found off-putting yeah it's like any
investment I had these characters like
it's become people playing I'm I feel
like it disconnect there was it was
there a reason for that just Eclair just
yeah I think it was the same reason he
had multiple actresses play the same
character in palindromes just sort of
yeah a little experimental yeah
Paul Rubens is playing in life during
wartime he's playing the Jon Lovitz
character from happiness reason that
nobody seems to happiness character and
everything
you're shit and I champagne yeah
happiness is really good that's probably
the best thing the console on celebrity
this other movies are fine yeah that
one's really really good Dylan Baker
they're saying is the dad Dylan Baker
yes yes Dylan Baker yeah he's good in
general yeah yeah I can't remember
anything I've seen him in but I've
enjoyed him impact that's such a city it
was used who was the girl that was on a
day with just models she was great - um
I don't know that I'm not Lara Flynn
Boyle who's a so now therefore Blair as
I've seen the actress and Seymour
Hoffman she's in stuff no I want to say
I can't think of her name she's really
good she's sort of a what holds that
movie together because he just feels so
bad for it so like fragile and sad
looking him yeah she's great
oh sorry about these bumper movies
welcome to me bummer cast
welcome to suicide time I'm trying to
think of of any other like I there was a
string like happiness came out like
record came out then we watched answer
to dark like there's a stream of real
bummer movies yeah
wrestlers good like that sequester makes
a deal not not that bummer but it's like
it's a bummer movie not on the level of
happiness but it's like no there were
some fields of wrestling yeah I like
that nice we got nothing no I I don't I
don't
the end of the mist yes but we got a
bummer movie but that ending is pretty
fucking depressing
hmm and I love it I know a lot of people
didn't like it at all I have seen it but
I know about the ending and yeah well
through it if you already down I
something I knew nothing about it so
that really caught me off guard
not just to stop this question for me
being asked I was working with Tim
Heidecker and a half of the bank
I was great great no he was a nice guy
he came by the studio we uh we only had
an hour we shot his bit in an hour and
then I drove him to shake all because he
had a performance I'd like that was it
in and out yep but yeah no it was great
who's being a bummer movies are you
excited for what is the Michael Keaton
movie coming up bird no birdman' birdman
i don't know i am i don't know what to
make of it from the trailer it looks
like a michelle boundary movie a little
bit it's not I don't know who directed
it I haven't paid much attention I just
saw the trailer once but it's an
understood it's not as whimsical as
Michelle around room you know but it has
some of those weird surreal elements
yeah so yeah I don't know I don't know
much about it but I'm intrigued I'm
excited and confused about it if that's
which is better than seen a trailer I'm
just going okay yeah you know it's just
like something different at least yes
whether it will be good or fail does not
matter because it is one of the very few
movies I'm actually interested yeah yeah
and that's really what I'm looking for
these days it's just something that
looks different it's like under the skin
I really like because certain people are
making movies like that right now
and then he used like that that movie
felt you know there's not a lot of other
movies like that around so good
good kind I think that's you know I
think it's all good that Birdman
directed by some foreigner probably it
wouldn't directed my foreign men foreign
man foreign man vodka
speaking of foreign man directing movies
we should have our official snowpiercer
discussion okay that's me yeah Jake and
I both recently finally watched
snowpiercer and I really really liked it
a lot is the chat going crazy I'm sure
once it's gonna catch up once it gets up
I'm sure it's good it's nobody if
there's a really good movie I think I
liked a little more than you but I
really liked it I had some issues with
it
I invite what I kept saying was once you
get past the completely ludicrous
premise which is ludicrous yeah cuz even
if you say you know like oh it's gonna
an engine that can run forever blah blah
but it's like still the track is gonna
wear out over time the train you know
that's gonna have problems so once you
get past that I thought it was really
interesting and really well done and
there's a lot of variety to the action
sequences this isn't really like that I
agree and like I did not have a problem
maybe again it's because I'm a comic
book guy I have absolutely no problem
with the ridiculous premise of all of
humanity lives on a train hunger games
on a train is there a good reason they
have to be on the train yes yes it's
three stood up outside okay it's it's a
post-apocalyptic yes it's wintertime and
it's
temperatures that will kill you almost
instantly and the train has to keep over
to the end for that reason yeah yeah
actually I want I mean I wonder if they
could just keep the engines running
people ya know the Turner's I know a
girl fan but there is an explanation as
to why give me but uh yeah I was
hesitant when I first read about it cuz
everyone was recommending it because it
had the lower-class citizens in the back
of the Train and they have to make their
way to the front of the Train with the
the high-class citizens like oh god this
again cuz that's a trope I'm really sick
of because it's so yeah when it's really
heavy-handed like land of the dead and
there's no logical reason for having
separated classes yeah money but mo
gives a shit about money then point
anything so it's like oh no and then
like Elysium which I haven't seen but I
heard the that's kind of heavy-handed
meant to bury a Elysium by the way quick
aside a good movie very heavy-handed
okay I still haven't seen it maybe one
of these days I liked Elysium but their
Elysium has several roll yaw moments at
the yeah subtext of classism see and
that's what I hate when it's not even
some text anymore but it's so obvious
yeah um but no it's no piercer as a good
explanation as to why there's this
division of classes and makes sense in
the context of the movie and it works as
a set up of these people have to get
from the back of the Train at the front
of the train so oh yeah I like that a
lot that's like the premise didn't
bother me the thing that bothered me
initially about the movie is it it I
mean it's low-budget and it looks
low-budget at the beginning of the movie
and it takes you a while to acclimate to
how the movie looks yeah maybe a little
bit I don't remember that bother me that
I mean it makes sense throw a train
everything is tight everything
everything is a sense yeah yeah
it takes you a while to get used to it
but once you do and you'll hit a certain
scene in the movie where we meet Tilda
Swinton yes oh my god what happened
Oh chrome ran out of memory chat crush
no no I just just might grab yours oh
okay
you'll meet tells us win and realize
that you're gonna have a good time yeah
oh it's this kind of moving yeah it's a
little off-kilter
and that's what I like to there's lots
of bizarre little touches and out but
really I'm so thus wins great it's good
I don't want to be too harsh
I can't be like an asshole about the
movie I'm gonna go so far as to say it's
one of the better but one of the best
movies I've seen this year okay I'm on
go that far I'll go ahead and agree with
you the other more grosser patients an
idea what not even reservations it left
me rolling my eyes
really yeah movie no well yeah because
that's the end of the movie and I know
I'm not going to get into spoilers
because people should see it but that's
the taste it leaves in your mouth with
that ending of the movie and it was just
like it was specifically one of Captain
America scenes at the end Chris Evans
Chris Evans has a little monologue ready
delivers at the end and it seems to come
in a very awkward point in the movie out
of nowhere that he has no reason giving
or whatever beyond like this is the
point of the movie in which the
character says a thing about his
personal life
yeah and that was just like yeah it
could have been incorporated in the
movie anymore in a way there surely
without you flowed better in unscathed
yeah good no there's still a very good
movie I watched it on Amazon and it was
a seven dollar rentals well worth the
seven car rental business Dylan theater
rental yes by the way the guy who
directed birdman is Alejandro Gonzalez
in new rattle okay the guy drinks babble
21 grams okay and beautiful beautiful
there you go favorite Will Smith movie
easy let's name a movie that was me yeah
yeah no that's I know I actually just
forgot the name of it for a second
there's my favorite Will Smith movie
what is your favorite will Smith movie
no it was a I forgot the name of it I
turned it into a joke yeah but what is
it really
what was my oh yeah my joke was gonna be
hitch and I forgot the name that I love
them so much I forgot the name of yeah I
like men in black I didn't like it that
much for my first song bethere I think I
appreciate it later yeah yeah I know
this worm I think that's where Mike's
starting to despise Will Smith I don't
like Will Smith generally I don't either
Mike Mike dates and guys are crazy what
Smith it's great now he's Will Smith in
everything yes and he seems like an
arrogant prick I don't know seems like
most of his decisions as an actor fueled
by ego lately yes yeah the back in the
day I don't agree with you is my I don't
know I like a snake I but I like that
kind of what if we called it in the past
schmaltz yeah I enjoy that kind of small
right this morning oh yeah oh we're glad
to have more help down so I don't know I
dig a big Willie style I'm all up in I
did watch The Fresh Prince of bel-air
when it was on before he was famous
moving man right to watch that show
famous movie man yeah I would watch a
movie called famous movie yeah I guess I
would say men in black I'm trying to
think of something else that I would
like more lad I don't like most of his
movies it's only canceled have expressed
an interest in acquiring some of the
iron axe weird
however we should be careful in choosing
what items we release the research team
may not have discovered their true value
yet don't forget the sample examined by
the research team
there's no rush in there now though to
the end of this model I'm just looking
into the chances 
Jack: Oh, that's fucking right. You're absolutely right. Greatest Will Smith movie ever: Bad Boys II.
Jay: Which I've never seen.
Jack: Uh, the second greatest Will Smith movie: Bad Boys.
Jay: Oh, my god.
Jack: I fucking love Bad Boys. Those are great movies.
Jay: All right. I'll have to take your word for it.
Jack: Fucking, I love it
Rich: Um, whatever. Whatever.
Jack: Whatever, what, whatever? Oh, man. Oh, it's just great schlock. Like, Bad Boys, Face-Off...shit, yeah. Love that movie. He's not in Face-Off.
Jay: He was not in Face-Off. 
Jack: I'm just thinking of other, like, weird...
Jay: Other dumb action movies.
Jack: ...dumb action movie. Yep. Was that even 90's? or was that, I guess it was.
Jay: Face-Off? Um, or early 2000's.
Jack: 90's or early aughts. I don't know.
Jay: Yeah. I never saw it.
Jack: Yeah.
Jay: I missed a lot of action movies from that period because I didn't care.
Jack: Oh, man. It's, I don't know, like, if I want to call 'em, like, guilty pleasures, but I, I am general, genuinely entertained by Bad Boys.
Jay: All right.
Jack: I dig it.
Jay: All right.
Jack: I accept its dumbness. That was before Michael Bay became incoherent.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: Like, Transformers I watched the first
Transformers movie in an attempt and I
tried I really did and it was a muddled
garbage mess as you know oh yes yes I
don't need to speak to you about garbage
eyes let his transformers does this just
for the chat but he used to make just
solid dumb action movies bad boys The
Rock I remember liking the rock but I
haven't seen it since high school
I'd have to re-watch it it's it's not
it's not uh it's not happiness you know
but it's but really what is but really
what is yeah bad boys is great and bad
boys too
well I know it go right likes bad boys -
they make homage is homage is to it in a
hot bus huh show fuzz us so yeah that
validates it somewhat for me it's it's
great yeah alright it's not everything
that happens in the movie account is
exactly what you think will happen but
it happens in such a spectacular way its
fireworks you know they're gonna be
bright and they're gonna go boom but you
still go this is the mission where you
nearly got wiped out
alright and now you're gonna do it
flawlessly I'm gonna do this flawlessly
check gifs despite me just despite you
that I love it Wallace I love it i I
wish you nothing but the best of luck
oh there's a good one favourite John
Candy movie oh he likes to Blues
Brothers well that's not a chunky I know
I know as far as like vehicle uh orange
or three I would say blames trains and
automobiles
yeah I love that movie that's great I
like the concept behind delirious I
don't like the movie so much I don't
remember the movie I know I saw it
the cut long long time ago he's is so
the writer wakes up in his soap opera
that he writes for and he can write what
happens
yeah his magical writing mode where if
he writes something it happens in his
world like like he has a typo and these
are going to add a party oh yeah dear
somebody offers a cold dear yeah they
walk by like a deer yes you're right
best premise not the best movie plain
straight like planes trains and
automobiles is one of those weird movies
where I remembered it younger I thought
when I was younger and I remembered it
being a comedy it is a comedy it gets
sad terms it's not I mean it's not a
comedy like a comedy is a comedy though
it's that was weird sentence that was
very weird it's not it's not like a it's
not like an airplane no no it's very
very funny but it gets sort of
bittersweet and sad towards the end not
just towards the end ever the whole it's
it's it's really towards the end mostly
towards an to get said but I mean the
whole movie is very real
there's weird bones they're going the
wrong way down the highway and they see
the trucks company towed some of the
disgusting screen here with their
skeleton goofy shit in that movie nice
boss I guess a maybe it just wasn't as I
don't know maybe it's just an age thing
yeah it's great place rents out it's
great yeah that's probably my favorite
cuz that's just the most range of him
yeah I mean boorish and funny doesn't
being sweet where it's likable at the
end we find out his backstory and it's
kind of sad runs the gamut yeah I like
that movie a lot yeah Uncle Buck great
movie I remember liking Uncle Buck I
don't think I've seen that since as a
little kid who what oh that's an Uncle
Buck is our Fantastic Four Johnny Storm
from Fantastic Four was bug in the oven
that's right yeah I was like what's the
connection from the Roger Corman
Fantastic Four that's right that's right
bug is Johnny Storm
I'm just trying to like I'm just trying
to think of John Candy like great
outdoors it's been a long time since
I've seen great outdoors yeah
Oh what was the one where there was like
a big sailboat race and he wins the
sailboat race by putting its pants on
the sail summer and rental and summer
rent I think yeah summer rental that's a
good one that's another one I haven't
seen since I was a little kid yeah
John Candy movies I haven't seen
recently except for planes trains and
automobiles i watch that when someone
regularly by that I mean every other day
and by that I mean every day yeah no
it's a good comedy because he's trying
to get home to his family for
Thanksgiving see Martinez yeah it's a
good good job Thanksgiving movie there
are a lot of those yeah oh my god am I
forgetting Spaceballs no yes Spaceballs
Hayes but I was like again the speech
bells is enough Brooks movie not a John
Candy yeah but what he's very funny and
he's very funny I don't think of that as
a John Candy no I guess not but I don't
even really like I ever saw a Canadian
bacon I never saw that it's not very
good no that's the Michael Moore movie
right
yeah that was this narrative movie that
he made for doing we're about nothing
but trouble
oh god the movies the best in the world
it's fascinating though it's it's it's
awful but it's sort of like what were
they thinking yes every weekend I have
to watch this again I actually as a kid
I liked it and I was sort of cuz it's so
bizarre
yeah it was bizarre I think this is what
I liked about it though Beca nothing
about that movie makes any sense yeah
did you know what underground yes Danny
Aykroyd has like a like a penis nose
like his nose looks like a dick yeah but
it's a fake nose he takes it off at one
point you know yeah the giant diaper
babies yeah the weird they live in the
dome part of the highlights the house
has a rollercoaster in the dome I think
this was at straps that's yeah I think
that whole movie was Dan Aykroyd's late
idea ten enkarans weirdo with ideas is a
weird every time he's come up with a
good idea it's it's spending good after
somebody else's like real Tim answer
yeah and then things are gonna have a
radioactive car that flies and john
landis like well you know maybe not yeah
maybe nothing in trouble is what happens
when nobody filters dan Aykroyd but it's
so weird cause like Jane I was a big
name at the time Demi Moore like nothing
nothing but trouble was after The Blues
Brothers it was after ghostbusters yeah
she's somebody who didn't know any birds
that well no dead accurate came up with
it yeah it's gotta work it was our movie
let him do what he wants obviously knows
what he's doing
I really like that diaper babies were
like covered in oil and yeah they were
like filthy yeah was one of them played
by Dan Aykroyd I'm sure like John Candy
played two characters enough
he played John Candy and John Candy's
sister yes who is in love with Jeff
chase yeah and I think Dan Decker had
played the judge and I think he played
one of the diaper babies believe uh-huh
and like I say diaper babies but it was
like a full grown man in a fat baby
costume yeah like a rubber like it's
like a rubber or fat suit and then a
diaper oh man and then like the womb
their bald with like one curl like a
kewpie hair yeah oh my god nothing but
trouble greatest movie ever the best of
doors nothing but trouble just for the
irony value what's worth a look
oh yeah definitely oh yeah someone in
the chat is saying John Candy was
brilliant in Brewster's Millions
I saw that that's him and bright Richard
Pryor right I never saw that movie it's
good it's funny I mean I I love movies
with the premise well that yeah that's
great reminisce separately has a premise
where does the premise of that he has to
spend so much money in a certain amount
of time okay but he can't just give it
away a wasted like there's stipulations
to how he must spend it okay because of
this company promise because the
millionaire says when he tried to
cigarette when he was younger his dad
made him smoke an entire carton and that
means he never smoked again so he's
gonna give him all this money but first
he needs to spend it to learn its value
that's a fine premise for a comment
absolutely absolutely fine from here we
go
how you doing on the mission so far just
start okay this this first term turn
will determine the outcome of this
mission
okay this is this is the critical point
favorite Brendan Fraser film obviously
Encino man not good growing up on the
farm are there much other options like
he's done done done a bad crap yeah
under the the other movie we had besides
Supergirl was Encino really my sister
was in love with Pauly Shore yeah a lot
of people were at that point I have no
idea how that happened I don't know how
Pauly Shore became a thing oh they all
scared yes that is weird
oh that my discreteness but but so like
Encino man jury duty in the army now
with the farmer's daughter no son MA
son-in-law I lost the best actual movie
yep as far as working outside of just
being a bad polish or vehicle nose not
horrible I liked in the army now but
mostly because Lauren was her name Lori
petti Lori petti was in a tank girl Tank
Girl love Lori
incidentally you you said you're gonna
do this with no deaths just want us yeah
I know I know just pointing that out
there nobody's dead yeah pointed out in
the stream no Brendan Fraser's in the
movie that nobody talks about it is dark
yo Dante
toons back in action nobody remembers
this movie I do I've seen it but I
remember it's not a bunch of great movie
on it's Joe Dante and he has so much
more understanding and affection for the
Looney Tunes than whoever the fuck
directed Space Jam and there's some
sequences in the Joe Dante's one that
are actually really good like there's
this whole part where they're running
through the Louvre and the characters
are running from one painting to the
other and it's like classic Looney Tunes
it's really good there's a part really
go to area 51 and it's classic Joe Dante
like Kevin McCarthy from the original
invasion Body Snatcher shows up in or
cameo and the robot monster shows up
dude good job yeah not a great movie but
there's good sequences in it okay Looney
Tunes bang attack shank in action I have
Brendan Fraser with something like
nobody remembers this movie I remember
blast from the past I never saw that his
enemy was that Alicia Silverstone him
it's him and her premise yeah what if a
guy was stuck in a bunker it's all alive
and hey that's a modern day he'd be
trapped in the 50s isn't modern day
weird
isn't that Christopher Walken in that
movie
I this is I can't
I'm sorry fair enough I'm very sorry he
was in the the Tarzan Tarzan movie Noah
Georgia the jump George of the jungle
that's us
thank you doesn't we do right monkeys on
that monkey bone yeah he was Dudley
do-right
remember that funky bone yeah he was a
monkey there's our Lady Bunny people
well money though yeah that was Henry
Selick her did Nightmare Before
Christmas I'll be sure and that was the
case of he had all these crazy ideas and
then the studio just like half the
budget to Shin because oh it ended up
being a con whatever the hell it was
supposed to be mostly animated mostly
stop motion and but it just came no no I
got from Sarah Night Live that's what an
Chris Kattan yes at night for some
reason I saw Seth Green that of them
Chris Kattan is Catan
I hate him hate him smell he's pretty
much gone away they have to worry about
him anymore I hate him I hate
what's-his-face is the host of The
Tonight Show now Jimmy Fallon I hate him
too yeah I don't get Jimmy Fallon I
don't get Jerry Fallon a felon boy like
Jimmy fucking well I mean that's hard
because you don't appreciate his style
of humor doesn't just say hey nice oh
that's the only thing I ever like Chris
Kattan was the mr. peepers character
there's a there's a script you can get
online of his draft of the mr. peepers
movie of course they wanted to make a
mr. peepers movie by the way the script
not bad
le yeah I mean the honey out of that
it's it's it's a pretty sloppy premise
Oh God
I remember here's that here's what I'm
going to tell you about the mr. peepers
script okay
I remember reading the script and
thinking not bad I can remember nothing
like okay that's how great there you go
it's available online oh no now I'm good
yeah I feel like good things are
progressing well good very well
yeah I don't like and I project no
losses that's good I don't like any of
the new late night hosts I don't want
you to come Jimmy Kimmel was a new one
he's okay all right I didn't see him I
actually haven't seen much of a show but
I know I like him
yeah I've seen I've never watched any
Lily night shows but I've seen clips of
his show and he's okay but I don't think
I don't like Seth Meyers
I don't like Jimmy Fallon you know what
I still haven't seen any it's it's
basically like news update right so I
don't know I haven't watched it cuz I
don't like him yeah the only one long
stretches Cohen on the roof roof roof
winds roof winds that's what I reporters
the roof yeah always good for room
ruff-ruff strategery going on the roof e
oh the only one left his Letterman and
he for Dallas and he's gonna be gone
soon yeah replaced by anyone you guys
you know Conan has some good bits I
think of it
yeah I never gets to see him ie I don't
watch any late-night so I guess it
doesn't matter but I like items late
nights by the clips that are posed to
the next day yeah on YouTube and I
consistently watch Conan's these are
always good who else has good clips the
next day like I finally watch more like
Brian Williams clips
he has more comical clips but you know
what still Daily Show Colbert is taking
over Letterman well that's right so the
shootings which I don't know I don't
think I will see you here in that
context even is he gonna end up changing
his persona yeah you don't have to just
be himself he's not doing it a bit well
see how that works
he's people like the bit yeah hope I
don't know if anybody really knows him
the person yeah Colbert is such a
talented comedian I'm sure she's
talented but won't people tables in what
they've not due to not getting what
they've been getting and like for the
last how many years yeah that's a good
question
he's been doing this bit for so long
they're concerned that is him that's
true that's true I wish him well but I
don't know we'll see I mean he can pull
it off whether people will be receptive
is another question he can pull it off
absolutely
the oh you know who I post up shows up a
lot the next day John Oliver
next week tonight or whatever it's
called okay but you know when his clips
right is clip show up on HBO's YouTube
or John Oliver's YouTube or whatever
yeah just clips of the show and I really
enjoy though that next week tonight I
want to say it's called someone correct
me if I'm wrong
someone says it won't matter as long as
he's funny just saying that's right
Colbert yeah yeah we'll see we'll see
I'm not rooting against him - I know I
grew by the way the people like that he
does and he won't be doing that that's
all I'm saying
and and I agree it's a good bit he's
really good his satire is spa
you know I'm just pouring more gin gin
tonic to the rescue
genin this single J's a good port margin
that I usually hit just having the one
shot of gin last me through the entire
beard Jada's ports in Lord Jim Oh last
week tonight that's what it's called - J
if you see a the John Oliver stuff yeah
okay okay
his I see his clips all the time from
his show last week tonight decide on a
Comedy Central he's on HBO
I mean it's very much Daily Show yeah I
don't really follow any of them but he's
good what happened here his clips are
good never watch a show I don't have any
and that wraps up our late-night show
host discussions early late that round
up really good we don't watch much we
work and sleep yeah I have time to watch
anything I'll generally watch a movie
yeah and I just wait for the good clips
to surface the next day then you have to
watch the whole shower to see who are
with the boring guest is I give no fucks
about who you're interviewing yeah if
the interview is good they'll post the
interview and not the clip oh yes I'm
sure Jay knows that Yahoo bought
community oh yeah curious to see what
happens that shows been up and down but
overall I like it a lot done beyond
don't fill me it's one of the few shows
I pay attention to wait Yahoo but yeah
yeah Oh rich had a 90% of his shop
working and event that's that's come and
he needs to stun this alien to capture
it alive well that's not gonna happen
now you're gonna kill it why I don't if
I don't kill him he's just gonna kill my
my prized fucking assault the next term
and since
time and yes we know that Amazon box
which I'm excited that Amazon box which
I think twitch needs a lot more
infrastructure and I'm excited about the
they were talking about the creator
elements that they want to add adding
more robust features for us streamers
and I think that's all good things
giving us more ways to distribute
content to you I imagine you will now
see links to buy games that are being
straight nine Amazon of course and I
think that's great
that's probably what they'll change it's
probably what they're concerned about ya
know in Amazon has been doing well
getting their foot in the streaming door
I'm an Amazon Prime customer you hear
that Amazon I'm streaming and I'm a
Prime customer and I'm promoting your
service is that I'm just saying you
might want to look into that what are
you just saying a lot of accused or do
say
yeah I moved that's why I said yeah
nobody said yes he's dead yet
everybody's got full health that's all
hell I'm a little more than halfway
halfway the Ocho nose asks a weird
question which is Jack and rich any
update on the daily content for YouTube
have you not been getting in to see what
I don't know what that means
question I could delete content on
YouTube my design above previously the
bulletin we still get daily oh you oh
okay I think I I'm understanding your
question now so we upload a video every
day to YouTube
most of them are just the streams that I
cut into about our chunks sometimes less
sometimes why very soon actually today
rich and I recorded our first test of a
game a bit we're gonna call it which
will be our edited Let's Plays we
reported a couple hours of a game
because it might not be exact but I will
start editing that soon and you'll start
to get them but for now it's just add
edits of the stream and of course the
previously recorded episodes which we
also recorded a bit of today oh yeah
previously what you guys all know it's
invisibly Colin I put it on the end card
we recorded our playing footage of
invisible ink today so
we won't get it to our conversation
until later well I'll say one thing is
that supposed to be like a pun like on
comedy invisible huge so cartoon
invisible ink is that intentional I
would assume so but the game itself
isn't cartooning like like that oh it's
very Curt it's not correct not like a
loony Brothers cartoon cartoony
a loony Brothers cartoon is the loony
Brothers where we getting brothers from
even that's what my brain does odd thing
what is wrong with it wrong with brain
brain still rain or with brain make
weird brain make weird work so yeah we
shot actually right now we are at what
time is it
it's 10:30 right now rich and Jack are
at 10 hours of video game recording I
can't say this is that strenuous I just
no no it hasn't been it has not been bad
I'm not complaining it's not like
sitting through all three transformers
was rough that was a hard day for
everyone yeah I'm just saying right now
we have been playing and recording us we
have been recording ourselves playing
video games for the past 10 hours yes
that's a day that is a factual statement
that is a day y'all
that's why brain and I've been here
since you started the stream yeah and
that's after a full day of doing other
stuff yeah for a letter media this is my
fingers I'm on a double shift all I'm
doing is sitting here talking it's not
anything then yeah where's the next
Plinkett review it's coming out tomorrow
is it yeah Oh guys breaking news
Jay is break why don't why don't you
tell everybody Jack what it's going to
be so it's it's actually it's it's gone
with the work wear this pop time
somebody finally tore that movie a new
asshole yeah Gone with the Wind
God you're hearing it here first yeah
the three-minute deserves you know I I
think it was recently different for a
while gone with the wind
adjusted for inflation was the top
grossing movie yeah and that's what I
think by the way I hate it I don't know
if we've talked about this on the stream
I fucking hate it when people talk about
record-breaking movies every movie that
comes out now is something is breaking
some sort of record but it's never a
Justin for inflation oh no no it's just
whatever they can become you know right
and I think it needs to be seats sold
like tickets sold yeah dot that's the
record breaking not it you know like of
course a movies gonna make twenty
million dollars now yeah
twenty million isn't worth as much as it
used to have fun during London that fun
and Rihanna dreamland oh because it's
not gonna ya know it's just something
that works me the only one at home
the only thing that hasn't broke any
records yeah it's
since city to that movie flopped I have
to shit I love I love the comics I love
the original Sin City how could it be
that bad
I haven't seen them I don't know I think
here's the thing though I don't think
it's necessarily even then it's that bad
it's that nobody cares I love the first
why does I think it's Carrie I don't
care about the second one this is just
because it's been too long
I think it's been too long I've seen the
first one I get it it looks great but I
have no interest in revisiting that
world personally I mean I'll probably
watch it eventually but it just feels
like yeah too little too late I think
you nailed it on the head when you said
I get it yeah the first one was a new
experience it looked different it felt
different than movies that were added
even even if the second one is as good
as the first which I hear it's not it's
it's who cares
no the spectacle is on its own it's a
world we've now seen already yes yes
you may have a world that is that
stylized like okay
I've seen it yeah so any defaults that
the first movie would have is kind of
glossed over because of how it looks
yeah and how it feels yeah
ooh there's apparently Ava green nudity
in it though so I want to go see it
tomorrow any movie with Ava green
apparently has every nudity
yeah I need to see more evergreen movie
oh yeah who's who said that income link
Inc om said Sin City one was simple but
stylish yeah that's a very apt that's a
very concise way to put that simple but
stylish how many people did you lose on
this mission I lost I lost a good couple
maybe three or four maybe five how many
people came out wine how many people I'd
won 100 yeah that's right cuz I made you
I drank you kicking and screaming yeah I
pulled that person out of there you made
that one person run away you and I could
have he could have rambo tit you were
the gorman
what
what light memory saying yeah I don't
yeah sorry like I can't even I can't
even I can't even because I have no idea
what's going on so that yeah rich talk
about Frank Miller in general and ER
he's oh yeah
crazy but brilliant someone's saying
more crazy than brilliant I don't care
he loves me I can tell you this he loves
prostitutes yes yeah he's got a thing
for prostitutes and that's fine that's
just he does what he does his his his
current work yeah sure it's not as good
but some of his older stuff was good or
not that I don't give a shit
this the man this is the man that
brought us the Dark Knight Returns is
run on daredevil the Batman you won
Batman Batman year one you're one is the
most underrated Batman story of all time
honestly honestly like nightfall gets so
much love yeah year one is it great yeah
I agree
Sin City City 300 has a lot of good
style to it like yeah he's done a lot of
good was that Frank Miller that's for me
I was the thing that was Alan Moore
because you were wrong yeah I'm sure you
know why because you only know two comic
book names this is true that's true
and ie they were both made into movies
directed by the same guy so make
megawhatts I'm getting the Watchmen and
300 mixed up okay
yeah but a new Alan warden Watchmen that
I was thinking
right well they're both Zack Snyder
movie so I can see where that connection
was made I you know I Frank Miller has a
thing though well that's all men do
well well here's my question because you
probably know more Frank Miller than me
I he seems to he has tough dudes yes
is that his view of the world or is it
more just he's interested in these seedy
type character I think he's just
interested in those seedy type
characters I don't think anybody could
seriously have a worldview that comic
book II appropriately I believe the
worst of him I believe that that is his
like view of the ultimate world like
Adam that's what I'm curious about cuz I
don't know I even read it enough of this
stuff to really get it I think he like
he looks back and like the the Popey
what type of like Casablanca take ma man
oh you're Nate it was an overwatch shot
but this shot you know like and he sees
like the men men and the women are women
yeah I wish we could go back to that
time yeah man were the tough and women
are sluts if you like his state like the
interviews he gives that's the
impression that I
okay and so that makes me not like him
as much but if you look at his work as
just fiction and removed Frank Miller
from his authorship response well let's
see yeah like I got watch Sin City and I
look at that as a very heightened
version of you know Noir
yes - Anwar hyperdrive are sure but from
other things that first writer Roger
Ebert might have said that oh nice
coinage Robert if your interior I'm not
gonna take credit for - you are okay
that's fine that's fine
I'd like to but like yeah you know you
look at stuff like you know his run off
the ship just a lot his run in the
daredevil book is when he killed Elektra
when he also created this you know no
but but you know right Electra yeah I
don't know i yeah mango she was one of
us lay near the head she was a slutty
Espenson Jake Oh probably told my
lecturers the others the movie with
Jennifer Garner what his prostitutes are
always also assassins if you think if
you think about the way in which
Jennifer Gardner died in the daredevil
movie it was by having a phallic object
shoved through her he that's the case
with most slasher movies it's always the
guy oh no woman this interesting
efficient I'm sure you know that
bullseye bull's-eyes like rusted yeah
like oh my the image in the book is very
like thrusting his manhood through her
okay
it's awful and when he wrote Batman year
one he implied that Catwoman for she was
Catwoman was prostitute a dominatrix
a dominatrix prostatitis is that why do
they all have to be prompted cuz he
loves prostitute
man knows what he likes yes because it's
much easier to objectify women when they
objectify himself yes you don't want to
have a complicated woman who doesn't
want to have sex for money you don't
want a thing that has feelings so I
mentioned this has anyone seen the
spirit the movie Frank Miller directed
on his own without Robert every God know
it's supposed to be awful I never saw it
i here's here's the awful thing about me
is I want to see it I'm curious just
because it got such bad reviews and
stuff but I never got around to watch by
the way we keep it every once in a while
I bring up the idea of the big-budget
superhero flops O'Hara spirits appear to
be a good one yeah for best of the worst
me up there
phantom phantom spirit and you know what
we keep talking about the Green Lantern
the spirit and the shadow the shadow Oh
3083 big-budget flying things more pulp
than superhero - yeah all of them are
kind of I think we got it you got it you
guys were here for this
and the Phantom had Billy Xena
I like Billy's the only problem with
that is I've seen the Phantom and the
shadow so many times oh really
I mean you're on a farm yeah I might
have to be absent from the discussion
but I just wanna watch those dude he
rides a horse and has two guns and goes
to the big city
that's the Phantom I was the Phantom of
post Tim Burton Batman superhero movie
really like what else do we got you oh
yes
yeah Fenton wood phantom I want to say
it was 90s so definitely post Batman but
it is one of those movies that came out
to try and capitalize on the success of
the cetera yes the failure of Tracy yeah
I know
I've heard of described as a flops it
was it was a big flop yeah but I like
the look of it a lot well that's that's
the problem it's weird yeah yeah like
this place is accessible than even
Batman of the bondage fetish movie
Batman Returns
that's a weird movie Batman Returns
weird and I was seeking out those movies
recent minute for some reason to came up
and they don't hold up picture I loved
Batman the first and Burton Batman when
I was when did that come out of 89 yeah
so yeah when I was pretty young I loved
that movie but damn anybody came home
alive you know what Russians fuck you
for such a good job I got four
promotions congratulations
Duke do you want to take a break play
some Marco no one's injured fucking damn
it do we do we have something to play
Mario Kart I know I know I was a joke we
don't congratulations it's really it's
funny fun it's funny no you know I
remember someone talking about the the
Batman movies recently and saying like
everyone look really looks down on like
Batman and Robin and Batman Forever but
they don't hold up the same way the
burden movies don't hold up but it's
just two different styles I'd say the
Burton ones are still better they still
hold up better than the Schumacher ones
because those are just terrible
different style Michael Steele in turn
everyone asked and whenever anyone asks
what I think the worst movie ever made
is my go-to answer for years has always
been Batman Robin alright that movie to
me is like I've never seen a movie just
feel money burning on the screen as much
as that movie I can't agree with you
yeah I can agree with you there's
obviously low budget movies that are
technically worse but just you look at
that movie you're like what a fucking
waste of money yeah it's so bad yeah
yeah
it's so bad that credit card don't leave
good okay without it that's in the movie
oh my god it forgot about yeah that's
something that happens it's fucking
christ it's terrible
mr. freeze ice puns those are bad the
fact that Arnold Schwarzenegger was mr.
freeze in general like his his posse of
ice skating thugs remember they were ice
skating man oh man yes oxygen it was the
one with the bat skates yep
oh fucking hell and Alicia Silverstone
was a I was she was terrible in that
movie and she played a person who raced
motorcycles on the Underground Alfred
nice right yes Alfred's American nice
for some reason oh my god you're making
me remember this movie it's so bad I
tried to watch it probably ten years ago
now but me and a friend of mine we're
like let's watch it like ironically look
I should make fun of it and like not
even halfway into it we were like this
is awful so bad I'm with him I'm with it
and it was so expensive that's what
drives me nuts is just how much money
was thrown at it well just star power
alone right yeah Clooney O'Connell
O'Donnell O'Donnell Jerry I'm not a
Chris Arnold Schwarzenegger uma Thurman
huh motherfucking everyone was in that
movie oh and um was there another lady
I'm just a Batman had a love interest in
right he has to have a love interest in
all those movies that he reveals to them
that he's Batman oh no I was thinking
about him forever I don't know that he
didn't the later ones did he well Batman
Forever had a burger had Nicole Kidman
um
Batman Robin had to have had somebody
unless it was just them because there
like a thing where they were feuding
over uma Thurman and Batman and Robin
were both nothing didn't love with you
on the Thurman or whatever actually I
don't know if there was a love interest
now I want to say I don't think they
bothered at that point despite what many
other things that was directed by Joel
Schumacher yeah he was more interested
in close-ups of the bat suit what the
apples on the bat suit yeah he went he
went a little he went a little old
Hollywood going on the bathtub
what nipples on the bat that what that's
mine that's mine
Joel Schumacher oh my god you be quiet
yeah I think that movie just had so many
people in it yeah that it was they're
like we can't there's no room we filled
this sack there's no room for one more
person what if we filled with this sack
five pounds of shit in a two pound bag
no I'm sure all of them needed an equal
amount of screen time which made
absolutely no sense in the movie oh my
god oh my god taking a break okay you
guys credit card I had I'm seeing
someone say that in the chat and I
remember it now he had a Batman credit
yep
that hurts the brain thinking of him
using the bad credit card
yep where would that money come from is
that is it is that more or less
ridiculous than bad shark recover it's
on the same level there's a thing that
Muni is on the level of the Batman movie
from the sixties Batman the movie yeah
which is more enjoyable yeah because
it's low-budget and because they knew
they were beta they didn't spend two
hundred million dollars on it they
didn't spend eight thousand million
dollars oh my god
I'm having a little like post-traumatic
stress it's and all the memories are
flooding back thinking of this movie I
won I won
take I won premiere tickets Oh to Batman
and Robin from a radio station I didn't
even see in the theater cuz I hated
Batman Forever okay I'm done yeah and
like stop later when he came on video
just out it no it was on cable like a
that's that cable I'll watch it out of
curiosity and oh man oh it's bad it's
bad it's bad but you know what like it
had enough as a kid had had enough in it
for me to like to watch but like we had
to drive up to a really far away theater
to to see the special like sneak preview
screaming of Batman or Robin it was just
like well I guess we're here now I guess
we have to watch the whole movie if
there's no turning back to leave after
we won these tickets it was a smaller
audience so like if we would have left
it would have been noticed Jesus Christ
I only make fear sing
was she in Batman and Robin was she the
lady was there a love interest and it
was element fearsome I don't know I
don't know oh you know who played the
original Catwoman was it Julie Newmar
yeah
or was it um it was - it was Julie
Newmar and it was someone else
yeah her the kit Eartha Kitt I don't
know which came first but uh oh that's a
good question
check you grew up on a farm I did that's
why I watched bad movies number fierson
okay how she wasn't Batman and Robin oh
are you because the movie wasn't stuffed
enough well we were taking a break so
we're reading The Chap what what what
we're eating out there they said you
hack frogs are finally reading the jet
sorry we were having a good conversation
you're talking to a shitty Batman right
mm that's what you guys tune in for oh I
did you know what I really I have not
yet seen the Halle Berry Catwoman movie
I something the theater and I want to
see it we we a bunch of us went in
pajamas why I don't know that was her
thing
really we're gonna come we're gonna come
to the theater at night in pajamas and
watch Catwoman we did and it was
horrible and it wasn't funny bad that's
what we were hoping for it was this bad
bad
oh then apparently there are Ghostbuster
showings in Milwaukee oh and now I'm
kind of interested in going to see it
ghostbusters on the big screen if that's
a thing that we can do we'll hook it up
we'll look into this
how long were you on the effing farm for
most of my childhood we moved out of the
farm when I was 14 we moved to the outer
suburbs and then when I was 16 we moved
to the suburbs suburbs so for most of my
childhood I was on a farm not still on
the farm we're streaming from the start
the farm we've actually we've moved the
studio to the farm yeah it's not a farm
anymore it wasn't a farm it stopped
being a real farm when I was like seven
or eight it would like we'd still have
the barn in the cornfields but most of
the animals were gone by that point
that's very interesting I know I I
didn't go to see the Star Trek TNG
reunion oh yeah in Chicago and here's
here's here's the deal I'm glad I went
because now I can say you know I saw the
TNG cast it's like I always wanted to
see George Carlin and one of my big
regrets is then now I will never be able
to see him live I always wanted to see
him like that song twice fuck you so so
you know I can say I saw the next
generation crew but the show was kind of
bad yeah they didn't really talk about
anything new that I didn't know already
Shatner was just a fucking awful
moderator Widener there he was sick
ASIMO I was her cousin alignment get
Patrick storms so they're like well if
we can't get Patrick Stewart
we'll give a blank check and then later
down the road Patrick Stewart was like
well you know all going okay but that's
like there were no questions prepared
ahead of time like a good moderator
guides a discussion yes along a path and
Shatner just instantly went to audience
questions and audience questions are
almost always slain and universally lame
yeah yeah I am an engineer because of
Star Trek and it's
you feel about Star Trek and how they
influenced engineering their fucking
actor the Sun they don't nor give a shit
they're very glad you became an engineer
they can't they have no good answer for
that question and they didn't like they
look at each other like um well I don't
know yeah engineering uh dr. levar he
got a rating shit and I know another
thing about the show I think they come
out and woman for one Michael Dorn lost
a ton of weight
oh yeah you know then I know a nemesis
II wasn't kind of budging big he walked
out on stage he was a fuckin beanpole
okay fuckin beanpole you know he walks
out the suit Maria surface walks out a
dress Jonathan Frakes nice shirt on
Jada's gotta see what the Mars got a
nice shirt on Patrick Stewart walks out
in a t-shirt and a hoodie hoodie is up
over his head and then he slouches on
the couch like like a 19 year old kid it
was the weirdest fucking pie thing
that's great Patrick Stewart well he was
probably really high that's what he does
now he's really Patrick Stewart he bangs
his superhot wife girlfriend I don't
know he's got a super hot young wife
girlfriend I didn't know then they get
high and make vines they get high and
make youtube videos Patrick Stewart does
not I'm not disapproving of what he did
it's just Patrick Stewart very proper
English gentleman I like Shakespeare he
walks out no hoodie just slouching
angles up I like shakespeareans oh my
gosh
yeah just putting in a t-shirt and go to
see those a Shakespeare Improv Theater
which is in town it was like where the
t-shirt and he plugged them it was like
one of the last things he did go see the
Shakespeare improv group they're amazing
but Shatner spent most of the night
blathering on and you know I didn't I
didn't come here to see you well it's
nice look guy here but shut up and oh he
spent like 20 minutes asking everybody
if they're if they thought their
character should have had more sex what
yes what yes you like like asking of how
much Jory got laid
that was a really annoying subplot of
most of the day ah yeah that was the
first response yeah well well he tried
we did but he wasn't he asked everybody
and it was like it was like 20 minutes
of the show which was supposed to go on
for an hour and a half I'm supposed to
be like from from 5 to 6:45 they left
half hour really oh yeah 6:15 came up
and just like yeah we're going there's 8
sudden tears Oh was there an awkward
silence where they were like we're done
or was it just they just I'm sure I I
don't remember it was an awkward silence
before I don't remember because it just
hit me so suddenly it's like what
they're going no really but no you've
seen I saw them ok I'm glad about that
that's good well it was it a convention
or was it just there it was the the show
was linked to the convention but was
held separately across the street had a
theater ok who's decent about people did
you go to a convention our just not just
whatever ok that's Benton
Star Trek I enjoy the next generation
it's not a trick
that is all
yes mr. planner we are we done I'm I
think I'm fat Mike are you that film all
right yeah I think we can call it we
will read the chat for a little bit
longer yeah and see if y'all have any
questions or any funny things you want
us to say in funny voices I won't do
that no none of us will no but you can
say it
yes George Carlin is dead all right P
our IP never good to Sam live now always
wanted to I always want to composure
twice and it was great when when I was a
child like my grandmother was
overprotective and she went to a Wayne
Newton concert once and she couldn't
leave me at home
so I got dragged kicking and screaming
to a Wayne Newton concert and teasing me
all over the the venue were ads like the
next day George Carlin and I was so
pissed cuz I love George Carlin yeah and
I thought y'all gonna see George Carlin
someday no I can't no I can't sorry
oh why couldn't he have died instead oh
I'm sure why Newton's a nice person you
guys we're probably not gonna play Deus
Ex I don't know what that is a game a
lot of people like it I don't give a
fuck you don't give a fuck about Deus Ex
I keep calling it Deus Ex
that's what it looks like you will
someday I'm assuming that's in reference
to saying George Carlin he was a staunch
atheist that's true the second time I
saw him was shortly after I moved to
Milwaukee I think was the first within
the first few months I lived up here and
uh I went some downtown the first half
of his routine was almost beat for beat
whatever his last HBO special was I was
like this is cool that I'm seeing them
but I know all these jokes I know this
routine and then halfway through he just
veered into completely new shit that
I've never heard before and it was so
great oh yeah yeah I think it was like
the first half was like this is the
stuff that I know works and I'm gonna
try up some new material on could you
cut the the image I'm gonna go to the
discover oh sure give me one second

[Part V]
image is cut you guys are gonna see oh
wait oh you know what I probably have on
this computer it's got all right oh yeah
that's good well you guys gonna see a
black screen whatever fuck it someone is
asking if I still do open mics no no I
do not every once in a while though I
after but that's what you're on dude
yeah so why are you talking about sort
of things every once in a while I'll go
to something like something like comedy
sports and really wish that I still did
that I did a lot of comedy sports in and
out of high school
and I really really enjoyed comedy
sports and I really like that kind of
improv game and stuff but what is comedy
sports comedies for prop comedy oh okay
it's competitive you say comedy sports I
think of the Harlem Globetrotters oh
sure sure no it's it's competitive
improv comedy where it's like you play
an improv game okay okay
make the funny jokes in whoever makes
the funniest joke place wins like like
whose line is it anyway I only only done
a bit more seriously what no no I mean
it's exactly like who lot whose lines
but instead of like four people it's two
teams of like four people okay okay you
know quote-unquote compete that's some
really fun stuff and you're right I
should shut up Rich's playing just big
joke it's like cut the screen and then
and then he was looking at J and I was
deaf
hmm
so yeah County sports good I can't
imagine I had oh you know what I didn't
share with you guys one of my one of my
big openers when I did open mics do you
guys want to hear my joke you Jay
probably knows it anyway
they're probably I've said it before I
think I had I had what I thought was a
killer opening line because when you're
at open mics you know it's a lot it's a
lot of the same people and a lot of
people are there like well I guess it's
my first time coming up and this is my
joke since I was like my opening bit was
I was like hey guys thanks thanks for
having me up on stage I I'm doing this
because I had a big stuttering problem
and and I was I was going to group
therapy for my stuttering problem and
they said the best way to get rid of
stuttering is to get in front of people
and then do something like this like
open mic and and I think it's really
helping helping is what I said I think
it's really helping I think it's really
helping my speech and if you guys want
to know you can go to the department of
therapies website and they have great
tips on how to get rid of your stutter
it's a do t so you go to WWE and they
can help you get rid of that this is
also why I'm terrible at stand-up never
cut my jokes I need to work on the setup
www M is a very funny joke so tell
somebody it's a very funny joke and then
and then I would tell them that it's a
very funny joke
I take trust me yeah what I decided was
funny yeah I had a bit about my my
grandpa my grandpa had a lot of funny
names for things you know like he would
call soda pop I think that was funny a
drinking fountain he would call a
bubbler he would call my grandma cunt
that was funny I had a lot of different
bits I was no good at it I was no good
at it but you tried but i but i tried
and i did i got i got up and fry and i
do i'd like performing in front of
people can we get an emoticon of rich
holding a packers sign absolutely no not
ever
I'm great at comedy just saying thanks
citizen grapes I'm just saying just
saying I'm glad that's still around huh
it was like eight hours ago we were
talking about that right
as I'm reading Kevin's rich has a
Packers tramp stamp photo job I will
share my Nintendo network ID with people
during the next Jack Soloff stream so we
can play Mario Kart neat together
absolutely absolutely
I won't chair right now because I don't
remember what it is
wait is it just my username is that what
I'm intend on Network ideas I don't know
I don't yeah everybody I said oh do I
play a lot online now you know no it's
just it's just plenty online it doesn't
ask you for it you have to sign in you
have to enter it at some point or one no
yeah I entered it when I got the Wii U
why I was weeks ago I don't remember
is it just my username cuz you can
probably guess what it is it's gonna say
fucking everything if it's just my
username it's harlech but I'll look it
up and tell you guys on Sunday my
strictly on Sunday I don't know how are
you that's that's a good question
you know what these are all really good
questions I'm gonna check my calendar
what's today 27th uh yeah I'll be
streaming out something play about my
college radio show there's nothing to
tell
we played punk rock oh I brushed my
teeth on air sometimes and that was it
that was the show Oh
what was your time slot um it was
different and every because I did I
think I did it for two or three summers
uh it was just a summer thing and I use
this mid-afternoon I'm like a Saturday
are you stand up too sometime tape we
were to tape the shows but I think those
tapes are all gone now unfortunately oh
sorry yeah
I'm trying to think if there's any funny
bits we ever did I don't remember I
don't remember anything
I remember brushing my teeth on air
that's the only thing I remember doing I
know you played punk rock music all
right that's it that's great that's all
I can tell you about my college radio
days that's great
for the short stint that I was in
college I rose to the ranks of program
director of my college radio station
which is a very impressive title my
college radio station had exactly two
DJ's me and some creepy old guy who
would come in like once a month no one
ever came in to the radio station like
literally I didn't know there was a
radio station yeah at my college until
like I went down the wrong hallway one
day I was like weariness and like I just
started asking the admissions people and
like the demon stuff is like can how do
I do that like yeah you do it program
director and so part of my weekly
responsibilities was like talking with
record labels about what like we were
playing in order to get new CDs okay and
so I would give these record labels all
false information just to get the CDs I
wanted
and every month we had to compile our
top ten list that would be published in
cm JV college music Journal and I would
just put my band on the list so four and
I don't even remember what my band's
name was at the time but I would just
put it on the listed like number four or
five yeah just for some Bumblefuck
reason he was great it was the worst
great Dannan do it wasn't my college
than I did the radio show ad oh it was
Blake college and you could just in the
summer they would just let anybody have
a show so he just said hey can we do it
this summer again and they'd say okay
that's crazy
yeah this was because this was when I
was in high school this wasn't I didn't
have a college radio show in college
Oh Justin in the summers in high school
that's we might think at least two
summers hmm I think it was just two
summers yeah that's a great story then
that adds to the storm that should've
been in the regular study I know I'm
trying to think of anything memorable
memorable about it there wasn't a lot no
now just when I brushed my teeth on the
air I would do that every once in a
while for minutes on end I would for
minutes on end yeah yeah I would really
drag it out I like that I like that I
had nobody was listening so it doesn't
matter that's the real it there were a
couple times that I had to give
interviews because eventually like the
record labels would get suspicious of
like what I was actually playing we had
to fill out forms and email them to like
record people people at record labels
and like eventually they would send like
interviews my way of bands that were
like touring in the area and they'd like
want to do an interview and they'd be
like I'd be like oh I want this CD when
can you send me a free copy of this CD
to play on Maira decision and not for me
to take home for myself like well we
have this band coming through like it'd
be really great if you could do an
interview with this band and then you
know
can send you out some video that's how
that's how the radios work yeah uh and
so I would give these interviews of
these bands having no idea who they were
what the fuck I was talking about
sometimes not even on air you just do do
an interview to get the CD I would
because at first I didn't know how to
make the phone come through the air
there was no one that taught me how to
work at the radio station because I was
there except for an old guy that came
that was a mom absolutely they would
they would call me on the phone and I
would just talk to them for like an hour
and they'd be like so are you gonna cut
that into an interview and I was like
yep like I don't know what I was doing I
still don't know what I'm doing thank
you - you make it y'all so how's it
that's the thing I miss the most about
college by the way we're spending times
in that radio station hmm you know why
why I could be alone no one would bother
me in there cuz no one know how to get
there no one knew it was there I said
for you and the old guy I had the
internet I had my own space I could
study just do whatever the fuck I wanted
did you update the twitch done checkers
oh no I didn't oh my god people still
think you're fine arts go it's all right
Cougars got a shit operation is this
it's the same as my radio days and my
teeth ah maybe someday on the stream
I'll brush my teeth oh my god the
ultimate callback yeah it was just dead
silence like we didn't have any
background music you would just hear the
sound of me brushing my teeth that's
weird
you got to feel their time somehow it's
experimental oh yeah yeah it was just me
trying to annoy people that's all it was
alright
what kind of chicken shit operation is
this the chicken shittiest
chicken shits not the right word
probably not chicken shit implies being
scared oh hey that's a quote from
something I'm trying to remember what
right now jacquard a was there ever any
discussion of Len punching Mike or
Jessie's pick on the choosen lose you
know should we want objection we didn't
know who's gonna punch until he punched
it we did not tell em whose face did he
punch first it was made of fuck which
was terrible because he took real
pleasure in punching me in the face yeah
yeah no we didn't know who he was gonna
punch that wasn't a plan that I mean the
choosin was obviously was but we didn't
know who he was gonna punch we and this
means we didn't know what movies we were
gonna get there were tapes behind all of
the faces even like the the dictators we
assumed that he was gonna punch us and
we assumed that he got the joke that he
was supposed to punch us yeah yeah but
it could have been Mike it could have
been Jesse could have been the three of
us who he punched I think we all assumed
he wouldn't punch Jesse yes yeah the
movie we wanted to watch the least
behind her face yeah cuz we assumed that
wouldn't be the case but but it was on
his hands that decision yeah yeah I mean
we didn't say you know punch this one
than this one that was completely up to
him yeah he I I think he really hated me
because I'm the one that got the
conversation rolling when I called him
not only incompetence to learn about his
own incompetence yeah if you look back
on that episode where we're talking
about disco forest you're probably the
harshest yes yes I am and I think at
that point like we knew that he was
going to see it at some point oh yeah
and so like and I think in the Edit you
can actually kind of see Pete us.we
hesitant to talk about his shitty movies
and I needed to get that ball rolling
yeah and I feel proud about my rolling
so it's understandable to get up a so it
is a gap so and one's a good sport yes
and a nice guy yes that is all true you
know I you know it's been a while since
we've had a has that been the only set
of best of the worst yeah yeah sit yeah
remember we're sitting around the
campfire oh yeah yeah okay I'm thinking
of the facepunch episode yeah sent
around the campfire so the Halloween
episode yeah Halloween oh so I think
that was a fun we should bring then
again we'll do another Halloween episode
this year absolutely
Halloween is my favorite time of year in
fact I'm already at sunny in September
and I'm already looking forward to
October because for me Halloween is all
the entire month of October it's true
Halloween is one of the best holidays I
it's my favorite hmm that's my favorite
season it's my favorite time of year
it's fall a little bit cooler out yeah
but not like freezing you just watch at
least I watch just as many horror movies
as possible and that's over that's great
you get to dress up and if you dress up
people give you candy uh-huh it's that's
the greatest deal in the world and it's
have the best decorations too yeah
pumpkins these great spooky skeletons
and spider webs which is it's great
that's my buddy are you winning what
what do you do I just set up a triple
jump yeah whatever
is he gonna fall for it well he had to
boom yeah he fell for it before I told
you about her it was already that was
already on Flair I'm talking to a
mastermind I'm sorry I didn't I'm sorry
I didn't I'm probably not gonna dress as
a farmer for Halloween
yes Nick the birthday boy pumpkin beer
Oh pie drinks night drinkin beer only in
October yeah Oh October is the greatest
for dark beers like our caffee beers
yeah get yourself a nice
a cool night hang outside yeah see
something like I said I'm September I'm
already looking forward to October
you're getting me looking forward to it
yeah let's get through the summer first
I think we're already past the summer
now it's still pretty hot out today was
nice today was a nice day a little warm
a little warm
oh I think I'm thinking about Halloween
and all that candy I still go
trick-or-treating I don't give a fuck
well you have kids you have an excuse to
go get candy it's fine it's fine I don't
care about candy I don't need much candy
is candy
I like pumpkins I and horror movies I
like peanut butter cups fair enough
that's candy that candy is candy right
yeah
fuck summer junkie oh you're right
that's not sure I like summer too I like
summer cuz you can drink Light beer and
I like winter cuz you can drink dark
beer all the beer all of it all the beer
all the time
Britt you're too good at checkers
there's this YouTube channel one
fascinated with the sky he must have
some kind of autism calls himself
checker cycle and he does checkers
tutorial videos he he talks about the
old-time checkers greats and and he
frames his lessons sometimes as little
stories like grandpa versus the champ
what it's it's fascinating what these
checkers have a strategy
apparently I know you just see you jump
over to ever color no no this this this
chair he's like read all kinds of books
and he shows you fancy jumps oh my oh
man Western or musical too happening I'm
confirming it we're posting it tomorrow
Western bula it'll be it'll be out
slightly before the next big d review
yeah it'll be up tomorrow morning the
Plinkett review will be tomorrow afternoon
yeah you're right actually the Plinkett
review is about the Western Ore Musical, too
yeah no we gotta post that first then
I'll post the Plinkett review of it until
I write if there oh that's a great comin
if there was a last starfighter
equivalent for checkers rich Evans would
save the universe that is a great
comment thank you for that
are you ready motherfucker it's a
quality short yeah that's probably the
best from the 48 hour movies we did as
far as having an actual clever idea and
not just being a bunch of dumb shit I
think yeah there were there were
mistakes made with the great Space Jam
look like the fact that we made the
great Space Jam you know I think for
most for most teams there are set rolls
before before the production
you know like okay person a will write
it person B will act in it person D will
direct and edit it or something like
that yeah that would have been helpful
that's like okay here's 12 people let's
start drinking and talking about what we
should shoot that's where you get the
great Space Jam yeah begin yeah yeah
that that's where the problems began
when we started thinking about what to
make it worked well the years before I
don't think you were there when we were
brainstorming Western or musical were
you no no we're decided the neck movie
shot how meny that's the question is
when you were brainstorming others how
many people were there
um dust foot was probably five or six
people okay Westerner musical was
probably you were there for that one the
brass are mean rich yeah who was there
was it you me Mike was that it do you
think jesse was there no no way how much
her musical though no okay that was um
wait that were just the three remind you
to spend the three dick sealer maybe it
might have been four of us so not as
many but then but then when we did Space
Jam there's like seven eight of us there
was there's you three jesse was there I
was there
Laura story was there is everybody in
the fuck Oh Anne was there Dan was the
firm that YouTube rose and and of course
you know like everyone has their own
ideas and so yeah it was just one of
those things where the lesson learned is
you have your roles have your roles set
out yeah that's fine and that's
everybody coming up with ideas worked
well the years before but that year it
was just I don't know what happened but
the years before there's just the three
of you three four five the first year
the Ducks foot year there was more of us
oh yeah yeah there's five or six of us
but I don't know
No yes all the theme song the theme song
for dust foot and and Western musical
leach I'm at the end credit songs yeah
what was known for Western our musical
no not missing her use ago album dust
foot dust foot and Westerner musical
head songs done by Tom yeah yeah he
didn't need it uh the ank we said make a
song it sounds like this like with a
westerner musical make a song it sounds
like a Rage Against the Machine song
that's hard didn't he slapped it
together and afternoon and it was great
and it's good like that he was good with
those stuff mm-hmm what was that's what
it was that's flood I think we just see
I was just like a metal song yeah it was
western or musical because we wanted it
to end like a wood chomsky Brothers
movie so he said comb with the Rage
Against the Machine song and he did it
yeah that's my favorite part
someone is just quoting the Western art
music oh it's a dance character and Dan
Henderson that's the game he's so gay
their name withheld upon request yeah
where they're not just dumb shit yeah
there's some funny things in it yeah
that's because I was involved in a
planning session it probably helped it's
kind of funny that friendly that's not
true I'm just being an ass though I did
write pyrite is all right baby
okay I didn't sing it very well I wrote
it that was the other fun thing and I
say fun thing meaning not fun is is uh I
was I was brought on later for the
Western armies ago
you guys are like can you make the songs
and I was like yeah sure I could just
try to do something and but then you
guys recorded you recorded you guys
singing with no music we just filmed us
singing where you just filmed you
singing with no music
click track no no editing right and
you're like can you make a song out of
this and I was like I don't think and so
they turned out I mean wonderfully slow
down the footage to match any sort of
beep yep yeah yep and then like for the
one song the the the the prostitute song
it was just like this is not gonna work
at all rich saying sounds like guys I'm
just overdubbing rich and that's the
joke now yeah man terrible some funny
stuff though I'm foxdie all right whoa
he rejects my draw offer Oh does it yeah
there's no way that's gonna end anything
other than a draw you can't corner
neither of us could encourage other oh
he just left
Hey yeah I guess the draw wasn't manly
enough you just abandon the game okay
I'll take a victory wound that's fine
take a victory over a drop
woman please rich sing for us no pyrite
is all right by me so can I remember the
song pyrite is all right by me it might
not be salt and pepper oh is that just
we couldn't come up with anything more
clever we looked up things about pyrite
we wanted like facts yeah yeah but there
are no interesting facts about a pyro
pyrite is not right by me they don't get
the bitches you see yeah you might kept
adding too many words to the lyrics it's
getting this all wrong
Gold is bad I think some people were
upset by this greening this money it's
all true it's all true about plenty
right everything they say about buyer is
true yeah and then Mike was so convinced
Mike was so convinced that like the way
you guys shot and recorded it like no no
because we recorded it like songs so you
can just the song like through songs
underneath and it'll sound great nothing
that's not how singing with no music
behind it to keep in a rhythm right yeah
that was that was a fun edit again came
down to the wire
yeah every 48 hour movie we did we
turned it in in like the last minute
that it was due mmm-hmm just does the 48
hour film festival still happen yeah
they still do it every year after the
great Space Jam though I was done was
like we do so much other video stuff now
this just feels like more work I mean we
should do it again
I don't know about that just one more
time
just see what happened maybe one year
we'll do it in ten years in ten years
it's still going we'll do it in the ten
year anniversary of the Great Space Jam
okay we'll make the Great Space Jam - no
matter what genre will still be the
great Space Jam - but goes fishing - yep
even if it's like if its historical
it'll be about like jamming your toe in
the space between two pieces of wood and
that's the great Space Jam - well no if
it has to be historical will be about
the people that created the Great Space
Jam website because that was in the past
and ten years from now it'll be even
further in the past that's it you're
right and so that's what it is you're
totally right what's with the what what
what just trying to read that trying to
read the cams the cams I think you guys
should randomly make short films for the
site again if we had time we would make
more that's the thing is making stuff
takes time
yeah we're making a feature right now in
addition to everything else so maybe
when that's done we'll do something and
that's gonna be done so tomorrow the
Western Ore Musical - comes out in the
morning yes
Plinkett review we think like eleven
twelve is yeah early afternoon at the
latest early afternoon sure yeah sure
depending I mean you know it takes a
while for YouTube to process right and
at night the space cop for me are on the
website tomorrow night tomorrow night
yeah so you get the they got a three for
it tomorrow guys tune in to weird lunar
Maria org red-letter me at that corn dog
corn dog corn man that Roger Corman
don't forget gorilla interrupted -
gorilla interrupted to close the tag
line oh you have one you had one last
time
oh wait a got interrupted that's
actually going to be the one who talked
about making oh yeah they're not
interrupt got incorporated we're just
gonna keep the initials we're gonna
change the title oh that's funny that's
funny
why do you keep asking me if I want to
pick papers please no I already did that
look Jack let's get back on cat you know
what I did what I think that's a done
track sure bed-wetter pd m dot corn oh
oh yes yes thank you thank you cold ham
Hannigan also confirmed for tomorrow
half-life 3 oh yeah they've been working
on the engine they had us they have we
actually made it
they have returned I need consult I
don't want to say we made we consulted
on how my folks said three and uh yeah
coming out tomorrow that's gonna be late
late evening tomorrow the half-life 3
the notoriously delayed a half-life game
oh so it's a recap in the morning
western our musical early afternoon to
afternoon the next liquor review evening
space cop late evening or early evening
if you're on the west coast half-life
episode three number three there's gonna
be a big day tomorrow guys
