Dec 8, 2014
Space Quest 1
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3617178, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxEnOoo3nPk
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3619143, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soEh_a3JUi4
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3619151, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSLeyvPoU68
2:49pm: "TONIGHT: Jack & Rich will finish(or just play more) SPACE QUEST 1. Normal time 8:30pmCST live on Twitch." (archive.vn/dbTON)
8:37pm: "finishing Space Quest 1 Now" (archive.vn/jrRSX)

[Part I]
dream number five and no child bride not
all spider-man movies suck only a couple
of them I would say the Remi ones are
they're fine the movies I don't know the
great spider-man movies I think Tobey
Maguire is like the 1950 sitcom version
of Peter Parker I think like the first
spider-man movie definitely has its
flaws the spider-man 2 is pretty
fantastic they really found their
footing lost it for number three and
then of course all the spider-man movies
after that and really really are
terrible see I'm not that fond of the
dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde presentation of
Dachau oh yeah you're not a fan of like
the arms having some slight the crazy
bitter man is fine but I mean he was he
was evil because of accident not because
of being evil you know that's okay yeah
yeah but that made like a there there
was like a deeper thing there where you
know like the arms were telling him how
to do and they were their own like
self-preservation thing and he was yeah
he was getting me like manipulated but
his mind was still intact and so that's
the real thing is how do you have that
kind of genius and how do you have that
kind of like parental relationship with
Peter Parker if he's an evil person so
like I could see them making that call
for that balance oh that's another thing
with though the ramming moves that
everything has to be a paternal fucking
relationship I don't know I just think I
think it works I think it works for
Peter Parker I think it works for
spider-man I I mean I'll take spider-man
to over any of the amazing spider-man 2
any day yeah well the amazing spider-man
czar ass yes their asses suck in fact I
don't know if we talked about this do
you know what's really good is the the
new cartoon the ultimate spider-man
cartoon I leaned towards spectacular
from a few years before I don't know if
I ever sound that one oh I love that one
that's like that's like the the
spectacular spider-man is - spider-man
as Batman the Animated Series is the
Batman not quite as good I'm not you
know not going that far but sure it's
it's the damn fine spider-man show
spectacular
all right that's good I I really dig I
really dig altima you know they get a
little more into the shield stuff they
get into some team-building stuff which
is really nice Agent Coulson is there
which is always a plus in my book you
know in any case now we're actually
streaming rich mm-hmm this is an
exciting time this was six six tries
that was a six attempts to stream I
don't know I don't know what happened I
don't
I tried switching around the streaming
servers because we were having some
issues yesterday and then suddenly when
I was messing around with the servers I
lost I somehow deleted my twitch
streaming key so I had to re-enter that
there was a whole big debacle but we're
here now thank you for showing up
everybody welcome to the very special
Monday night stream finishing up Space
Quest and I have to go check my phone so
hop right back you have to go check your
phone yeah it might be about tomorrow oh
sure sure well then apparently guys rich
has some better things to do so now rich
has left me to fill some time which you
know is exciting I guess I can't tap
dance as well as rich
but I can wait maybe I can do some like
mouth like you know like I can do that
tomorrow is go Oh
tomorrow is go yep tomorrow wasn't out
earlier great but tomorrow is go mhm
that's great they don't know what
tomorrow is yeah but I'm excited it's a
mystery it's a mystery full of amazement
mystery for everyone
for anyone wondering I I see some people
in the chat asking what my snack is I
have a big glass of water and a MKE
brewing hop freak as I usually have
yesterday I didn't tell you what my
snack was but it was dragons milk I am
eating tater tots and rich is eating
tater tots and I am insanely jealous I
love tater tots I think one of the
greatest things as an adult is finding
like nicer restaurants that serve tater
tots I do you'd go out to eat and and
you know you order burger and fries and
like oh we don't have fries but we have
tater tots it makes me feel happy in a
way that I shouldn't because I'm an
adult I really need some cheese was you
know no when I was a kid on Christmas
there was the adult there yeah and then
the kids got tater tots and cheese was
cheese whiz on tater tots fucking great
you're crazy
that ruins the top well you can't you
can't you can't saturate them you got a
you know some form of moderation but no
that would totally overpower the taste
of the tots there's a cheese makes
everything better there's like a greasy
spoon restaurant over here it's formerly
greasy spoon restaurant and now I like
they tried to upscale themselves it's
like a bar restaurant
they had tater tots and they had a
dipping sauce of sausage gravy okay and
it was something to be desired and I
don't think they have it anymore which
is really upsetting
sounds like poutine little poutine II a
little teeny so I had ones it have a
shot that it works over God I mean come
on come on
mm-hmm okay well I think we were ready
to get it's again our space quest on
rich alright
and because of our I guess we could try
it I did download a new Skype had an
update today that's oh that's very
exciting
well go without not risk the problems
okay because we had so many problems
yesterday with our stream we're not
gonna be screen sharing with rich so he
he's gonna have to watch along with all
of you people Space Quest I'm make look
what is it gravy child brine which I
love crazy which one because lame that
Jack is gonna be largely on his own
which is exciting for everyone okay
so we go to restore our last save was
Space Quest oh nine Space Quest 21 also
we should start enough it some sort of
pool as to how many save states will
have don't tell me and soon I'm gonna
stop paying attention to the chat so you
can't inform me of like the consensus
but you guys started a gambling pool of
how many save states we're gonna have
that sounds a great idea
alright and I am going to officially put
I'm gonna put by the chance to sleep
right now so I can no longer see the
chat so they can't spoil anything for me
alright and Space Quest oh that's right
we're at the bar where I've already
forgotten how to play this game although
oh I need to eat because you need to
type everything
get off skimmer
boom and we're walking wait the first
thing you always do rich I know this
yeah look around okay you are at the
south edge of coolants flats the area is
protected from predators by an
electronic barrier which runs around the
perimeter of the settlement here's a guy
talk to guy yeah yeah you could try that
bird talk I don't understand your
requests there's a guy here I want to
talk to him
talk to man man not guy okay I said look
at man compared to some of the beings
you've seen lately this one looks fairly
normal except for the fact that he seems
to have a cylinder for a head okay talk
to man the man is not interested in idle
conversation he's only interested in the
skimmer oh okay oh he seems to want to
walk towards the skimmer but I'm
blocking his path you think okay I'll
walk with you you're you gonna save
right right before here so yeah you're
pretty safe any he goes sir yeah this is
a genuine fault and sand skimmer I've
been looking for one just like it
I wonder if you'd accept 30 bukka's IDEs
oh okay can I handle oh it doesn't he
says I don't understand haggle
maybe I spelled hang on wrong he spelled
haggle how about HH GG Olli I think okay
H AGG Ellie I don't know I don't
understand Hangul okay ask for 50/50
vodkas IDEs I don't understand 50 okay
I don't understand okay what am I to
talk to man well maybe you can't haggle
well he wants to give me money how do I
take money up take my try cell cell
skimmer okay cell skimmer I don't
understand cell um try talk to Matt
again see what he says no he's not
interested in talking fine oh no I I
left to go to Long now he wants to leave
oh no I want to sell it I want your buck
azides I don't need this skimmer anymore
or maybe I do
hey wait come back sir sir Sir can I
tell shots bringing up a good point yes
no spoil everything
you slowed the game down for the skimmer
thing you can turn it back to normal
help oh yes thank you thank you chat for
that speed normal okay
yes I thought I was walking abnormally
slow wait I want to sell my skimmer I
don't I don't know okay guess what you
missed your opportunity I think or I can
restore which is what I'm gonna do
all right okay get off skimmer boom I'm
off the skimmer okay here comes the man
he has a cylinder for a head and he
seems to have some pretty cool
sunglasses this is all I'm saying
I'm not saying my sunglasses aren't cool
okay say this is a genuine falton
skimmer
I've been looking for one just like this
would you accept 30 bukka's IDEs just
take yes yes glad we could do business
hope you're staying in Milan's flats is
an interesting one
okay graden look around what's the name
of the tongue g√ºlen's flats change the
order of that flat Siouxland rich
Richard Edlund Evans great flatulence
that's I mean that's adorable
okay great let's um let's look in here
you got to change the speed back to
because you reloaded oh that's right it
does it even okay here we go
doo doo doo doo doo oh man they've got
ZZ Top up in here mm-hmm reference look
around this is a seedy little place
galactic riffraff are seated at the bar
the bartender drops by occasionally to
serve them a band is cranking out some
of the more popular tunes in the
quadrant there is a slot machine
standing near the bar you notice a
sweeper in the lower corner of the room
all right it must get messy here no one
seems to notice or care that you have
entered the bar okay right now you're on
your own Jack figure out what to do it
look at band okay onstage are two
heavily bearded gents and a relatively
clean shaven drummer they're one of the
hottest bands in the quadrant wave
Freebird
slot machine talk now okay oh oh there's
the sweeper robot oh no oh my god I
think a guy just died oh he died at the
slot machine oh oh I get it I know one
I'm gonna go check out the slot machine
oh here we go
oh if you get three let's go on
crossbones mm-hmm f-for bets $1 I tend
to quit f6 bit well I'm gonna bet $2
how long before Jack loses all of his
money I win $6 nice nice
all right I'm gonna bet another $2 oh we
got a knife we got an eye oh sorry
okay bet another $2 oh no skull
crossbones
oh no skull bones oh I'm getting out of
here I'm even right now I'm even okay
okay and it isn't good even's good nope
what did I do f10 f10
oh no this might be an issue what you
can't get out hold on I can't go I can't
get out every time I press f10 because
this is a Mac f10 is usually mapped to
these sound controls
oh and so every time I press f10 it just
mutes the audio to cash-in press f10 and
I press f10 and it just mutes the audio
hold on
I don't have a screen f10 does nothing
huh f10 is doing oh wait
that I click off of it is that are you
in Windows 7 I am in Windows 7 go to all
programs go to the Start menu
okay go into the Start menu all programs
all programs accessories accessories
actually sir I'm looking for
accessibility in the ease of access ease
of active access okay I'm spring
keyboard nice yeah yeah nice now we're
talking on-screen keyboard check oh hey
everybody you get to check out my sweet
onscreen keyboard right here way that I
just lost everything else where'd it go
here it is all right on screen keyboard
hey you know it's not on the on screen
keyboard f10 what yeah it doesn't have
function commands forgive are rich oh
fuck
you were you were way up on that by the
way yeah you were way up on that and you
kind of you kind of failed Jack Jack
on the keyboard yeah there's a thing
under ship that says FN a key a virtual
key sure hit that oh snap
I'm all over everything you are all over
everything
oh the hey the Blues Brothers are there
nice okay talk to bartender the
bartender is only interested in selling
his wares he is of no help otherwise buy
beer drink sure
five right top to bartender I did and he
said he's not interested in talking
oh no no buy drink that does not compute
bye tell me okay we're turning the sound
off hold on
sorry Blues Brothers I find this I find
this I find your sound to be annoying
and I apologize okay
Oh what'll it be III got beer and it's
to bukka's IDEs I tried to buy beer
already a jerk
okay well buy beer where am i why am I
not in here what happened I don't know
I'm Glade I can open what the fuck
indeed rich yeah what is wrong now Jack
who would subscribed Oh
hobo savant her subscribing we really
appreciate it
okay bye beer that'll be two bucks thank
you very much okay great look at beer
this is a vessel of acrid yet buoyant
caronian ale okay drink beer the beer
tastes like carbonated ziffel sweet
what however considering recent events
you could learn to love it okay great
can I get drunk possibly talk to men no
one here seems willing to acknowledge
your presence maybe they're not too fond
of humanoids
okay let's look at this sweeper robot
sure look at sweeper the sweeper is a
small motorized device which scans the
floor for debris and removes it within
moments of detection there is nothing
special about it otherwise all right all
right I don't know what I'm supposed to
do in here well there there there
there's more to this town than just this
bar - oh okay well then let's get out of
here first I gonna go explore dude doo
doo doo doo doo get out of here okay
I'll turn the sound back on now okay
here we go here we go what's over here
spaceship get out of here spaceship get
out of here spaceship look around you
are at the north end of uhlans planets
there is a building to the east okay
let's go east dude all right to do to do
do was to do doo doo doo doo doo I'm a
walk-in
there's a building called droids be us
oh that sounds fascinating yeah welcome
to droids be us the finest Emporium for
mechanized beings in the quadrant we
have a complete line of droids for any
purpose imaginable well almost any all
top of the line but I suppose you would
probably be interested in these sale
items please walk this way most fine no
respect for the space janitor that's
fine listen I'm an honest man I got an
honest job
defending the galaxy okay let's see
what's going on up here that unit is a
good all-around jar droid sure it may
seem a little dinged up but it's not as
bad
as it looks there is still quite a great
little companion and for only 40 bukka's
ODEs 32 with coupon oh okay how many do
you have
I only have 30 bukka's oils okay okay
this model is ideal for flight systems
operations it will pilot any modern
fighter or Cruiser and it is one of the
most experienced droids we carry I asked
for only 45 bukka's IDEs or 36 with a
coupon I got it from some gambling type
who was required to pay up or perish oh
okay so I need more bukka's IDEs
this is good yes this is good we got an
all-purpose droid in a flight droid so
I'm assuming I'll need that flight droid
perhaps yeah ok ok I'm back downstairs
by the high end ones that one's a
collector items is one of the very first
droids ever built someday that rare
piece is going to bring a small fortune
at auction it's not for sale ok that's
no problem
what's over here well it's this guy we
call that one the peacemaker it's used
primarily in security it's a crime in a
crime situation it is capable of
apprehending trying a sentencing and
punishing the offender on spot swift and
effective only 368 bukka's heights oh ok
fine see ya let's see what this guy is
that compact unit is often used for
mining it is short and stocky and quite
strong for it sized it is designed to
work in areas which may be hazardous to
non mechanized beings 325 buck avoids 4
years of service ok yeah we need the
chief models cuz obviously Jack what
just cuz I haven't heard you do this in
a while yeah what is the number one rule
of adventure gaming you're right we
should save the game that is the number
one rule 22 Space Quest 22 great alright
we have now saved
gambling we looked around a bar we
looked around droids bs now we're gonna
see what else is in the town okay you
are standing against the protective
barrier in circle yes okay today we're
playing the text adventure games
oh I'm not able to pass okay great great
J hey J do you want to Skype
do you wanna Skype so you and rich can
have a conversation while I play
adventure games because then you can
talk to people instead of type at them
it might be slightly easier for you what
let rich know in the chat I have closed
my chat so people won't give me spoilers
you spoiling sons of bitches always
spoiling my adventure game oh I found a
spaceship look around
I don't know that J is gonna Skype in
because he just said it's halftime
what what's in what sport is Monday what
sports
there's Monday Night Football now yes
wonders never cease look at Ship and J I
did not tell them to ask you that what
are they on I don't know yeah they know
something's going on tomorrow because I
get a text from you they want to know
what it is now then now they are trying
to trick you
oh no don't fall for a J oh is he gonna
Skype in does he need my skype name i I
daughter I'm guessing Jays gone when
halftime is over oh sure okay this is
actually not a bad looking ship it
appears to be a drill drill Leone rally
on a model Cruiser they have a
reputation for quickness and reliability
can I get in the ship oh I don't know in
ship you can't board it because you
don't own it thank you game thief Jack
well you know I don't know if maybe I
own it maybe it's uh someone will let me
borrow it oh here we go Tiny's used
space crafts there you go
howdy bucko can I interest you in one of
the finest little used space ships in
the galaxy you look like a man of
discerning taste oh I should do a voice
form you'll look like a man of disorder
diced what do you do a lot of consulting
tests no we don't like that he's gotta
be used car salesman like a Texas boy oh
this is quite a unique little unit never
been flown over Mach 4e it was owned by
a little old lady from gal Strom if you
have to fly it or you have to fly it to
believe it and she can be yours for only
99 bucks odes
okay lost budget model I like that I
like the budget model look at this good
oh don't let appearances fool you this
baby may be a relic I mean I mean a
classic but she's as dependable as the
day we got her and just think you'll be
the only one in the crotch quadrant with
one huh guarantee it
she's a beaut isn't she this little baby
can do a spin around the planet in just
under an hour look at the lines on that
bodywork they just don't make them like
they make this one anymore you know what
I mean and she's a real bargain at 185
buzzards okay so I need some bukka's oh
it is the more on this door yeah I think
so I think that's what you need
yeah talk one sing turn turn sound back
on sound is back on okay there's just no
um yeah sound is back on there's just no
sounds Oh remember these games they
don't got much to them people
you can see actually in the top right oh
yeah it sounded us yeah okay I have to
go back to the bar I need to earn some
money how can I earn money so go is
there anything on the other side of the
bar I was sure I guess maybe on the
right side of the bar and I don't
remember if you can go down from that
screen either
I don't think so cuz I think these
fences will stop me yeah okay I can't go
down from that screen those fences stop
the predators from getting in and me
from goose down oh here we go what is
that look around this is the back of the
bar at the southeast end of Uhlans flats
look at writing no rafidhi graffiti ruff
Phoebe it's bug graffiti g ra yes no i t
fi t ayat yeah graffiti no it doesn't
understand graffiti alright oh wait
here's a bunch of dust okay here we go
what's this look at pile there is a
strange pile a very fine white powder
here it's origin puzzles you it has a
strange burnt smell to it if the origin
that's the guy pick up pile our search
pile I want to search through the pile
that might work
search pile that does not compute
okay pick up pile the extremely fine
dust seeps between your fingers there is
no need for it anyway especially
considering its origin well shit
okay look at hole are you sure you want
to look at that yes
say what listen you can't ask me a
question and then be confused when I
answer that question can I go up in
there no you know there's like a vent or
something here maybe it'll look good no
that's fine that's fine thing to check
out you're you're getting into the
spirit of the adventure game P in your
sight now what do you mean it's right
there
well this dust has got to be something
right oh wait let's look at my inventory
gadget glass plant survival kit ooh can
I um can I put dust in kit that does not
compute no okay all right I got to go
back in the bar we got to make us some
bukka's eyes rich all right all right it
did it did dant dant dant dant dant dant
bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump
I'm gonna have to turn off the sound
again or else we're gonna hear that off
on you well then I guess like if it's
but if it's good for you guys the
question is for the chat is is the music
unbearably loud oh I'll tell you what
they say in a sermon okay I still think
I think the sound is off what is it what
does f10 do I'm the man act again the
sound but I can hear it and the sound is
on but you can hear it okay cuz there
there is sound coming out of it right
now they should hear it
alright alright
they can hear some people saying it's
loud people saying it's quiet but oh
well okay I think I know what I have to
do here okay maybe I don't
uh-huh so this is the second time I've
come in here and there was a guy at the
there's a guy at the machine and he got
burnt up alright so I probably have to
either get to his ashes before the
sweeper does or get to him before he
gets burned out that's my that's my
assumption so I'm leaving the bar okay
and I'm going back in okay there's
another guy there okay okay
gonna walk over to him oh yeah but he
just got vaporized
I'll there's nothing here that huh or
maybe I have to do something with a
robot well I don't notice out oh okay
and look at robot I don't want to word
this I need to mess around with that
robot I honestly don't remember a lot of
solutions here okay no and that's okay
I'm gonna I have look at robot the
pre-typed it so now I'm gonna leave
again we're gonna leave again exciting
okay and we're going back a and there's
another guy there don't they see all the
guys dying they don't care these are
tough space hombres yeah you're right
people die in here all the time
oh no he's still alive man no one seems
to be willing to acknowledge your
presence okay here we go okay I can stop
the robot if I go right here ah robot I
stopped you look at robot this sweeper
is a small motorized device which scans
the floor and DeVries friend removes it
from women moments of detected there's
nothing special about it otherwise I'll
are you sure you want to look at that
Vittoria it's a it's it's a shame I've
played all these old senior games it'd
be great if I could like figure this out
with you that's the thing we need to
find a game like this that you haven't
played reddit right and then you could
help me figure it out but you kinda you
probably know the answer this yes or no
yes yes and no okay
use Army knife that does not compute io
why can't I pick up the pile
how about open robot nope pick robot
it's not advisable trying anything
aggressive here since you are
outnumbered okay okay yeah Oh in the bar
about how about this search of robots no
that does not compute
it's gotta have something to do with
this robot
I don't recall what's in your inventory
cartridge keycard Bukka Zoids Army knife
gadget glass plants and a survival kit
mmm
it helps if I pause it cuz then it turns
off that's stupid music mmm we do here
and now they wanted muted yes yes hold
on I will do that immediately you know
what should have done that earlier
here's what we'll do guys here is what
we'll do
I'm gonna turn on some classical music
but what everyone's saying to leave and
come back when the Blues Brothers are
playing so they like that music yeah
I have I've just turned down some
classical music to have on in the
background now here we go
so now we have you know this is rich
this is thinking music oh okay
III so here I have as you can see him
I've stopped the robot from sweeping up
the ashes I've gotten in his way
and you're thinking you can do something
with the robot maybe or may you know
what maybe what I need to do is now go
to where the robot was maybe like the
robot blocks a path over here or
something not nothing not remembering
maybe maybe maybe you could do something
when the ashes come out the back oh sure
maybe I don't remember maybe okay well
let's go back and see if anything
happens
all right beginning our slow walk out
back you could knock the speed up if you
want well that's right these games asked
jewel whoa power walking yeah
try fastest I don't know if I can handle
that can't no trap nope I just did it it
freaks me out look at pile drains pile
here burnt smell yeah yeah all that is
the same ok well ok so now let's try
this little this little power rock is
great oh my god The Blues Brothers are
dancing ok ok guy just got vaporized now
I'm gonna head out back
see if I can catch the pile being made
probably not probably not know there's
just a pile there ok it was a thought
and it was a good thought so the
question is do I have to gamble you know
director gamble is it is this like a
random thing you might as well so
anything else you could do with the
bartender what was he what was he
selling was he wasn't just beer yeah he
only sells beer and no one wants to talk
you know let's try this let's try get on
stage say what no ok you can't do that
maybe I could perform what I was
thinking like I could do a dance for
everyone talk to bar tender the chat
will not shut up about don't shit your
pants uh-huh
we're not playing that right now not
right now no everyone keeps insisting
it's not a screamer though
yeah yeah sure by the way we believe you
trusted sources are saying that I'm yeah
it could be like it's enough people are
saying it I'm willing to buy it
ok everyone's saying it's a text
adventure ok well you know we'll do it
you know what we'll do it
because why not okay hold on for a
second are you good you can shut up
about it now yeah we'll do it can you
can you save in this this menu here for
the function ID right now I have to get
out of here again
indeed who just subscribed rich um a lot
no and I by the way I won't hold on
ai urs is AE look you pronounced yeah
you're saying rage 2 K thank you for
subscribing with your weird-ass
unpronounceable name yeah your rage okay
thank you for subscribing perfect
oh wait where did my keyboard go reach
how do I get back to my keyboard go back
to the menu all programs all programs
accessories no eases access that was it
thank you on screen keyboard the bottom
keyboard on the taskbar yeah right click
on it pin this program to test bar nice
and you can unpin when you're done with
this game
great okay
so first what we're gonna do here is we
are going to function f10 out of here
and save because it has been a while
since we have saved
23 great okay so now we are gonna gamble
I'm gonna bet $3 come on bet $3 did I
die f8 oh okay I need to use this
keyboard apparently okay after function
I bet $3 chery chery yeah we won nine
dollars gracefully can you you sure you
can't save from here I might be able to
oh I just won $15 is there a quick safe
that you can hit oh I can say that's the
same way of doing this okay I just won
$50 so you want me to save again oh yeah
whatever you won big
okay I just won big so yeah yeah okay
great let's go again eyeball cherry oh
it's hopeless
is what it's then cherry death okay I
won $3 that's not bad
Jerry Jerry Jerry yes I have $55 super
sweet save 24
okay here we go
and function f8 whoo diamond diamond
cherry suck methane come on I think I
want those diamonds not a chance
come on come on come on Oh skull oh and
I died but that's okay because I say it
luck Stern has cost you dearly as life
seeps away you long for the simpler days
aboard the Arcadia thank you for playing
space quest
ha ha ha ha restore 24 all right back to
$55 I say I tell you my saving Jack yeah
what I'd return you win yeah and I did
by the way okay
you said back to 55 where will you add
total win at your best
5500 yeah it's fine yeah okay von
eyeball sit that I bow I want $30 i
sweet $79 I'm gonna save again save 25
or 25 is all right all right feels like
cheating doesn't it I mean I'm sure it
is cheating but you know whatever
cherry skull skull okay that doesn't do
as much good I'm into cherry cherry oh
come on come on diamond skull no no no
come on skull diamond no okay we're not
doing good here rich dudes all right
that's all right
I guess this is just part of the game
though Ryan we need that money
oh oh no it's hopeless also rich make
sure you check the chat to see if like
my my classical music levels are okay it
should be quieter than everything else
but if it's too loud let me know
quiet for a second
sounds okay okay great I'm just gambling
then I've lost so much here that I'm
gonna I'm just gonna restore and go back
to my like $77
I've just been gambling this whole time
oh wait eyeballs nope not a chance I'm
gonna I'm gonna do that I'm gonna
restore back to when I shared money sure
the same as winning seven is the quick
restore I believe oh okay five and then
you'll have to go type everything in at
five an f7 okay great
luzhin there has to be more to it than
this you know
like ooh oh come on diamonds I need some
big money here
diamond diamond eyeball oh not eyeball
anything but eyeball all right let me
make sure we didn't miss something here
of it oh oh I won big again I have
eighty eight space book so I can buy a
droid if I want but I think I want a
spaceship I think I need enough money
for both right all right I'm looking off
something right now okay
because there are there are there are
miscible things in this game sadly so
I'm just gonna make sure oh we've
already learned that there are miscible
things yeah
diamond diamond cherry oh all right yeah
are you looking up a walkthrough we
missed something
okay do it like is it something I need
to go back at to a save state for or
like yeah
oh no what did we miss oh one you sold
your skimmer yeah you have to turn down
the first offer oh my god yep we have to
go back that far we have to go well I
mean other than a little bit of gambling
you just explored and you already know
where everything is so by the way that
bad didn't I try to haggle I'm putting
that one I made all right hosting haggle
I guess you should've just said no oh
now we need to remember which save state
it was I think it was 21 I think so
well let's see if this is right yep all
right
get off scammer
Rich's big dumb dumb head rich you big
dumb dumb and by the way we're gonna
give you an official next prereq up so
it updated yeah I'm now officially four
sixths of the way done okay and I'm
really excited about that out of there
you learned from Frog fractions jack
yeah I could have said two thirds I
could have but there are six segments
and four of them are 100% edited like
all the graphics and all the everything
so that's really exciting so Jason's I'm
not paying attention for a few minutes I
come back and Jack is still fucking
around in this bar yeah I know Jake I'm
sorry I know okay wait
Jamie's these games are slower paced so
you end up fucking around in areas for a
while
mmm tried to figure out what you have to
do and we're trying to figure it out
without the oh I just said no when he
walked away rich well maybe he'll come
back go go to a different screen and
then come back sure okay that would be
what I would think okay great yeah I saw
I said no and he's like fine be that way
jerk and I was like yeah yeah
the one the one thing I hate about some
of the earlier Sierra games are miscible
items you have no oh that's okay okay
let's see here the bartender drops by
occasionally I serve them a band is
cranking out some sweet popular tunes
it's mess in here great and you and you
hence turn the speed back up this I've
turned the speed oh wait I have to ask
let's turn the sound off again quickly
oh no actually the speed was on fast so
it's okay we're back to exactly where we
were at the start of the stream hooray
who cares if that was an hour of wasted
time alright alright I left the bar I'm
gonna go see if I can find that dude
well you know you know you know that you
don't need to fuck around with the robot
quite as much yeah we already explored
the town so you know could've been worse
oh yeah yeah it's none this is the thing
we know a lot more now like we know we
need bukka's OIG's for the droids right
now we need bucks for the spaceship I
just want to know when this guy is
coming back oh oh there he comes
hold on okay this is my final offer and
I'm only doing it because you look like
you need it pretty bad I'll give you 30
bucks and I'll throw in this swell
jetpack I only used it works works great
in zero gravity you'll love it is it a
deal yes or no yes alright boom now we
have a jetpack

[Part II]
what is this dude all right get out of
here
the frogs all right now we're gonna go
gambling here we go oh wait you know
what I should do I could totally save
what is that what's what is that you or
were you listening to the chat yeah I
don't know I I turn the sound down in
the stream because I wanted to hear the
music that was playing okay see if I
could identify what the frogs were
singing oh dude - dude it did it did -
duty
okay 27 now we're gonna gamble and f8
boom and I died great oh I say this okay
I say okay already yeah my first my
first time through all right here we go
we're gonna try this again
and a cherry cherry alright I want a
buck great oh man sometimes sometimes
the slot machine can be unforgiving rich
ooh oh come on eyeball eyeball czar good
I think I need those diamonds yeah those
diamonds diamonds are great yeah but
like the three adobo you're not gonna
hit very often right oh okay that's fine
it's only if we get three skulls that's
the oh okay we're fine suck methane oh I
don't want to diamond no my ball come on
get out of here with this I only have 15
bukka's oiz left eyeball diamond really
eyeball diamond dye ball doesn't get you
anything no the only thing three of a
kind or like cherries right like one
cherry I'll get you something like the
first spot right two cherries the first
two spots of the spots will you
something I can't talk okay but cherries
are the only thing you
for when there's not three of a kind
okay I lost all my buck avoids well
that's why we're safe that's why we save
all right hey look I have 30 bucks large
again have fun and this is a little
frustrating but that's okay here we go
oh oh I got two diamonds in a row
come on let's go skull and eyeball yeah
I was gambling much better for a source
who would ever gamble with this game
that's the real question but I guess you
know like you said there what happened
to my classical music here we had a
wonderful classical music playing here
we go piano sonata all right a gambling
again eyeball eyeball oh yes free eye
balls I now have so sweet
bukka Zoids chair I have 60 but what
save the game oh my god you're totally
right twenty-eight save twenty-eight
I should probably like make the saves
more relevant like 60 bucks so I can
yeah instead I'm just numbering them
well we want to keep track because you
know oh that's true okay here we go 60
bucks the winner wins nothing they win
bragging rights in the chat like I
guessed how many times Jack would fuck
up
spoiler alert a lot nah that's just how
it's gonna be
Jack's gonna fuck up a lot because you
know I'm not very smart or graceful but
that has nothing to do with this game
you you die a lot yes fine it's fine
older games back in the day you only had
one game at a time this is the thing
we're so lucky now especially with a
skull shit oh my god this is crazy
very little control over it mmm oh hey
rich have you seen dick neutral in the
chat at all today today I was here
yesterday why well because I would the
one thing I did want to mention at which
I forgot to mention when we started this
dream his dick neutral asked a question
about a game that he has seen me playing
on Steam okay and I won't say what it is
because it's a very special surprise but
dick neutral the game you asked me about
that I've been playing we have been
playing yes I actually well I know I
know you have an important for me yet
yeah I know you haven't been buying it
but we have played it hint hint
I want action okay great dig neutral
that game you asked about yesterday rich
and I have played it hey intend this is
the least interesting mystery of all
time Jack I know I just want to know
what him know I you know I guess the
episode is not out yet so no one knows
what we're playing next
anyway but I got through this after the
stream yesterday I was I was hanging out
the chat for bed
yeah and the the chat brought up
something that not a terrible idea
okay they were they were suggesting that
we get a shared Steam account okay with
a public email address so that it would
be easier for people to send us games oh
we wouldn't have to be friends we just
have a previously recorded account
mm-hmm
so after the chat I know I didn't talk
to you about it yet but after the chat I
did log onto steam and I created a
previously recorded a previously
recorded account uh-huh so we just need
an email we don't mind making public and
we can do that well we have we have an
at red letter media and we have a and
I'm gonna save the games as gifts right
and then yo yeah ya know and prereq has
an at red letter media address and we
also have an at gmail address yep so we
have a couple public addresses
why is my restore not working apparently
if I restore the game from at 60 bucks
the sweeper is taking me away you might
have saved it after you you are you got
dead I guess well then we go back to 27
good old 27 how much money do I have oh
well we have 30 bucks now okay okay
that's fine
we're not too far off they're saying you
saved over here you might have
accidentally saved after you oh sure
sure I could have done that yeah well
shit happens I go oh oh damn it -
diamonds - diamonds in the skull
here we go it's this you know this is
rich exciting high-octane gameplay I'm
sorry jack
I'm sorry this is you know again one of
those things where they're just trying
to fail time yeah yeah this is just time
filler there's a there's a very similar
thing in the Pokemon series where it's
mostly optional like you can forego it
but they have like a gambling Center at
gaming centers what they call it yeah
but they have slot machines and then if
you like can earn enough money through
the slot machines you can trade in that
money for a rare Pokemon but you know
what
that's entirely optional in the game you
don't have to do it at all when it's
when it's forced on ya then it gets a
little tedious uh-huh but that's okay
these are older games and so they get a
little bit of a pass because they didn't
know any better and back in the day when
did this game come out can you quick
look up a year I'm gonna say 84 yeah I'm
gonna say 84 I'm gonna say 84 this is
technically safe 29 86 86 rich yeah I
was that was in the day of Mario you
know yeah all I'm saying is I was five
years old when this came out I was a few
years older and I played this game but
it came out uh it wasn't that great on
salt it's solving the puzzles on my own
yeah sure no I I and I I still like it I
like the idea of having to figure things
out in a in a different way you know
rather than just you know you know you
have to jump over the thing yeah
like no you have to think you need to
think your way out of a situation this
is a Star Trek game right here think
your way out use diplomacy they might be
point-and-click but they did make Star
Trek adventure games
did they yes god I mean classic Trek
Star Trek 25th anniversary Oh judgment
rights we could I am losing rich I'm
losing it gambling I know I know
how awful there's got to be a better way
to do this it has to be a better way to
do this he has to be I can't believe
that I mean but I guess here's the thing
is I can believe that they want you to
just you know do this for long enough to
get the diamonds to get a million bucks
swords or whatever right I can believe
that
I guess like D if you still have that
walkthrough up just give it a quick
glance I'm gonna go right now actually
I'm actually looking that up to second
give it a glance and just tell me if if
I if I'm missing something cuz when when
I played originally as a kid yeah I know
I did it through gambling sure there
might be a shorter way I just never knew
about right no and I could see this
being away the classical music makes
this much more intense and so I think
that helps guys here in the click of my
virtual keyboard here
function f8 function f8
Oh spinny eyeballs almost back up to
sixty bukka's Oh hands how sad the guide
I'm reading seems to be for the point
click remakes I don't know if that's
gonna help okay damn you damn you remake
you wreck everything remake Oh more
eyeballs $66 this is the most I've ever
had we're gonna save we're at 30 we are
officially at 30 save states
high-octane action oh no this is
something like we touched on in the
zelda episode but you know we're so
lucky what playing games like this we
need to understand how lucky we are to
have every game in existence at our
fingertips this is the way to make money
gambling this is okay all right yeah yep
it's just like remember cuz you know i
remember playing some awful games for a
while we had the only game system we had
in our house was like a sega saturn and
that was it and we had like two games
for we had gex and some of their awful
Sega Saturn game and that's it like you
get one game every like six months and
so then if you want to play a game you
have to play your one game and so it's
okay that they do stuff like this to Pat
it out because that's it that's all you
have is one game right right umm I'm sad
if this is ruining your Space Quest
experience no no I mean I want more type
II the third one is probably a better
game
I want more typing too soo was kind of
like yeah yeah I hate hate the early
parts of - I like I like parse near the
end you know you know there's just no
there's no game here I'm just pressing a
button until I know I know oh and I know
you know
and so yeah it's it's not ruining it I'm
accept this as part of gaming's history
gamings history is full of padding
what do you add and how long has it been
since you saved money wash I'm down to
39 dollars at $66 I'm actually thinking
about going back to my chance to yeah
just so I can get more money and yeah I
am Saba blue shit okay and oh hey all
right
$63 now just give him the cheat I don't
know that there is a cheap for this
there's a cheat
oh yeah there's somebody in the chat
said just give him the cheat give me the
chief rich why haven't you given me the
choice I'm unfamiliar with any cheap oh
it's hopeless
it keeps saying it's hopeless and I'm
starting to believe it are you looking
up a cheat that's rich you should
definitely have Jack type holy shit at
the machine can I can i type it might be
like an easter egg thing with the text
book doesn't come up I don't know oh my
god what happened I typed in holy shit
and you can enter a number of skulls
diamonds or cherries or eyes so if I
type in 3 what happens I would have told
you earlier I did not know this existed
this is all news to me
diamond diamond diamond oh my god
there's a cheat if you type in holy shit
I did it the natural way yeah ok by the
way chat thank you very much
okay so if you type in holy shit it
gives you the option to choose what you
land on what you land on and so you just
keep typing in holy shit three and then
f8 and you just keep rolling tones Wow
why would you enter anything but
diamonds I don't know how to see what
they do okay alright well here we are
we're making mad cash how much cash do
we need I know that I don't recall
exactly I mean I just wanna I wanna I
want enough cash to buy everything just
get like 300 and we can always come back
and do this again so sure okay there's
three rich can we get a ric flair woo
for that I think the Ric Flair woes have
to come from the heart it might be like
my laughs where I have trouble faking it
let me let me try what happened it's not
there yeah it's kind of there oh that
was kind of it that was better so wrong
that that felt dirty
yeah the machine did the Machine runs
out of money eventually oh really yeah
so now I have some bukka's IDEs which is
great let's let's save spending them
let's save okay save and we are now at
31 grave the chat wants me to say
goblins yeah hi
why do you want me to say goblins what's
in it for me
right tell me this do you like ghosts
and goblins I'll say goblins but you got
to give me you got to give me $25 if you
want me to say goblins
alright let's go talk to tiny over here
howdy bucko can I interest you in one of
the finest little Hugh spaceships in the
galaxy you look like a man of discerning
tastes well this is quite a unique
little unit never been flown over Mach 3
it was owned by a little old lady so
that one will cost me 99 buck asides and
then this big one will cost me a hundred
and eighty five Buccos odes okay and I
have 250 I want to say okay you can
easily get more no no that machines out
of order I'm swimming if once the 250 is
probably the max you can have you think
if I spend some I can go back I'm
assuming hold on I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
back here now and a man just died we're
saved so yeah we're saved so I'm gonna
go back and see if I can do it again now
okay yeah oh you mean in the bar in the
bar the machine is currently out of
order please come again
well did you spend did you spend the
money no I didn't spend any well that's
what you probably that's why you can't
oh okay that's in your attic cap a money
cab oh oh hold on I just got approached
by a shady character say there pal it's
come to my attention that you're in the
market for some transportation I may be
able to help you if you'll follow me I'd
like to show you a fine little piece of
machinery that'll knock your eyes out I
mean okay okay
I think he's gonna mug me rich I don't
know
yep hold it right there pal this is a
stick-up I'll relieve you of your cash
thank you very much
250 bucks swords I guess it's better
than nothing here keep five for yourself
I gotta admit you look like you need it
well what oh you got robbed yep gosh
darn it
so now can I go back now we'll see if we
can get our buckets back or if the
machine's broken and I need to go back
to my safe space and spend my money fast
okay the man just got vaporized here
comes the sweet Bell bot oh yeah now the
machine's working oh well I guess maybe
I'll just go back to my safe state just
to save time
well I don't know just just do it again
whatever Oh or do you think that I
needed to get round I don't know I'm not
saying that I don't remember okay I bet
I honestly don't worry okay well it
doesn't matter because we have the cheat
code now so I need to have an operation
to take the fucking mush out of my mouth
it'll never happen rich you know i
know-oh-oh I mean oh I do need to type
it in every single time by the way I
need to type in holy shit every single
time
okay here we go diamonds are forever
maybe maybe you just need to do some
like mouth exercises maybe is that a
thing you can do the problem is probably
my brain maybe you need some brain
exercises I don't think my brain is
normal you know
not completely
you know many aren't by the way so sorry
there seems to be a circuit failure to
reimburse and claim to have okay
whatever okay you're full basically now
we have 250 okay don't don't go
following guys behind buildings no no no
I'm gonna go buy a spaceship now that I
know we can get all of our money back
alright we're gonna buy the nicest
fanciest spaceship we can get our hands
on so how about it but herb so how about
it partner can I interest you in
anything here what can we do business or
what I'm at your service
talk to me chief I want to buy this one
by I don't understand your request by
ship I tell ya I think you've made a
wise decision she's a beauty the keys
are in her if you have any problems
don't hesitate to come back and tell us
about them it's been a hell of a
pleasure doing business with you oh well
good luck come again you shell out the
Bukka swords and hop in anxiously you
fired up and liftoff and I died
what was the last time you synced oh I
didn't say that for getting robbed darn
the luck Jack you've crashed in the
dunes and ended your life these various
inhabitants of the caronian desert are
now feasting on what remains of you
guess that wasn't such a hot purchase
thank you for playing space quest gosh
alright
fun game yeah hahaha you're a fun game
alright hold on let me go back into the
bar and get some buckets better wait so
I need to go outside and get robbed
again I think I don't just just don't go
with the guy hmm
just don't go with the guy that robbed
you I don't know if I have my bukka's
eyes or not
check your over it just says bukka's
eyes it doesn't say how many look at
bukka's heads
oh I do have 250 of them okay correct
you're good to go you're good to go I
unless that guy needs to rob us all
right I'm getting on it oh wait so do I
want to purchase the other spaceship or
do I need to purchase the Android first
is the question I really want me to tell
you these things no no I'm in love hey
the way you said that I wasn't sure oh
okay sound like you wanted me to tell
you oh yeah no I'm just I'm just riffing
here I'm just speaking out a lot okay
I'm gonna go to the Droid salesman now
and go to the piloting droid right
because there's a piloting drive can you
can you you know you don't have enough
to buy the the police Droid damn he
won't like you you need what do you need
to buy them Oh
oh that one oh yeah that's probably way
too much I can only carry 250 let's see
here yeah
oh no yeah and it's uh it's 294 with
coop on the peacemaker so you could
never have enough to buy it no yeah oh
yeah all of all of the ones downstairs
are 294 with coupon cuz that'd be nice
for getting robbed yeah so I can either
buy what's this one is for flight
systems or is an all-around droid
selling them but it's still quite a bit
of life left in it and it's a great
little companion for you from here well
I want the piloting one
by royde using your discount coupon you
have made a relatively decent purchase
of a pre-owned sale item great oh now he
follows me around like it is that's
great which one did you buy the the
flight droid okay okay
I should probably save or I shouldn't
save in case I die with the flight droid
I could pick it to get to get to get to
get ahead oh my god
rich this drug this droid bobbing up and
down following me is possibly the cutest
thing in the world dig it dig it dig it
dig it dig it okay we can't get in that
spaceship because that's not ours but we
can go to tiny here I want to buy this
one I want to buy the fast 185 bukka's
OIG's how many puck is ours I have left
look at oh yeah I can buy this one by
ship I'll tell you I think what dude dip
to do alright you shout your buck Azores
and hoppin anxiously you fire it off and
liftoff hey I look rich tell me this
yeah listen I know like in this game I
need to type in very specific things but
I bought the thing why would I not bring
the piloting robot with me doesn't look
like this room for it in that ship
are these are these ships a red herring
I'm not saying anything
don't you say a thing I got my bukka's
IDEs here's my thought
uh-huh oh wait they got the piloting
droid from a gambling type right uh-huh
okay I know what's going on here
I know I know exactly what to do I mean
I'm not sure if that's true I know
exactly what to do
okay so they got the piloting droid from
a gambling type right uh-huh and the
gambler is at the gambling machine right
but he died uh-huh and so this is the
Droid that pilots the ship the ship that
that I don't own right
come here where's you oh my Droid got
stuck come here Droid look ashes
okay I bet I bet now that I have the
piloting droid I can go and get in that
ship wait you know what can I just buy
both droids I can I'm gonna I can afford
both droids it's fine everything's fine
come here I'm gonna be I'm gonna be I'm
gonna be like the king of the droids
here okay bye - I'll Bappi droids by
this droid to buy droid only one droid
per person in this town it's an orange
juice I wanted to talk I want to talk to
your manager
now okay it's at UH logic it's a town
law BS is that town law I got money I
want two droids what do you mean you can
only have one droid in this timer SF
frakkin Meza reckon all right we're here
we go two droids one putz you give right
and right it's dig dig dig dig here okay
now can I get in the ship yes and the
ship you would need to be closer to the
middle of the ladder to be able to climb
it climb ladder you can't pour because
you don't on it darn it hmm I got this
piloting droid do I need to buy this
other stupid ship over then why do I
need this droid all right I'm going back
in the bar hold on we're gonna see if we
can talk to somebody here last time are
you near a save just curiosity am i near
a save there was last time you saved you
know what I mean you know what I mean
when when started oh the last time I say
that I had 250 bukka's IDEs and before I
bought the Droid so it's like it won't
matter nothing has happened you know
mmm-hmm except for buying the Droid
which may or may not have been the smart
choice to make and what do I do
kind of I guess I just you know what I
guess I'll just try to buy the other
spaceship and see what happens obviously
buying the blue spaceship kills me so we
don't want to do that by ship
okay I'd say I think you've made a wise
decision she's at beauty the keys are in
her you have any problems don't hesitate
to come back it's been a hell of a
pleasure doing business up here why
don't you come back again Oh what okay I
have a ship now yeah in ship you proudly
climb into your new used spacecraft
there's definitely something unique
about it you turn the key excitedly oh
oh I drilled a hole into the ground rich
you you did what I know god that's great
I furthered the story rich well geez it
seems it's developed some minor
malfunctions since we acquired it we
didn't have a small micrometeoroid
shower the other day maybe that was a
lemon trap much as I'd like to I can't
refund your money company policy it's
out of my hands however I can give you
70 bukka's OIG's credit on another ship
in our fine line of you space crafts
look around see what you like hmm well
yeah but the other one kills me look at
hole there's a hole here I'm sure you
recall its origin at the bottom is the
fine craft you Road to glory in there
there's no reason to explore this hole
any further
but the other ship kills me well what is
it what is logic tell us if one ship
kills me and the other ship goes
underground I don't need any of these
ships is what logic is telling me okay
so I should probably leave but video
game logic tells me that something I
need something over here or else why
would it exist in the game you know
I'm not saying things buff him no out
game don't say things about games you
know like that this is the the problem
is you know I'm using real logic and
video game logic hold on
yeah the video game side of me is saying
that this must serve some sort of
purpose unless it's a red herring which
I suppose it could be it could be joke
I mean you buy the ship and you die yeah
I don't know you buy the ship and you
die and then you buy the other ship and
it fails so it could be a joke okay okay
so now I have this little droid I have
the piloting droid that I can't use I
have I have this ship that I can't get
into cuz it's not mine it's not one of
those two ships it's not one of those
two ships that's what I'm that's what
I'm guessing is that what we've we've
figured out i'd i mean i think okay
that's what logic is telling me so i
need to find a way to get that other
ship so I think that that other ship
belongs to the gambler who dies and
keeps getting brought back to life right
uh-huh
and so then my thought would be I would
need to search through his ashes but
we've tried that and there's nothing in
there like four keys to the spaceship
right uh-huh am i close right I'm just
so off that it's comical to you all
right well what have a nice I am I am
forbidden from saying things hahaha
yeah if I get too far gone I'll ask I'll
ask I'll ask for your advice slash tell
me how to get out of this okay okay I
kind of go back to the bar I guess
by beer
your words find no audience great all
right maybe I need to get drunk first
that seems to make sense
maybe what'll it be I got beer and it's
too bukka's ides
just just never forget to save buy beer
that'll be $2 thank you very much come
again
drink beer okay
I will save save 32 so this is 32 and 31
as before I buy the Droid so if we need
to go back to that what'll it be I got
beer it's two bucks sides by dippy here
did you save I did okay drink beer don't
gulp great
give me another eyes go back all right
buy beer about for two bucks
drink beer as you sip another of the odd
brews you overhear someone at the bar
speaking there I was cruising through
sector aged 8 when I spot this blip on
the scanner so I head towards it you see
and right there in front of me sits the
deltar it's just sitting there my heart
starts hyper warping on me I figure my
milliseconds are numbered all I can
think of doing is getting my craft out
of there so I'm reaching for the
throttle all the sudden there's this
incredible flash of light you see and
just like that this little planetoid
explodes into a ball of fire I tell you
I've never seen anything like it
I'm Aldo throttle
got out of there quick you bet Jack I
love your voices
no thank you yeah okay I don't know what
that has to do with anything
buy beer oh I didn't type fast enough I
hear I have to have to pre type buy beer
why don't you save your right
okay the guy told me a story
uh-huh I don't know what good it did but
okay so now I have the beer so I can
drink beer you feel a strange tingling
sensation the taste of the beer doesn't
seem to be bothering you so much now II
I beer I bartender come on back that'll
be two bucks sides great drink beer oh
my you are starting to feel unstable Oh
oh no what well I'm dancing around
oh my god I'm rough feeling so wonderful
I know the doors here somewhere
please stop moving the bar oh can i buy
more beer here that'll be two bucks
drink beer
go go oh god I mean I can't walk I'm
moving on my own vibe here hold on I'm
getting ready for him to ask again
please can I am some drunk now right so
what are you doing you're drunk do I
need to find bathroom hey I need sup you
can I am pew could you can you not do
anything right now I can't move or
anything here puke
I don't understand puke throw-up
that does not compute P you think pee no
no that doesn't work you you know any
control could you break your way to the
door no buy beer listen o listen Mac I
can't serve you anymore you've you're
sledge you better go sleep it off or
something before you start making a
public display yourself oh okay no like
I can't go anywhere please stop moving
the bar how do you
go don't go this way
go get out of here I'm trying I think I
have like slight control okay
I'm trying I think I'm trying but of
course it also could just be very random
I just keep press I like I tap the left
key that's all I'm doing is tapping the
left key over and over and over and over
and over again get out of here come on
come on you drunky not down down down
down down no left left left
Oh too much come on go left go laughter
you dick you look tronic fuck get out of
here go to sleep you've already had your
nap but come on umm crash lay down those
stairs at all no I can't like if I
rapidly press the left button I kind of
move towards them so right now tapping
left and up and I'm kind of moving
towards the oh wait it kind of hold on
come on go stretch try gambling yeah
that might kill me come on wait there's
miss no I'm getting there
I feel like I'm getting right I can I go
to bed your legs will take you where you
want to go in most cases anyway well no
they won't take me where I want to go
you might just have to reload get less
drunk okay no get less
drunk I don't understand less do I need
to reload like did I get too drunk mm
that may be the case yeah I guess
oh darn it okay well I'm doing it I'm
reloading okay
so what did we learn don't drink too
much
well no I'm saying what did we learn
from the other go say there pal
it's come to my attention that you're in
the market for some transportation I may
be able to help you if you follow me no
well that's all over that shit again
no no so now can I get in this face
craft
how much money do you have
I don't know look I have a hundred and
seven of them you may as well top
yourself off fifty okay
I'm not buying into your Shay spacecraft
tiny you get the fuck out of here I know
your game oh there's a man there again I
like I want to think that man is there
for a reason
and it's like the machine but I want to
think that the machine is there for a
reason - what what man what machine the
the man who dies at the gambling
Michelle because he could just be there
to show us that you die yeah
but then like they talk about the
machine - and it's like I want to do
something with that oh shit
alright cheating our way to the top oh
holy shit
three what a great cheat I am getting
out of here
I'm just trying to remember what that
guy told us which guy like the guy who
was started to tell his story at the bar
he mentioned that that that ship the the
caterer the the what should we call him
mm-hmm
yeah the ship that then it it blew up
like a planet or something right yeah
well what do I do now I have 250 bukka's
Owens
well I'd save it because we always save
you're right you're right you're right
well we need a ship right yeah and
there's this ship that's just sitting
right here
oh we've hit an opera hold on okay I can
I cannot I still cannot get on board the
ship because I don't know that okay
well that's that's weird freezing isn't
it yeah this is actually not a bad
looking ship it appears to be a dry lien
model cruiser they have a reputation for
quickness and reliability you are
surprised that someone or something of
Tiny's caliber would be carrying it wait
this is tiny ship
oh hello so apparently if I just hang
out here long enough time he comes okay
well there's a man with the good eye
this here is a is the the keenest little
scrambler in the hemisphere top of the
line handles like a charm perfect for
cruise in the asteroid field and she's
got all the thrust a guy could need I
tell you she's an outright steal at 214
bucka sides with your seventy bukka's
oyk reddit that would come to let's see
a 144 bukka's ODEs by ship i tell ya i
think you made a wise decision she's a
beauty the keys are in her if you have
any problems don't hesitate to come back
and tell us about them it's been a hell
of a pleasure doing business with you
and by the way you're gonna need a droid
to help you fly that thing
well good luck come again okay I have a
droid great put droid in ship first
let's save just to make sure yes okay
you're right
it didn't understand my request to put
the droid in the ship so now we will
climb a ladder oh and
look around
oh look around what do you want to look
at how do I get the Droid in the ship
he's just standing there looking like a
doof look at panel
he's standing he's standing under the
ship thing yeah it's roids the droids
where he needs me okay okay looking at
the inside of the ship you notice there
are no controls here just a button
marked load tiny must have been serious
when I said you need a joy to fly it
okay press load oh there we go
this is room what sector what sector
shall I head for sir asks the Droid do I
know what sector to head for that was
what you overheard in the bar um I don't
know anything look in the chat I don't
pay attention to things sector h/h oh
that's right sector h h sector h h it is
i will proceed with course entry they
love the fuck bot voice well yeah oh
everything comes hey wait a minute what
are you doing my ship perfect perfect
alright we all had tiny well done jack
you've managed to overcome the elements
of corona from endless deserts to spider
droids to obnoxious salesman and bad
booze yes the sand in your boots shall
forever serve as a reminder of this
forsaken planet you should feel proud
but now destiny awaits with an even
greater challenge hang on sir we are
headed into an asteroid field Oh No
ah oh god oh god okay I can't control
the ship I don't think I can
well the droids flying yeah the droids
flying I don't have to do anything I'm
there might be sound effects I turned
all the sound off because I find it
annoying can you still type commands no
no there's no okay we have established
visual contact with a ship of Syrian
origin says the Droid the name del Thor
is confirmed you might consider the fact
oh oh sorry
oh yeah the name del Thor is confirmed
you might consider the fact that we are
in danger by being anywhere near this
ship I hope you didn't waste money on
the extended warranty when you purchased
me that was a funny joke if you have to
make that announcement jacket was not I
know I will slow our approach and stand
off at a safe distance great here we go
okay okay we are standing off at a safe
distance look at ship before you lies
the Syrian battle cruiser delt or an
impossibly massive ship now you
understand why the Arcadia was so easily
overtaken your first instinct is to turn
the ship around and head for home but
then you realize that unless you do
something to try to stop the Syrians
there will be no home dun-dun-dun yeah
that was that was my best dramatic
reading of them
mm-hmm okay okay
okay well um look for doc open Utz suck
come on look for doc I don't understand
doc do I do rich like you know like how
do how do I get go go to the ship you
know like yeah you swear you got a thing
that's where you got to use that thinkin
noodle Oh God not my thinking noodle
that that brain thing of a jig I hear
works wonders I cooked away my thinking
noodle long ago rich what are your what
are your options
what are Maya oh I have a jet pack oh my
god oh we have opera too
I kind of like this thing kind of listen
to the Opera who I have a plant still I
guess I have beer rich I have beer I
bought a beer and didn't drink it yes oh
really yes I can give I can drink a beer
later if I get stressed out that's great
that's great I love that um can I go you
know what I should do I should save yeah
yeah cuz we're in it now they're saying
turn the sound back

[Part III]
oh yeah yeah all right sound is back on
sweet I'm keeping I'm keeping the
classical music on though just to have
something in the background okay alright
here's the thing though I kind of like
opera sometimes but not appropriate for
what we're doing now cuz we'll be
talking okay
it gets distracting and I understand
that okay
okay I want to go to the ship go to ship
that's that's not the way to get there
well then dock with ship I don't
understand doc I gotta use my noodle
yeah
brain I don't like using my brain brain
rich
how do I get to the ship look around
there does not appear to be here to view
what no I just look around look look at
look at cockpit search cockpit look look
at panel they're always called panels
yep no that does not seem to be okay
search ship damn it exit ship oh my god
can I do that
exit ship oh my god I got out of the
ship right no oh god no no you know what
I didn't do I didn't put my jet pack on
darn jack upon exiting the ship you find
that you have no means of maneuvering
and are subject to the whims of inertia
and gravity you quickly learn the true
meaning of helplessness as death death
has its way with you
thank you for playing space quest well
good thing we see your deaths are the
best okay put on a jetpack you are now
wearing the jetpack a small control
linkage snaps onto the back of your
helmet allowing you to control it merely
by focusing on where you want to go exit
ship before leaving the safety of your
ship you instruct the little droid to
set a course for xenon where you will
rendezvous later providing of course
that you are successful in carrying out
your mission once again you are on your
own
and off we go rich oh oh my god what I'm
at I'm at a door okay that's exciting
door
you can't see it from here what do you
mean I'm right here look at door it
appears to be a standard airlock there's
a handle in the center opened door you
grasp the large handle and twist nothing
the rather significant amount of pain
being registered one-nothing the rather
significant amount of pain being
registered I'll I haven't seen it yet so
noting noting not nothing sorry oh yeah
yeah you grasp with a large handle and
twist noting the rather significant
amount of pain being registered you are
extremely grateful to hear a click great
was the last time you say I before I
left the ship so I will save as soon
I'll continue uh as you enter the Syrian
ship the airlock door seals itself
behind you you try to open it again
without any success
it appears you are stuck here should I
save or do I need to go back out and do
something I'm not telling you that don't
tell me anything okay I'm gonna say I am
gonna say because you can always go back
yeah we're at 37 now rich by the way for
anyone keeping track your your you're
doing fine
oh great look around you are in an
airlock great leap gurgle pop apologizes
the strange robot as he pushes you aside
oh it's that robot can I go that way no
okay
Hey
what Oh here okay here comes okay there
we go I think you got to follow that
robot okay
oh wait what's this it's like a little
box here look around you are standing in
a large empty room within the seryan
ship on one wall is a vent there is some
sort of trunk on the floor open that
trunk
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo - Doo
look in that trunk it is empty oh by the
way I used to pure instance here rich ok
ok I got into the trunk oh my god that's
amazing
you climb into the trunk the lid pounds
shut above you you hear voices muffled
then louder you suddenly feel the trunk
lift off the deck and a sensation of
movement after a few minutes the trunk
thuds to the floor causing you to see
stars in the darkness the voices are
sound further away than gone oh my god I
did it get Jack you you are now solving
puzzles on instance yes pure instance
get out of Runk as you exit the trunk
you notice that you have lost your jet
pack what now that's some BS I should
look around oh you know I should save
save 38 I don't understand
because Jack is a terrible typist look
around you are in the ship's laundry
facilities mmm what's this open machine
do I need to get in machine or is that
gonna kill me machine look in machine no
come on search okay here we go no no
I kept typoing machine so someone might
be coming you don't have time to stand
around ok well then get in machine oh
yes I did it oh no oh well Jax it
certainly appears as though you're about
to become all washed up yep
Oh No all right I'm dead oh I'm
absolutely dead he washed me to death oh
wait or maybe not yet out you have no
need to do that why not
am i dead wait wait I have to see cuz
I'm I'm behind no well that's right he
put me in the washing machine
get out of my exit and or open door
somehow you managed to survive the rinse
cycle as you emerge from the cleaning
unit you notice that you are dressed in
a ser√≠an battle uniform what a stroke
of genius
now you can wander throughout the ship
without calling attention to yourself
all fuckin right nice nice you know what
I want to do I wanna turn the speed back
to normal it's been on fast this whole
time ok are there anything in his space
pockets oh my god
I'm asking this not remembering so I'm
just curious
this is that's my adventure game
thinking in the pockets of this uniform
is an alien identification card the name
on the card is but stun Freema ok Freema
but stun ok but stun frame you wonder if
this is a common Syrian name look around
cut sworn it
I need to get one of those typing games
to teach me how to type you are aboard
the ser√≠an spaceship there are two
elevators here incidentally Jack you're
doing so well that the Chad is now
saying that you have been upgraded to an
eight brain oh I get it to be an ape
yeah yeah you now have eight brain okay
oh I got an an elevator Ridge okay and
now I'm walking around this is exciting
that I get to be an ape let's see what's
over here oh my god I'm in some sort of
power generator you are inside an
enormous chamber before you stands the
stolen star generator
oh my glory let's talk to this guy dude
right here talk to man leave me alone
I'm guarding two star generator okay
look at a generator before you stands
the star generator you find it hard to
believe that this contraption could save
or destroy an entire galaxy okay so
that's the star generator
there's a guy guarding him he's not
going anywhere I obviously just can't go
up to the star generator with a that guy
there there's also a catwalk what areas
to be above you yeah I think I need to
go into that aisle there oh there's a
guy the last time I saved after I got my
outfit yep okay let's see what this guy
has to say if I go to him talk to man
the guard wrinkles his nose and disgust
leave me alone you he exclaims you smell
like the ventricular portion of a hyper
Klopas obviously this guard has no taste
at all oh damn yeah go get out of here
guard I told you well apparently ever
although Assyrians are dick
heads well they are the villainess I
guess you know what rich
Touche oh speaking of that ready are you
ready for some very exciting I don't
chitchat rich yeah yep give me hit me
with that idle chitchat man
the other day as I often do I was
thinking about Star Wars
okay before the movie starts
do we like before like Darth Vader blows
up the planet right yep why are they bad
guys because because they have the large
ship it will mean looking uniforms yeah
but like what do they do that makes them
the bad guys in the movie this is this
is what I was thinking cause like we're
told they're the bad guys in the opening
crawl right like the evil empire yeah
but what makes them so evil besides like
they're the ruling class I guess writer
because Star Wars is a black and white
till about good and evil and and the
politics in that first movie aren't
really mentioned or important oh yeah
the fact the fact that they present them
as being the the aggressors the powerful
ones the with the mean-looking uniforms
and they're they're shooting at these
guys it's their faces the rebels and
they die they look human not like the
the robotic looking stormtroopers it's
the politics are unimportant oh sure no
and and by the way I absolutely agree
with that and they do a really good job
of showing than being the bad guys like
they're roughing up people they're
blowing up planets obviously right yeah
whoo my rank allows me to have a one
pulse iary unit remember no firing in
the ship have a nice day Prescott I have
a gun press f6 to fire pulse rate rate
what else is on that right ask
let's look like two salt shakers right
let's go see what that is like a desk I
don't understand desk look around
counter look at counter rows of weapons
on the wall tell you that you are in del
Torres armory the del Torres armory
there it wait
oh the deltar is the name of the ship
right yeah caesareans are the aliens the
del Torres the ship yes there's a
service droid behind the weapons the
issues counter look counter there are
two gas grenades sitting on the right
side of the counter well he'll take
granades I'm sorry you may not possess
that device that would be punishable by
death
that was not me leading you I generally
did not remember gas per day it's just
those stood out we cannot we cannot have
the gas grenades oh won't you take them
it won't let me take them or it is
punishable by death if I take them but I
wonder if I leave and I come back if
that robot that goes are you are you
saved I should save ya can you shoot the
robot okay well you know what got me
thinking about Star Wars yeah yeah is is
you talking about a certain Star Wars
game and you know like just thinking
that they're trying to be the good guys
like the Empire right they're trying to
bring peace to the galaxy through you
know killing everyone else but they're
trying to bring their peace yeah alright
let's see what happens if we press f6
okay
the dried explains that although he is
not programmed for death he considers it
extremely rude to fire your weapon
indoors he's conscious you against
shooting so again and now I'm going to
awkwardly leave also good just to make
sure that I can fire the pulse right
with the real oh no no what to do is
there's a droid here there's a droid
here okay but that's okay I mean like I
don't I don't want it to touch me yeah
oh I got away from it great
what
Oh rich I tripped in my helmet fell off
oh no my aren't you the clumsy one
because of your inability to walk
without falling on your face your helmet
is now right in the elevator without you
you've blown your cover the Syrians are
sure to shoot first and ask questions
later
oh no okay where's this no okay that's
fine
can I go get my helmet no that seems
like a thing I know I know listen I know
but it's like it just went in the
elevator and now I went in the elevator
so I should be able to just get it I
have my finger over the fire button you
should see the first thing you do when
you went to any room that was to shoot
yeah if I see it an alien I'm shooting
so should I shoot the a I'm gonna go and
shoot the alien by the star generator
that dickhead was a dickhead we go shoot
him right now shoot him right in the
face
come here you alien dick Oh nope okay
I'm toast
well shit thank you for playing Space
Quest apparently he shoots much quicker
than I do
okay okay so I shouldn't go there oh oh
and now I gotta I'm gonna lose I forgot
to save after losing my helmet that's
okay I just have to walk and lose my
helmet again not a big deal
doo doo doo doo doo oh wait can I fire
my pulse right now I can't it just
doesn't do anything thing if I could
like fire up here at him down there I
fired it at the robot droid if the robot
Droid could laugh which it is not
programmed to do it would do so your
pulse rate is only effective against
living opponents well fine um I'm not
gonna I think I think I got this figured
object yeah yeah I can't I can't tell
you okay now don't tell me I'm good I
have a pulse ray I have grenade over
okay I lost my helmet again
can you shoot that robot no I tried
shooting that robot in it and it left it
said it wasn't programmed to laugh at me
but it wants to alright alright alright
I lost my helmet now I'm gonna save
we're at 40 oh okay great we're at 40
are we here we are okay here we go okay
come on man come on man okay so I don't
want to go into the star generator room
because I'll just get shot just
immediately yeah so I'll go back down
the other elevator and there was a
second elevator so I could go in the
right
Oh oh my god he's out here now what what
are you doing out here jerk
there's more than one alien rich did you
died I died this game this game just got
intense I know I know this is the
exciting conclusion oh is it okay
alright I'm ready
so I should just walk as soon as I go
into the next screen I should just fires
what you're saying and you're you're
yeah you're you're in the exciting
action-packed conclusion yeah all right
oh hi Preston
geez Jack go take some marksmanship
courses and come back and give it
another try in a couple months okay
thank you for playing space quest
all right all right all right
trying again doo doo doo doo doo we
can't check on him like if I go back in
the other screen while you will I can't
even see what other screen you're
talking about now because I'm watching a
little ice so I'm sure you're right I
just I like I went back I'm on the
second floor and I went back to check
and he wasn't there in the first part
he'll probably be there I have an idea
of what you need to do I just don't know
exactly how to do it okay well don't
don't tell me just yet wait til I die a
couple more times and everyone on the
chat gets real frustrated oh they're
already frustrated are they that many
times
nope
you've just been disintegrated by the
Sirians pulse ray perhaps this will
teach you not to loiter about on the
delt or what thank you for playing space
quest well gosh darn it sore knit what's
your idea rich you want to know yeah
what's your idea
Casper nets you think I need those gas
grenades catwalk that is over the guy
yeah drop the gas below
hmm okay that's what I think
I'm going back I'm going back for ya
screams I'm just not sure how you get
the gas grenades from the robot well
perhaps now that my helmet is off he'll
be freaked out nobody freaked out and
call security or something okay I'll
have to have a laser battle okay this is
my phone I'll give it a try
obviously those gas grenades were there
for a reason I also have a plant so I
could eat a plant oh and the rope no but
the robot kills me thank you for playing
space quest let's let's load then the
grub kills you instantly yeah load
before you lost a helmet okay let's try
and get those grenades somehow agreed by
the way agreed going back to save 39
instead of 40 let's take a look at these
gas cranes okay look at counter there
are two gas grenades sitting on the
right side of the counter take
knate knate I'm sorry you may not
possess that device that would be
punishable by death
take grenades anywhere
welcome to the weapons dispensary I will
assist you please supply with oh here
here we go I think I know what to do
I give card okay now the robot goes and
I'll go and I'll take the crazy yeah
yeah yeah big taken boom sweet sorry my
record
that a weapon has already been assigned
to your name well then I guess I'm out
of here
good I was worried you have to reload
before you got the gun in the first
place yeah so good I only got one
grenade she's going to try to get the
other one I don't know just want to fry
yeah
give card the Droid looks over and
responds sorry only one weapon per
person okay I got a grenade so alright
alright okay here we go here we go rich
alright I'm gonna get over the guy here
I'm right over him drop grenade and wait
wait save garnet folks he's learning so
I'm gonna override save 40 is this
technically 41 yes okay so this is
technically 41 all right now drop
grenade Shh oh yes he's gassed the
grenade drops to the floor releasing its
poisonous gas on the unsuspecting alien
good shot jack that's right
all right let's go now you're cooking
with fire now and now this is an
exciting action-packed conclusion do
doop do to do we need some rock and roll
too bad most rock and rollers
copyright-protected
oh oh that's right night-night ripping
phone 1s
okay we don't need that much rock and
roll probably be actually mission
impossible da da da da da da da da da da
da da doot doot doot da da da da da da
da da
you're messing up my opera okay I'm
hovering over that f6 heap okay I'm
ready I'm ready to fire the pulse right
but it's like a how am I gonna just like
lift up the star generator or do I need
to destroy it or something that doesn't
matter whatever you remember what
happened way back one you took a note I
did oh I did take a note it's sitting
here on my desk I tweeted it by the way
it tweeted my note Oh
smart smart thinking I remember what
that you remember what that did that's
right that's the self-destruct yep yep
search body you seem to have found a
remote-control device of some sort oh
nice it has only one button labeled
on/off um press off um look and remote
this is a small remote control unit on
it is a button you wonder what
it controls remotely probably this like
green laser thing right
probably press o button
suddenly the force field protecting the
star generator disappears that's right I
know what's going on okay
I get up there look at enter a tour but
not I spell generator hold on um look at
panel ah here we go enter a code safe
before you do anything you're probably
right
cuz I don't know if you remember it said
once you set that self-destruct you got
you've got six minutes to find an escape
pod oh my god
all right here it is save number 43 the
game is saved I so now code is six I
don't I press the button o press f6 is
okay quaint isn't it six eight five
eight enter detonation cycle has begun
Begum it was probably net but it looked
like the star generator has come alive
the heat that this thing is starting to
generate tells you that it's time to
blow this taco stand all right getting
out of here dude move your ass jack well
you know I can only move so fast rich oh
oh granted I'm a web uh terian you've
just been disintegrated by the Sirians
pulse wave perhaps this will teach you
not to loiter about on the del tour oh
well now crap I have to press the button
again and everything say you can make a
new save right after the bottom yeah
just remember that's the countdown safe
right okay so here we are um six eight
five eight enter get out stupid sound
sorry everybody for that
that's an awful sound sometimes you just
don't know when the sound is gonna be
terrible I'd save this is 44 this is
right after I didn't put the code I'm
getting out of here hovering over epics
I have my gun at the ready
Oh nope I'm toast
you're toast I'm toast he's right there
as soon as I leave as soon as I leave
the door he's right there so a pyramid
spam f6 as you're walking through yeah I
guess hi hi here we go I can I pick up
this body and use him as a human shield
that would be great
it sounds absurd yeah yeah it does I
think you just did to be quicker on the
draw
the minute you start entering the room I
had just just keep hitting up six oh
that's that's my thinking on this I did
it I think okay great I think I did it
oh oh crap
jeez Jaco takes a marksmanship courses
that guy popped out okay I died okay all
right doing it again
we're you know what we're gonna we're
gonna really up these save numbers right
about now by the way that's fine that's
fine that sounds that sounds exciting
yeah all right here we go
here we go so first thing we need to do
is spam out the door here nope
oh now there's a droid out there okay
okay just
I'm just hoping there weren't things we
needed to do before all of this
generator yeah that would be I mean who
knows yeah but dad that would be bad
45 all right oh why would they map it to
f6 because this is one of the earliest
computer games and they didn't know what
the fuck they were doing there pretty
much and they didn't even have the
abilities to like have you remap the
keys all they were thinking was like
remember most of the action takes place
on the keyboard so you can't use any
number keys or letter keys because I'm
tight yeah with those you know so they
had to give it a that you wouldn't be
typing with normal normally okay here we
go
well he walk away I do I just need to be
faster nope okay
I mean a bit of a pickle here rich
what's the pickle is I'm in the elevator
and the sarin can't see me but I can't
shoot fast enough it shoots the second
you come out the second I come out oh
and I'm not even getting an option to
shoot anymore where's my can you go left
instead of rights I think he'll see me
but I can give it try it
oh yeah just the second I come out I'm
toast I am in a real pickle here chance
saying there's no way to kill that alien
without getting out of the lift faster
you might have just picked a poor time
to save I can't always go back and save
yeah is he leaving if I wait here long
enough I can oh I can also just go back
up the elevator oh I can't nope ok
nevermind alright go back going back and
save no problem that's why you have
multiple save points ok I'm back out
here
so then where do I need to go I'm not
sure
I guess I could just try going left if
that gets me anywhere beep all right
here we go
just going left rich just killing left
just going left just going left just
going left I should save right here
46 ok finger on f6 oh I did it I blew up
a guy oh no there's nothing more left
there is nothing more to the left I have
to go down the elevator I have to go
down the elevator rich oh man I died
well that's fine
how do I do this how do I get out of
that elevator shoot quicker I guess oh
okay I did it great you got yeah I got
it
save save you're right you're right
you're right you're right you're right
save 47 I let's see where he came from
nice I just saw it well then what about
that one elevator I mean I could go of
that elevator but there's this whole
area over here too okay
I'm wandering through the Syrian
spaceship I noticed that all right where
am I going here what am i doing
you got you got like four minutes to
figure it out Jack I know I know when
I'm looking around I'm trying to find an
exit I'm wandering there we go let's see
if there's anything down here there's a
droid don't get hit by the droid don't
get hit by the droid don't get Hey
oh man I got hit by the droid okay
darn it kant's or nit restore it's 47
well let's see what happens if you go up
this elevator
oh this looks interesting what's this
thing I can't see it yet I don't know
there's something in here rich and it
looks like a ship
well good look at ship this ship is a
one-man transport vessel get in ship you
swiftly slip into the sleek ship try to
say that three times fast
you swiftly slip into the sleek ship you
swiftly slip into the sleek ship you
swiftly slip into the sleek ship ha ha
um close door that doesn't seem to be
the correct action in this case look
around you are in a shuttle launch bay
bore the serene ship start ship I don't
understand your request
look look panel look at panel you
frantically search the control console
for a launch button aha there it is
press button
I think you did it jack I think I did it
to thank you didn't
oh I got launched oh and and the series
is being destroyed yeah I definitely
miss something I have a score of 195 out
of 202 so it's like I think there's an
alternate way to get around on the step
sure you found the the kite in the trunk
method so nice the del tour has been
blown to tiny fragments by the force of
the star generators blast you have saved
the lives of millions in Europe you have
saved the lives of millions of your
people not to mention the lives of those
in other systems don't get a big head
check you didn't you did pretty good on
the last leg of that yeah like that yeah
I like that
congratulations jack you've rid the
universe of the evil Syrians and saved
your people from certain doom the star
generator technology is safe inside the
data cartridge now a new star generator
can be built and can carry out its
original task you're an all-around hero
you've made you've made it home safely
aboard these stolen Syrian craft where
you've encountered a cheering xenon
crowd they have gathered together for a
ceremony in your honor
the ceremony is already in progress Oh
God yeah Barry Star Wars
your droid is there I might ride is
there as a token of appreciation you are
presented with a golden mop Thank You
Jake for cleaning up our galaxy says the
xenon leader once a janitor always a
janitor thank you for playing space
quest oh that was super fun it's super
fun
okay hold on Chad I'm turning your back
on I can talk to you again oh yeah so
what was the final save number who won
the pool we have 44 45 I forgot what you
read that alone turn the sound off oh no
that was great now J is clapping for ya
thanks that was my first true text
advent text adventure game you know
obviously frog fractions has a special
place but that was just a tiny section
of a game yeah so this was my first real
one what do you think um besides a few
like obvious flaws yes you know the the
gambling part and the the frustration we
had with like the glass being broken I
thought this was fantastic just the the
the sideways thinking event everything
like the figuring out how to what to
type in I really really enjoyed it and
of course you know good jokes good humor
good characters so the chat is
me which Sierra games I have played I
think I've played everyone that's not a
point-and-click great oh and octo Jay is
saying an octave Jay saying Jack now
that you're seeing the chat can you
check your physical keyboard for a FN
key and it does not an Apple keyboard
does not have a function key okay okay
oh no wait and here's a function key
yeah I wonder if that would work it does
have a function key hold on let's see if
it works oh my god it's a comedy routine
oh maybe maybe it would work the answer
is maybe it would work
hi there is an FN key there is an FN key
in between the regular keyboard and
number pad on my Apple keyboard so you
won its space quest I wanted to ask
what's important yes I'm sorry no Jay
I'm sorry I found my function key it
just wasn't it's not where it normally
is it's in between the keypad and the
number pad I'm sorry everybody I'm sorry
I hate can we just remember that I
wanted Space Quest
Victory's turned everybody shitting on
you so yes oh I've been demoted already
to crocodile brain how terrible enjoy
your golden mop Jack Jack galactic
warrior that's right watch for space
quest to listen I'm not gonna play don't
shit your pants I'm gonna I'm gonna just
enjoy the bit of space quest I got we
will play don't shit your pants I'm
making it official not tonight
the Wednesday will be Blood Dragon
when's
they will be our first stream with
riches computer so it's going to be a
literal clusterfuck of technical
problems it absolutely will be fine rich
your graphics card yep
how many monitors can we have out whew I
don't it was a bunch of different ports
I don't know if you can use them all at
once
well I've you know usually I use
whenever I stream I use two one monitor
to kind of keep track of I just from
experience I know I can do at least you
okay I'm almost sure it can do more I
haven't tried but sure like I've got it
on my TV and on my actual desk monitor
okay and yeah you know we can bring in I
can bring in my monitor if you want um
or and then you know we can do stream we
can do HDMI right to the TV we'll figure
that out but I just want to make sure oh
there's an HDMI TV I do HD straight to
the TV yeah will do if you don't want to
lug your monitor around well I figured
that would be one really nice monitor
hello oh well that's not a monitor rich
that's my whole computer oh that's right
yeah well fancy they have one of them
them imax miok so I figure we'll run the
main game to the TV HDMI yep but then we
need some sort of second monitor just to
have open broadcaster and we hook up any
goddamn monitor that's lying around to
that it should work okay no hey listen
if I don't have to bring in things I am
way down for that yeah well we and we
worked out wait we're gonna watch some
magic then we're about it we got Jay we
got you covered
we got me covered yeah part of the point
of buying the PC for me sorry Bob that
kind of shit how do you see apex casket
multiple monitors GE what could go wrong
everything is gonna go wrong right
hopefully we have it mostly sorted out
we're gonna you know I'm used to the
software now I know how to set it up
it's just setting it up on Ritchie's
computer and that's gonna be the fun of
it um I know it's your whole computer
but just in accuracy what size is your
monitor 27 okay I have a 27-inch Apple
iMac it's nice and I have a second it's
it really is it's a bad thing
it's a beautiful thing but I mean you
know when you're on it 14 hours a day
you get an idea you get a nice one yeah
so I have that and then I have kind of a
cheapo monitor that I align vertically
as you know rich but I'm just telling
the chat this so I have you know I have
my main monitor that my main monitor
that is landscape and then I have a
vertical monitor one that I've rigged up
to be vertical because when I'm editing
there are a ton of like bins and project
folders and all that stuff that kind of
scroll better vertically so I have a
vertical monitor which is really nice
but um yeah a 27-inch CRT Ryan they're
calling me a figurehead of the
Illuminati and out for some reason Oh
are well probably why I don't know
wrench I mean who cares I'm just I
wanted to know how big your monitor is
someday I would like to have one like it
it's a very nice monitor and yeah I
think you can yeah one day one day one
day what they they make just the Apple
the straight-up Apple monitors but
they're incredibly and I might say
ridiculously expensive but you can just
buy like the standard Apple monitor yeah
I want to say it's as much as a computer
though they're ridiculously expensive
well I'm sure other people just made
regular old monitors nice bag Zack
yeah Robert Bazaar jaw has a very
important question around when is the
next prereq episode going to be out um
I'm hoping I can have something nicely
edited by tomorrow I'm gonna I'm gonna
really push tomorrow morning to have an
edit done and then I will talk to Jay
about when is the appropriate time to
release it I don't know what there's
there's something else coming up so yeah
so there's other things coming up sooner
so I'm hoping to have it done in the
next couple of days and then we'll see
when it will be released it's gonna be a
long one rich and I will talk about a
lot of games but it's good know I do and
I do not have the retina 5k 27 inch iMac
my iMac is old this is an old computer
but uh well as Jay was I don't know if
he's still in the chat but somebody's
asking about nuki and for J sake I will
answer for Jay and said yes we
definitely need more new keys it's we're
really close guys just a couple more new
keys and we'll be good to go but thank
you for your concern soon we will rule
the world I mean soon we will have
enough new keys absolutely absolutely
is prereq going to have a boob cam yes
absolutely you will be able to see I'm
gonna say my left boob we will have a
dedicated camera just to my left boob
it'll be great jack-jack we all know
they want to see my boobs that's why I'm
gonna show them mine I'm not gonna play
any FTL
oh there's J and we need at least five
more movies thank you James
ooh we'll prereq have a dedicated dick
cam no no face cams we've already said
that you people I know they're funny
they're very funny sometimes okay uh
well I think I think that's gonna do it
I think I think we did it rich oh yeah
that was fantastic I think so and we got
through that last portion a lot quicker
and I thought we would actually yeah no
no I was thinking oh shit the stream is
gonna go on for a while I was really
worried to win once we couldn't once you
couldn't like get on the spaceship I'm
like you know oh yeah no look I was
really worried during the gambling
portion before like and by the way if we
wouldn't have gotten that cheat we would
have still been gambling yeah yeah
percent 100% it's hard for me to
complain about this game yeah because I
grew up at this game mm-hmm it's hard
for me to say that yeah yeah and you
know that's once again
padding is something that we can
complain about now but back in the day
they had to we can we can look at it
through nostalgia and colored glasses
and I think I think it was a lovely
experience and sitting here in my games
folder is Space Quest 2 & 3 how weird
how weird so I'm guessing that we will
revisit the series nice Oh John Kela
just came back and found out that we got
past the bar yeah janky Oh someone gave
us a gambling cheat so we got past the
bar there's not just Space Quest though
Jack there's there's the fucking police
quest games there's quest for glory
Leisure Suit Larry one maybe we should
play the police quest games
please quest one with me why don't you
work ahead yeah yeah
I don't remember liking three as much
but I'm a weirdo what does like point
and click okay well hey I'm down with
police quests and there's there's also
Leisure Suit Larry I think once they
have seen that I don't know if I've ever
waited but well if you've seen the one
that graphically it looks very similar
to this space quest oh I don't know if
I've seen it I seen that oh cool yeah
I'm talking about the original it's it's
same style of game like plate you played
the same way a Space Quest but your goal
is just to lose your virginity that's
your goal and Leisure Suit Larry if
someone is asking a very important
question on whether or not jack is
emulating and technically I don't
believe I am I we we got these games I
bought these games off of GOG calm
technically it is I'm sure you're not
emulating the game so much as you're
emulating the operating system right I'm
emulating the dosbox yes
but we did purchase these games
legitimately through gog.com we got them
on sale during the stream yesterday we
mentioned like Space Quest 1 2 & 3 we
got for five bucks on GOG this is great
so so no the games are purchased
legitimately technically emulation but
you know but legitimately so it's okay
chance mentioning the quest for glory
games some some of my favorites but they
can be a little a little bit grindy
first ring okay okay
we should play we should play Leisure
Suit Larry and then we should play you
know one of the very first do you
remember one like flash games were like
the big thing what were these game there
were these games there were these games
that were called like like Jake's quest
or something like that and there were
flash games and you played as this guy
Jake and you were trying to get laid
completely unfamiliar with that somewhat
someone in the chat is gonna have to
help me out here I remember playing a
ton of these because my cousin's name is
Jake and he founded these games that
were just like like Jake trying to get
laid and of course we were teenagers so
we thought they were hilarious
um Oh what were they called come on come
on chat help me
you played as Jake and they were
basically like choose-your-own-adventure
point and click games you know very
simple but but the the whole thing was
like doing the right thing so you would
get laid at the end that was always it
boner quest right something like that no
it was like it was something like Jake
Jake was in the title sure I have never
heard of this
oh I we wasted is so much time on these
games I'm googling it right now
Jake's goddamnit the lights my Christmas
tree are going bad sex I'm about to
Google some weird thing booty call
Jake's booty call Thank You ox Oh J oh
yeah I don't know if that's his
classiest Leisure Suit Larry the bra no
no they were in fact not classy at all I
want to say there could have been like
naked drawn on boobies but I forget okay
it's good so long
Jake's booty call so we'll play the
classy Leisure Suit Larry and then we'll
play some Jake's booty call
these games were awful but that sounds
like a terrible night yeah yo Jay Jake's
quest for five more new key tapes that's
exactly what it was called Thank You Jay
you get Union yeah I'll see if I can if
you can see this this is from the wicket
Oh God
here can you see that Jake's booty call
this is straight from the Wikipedia
you'll see in a second yeah that's what
it was okay yeah I've never seen this
you've never seen a man no oh man we
played that all the time it was great it
was great because we were teenagers and
you know you got the see is he spiking
that woman's drink um no he's pointing
he's pointing at the camera I hope so
that's terrible no and I know I don't
think any of them like you never had to
spike drinks but there was like in one
of the missions you know you had to like
give a girl a drink but if you gave her
too much to drink she would puke and
wouldn't want to have sex with you but
she needed at least one drink to start
dancing cuz she liked dancing or
something yeah something stupid like
that okay it's all stupids they're
terrible but you know when you're young
the things you like when you're young
space vagrant says Bill Cosby simulator
oh it's a there are some allegations
there are some allegations I cannot
comment ok so it stood more terrible
than murdering countless people rich
yeah I think I think I think rape is far
creepier than one in its context of the
game then then just killing people in a
game oh sure I suppose it's very that's
extremely squeaky yeah yeah I'm gonna
say yes I suppose you like usually in a
game when you're killing someone like
there's usually like a reason for the
killing right there's a bad guy or
whatever right I don't think you ever
try to rape anyone in a game no and and
I don't there there was no raping in
Jake's booty call it was all about
treating your lady nice to get the booty
if I remember correctly but now the
stream is taking a turn for the weird so
we're gonna call it I think that's a
good idea
all right so everybody thank you so much
for coming out and finishing space quest
number one with us we really appreciate
it thank you to the new subscribers and
I think there were some new subscribers
if not and I don't you know thank you i
doing I think there were a few thank you
to all the old subscribers and thank you
to everyone else who came out we really
appreciate it
but according to Jay go a pack go I can
only assume he's talking about me right
yeah go Pat go to hell no no he's
talking about me oh go head go Packard
go is what he meant like he was like
good job on space quest jack okay that's
acceptable anything that I think so yeah
great good great
