Sep 14, 2014
VVVVV, Shovel Knight
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47829807
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47829270
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47833118
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47829981
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TafClO1wOrE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnAX7pmdiXs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCacCXPztDY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glthN7Hv_U8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/511203467621584896
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/511324405511626752

[Part I]
so now we're all audible now we're all
honorable welcome back everyone play
checkers I'm not gonna play checkers
unless I can find a way to play rich in
checkers oh you can go to pogo.com
I think they have a checkers I'm just
saying I'm just saying it's
theoretically possible sure I think that
finishing shovel mine is something that
I would like to cross off of my list all
right I think that sounds like the
smartest city so you're hearing the
clacking of me taking taking off my xbox
controller and plugging in my NES
controller I will turn off we will turn
off this beautiful music here quick game
all right what else have we got here
play solitaire I would love to play
solitaire sir gimpy but just not gonna
play something against each other maybe
in some other time yeah I think well we
can get that working one of these days
coordinate that ahead of time figure out
we want to play that would be the
important part yeah all right oh my god
what am i doing
shovel knight shovel knight here it is
oh I should have did the stream jack and
a half was Jack and wrench Shola that's
not a spell shovel I'm drunk I'm just
I'm still drunk from bowling yesterday
oh my god you were getting drunk oh yeah
that's that's why you're your third game
was awful you think Jack Jack went from
bowling like a 140
it's a bowline like a 70 it was
absolutely terrible and I mean I did a
little this morning but it was one of
those things my wife dropped me off I
knew I wasn't driving at home so it's
like well I guess I'm drinking tonight
have you forgotten to shout out to the
people subbing um Jack's paying
attention to the game and I'm I'm
guessing dumb I don't know I haven't
noticed if if there are new subs what
does it say it doesn't do stuff it'll
show up like you know how all the other
people have like coloured names yeah a
little text will show up that says you
know someone so subbed and then usually
usually uh well well a regular mod see
that or do you have to like be logged in
as the channel or what how does it work
I think everyone sees that actually
button okay but yeah you so you should
definitely see it I haven't noticed I
genuinely have not noticed yeah if we
have a new subscriber thank you we
appreciate it
yes shout-out to whoever subscribe you
may possibly be I don't know for sure if
you are a real person thank you and if
you're not I also thank all of our other
subscribers jack is hyped for new Smash
Brothers I don't think you can oh Jesus
hold on that might be loud ever I'm
gonna fix that noise right away I just
muted rich to everyone I can still hear
you rich but they I muted you for you
I muted you for them because the game is
gonna be way too loud and we're going to
fix that we're going to fix that I'm
fixing it right now
and is it
showing
okay all right there's the video for you
Jesus that's loud what all right
ha absolutely that's it okay hold on
oh you in rich rich was making jokes and
you guys didn't get to hear it
now you can hear it you'll never hear
those jokes huh
captain molar thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate that have a pizza
off how's the audio everyone can you
hear me you can hear rich is the game
still too loud change them oh yeah oh
that's way too low okay now tell me as
of right now
in the year 20xx can you hear me can you
hear it
and hear the game and are all the levels
acceptable to your ears
keeping in mind I will probably only
listen to people with a pizza roll or
with a moderator sword next to the name
please name your shovel management
sounds good
Maura Maura yes sounds good okay
excellent here we go then start in the
game
yo yo great I love it
our knight's name is audio issue because
when we started this adventure we were
having audio issues oh oh that name okay
I was confused for a second yeah you see
the name yeah okay wait are my are all
my flims and flam's filled if we go to
triple loop on there oh my somebody with
the pizza rolls saying where's rich
is there an audio problem with me chat
is there an audio problem with me how do
you issue how fitting it's specifically
an audio problem because I know I have
many problems I mean you all should be
able to hear rich right I want to Jim
Jax Jim I'm sorry I'm married no rich we
can hear you yeah they can hear you I
like I like fidelity like what who's
that bad that's funny I'm getting
getting nose and yes is that whatever
it's fine I'm sure it's fine I'm hearing
I'm seeing yeses rich coming in loud and
clear thank you sir game pea we're gonna
forgive you okay
okay all right did I hide it update the
stream okay great
oh fuck you I can hear rich but still
waiting for jokes uh-huh nobody don't
get them all the jokes are gone you
missed it
rich had a very funny joke about you
know I did too it's lost forever lost
forever lost forever you're using the
gold armor which just is the flashy one
yeah all right all right you could use
something that's actually useful but nah
but that's you know what that's a valid
reason it's it's more fun because it
just literally tells you like this armor
is pointless so that's kind of
oh Jesus Christ very different game than
vvvvvv can your brain give used to it it
can know our family not all right have
like the little propeller thing that
I'll help me I have things that will
help me
tell her things the best yeah yeah that
oh fuck I forgot about that
official oh my god Oh Jack Jack rich I
died already
I know oh my god no the stream is pretty
pretty close to what I'm actually
playing really yeah that's weird
oh no no it's not it's actually really
far away from what I'm playing but it
just so happened that I died at the same
spot where I died
oh yeah okay that's really fun that's
really interesting so spoiler alert you
know I'm gonna die well we all will Jack
stop stop getting hit by that thing that
you've probably already gotten by it
fine if you know what you're doing I
never know what I'm doing so will will
you beat this tonight or will you give
up in frustration oh that's a good
question
I think I think I have time I think I
have time to beat this tonight rich have
you considered playing toejam and Earl
why would I
yeah you guys are you know maybe none I
say that and I haven't played it I
remember being fun
yes earthworm jim is very cool no no
need damn it damn it damn it
buddy I hear all this button mashing
going on my screen you're standing still
right now you'll see in a second free
fucking jacket rich what is your take on
these surgeons of zombie survival games
like dayz rust and such obviously
there's some market out there for it
Daisy looks like it would just be boring
to me I could see being into it I don't
know much about the other one this is
what I want to bring up I never hear
people talk about there's a 2d zombie
survival one called Project Zomboid
that's why I heard it first actually
kind of liked that one yeah yeah I'm
yeah I am kind of done with zombies in
general oh yes like I said that when I
saw the trailer for Dead Island 2 yeah
and it was just sick of it but Project
Zomboid looks promising sure it's hard
for me to care
any-anything zombie why it should be so
oversaturated yeah it's and it's like
Daisy Daisy could be fun if that's your
life you know like if if you're
dedicated to Zeta Daisy it could be
super fun but then you also have to be
dedicated to Daisy
but I I keep up I keep up with it with
the forever development that is Daisy
because I'm I will be interested when it
comes out but there's a second that's
another one that has been in development
for ever - it's been in development for
so long and when it actually does come
on I don't know if anyone notice it just
looks it just looks boring no you know
it's that's one of those where it takes
the survival element to the degree where
you know you really have to survive and
is it is it so focused on the survival
aspect and avoiding other players that
the zombies are a moot point like what's
what's the point of even having zombies
just have it be post apocalypse the game
and kind of kind of but but you know
this out it's this date I mean a son Boy
Project Zomboid I'm in 2d sprayers like
thousands of zombies on the screen wow
that was actually kind of neat Daisy
just looks boring
oh and see I kind of feel the opposite I
feel like Daisy the interesting part is
interacting with with other people oh I
can help you know the interesting part
will be the stories you tell you're
acting with other people walk up to you
and shoot you in the face
Yeah right and you don't like
interacting with other people I hate it
I absolutely hate it very clear as to
why you feel
the way new oh my god you're you're
commenting on how terrible I am yeah
yeah and I don't disagree with you I'm
not doing well it's it's it's a rough
transition going from BBV to this I'm
not I'm not gonna blame you know poor
craftsman blames on schools I'm not
gonna wait 20 Bears sorry we did playing
again 49ers okay is that is this an
important game well it's only the second
one okay they're a good team so I guess
it's important it's important that they
win and yeah sure okay you know what
I'll Road for the Bears because you know
I don't expect you to give a shit you
don't have to go that's that's fine
that's really good
you know usually for me it's just like
who do I root for who you know do I care
about
just don't want to I just don't want to
fall I fell last time right
and so I doing something really boring
and I'm taking my time don't forget you
don't forget your Pogo jump on those
those weasel guys oh my god I totally
did I think they're brats
that's fine whatever they are you can
bow go jump on them oh I'm sure that's
what you're supposed to do I'm a big
dumb dummy that's that's what you're
totally supposed to do
this is nuts are you talking about the
Griffin yeah it's nuts if you're right
next to him the fireballs won't hit me
you gotta watch out for the swipe right
but the fireballs will go over your head
if you're standing right next door I'm
just gonna I'm gonna throw anchors at it
this is my plan
and as you wish oh fuck a bomb just one
of those I didn't want to do that that
might blow your dick off okay fuck a
bomb it sounds like a horrible way to
castrate yourself I haven't even gotten
to a checkpoint yet
I suck at games people have been telling
me for so long that I suck at games and
I've refused to believe you until now oh
man
Stream is currently a slideshow for me
so is it a slideshow my terrible oh okay
oh my god I was trying to okay
apparently it's terrible for a lot of
people and everyone's getting lag okay
not just that happens sometimes this is
why we should really look forward to
Amazon oh yeah I am I'm a big dumb dummy
oh my god rich what happened I'm
terrible yes the game I can see that so
this level starts off with that look
that you have to Pogo on in order to
open up the things it's the game telling
you you need to Pogo on things like not
just not just the propeller things but
also the magma fish that jump up you get
Pogo on and so it's just I was not
listening to the game my fault entirely
I was not listening to the genius of the
game and I suck at everything and I'm
sorry for sucking at everything
shit
maybe throw an anchor at oh shit okay
it's alright
I really love the anchor anchor is one
of my favorite weapons yeah the air
sword all the way - sword whatever it's
called yeah yeah all right I guess I
guess shovel Knight has a sword after
all busy
the thing is the flying one the
propeller I suppose is a sword you can
you can stab enemies with it
okay I do look good enough for Scrooge
McDuck good enough for shovel knight ho
jump on to something
oh sure alright I got you
I want to get up there now I can't
everything is terrible like a bonus no
okay oh fuck yes a checkpoint you
finally got one thank God I got a
checkpoint thanks fucking christ
honestly ask your mother
refresh rate you when you get hit you
vanished completely
yeah instead of glowing oh fuck oh fuck
oh I'm dumb break it jack break it no I
don't think jack will be breaking any
checkpoints I don't think that's gonna
be happening
do I dare no he does not get on oh honey
what are you doing what I mean oh then
we are you talking to past me yeah I'm
talking the past
yes Jack what what did you do hahaha
I keep forgetting oh my god this is good
this is gonna take all night
this is absolutely gonna take all night
I can tell by how well I'm doing so far
this is a 4 a 4 checkpoint stage you'll
you'll you'll get it I know I know I do
the next one is shouldn't be then okay I
think I think there's a tough section at
the beginning of the next one I was
doing some of the other stages just in
one try when I was super into it and
you'll see again a depth that I'm about
to have for you you'll you'll never get
the achievement for beating this game on
one lies Oh God well X having a bad time
well past you seems to be doing okay
yeah but you're not there yet you're not
to the most recent then back saw the
signs and I wasn't taking my time I
didn't hunker back slow and steady Jack
Oh slow and steady Christ I almost died
again wait how are you supposed to do
that
you know you near the spot you died
before I'm assuming right now yeah
there's that that that little ledge
underneath yeah I think you have to go
down and then back out yeah you'll see
it on my next steps I did that but then
when I came back up I died again because
I couldn't make it in time weird I'm
sure there's a way I'll figure it out
I'm sure I'll figure it out it feels a
little cheap that death felt a little
cheap okay I I don't remember
specifically however fine
that's okay I'll figure it out fYI
stream I I have beaten this one right
I forgot we were Street oh shoot the
shit with you right right what fucking
hell sure to like fucking help hustling
makes you feel better sometimes
oh yeah stuff yeah yeah when I ran into
the spikes you got crushed through where
I'm looking at no I ran into spikes
maybe not I think so yeah no I didn't
get crushed I ran into the spikes
I left eye's okay okay III can picture
that now I'll have to my cover too soon
and that's why I think that I think that
one I felt sounds a little cheap okay
yeah I'll figure it out I'll figure it
out
I'm sure or not or I'll die oh my either
way hopefully it's entertaining for
those logic whether I figure it out or I
died
captain boy says I like fucking dude
well that's weird captain Muller still
some people are into that no you know
let's uh I don't judge I don't judge I
absolutely do judge supposed to do here
inch are you faster when you use the the
air - oh maybe air - yeah but you don't
need the air - you should probably
incredibly not I'm not sure I'm just I'm
just throwing something out I'm not sure
if that's right there or not I mean yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna do that that's
that's smart that's smart but you
shouldn't need that to do any uh plan
for me rich if you had the choice
between being the top ex-con player in
your field or getting mad cow disease
which would it be
mm-hmm that's a tough one right I'm
already the top ex-con player in my
field so I don't know what you're
talking about
right if your field is red letter media
you're definitely the top ex-con play
but you know mad cow disease that's
pretty that's you kinda want that right
no you really don't it's it's incurable
in a horrible way to die oh is that the
one that's incurable pretty sure it is
yes so many of them
you get to die and go and say right know
by the way I couldn't - I couldn't -
you're gonna see that in a second
okay it got you killed again yeah I've
got me killed again in the exact same
fucking spot where the shot where the
show absolutely worth the shot yeah
things like that's one of the things is
you're you're technically able to beat
this game without any of the power-ups
and I'm gonna figure it out and feel
really dumb I'm sure art are you jumping
up under that ledge on its way back up
are you just running straight ahead oh
maybe that's my problem
maybe I'm just running straight ahead
okay yeah I'll try jumping up on it to
give me a little boost give me a little
boost to boost agustí boost the fruit
eat fruits - used saying words that
rhyme just make me feel better hey Jack
jump you fuck you have to jump jump okay
yeah platform rises up I've been I've
been heaven dine here for 20 minutes
people Jack would you rather have Ebola
or be forced to play destiny can
somebody please tell me what's so
special about destiny other than the
fact that it's an FPS that you can't use
a mouse on because consoles are just
stubborn and weird that way what is
special about that game I don't get it
I'm with you Oh what I know you did my
point of view I wasn't sure if you're
gonna make it here oh okay sure
I might be I made it
no you know I so just because it's from
the halo people which I didn't think was
especially mind-blowing in the first
place okay right okay yeah I and you
know I was just talking to someone about
this about halo in general and it's like
halo is fine it is a perfectly
acceptable game you know I don't
understand that I don't understand the
law Dacian end of the hate for halo it
was fine it's a fine game you know it's
a decent FPS has some neat enemies
it's like quake 2 with worst controls
and lamer enemies surestep is that it's
deal ok I'll give that that's fair but
but yeah so I don't under I both don't
understand the love and the hate for
Halo and I'm sure destiny is going to be
perfectly average yeah and people shit
on us for liking indie games Jack why I
don't know indie games you get something
new or you have the opportunity to get
something new yeah
that's new that's what you have to do if
you apparently don't want to play a
third person shooter yeah yeah
absolutely and it's like I I I'm sure
destiny is going to be okay
that's my glowing review of destiny I'm
sure it'll be okay that's why I have no
interest in playing it because I'm sure
it will be exactly okay and I like to be
either hugely disappointed or pleasantly
surprised by hands use your air - that
might help you get over to that other oh
sure sure
I'm not even still there no I've moved
on okay
I've used one of my can you reflect when
he keeps saying I keep giving advice
then I realized oh you're probably well
past that oh you use a potion yeah I did
lovely premise shit
I I was I had to hell oh you know what I
just found the chicken I found the
chicken too late Ridge would have been
much better
sure damn it a dad and a dad I don't
know like des destiny is a game I almost
want to play because of because everyone
and their mother is talking about it
yeah we're just we got shit for
titanfall can you imagine destiny how is
Jesus you're right I'm hey don't know I
don't know if I want to deal with that
no I'm a hundred percent certain that it
will be the exact same situation
he's us going yeah it's fine little
boring but it's fine everything's fine
I don't understand how people can still
get excited over that game when somebody
liked it but don't understand Richard
Space Marines
it's Space Marines and you shoot at each
other like Space Marines but they had to
do something really interesting with
Space Marines did you know that they can
I play one of my old games with space
brains that you read at 7:20 another $70
they shoot at each other in 1080p I've
got a computer My Space Marines already
blown past all this blowing past all
this don't care about any of that we
never had a game with Space Marines
there is actually a game called
Space Marines who say we're never in a
gaming space Caspar okay yeah so they're
just wrong yeah yeah
oh shit oh shit we've never had a game
with you no white male Space Marines
defeating aliens that's true yeah get
out of here
I feel bad like just blowing by everyone
there I'm not old
we've got a schedule it just makes more
sense also just think there's no reward
I guess no reward that I'm looking for
you feel like you're playing dark souls
run first of all yes yes that's exactly
what I feel I can play no that's how you
beat the game you just run past everyone
isn't that fun yes I have issues Dark
Souls oh here is the Black Knight stop
your meddling and turn back now this is
your last chance
check question rich Cubs White Sox or
Arizona Diamondbacks sure surely you've
seen me on some show we've done with
with my White Sox cap that that should
answer that question oh shit I bet you
wish you had that potion champ
um yes that potion would have been nice
it's pluck yeah yeah a little pot is it
is it much of a spoiler what's going on
have you figured it out by now cuz I
figured it out a while ago in this game
I you know what i knowing you that makes
perfect sense
I gotta go find my beloved right she's
dead I'm not saying anything okay I
don't use that might have been always
always be anchoring what please yeah I
hate it still hitting with my anchor
shit shit definitely gonna die yep died
okay didn't even come close to beating
the water hmm okay
but that's okay we're just gonna try
again that's fine
oh yeah actually I don't even know what
the want is okay I don't know what my
mission is
it's so weird to me that you completely
ignore all that stuff like you know what
part of it is the fact that I have I've
only been playing this in the stream and
it's been weeks you know like I play
this that's part of it I'm sure I do
get out of here messing up my world rich
sorry nice fine when she got the patter
down he's fine yeah you love that anchor
though you know why it kills it it works
I got I did better at that time oh
that's right I was I was also using the
the better armor that charges up your
attacks though I'm sure now the anchors
good I gotta get more I gotta get more
head jumping I'm pretty good at head
jumping in general there we go and I get
those combo jumps and I think actually
what my shovel is like the Cowboys jump
one where the more I can consecutively
jump on his head to more damage oh wow
everybody get out of here you damn cool
night
he's like the dark version of me rich
okay this game so wants to be Mega Man I
mean me a little bit a little bit I did
it by the way I beat him and Biddy did
you did you really you can't reach her
you may be right
she may already be lost by now surely
you see who I'm trying to save I do do
you know a way to bring her back I
haven't tried anything beyond words her
magic is so powerful I don't have the
courage go just don't hurt her or you'll
have to answer to me
wait what who's her The Enchantress is
really it's the twist jack oh yeah we're
there am spikes
how many spikes did you go get a potion
before you started this you probably
should have I mean I can always leave
and go get a potion okay okay
which I mean I probably want to do oh my
god yeah let's just do that there's some
tricky stuff in here but I remember this
particular stage thing pretty short okay
what I want to do is actually kind of
waste this potion so I can have to sure
to fill up everything potions and then
what I want to do is okay yes you're
right rich Phillipa potions that would
be wise
you're smart you're you're thinking
you're thinking about the game aid me
refills help and magic yes spit into my
cup giant fish aid me okay what do you
mean I can't carry anymore
let me see if the chats go nuts because
I spoiled shovel knight haha
Oh God just talking about your leeks and
nude photos well then we already know
about those they actually sent those
back to me
they wouldn't allow they didn't want
anything to do with them
too sexy I can't figure out I was
supposed to do this exactly that time
the note actually said my eyes oh god my
eyes nice nice huh you don't know you
don't know and you know what that's fine
you don't have to know I'm gonna figure
this out
uh-oh sir give pious mad at me oh no
what'd you do I spoiled the shovel died
well mr. Canby I I apologize we were
going to spoil it in a couple minutes
anyway as we're playing
and because I didn't remember like what
was going on anyway it's not really a
spoiler because I didn't know what was
going on anyway rich what's the ending
of space cop
ah that's you guys think you're being
funny there is no ending yet we're still
working online Mike and Jay won't tell
me what the ending is and we filmed it
already do you mean that you filmed
multiple endings don't know I just I
just mean we fumble over just the one I
just one of the random scenes that you
filmed yeah I don't know which one
I haven't seen a full script they just
give me a few wines at a time I don't
know if I've ever seen a full script for
anything I've ever done with red letter
media putting that out there yeah yeah
actually I don't know if I've ever seen
us that's not everything's terrible
dying I'm losing well you're probably
passed them out so don't worry you doing
something but I find terribly odd what
was I doing it for a reason
no you're saying if something was on top
of some blocks it was kind of oh yeah
well you know can you can it's fine
let's yes if you can get on top of
blocks then you should write that's work
now you're just kind of standing under
lava yeah yeah I've nothing too bad oh
oh that's right the vomiting oh oh my
god dammit dammit dammit I forgot about
these things
another downfall of only playing the
game once every three weeks yeah I
forget
as a special at all the secrets like for
you like the rainbow vomiting statues
which are my favorite thing in the game
as they oh you're just getting there
right now yeah I just figured out what
they were the rainbow the rainbow
vomiting statues I believe if you hit
the guys with the platform they'll die
you are correct thank you oh okay you
what it what do you do even are you the
little samurais that come out of a
ceiling the ceiling goo samurais can
just go ahead and eat a dick I dislike
them
oh my god I just died - another one
fucking sake for fucking sake Ridge what
are we gonna do what are we gonna do
nothing except except death and defeat
and give up that sounds reasonable
you know I think that's the plan

[Part II]
how about instead of that I hit it with
anger how about you how about you going
lower when the samurais start jumping
down at you they'll give you more time
to react and jump back onto platforms
and things I hit it with an anger okay
okay that was my plan and I think it
worked
shit shit okay oh hey hey
hey rich there's the thing there's a
thing there's a sparkly thing I'm gonna
go I'm gonna take a little break and go
fishing oh oh oh that time that perfect
hit by fire oh I know I know you you
rock that anchor Jack I do
oh shit that's so odd to me but it works
for you you know it's it's the it's the
weapon I understand the most I think I
get it I get it travel path so that's
what I'm choosing
the the chat is screaming my name and I
don't know why rich yeah yeah we need
your opinion Oh what do they need your
opinion on it really just just for
Chatam, Channing Tatum as Gambit 
I don't give a fuck they could dig up
Telly Savalas to play them for all I care
I don't know Kojak I'm going I don't
know why my brain went there but it did
my brain went to Telly Savalas Kojak Oh
Kojak
oh yeah he would be a great gambit when
you said Kojak you know what I heard but
go Jack oh no no as if you were being
like get a move on you know right 
this part is really important jack 
well go Jack go yay how's
that that's I'm looking for yeah I want
to see the ending of this game again use
the - you - through all your eye you
know what not only am i pass it I did is
that confirmed by the way that Tatum
Channing is I don't know if I care for
him just in general
what's the next x-men movie they're even
scared of doing that's a better question
oh
they've done Days of Future past that's
one of the big stories yeah they already
kind of did the the Dark Phoenix bit
well listen we're just gonna all pretend
as if x-men last and did not does not
exist so they can redo that one no
Roberson in the face of the earth who
didn't absolutely hate last and then
again I'm not a big x-men fan to begin
with so compare I mean you have to admit
then like going from X to the last stand
was quite a drop in quality I gotta say
the right you're at the most awesome
part of this game right I'm really
excited about that I was gonna wait for
our x-men conversation to wrap up before
I know I know I just wanted to point
that out real quick yes I see all of the
all of the head nights that I've
defeated it in past are all sitting at a
table mm-hmm all right this game wants
to be mega men
oh shut the fuck up I don't want to
fight all these guys again wait I hit a
blast in the say my name say my name one
of the Knights said this is rich ha ha
ha ha just gonna keep jumping on your
head man
I believe the order is random um you
know what order they face you sure just
don't do too bad eventually they will
give you chicken okay I like chicken I
forget if it's every other one but
you'll get some chicken okay well I got
one down okay I'm just gonna jump on his
head
that's my only plan just to jump on his
head you weren't this easy where you had
like a second form yes I have to face
both of his forms to I don't remember
the answers yes we're too much of a boss
fight if you didn't right should the
x-men's be rebooted again well that's
the fate of all movies so it will be
eventually one way or the other it's
just gonna happen all right a man's
gonna be rebooted a third time's
Batman's going on his turf redo it
Superman's had a couple right right as
long as they can make money out of it
they will reboot it yes they will reboot
it they will do whatever the fuck they
think will make them the most money
there we go okay fucking some chicken
give me some chicken I need some chicken
I'm far in the past but hey I'm assuming
you beat this big robot guy I beat the
big robot guy huh I like him yeah all
the other night boss designs are really
nice
really nice I forgot which one one they
had some kind of contest to pick which
boss it was but you're gonna be able to
play as one of the knights oh yeah yeah
I know they finally got done with the I
don't think that was an extra content
backer of this game so I get all the
come on get him out of here you fuck I
hate how you're all way up here there we
go here we go
jump on I said jump on is it always be
shoving on heads
Chad is all about the the comic book
movies yeah yeah read should there be a
Wolverine vs Thor movie sure no not
ultimately good it was good it was it
was smart home yeah yeah one little grin
was sent in to take out smart Hall it
was nice okay this guy this guy I can
take I can take you
I say that oh shit oh shit I'm still not
sure you're gonna get through sight
light right oh okay are you glad you
have those potions
I'm very yeah
very happy about chicken being a thing
in general and video games
get out of here King Knight now is
Thor's hammer made out of metal if so
and magneto moving he can they dealt
with that in Ultimate Avengers really ok
ok yes it is that's an ultimate now
that's ultimate is all I don't know
about regular it's made out of some like
mythical of metal right like booth or so
I'm gonna fucking I mean it's a it might
be magic none non-magnetic sure sure
that could be a thing that could be a
real bang and uh Oh actually no it
wasn't all right there was a civil war
oh yeah yeah I don't saw that in Civil
War magneto broke into the Avengers
Tower and Iron Man was there
Captain America through his shield and
forward through his hammer and he laughs
rich what do you think about the space
cop reboot starring Andrew Garfield I
think I think it's gonna be awful yeah
you don't think that Andrew Garfield can
pull it off no I'm not sure what he can
pull off I haven't seen anything other
than spider-man other than mannequin and
I know he can't pull off spider-man
that's all I know
and here apparently I rank tank
monograms no he's wait he has a way
sexier boys than that this is my
personality that's right he doesn't try
to Psalm that nerd no oh no are you
still fighting the the jumping guy with
the explode ease jump yeah that's plague
man yeah okay I just been fine men oh
man do I lose next fight your name did I
play a fireman I mean obviously I did
why don't you get chicken it's like a
chicken I'm fine
Oh mole night that's right
okay I'm breasts have any of the chicken
things been bombs no not yet okay
not yet but I can only assume that all
now that you say it I can only maybe
it's only if you you've left one go too
long I don't know hey maybe I'm wrong I
kind of remember getting a a bombing a
couple of those but I'm gonna I'm gonna
get him I got him
I got this maybe nope nope not at all
not at all don't got it though
oh my god oh my god no no you're not
gonna give me fuckin come on there we go
fuckin hell that was a close one just
after I said I got it all of course oh
oh this is kind of mean no no give us a
hand shovel knight' you wouldn't leave
us to hang out here would you here
oh oh that helped them I didn't want to
help them you're a knight man oh do me
your honor bound I don't know I I helped
them I don't know if you can choose not
to I be fun I was trying to shovel the
chain they were chaining they were
hanging on I'm sorry I'm sorry
enchantress okay all right you talk
about people and you're saying some
bullshit I don't care about any of this
I know you don't
they're also we we don't enjoy games in
the same way they're not just don't get
me okay here we go
enchantress power of faith we're here
you got it jack you got it yeah okay
did you use any posters nobody curious
okay yeah you're you got you got it oh
Jesus Christ
rich Jack need to answer chat questions
and play less oh yeah closer your chat
questions or crap rich is in charge of
answering chat questions right now but
if I see something I like I will answer
it if you ask me about Rosie Perez is
underwear go fuck yourself
did someone really ask about that uh
yeah somebody's saying very rude things
about Jessica Alba oh really it's it's
it's all kinds of Anarchy in here okay
you know I've I've heard nothing but
nice things about just gal you leave her
alone that's not true I've heard nothing
about disco
I'm thinking why aren't you playing
Howard the Duck seemed it's all kind of
it's not so crap it's all crap Howard
the Duck yeah yeah come on you up your
game Chad who would win in a fight
magneto or the blob I'm I'm my guts is
magneto magnetic needle and good yeah
sure sure why not
who wants it more yeah also what does
the storyline dictate because you know
it's all bullshit
well sure the blob has some superpower
we've never heard of before or magneto
does if I recall the blob cannot be
moved
oh yeah no the blob isn't a movie
wanders he has the power to change his
density though if he was standing on
something mental I suppose Meg Netto
magneto I'll keep calling magnetic which
is wrong I know that could probably just
move the whole thing he's standing on no
really yeah so it would be a a
formidable battle either way but like
isn't magneto his boss like as far as
like the Brotherhood of mutants is
concerned I'm not my x-men knowledge is
extremely limited okay we're gonna do
some storage it's a beautiful night to
see enchantress isn't it
shield Knight come with me let us leave
this place it just got revealed it's
just got yep The Enchantress is she oh
but what so what part did The
Enchantress play in the rest of the game
I don't even remember her being a part
of the game
what was she doing she's in charge of
the evil Knights who are ravaging the
land oh okay
well they have rich you're saying you
don't like horror games how did you find
the shell bridge create a level of thief
3 I can't get through
thief three because every time I hit a
fucking loading zone
I just want to throw up because that
fucking game was designed for the Xbox
the III is one of the great
disappointments III can't you know as
much as I love the war and the world of
deep aspects of that game just mixed
sick sorry Jeff
no that was that was that was a valid
Pressure Vessel absolutely
that's what happens when you ask a
ballot question by the way what do you
read any alt comics like from vertigo IE
fables Invisibles sandman preacher i'm a
huge fan of preacher
yeah yeah preacher might be my favorite
comic book though I do think the the
last story arc Alamo is kind of a
letdown but everything before Alamo
I really like the Sandman mystery not
the Neil Gaiman salmon the other one I
do too
I do too because I really dig like
old-school radio Mars Oh so Sandman
mystery theatre is a series that I
really enjoy just that you know just
enough like mystical stuff to keep it
interesting but it's just a detective
story simply
I also really like just speaking of alt
comics in general like the powers a
series is a great series of comic books
I think which they're also making a
series of for PlayStation Network that
was that was a big III reveal is that
they're making a it powers TV show a
live-action powers TV show yeah you
enchantress I I have not played the new
thief what I've heard doesn't sound like
I really have much reason to ah it seems
like they've just flat-out discarded a
lot of the things about that world that
I liked I hate the new voice
tantras fuck my shit Jack can you give
us an example of a viral video you've
worked on for your day job um sure
actually one I've talked about before is
the hey pass me a beer series we made
that for old Milwaukee beer and that is
a it's what we call a branded viral and
they they asked us actually we came up
with the idea and pitched them the idea
and and made the video before they gave
us money for the first one because we
thought it was such a good idea
hold on a second I gotta I gotta take a
potion here so that was a very
successful that was a that was an
example of a successful one so I went to
battle
because there have been several not so
successful ones successful angstrom
thank you
oh fuck you enchantress not you rich and
changers what I do but yeah that was a
that was a successful viral campaign
both both paths maybe or one and pass me
a beer clearly have worked out really
well some some you can't see something I
just won't tell you because they did not
not so well but uh but yeah and some
some are only for you know corporate in
in-house use just a part of it but I
think they passed me a beer oh fuck I
died that's me everyone's work out as a
really good talking point just because
it was a way to incorporate the product
without taking over the video you know
so many times when we talk to companies
about doing a viral they they ask for
some really ridiculous things and some
things we can't give them and with old
Milwaukee and past they work with us
really they work with us and they let us
kind of do our own thing so
that's where the Hicks come from do you
think the oh sorry you're still going I
don't I'm sorry about your duck I'm done
you go rich what is it do you think the
preacher TV adaptation is a bad idea or
a terrible idea
ah I think you know it's a fine night
for one the original comic books will
still be there a TV adaptation no matter
how bad it is won't change the fact that
the palettes are going and you know
there's a chance it'll be great chance
there's always a chance
so yeah fine fine with them with the TV
adaptation provided it's r-rated like
the comics that's what I asked
it should be an HBO Showtime thing yes
if they do and that's a number of people
were going to do it HP HBO was going to
do it at some point and I heard who does
Walking Dead
Oh an AMC heard and see who's gonna do
it I don't know who's gonna do it now
but what I'm try it might be good and if
it's bad you still have the originals
don't worry about
oh I made a gutsy call and I found three
it's okay your busts say that I made a
gutsy call and I failed I was gonna try
to Pogo off her head I got trapped in a
corner okay I said okay you'll get it
you'll get it you're almost there
you've only got five different forms of
her to go oh my gosh shut up I will not
accept that
oh you're fucked now huh what I'm saying
you're really oh yeah that might have
been what you're telling me about before
time right yeah that's what I think I
just saw your like that reflecting her
magic yeah I'm learning I'm learning
fuck fuck I feel like I'm doing better I
feel like I'm getting there
we did what we just talking about as far
as like creating viral video one of the
first things that I made viral video
live was a series called be high five
montages and we got paid by Pizza Hut to
do one and something I'm still very
proud of is that we convinced Pizza Hut
to do a montage with no high fives in it
even though they wanted a high five
montage for Kunta and we convinced them
to do a montage with no high fives
just because why not the bite and chew
montage and that did very well on on
Xbox Live actually early Xbox Live feeds
on Fox in halftime
just add some like original video
content on Xbox Live oh fuck
I wasn't fantastic that was a bad engine
okay they want you know they want yep we
do in the same line of high-five
montages a a charity called one goal and
paid us to take the high five montage to
Africa which was awesome so we got to go
to South Africa and film for the World
Cup and I don't know anything about
sports didn't care about that but we
just got to hang out in South Africa and
and do high-fives it was dumb but it was
great it was a super fun time the video
didn't do terribly well
mostly oh right I'm supposed to I forgot
I forgot already because the World Cup
Jack well mostly because we had issues
getting out the getting out the video in
His Highness you know something very
important when when tying your video to
something is making sure that it's
timely and so we were we were tying it
to the World Cup but we it took us a
while to get approval headed wise and so
by the time mode you know we went
through our contact and they went
through their company contact and and
their company contact approved it's
regal and all the steps that it took to
get the actual final and it approved the
World Cup we're still going on but
America wasn't in it anymore
and so
it just didn't do as well as they but
you know raise some awareness got to
meet you Kyra
she's a very short fuck oh fuck I was
doing so well they're rich I know I know
I'm doing so well I've got to meet with
Shakira she's a very short lady in fact
incredibly short is a word I'm you
describe Shakira borderline ridiculously
sure
I'm hitting that I can deflect magic
back at her
close that son yeah yeah I got really
close and I had a lot of help and I fell
off fucking much I'm finding it hard to
like get out of Pogo mode which is no
excuse but you know like ipogo and I do
destroy my own platforms yeah just not
good in this fight right swing swing
before you hit the ground
yeah yeah I know I just I can't like I
know how to do
are you doing bitch
Jack is dying so much he's going to have
to start giving it gold to continue
playing giving it hold what why you lose
gold every time Jack here's a tip hit
the boss until it dies oh you're totally
right I'm so sorry yeah
you tell me right I got come here
ah okay I'm sure there's a second form
yeah is there a second form quite
possibly I hope there's not a second
form because I have one hit left I think
they're nice enough to let you start
there
oh wait oh I have to catch her
no oh my gosh oh you got you almost got
no ground man huh I got her
come okay okay little a little way
here's that maybe you have what's
happening Oh No when the amulet
shattered the magic within it was
released it's already gathering it will
escape and wreak havoc on everything
unless we stop it unless we stop it we
can destroy it for good right now but
we're both weak from the battle I've
never been more ready come on shovel
knight let's fight together like old
times
Jack she's a she's a girl not an old
lady I picture them as like as sees as
like grandparents yeah like seasoned
fighters you know okay this is their
last fight now stay close to me until
the sequel right I I have heard rumors
that they might do a super shovel knight
in the style of a Super Nintendo game I
don't know how true that is
I'll tell you when when I catch up this
is the greatest oh my god
okay shield might block things okay
bounce bounce nope you would hope that
somebody called shield Knight would
block things I get it oh my come on
that's the one thing you expect it's so
beautiful rich so beautiful we work as a
team
she's the shield I'm the shovel that's
great it's so great I'm not doing my
part as the shovel I'll be honest with
you she's good she's much better than
you are
shield nice yes because you know we use
it a fucking shovel because I keep
getting hit by god
I'm so sorry Sheila I love my one true
love I'm ruining everything
nope I'm ruining it I'm ruining
everything
why can I not why am i ruining
everything right because recently his
reasons I'm no I'm just no good shovel
knight shovel knight is doing her job as
being my mobile platform have you
considered the powerup that lets you
turn intangible I spent a lot during
these fights I don't have that one oh
you don't have it No
why not huh why not your God man because
I got the I got the one that refills all
your health in life no no I mean there's
a lot like a magic item oh sure I hit
her with my anchors no man I suppose
it's something you can miss but no I
have it
why does Jack ruin everything I I do not
know what we have scientists are trying
to figure it out Zak's actually he
recently started participating in a
study a scientific study to try and
figure it out yeah so that future
generations might experiment from how
bad I fucked things up how bad you fuck
things up I mean your sentence may pop
things up yeah yeah what the same
abnormality absolutely no I have no I
have no proper excuse for how badly have
fucked things up also I feel like I
should be able to hit this sorceress
more and I'm not I mean I'm getting one
swing for every one of her like her
Valene Jim Jets you know yeah here we go
here we go
I'm bouncing okay I got a couple good
days come on No Oh what what what you'll
see that in a second
she broke the wall she broke the floor
and I tried to bounce on her head and I
fell in I've been bouncing on her head
reasons right maybe maybe your aim was
off and look it looked like you're a
little bit to the left
it looked like you were centered on the
horn
so it's possible I can instantly yes
that's true that's true I like that
Jack use your face locket I'm using it
already setting champers magic that's
that's what's probably oh you bitch
double dose me you can't show up like
I'm not doing a good job shoveling them
gotcha gotcha nice okay oh my lady my
lady ship beckons
intangible shit
seems like you're doing good seems like
you're doing good I'm still doing so
stop it I I was hitting the wrong button
and I went intangible like three times
in a row
oh so that didn't help anything it's
fine it's fine
is it oh my god what happened
what I don't know I don't know I don't
know what happened oh my god this is a
comedy of errors no my screen went blank
for a second and I don't know why Jack
and rich you have the most number of
people watching shovel knight on touch
that's great great oh my god fuck fuck
fuck I just died I came really close I
came really close rich okay okay did you
fall dire need I died I died died okay
but I blame my overuse of the phase
locking ah just a suggestion you don't
have to you know I should be using it
I'm using the wrong parts I think okay
okay you should have used potion you
should have used the potion oh yo oh
yeah you don't have one begin okay okay
oh that sucks yeah
actions stop jumping into things that
hurt him
yes well hung enough for a while Jack I
thought you're gonna beat this game
tonight I'm gonna do it
wait is there is there another form I
honestly I don't remember I don't think
so if there's another form on kind of
thing I don't think so I'm trying to
remember and I can't quite remember come
here my shovel the beauty chili booth oh
shit chill the beauty that's oh yes that
is what I meant to say damn it Jack get
it right
nope
I'm over here oh fuck I do i jus might
what is she doing she's she's running to
the other side before jumping up also
she is doing a shit job protecting me
cussing no offense to the love of my
life and the shield to my shovel but I
do not feel very productive to stand on
oh they're coming back up yeah that's
that's good
except they died yeah oh yeah you're
just getting to be dying now yes okay
trying again Finch Jack put in the hot
young rookie they might not know that
I'm I'm miles away oh it's true riches
here is somebody is somebody saying to
follow shield light around oh just
reading the chat I'm just reading the
chat
it's all the girl's fault check it's all
the girl's fault to blame to blame
she'll night and it's me it's me too we
are maybe why am I sitting at 7:40 a.m.
Denmark watching Jack fail and shovel
knight
maybe it's time to re-examine your life
only one todo that's alright that's
alright so got help come on she'll be
let's go put put the sniper on the roof
yes I need to hunker down in a heavy
heavy flank with the rocket launcher
you're absolutely right thank you
here's know I believe in you jack thank
you
okay okay I'm close close Blindy says as
a chat we should be more supportive yes
it's over shopping life this place is
falling apart we have to get out of here
who did take him and get outside no I
can't leave you behind how will you
escape that you shark can't hold it much
longer
fine you can't split what oh yeah oh no
oh that's sad rich I know I know
shovel knights fucking useless he can't
even say it was true love what a jerk
also we just went on the entire mission
to save her and and after we traveled
all that way to save her if she was like
yeah I'm good yeah are you cheering up
now jack oh you know I'm feeling a
little pissed off feeling a little like
all the hard work I did to save my lady
she didn't give no fuck about you know I
just saved her you saved her from evil
sure okay I see ball but she's still
dead let the celebration begin
I would have liked to have gotten a girl
at the end you know that would have that
would have made me feel happy I'm sorry
yeah you should be I'm the one who
wanted you to play this game oh wait no
I'm glad I'm glad I finally finish it
one of those ones that it's like I've
been meaning to finish forever I like
these little scenes they have though
this little aftermath scenes yep yeah
did he call that a wrap-up
epilogue epilogue that's what you call
it Oh advanced potion class they're
taking all the gold back from mole night
yeah yeah that's fun no it's fun
everything everything about this game is
fun samurais what would you read it
what would I rate it yeah good rated
good let's that's that's an acceptable
rating
I will accept good and the question of
is it good the answer is yes very if
you're expecting of action an eight-bit
action platformer you will get exactly
what you expect and it will it will be
good you know I don't know I don't know
what people's expectations are going
into this but I got exactly what I was
hoping for and more because it's better
then I was a it's better than it could
have been if that makes any sense
that I even do these levels you must
have I guess I guess I did
oh yeah him polar night how good my
memory is it's okay oh oh wait here we
go
last dream right I can't see where
you're at
tell me right yeah yeah okay a dark
night has placed me back with my fire
black night is is what his name is
Oh everyone in the chat is now giving
their scores right it's words just like
yeah and you give it numbers or whatever
that it's all it's all bullshit because
it's just like we you know would you
recommend the game that's what's most
important his life is it good did you
have fun while you played it and yes
yes I did I recommend this game to
everyone on the caveat that you like
these sorts of games cuz you know if
someone says I don't like action
platformers with a pixel art style then
I will not recommend it
don't believe there's something after
the credits oh okay
well then we should hang out for that
yeah is it worth your time
right sir Blindy that's a good question
is this game worth your time
absolutely absolutely not only for the
gameplay but you know there's a bit of a
nostalgia thing playing games like this
growing up are our generations are
probably more prone to liking this game
absolutely absolutely and I don't think
that's a bad thing because they did it
so well if it was nothing but nostalgia
then they have a problem but because
they did it so well because it's his own
thing it's fine oh yes this game is
absolutely worth your time I don't know
if I'm gonna replay it like you know go
for any of the achievements or whatever
right but I could see myself replaying
it if I thought I could do it I wouldn't
mind trying to get through all one life
but oh my good boy oh my god I'm one
night I don't know that seems difficult
on this one oh yes you guys are totally
right they should do an agent of shield
crossover where agent coulson fine to
shovel my shovel
how was agents of shield I really did
not like it yep and I am a Marvel fan
boy tried and true and I'm super dig
like the x-men and I guess that enough
shields necessarily from I'm a Marvel
fan boy hundred 100% Marvel fanboy and
and I found it dull but before I get
shed I am I am company neutral your
company neutral yeah okay Marvel or DC
okay
no I enjoy Marvel a lot and I enjoy that
actor who plays Agent Coulson and I
enjoy Agent Coulson had a character and
I still was bored to tears I I didn't
make it past like the fourth episode it
was so generic that it hurt well nobody
cares about generic shield agents right
there but that could have been some of
the fun you know like then having to
clean up some of the aftermath them
having to just deal with day-to-day shit
but they tried to make their part so
much bigger it's just I mean Marvel's
got so many characters and you're gonna
make a TV show based off nobody's right
random guys well you know it's tough you
got the you got the street level people
they have another show that they're
gonna make rights with do Iron Fist do
my own fist TV show that's you don't
need super special effects for Iron Fist
a language come here guys stick around
for the credits I didn't spoil that shit
oh thank you for not spoiling that's so
great that's the ending you want right
there yeah it's the Deadly Prey Syndrome
you wanna go away feeling happy
that's crazy it does that makes me feel
that makes it worth it right there
defeated the evil of the land got your
lady back I don't want to press a button
cuz I don't know if anything's gonna
happen
yeah they're snuggling an armor ah great
shell okay good on you Yacht Club games
way to make a game okay alright alright
well that was a great stream that went a
little longer than expected yeah yeah I
honestly thought the rest of
shovelknight would go quicker than me
well no no that's just me being tere I
was also really bad yeah um but I think
I also think Skype worked out really
well yeah so I think as long as we are
able to we'll keep doing this if as long
as rich is free on Sunday nights and and
yeah thanks to everyone for coming out
well denied everybody goodnight no no
checkers tonight I'm sorry good night
everybody
I am the only one who may play checkers
as observed for me only orig yes good
night bye bye

[Part III]
hello and welcome and welcome to Jax
Sunday solo stream only not so solo what
because we have rich Evans oh my god
it's true right they should know you're
here
this is so weird doing this from home is
not even good I'm not even gonna be
playing a game I'm just sitting here by
my chair no I like is it gonna be weird
like talking to me without seeing me
maybe yeah it might it's fine everything
everything's gonna be fine it's fine
I agree rich is too quiet hold on I'm
gonna work on that I got a mixer up here
here's a little rich up volume here's
that all this volume all right now rich
and I should be at about equal volumes
testing testing volume volume testing
what yes what it's working it's
functioning properly all right so what
what magical game do you have for
everybody today I wanted to play this is
a game I played a long time ago and
recently got again it's called vvvvvv
gonna get this started up here so just
just six fees just six feet that's seven
you'll you'll see it on the screen
momentarily that is the title it is six
V's it's there and you'll get it once we
start playing it's the V's or spikes
these are spikes oh hold on I'm gonna
and I'm probably gonna have to mess with
the game audio
it's okay to answer the chat question
sadly I hated lifeless planet
it was terrible such a such a neat
sounding premise I thought it was gonna
be a just a short little artistic game
instead it was a extremely boring half
platformer
trailer makes it sound like you get to
explore this this planet and mystery of
why there's a Russian town in the middle
of this abandoned empty dead planet
instead of like ridiculously linear Oh
fucking fucking I'm sorry jack
I've hijacked vvvvvv to talk about a
game that I didn't like know I Jack away
I was doing I was doing the audio
leveling while you were hijacking so I
think it worked out okay so now the
question for the chat is can you hear me
can you hear rich and can you hear the
game you should be able to will see Rach
are you still there yeah I'm sorry
all right great well let's start the
game let's see what happens here it's
out of the way okay oh here is this is
this is just one of the most fantastic
games I actually have recently so I
bought this a while ago because it was
just you know a cheap game that I heard
everybody realizing and and I recently
bought it when they when they gave it
touch control to turn the terrible
insane touch control server uh I hate
touch controls yeah touch controls can
be the worst but this developer Terry
Cavanagh I really trust and he said that
you know he made it he made it work to
to his standard
and I'm not I wasn't really digging in
it and all it made me want to do is play
the game
ma how are you controlling this now then
I mean you know I'm assuming you're not
using touch now okay
I'm using my xbox but you know you get
more you could use air
there there are only there's only two
directional buttons and the change to
gravity bar that's it
okay that's some oh no up no down see
are in full control over Brenda yeah so
but it's just either up or down and you
can't change it when you're in air you
have to hit the next level okay
and so obviously if you
a little demonstration here this is why
spell vvv because the spikes
okay night idea let's say you'll see
that in a second but I will I love this
oh yeah I should turn the the streams
volume up in my computer just so I I
have stereo and I lose my mind oh my god
that would kill you I am I am curious
how much you're offline but yeah that's
fine
all right how's this for game audio
people are telling me to lower the game
body audio this should be a better jack
thank you take the birthday boy you know
you know will be really odd though Jack
what if I turned on the streams audio on
Micah PC and it was actually ahead of
where we are now
oh that would freak out
hey I found a shiny trinket you'll see
that in a second rich that's just part
of it like
well you know cuz you get to see it this
is this is just a wonderful game he did
this this guy terry cavanagh also made
it one of my very favorite touchscreen
games he made a game called super
hexagon for ios and android and it's one
of the best uses of touchscreen somebody
sent me super hexagon on Steam yeah it's
really good for such a simple game right
isn't it
super intense yes and it's just it's
tend to be a little less intense a
little less intense you can stand to be
less intense thinking about that for a
second
yeah so same that same guys made that
made this and the great games there's
great games
I'm skipping by all the cutscenes here
everyone basically there's a shipwreck
and I need to find all the survivors all
of my crew that's all this is saying so
there is a story yeah there is a slight
story I don't know if you can oh no no
keep playing
yeah there is a story I'm the ship
captain and we got caught in a storm and
I need to find out why excuse me crew
and we don't know where we are we're in
a magical dimension and that's it
and there's these little MacGuffins here
okay and we got to find them and that's
all we know
and so that's I mean that's kind of an I
almost feel like I want to play on mouse
and keyboard on a on keyboard just
because it I feel like it'll be a little
more this is one of the few games where
I feel like the amount of keyboard is
more precise which is all in my head so
this doesn't even a jump button here is
there you're just you're just falling
just falling following it up or down you
have to know part that's kind of the
great thing about this game is three
buttons left right and fall fall up or
down oh no you died it well you died a
while ago I guess but my perspective you
just die did I die a lot wait to see
what's coming up here this is
oh my god
see I'm reacting the things that that
happened like 20 minutes ago for me the
Jets perspect
exactly you're seeing that now is that
awesome like you you just you just
dodged a giant red thing yeah would ice
all these little Atari bad guys just
super great
actually someone modded I saw I saw
online someone modded an Atari to play
this game O'Dowd to play super hexagon
like an actual Atari with the graphics
it was hilarious
did somebody mod the Atari did not suck
listen it was what it was
there was nothing blocky and repetitive
blocky repetitive that's all we had not
even me that was before my time that's
all they had
sadly that was that was me yeah my uncle
had an Atari and I played it frequently
we had a my grandma had pong you know
just a simple game of pong and that was
the entire game with pawn we we actually
had a pong table like an arcade table
with a screen in the middle of the table
that sounds awesome
it was and and you have little rotaries
each side had a room yeah
I'm doing ng bucks
the trinkets I found gotta find the
trinkets okay so now I should be able to
show you
oh here it is here's the map so you know
fog of war style map where anything
undiscovered is engraved and basically
it's just now I just need to kind of
fuck about until I find my crew which is
super me okay it's you know it's way
it's falling into nothingness I think
it's needed one of those games that's
you know like a lot of platformers can
just be linear levels but this one the
entire game is a level and it doesn't
matter what order you do anything in
and what did that turmoil say
I'll see in a minute oh yeah yeah I was
bad
our first breakthrough is creation
look my thoughts on the thief reboot
where I I haven't played it it doesn't
sound much like a thief game when you
take out the steampunk and and the
Hammers you have Garrett with a
different voice to get some new it's
something different so many things so
many play the Steve game it takes place
in just a great world I love that
universe I've heard it's one of the few
games that get stealth right what was
one of the original games to do stealth
really ok I think it came out the same
year as Metal Gear Solid and they both
take entirely different approaches to
self beefless like a stealth simulator
Metal Gear is more of like a puzzle
thing like how are you hey you're
supposed to get past this guard well you
do this this and that thief they just
like give you the tools say go at it
okay I myself - yeah this is probably a
level I should have done later
Oh oh my god oh my god oh no a trinket
oh I wanted that I'll get that
oh I need that oh I got it
full why I got that ring video
so if you go too soon you just die
automatically was at home he had if you
had the top of the screen yeah
what does that mean oh my god I kind of
game
I got crazy lucky just right there
this is one of those indie games that
I'm genuinely surprised when someone has
not heard about it just because I think
it's so good it's so good and so
different you know and I've seen like a
trailer for this before I've never never
played it obviously right
I guess you know I guess it gets lost
there is like an indie wash where
there's like dude is too much are you
okay rich yeah I'm fine I'm just getting
a headache watching this oh no I heard
it well I I'm I'm a habitual Fisher so
I'm just visiting with a screwdriver no
no reason
mr. checkpoint oh I made it hurry I made
it
spoiler alert 7/8 how many times have
you played this game only only once I
played this game once maybe 2 whenever
first came out it so 2 3 years ago and
then I just tried to recently on us a
section you just did seems like it would
take a lot of memorization it's you know
it's it's all kind of intuitive you just
you kind of see where you know me having
our Katie guy yeah you someone in the
chat just said screwdriver so ironic
okay I saved someone yay
do they do anything or they're like
playable characters you get to play as
the red guy now that would be awesome
no that would why don't why didn't they
do that I don't know where is he I think
they just hang around yeah see like
easiest in here I could talk to him say
he says it's great to be back I can't
wait to help you find all the rest of
the crew it'll be like old times honk
captain that's it that's all I said well
that was informative and delightful
I think some of them might do something
oh my god I'm just falling into the
vastness of space
you finished a three on invisible ink
yet okay you mean day four
yeah not the last day of the the final
mission no I have not gone back to
finish that game of invisible ink
because we I think I've made the
unconscious decision to wait till it's
done
yeah well yeah I'm gonna what why don't
we have I been here before no not
unconscious decision we made the
discreet decision when we were doing a
live stream oh yeah yeah you see that
I think well you're seeing that like I'm
behind that it gets even fucked er Oh
what tricking yay so this is kind of
like an overworld area or you find its
you know it's weird it's because it's
all it's all like the overworld but then
yeah there are specific levels I guess
but it's all they're all connected it's
very very Zelda one where you know there
are probably some that you should do
first because they're easier but you can
do anyone at any time today and it's all
connected
okay so it's like an orgy you can do
anyone at any time just like that okay
okay
see yeah like you'll see like on the map
you'll see like on the map like the big
yellow section yeah and the pink section
is where we found violet and so now we
just need to find those are like the
stages
now we just need to find and need to
find some more people here
okay fine it be okay there's a wise
Vermillion here heya captain this looks
a little dangerous
really always says
probably warning me that this is like a
later stage but you know what oh you're
do you does it matter what order you do
it in I mean other than just your own
personal experience it's not like you
get stronger or something right do you
were no no oh no I think I did something
bad I think I went to a secret thing
that I wasn't supposed to go to him why
are you not supposed to do that yet I
have no idea what's going on I don't
know what's I have would it surprise you
if I said I hadn't no idea what was
happening
you're the vvvvvv expert you tell me I
wish I could I wish I could I have no
idea what this is it's it's a warp zone
don't warp zone you're at the warp zone
no that's what I'm
no wonder those things of you you're
warping around whatever whatever I don't
get I'm trying to talk here people
expect me to say things I got a buck
you're here now you have to say things
that's the rule you have to say things
so I don't drink
okay great where what why is the
question of the day so this clear the
map
this is the I should I probably should
have listened to that red guy when he
said hey when he said hey you probably
shouldn't do this
oh okay nice thing to bit portal no it's
this is clearly an 8-bit portal oh no
this is like four bits like this is not
yeah what would technically what was the
Atari Oh God who knows I don't want get
out of here is my question go to the
warp zone I'm trapped in the abyss
I'm trapped in the eternal nothingness
rich oh no wait I think I see I'm sorry
laughs I mean you should be I blame you
you have a map use it I did that's what
I just did I just used
oh I found a teleporter excellent
okay Oh No yeah this seems oh god oh
Jesus Christ
oh fuck did you just miss the warp zone
I did
no I found the warp zone but then I
decided just to try to go a little bit
further to see if I could okay to see if
I could like find something better and
efficiently yes yeah I don't think I was
but I guess I don't know I guess I'm
just gonna do this level this is all
kinds of fucked killer numbers
yeah there's killer numbers what
everything that's not you I mean any we
have opinion why numbers why not that's
so weird it's all ik it's all like this
is the area where it just came in right
now watch what happens when I go out of
that area
Oh
no and it's not like portal it's like
platformer it's just a really sick I
define I think they're referring to that
section where you're going into those
little teleporting cubes oh sure yeah I
guess yeah whatever
Jesus Christ
whatever
oh my god how do we get it how do I get
out of here
that's just bending bending my brain
what's going on here oh yeah Opie what
do you see that you just weren't a blue
room where there was floating obeys oh
oh yeah
since this game is they live game oh I'm
sure I'm sure he'll maj is absolutely
everything
this is what I have to do it
and I do this
huh it's over heaven you are very
helpful
I wonder fuckin Miami obeys I cannot I
cannot line down the obeys by the way
it's it's the recent discovery the obeys
are not a platform
where the sea is if you fall on that
platform between the two oh no that
wouldn't work
yeah no platform between the two obeys
and reverse and then get on the one
above the two a bit yeah yeah yeah I
think I see it that's right we're
sometime time-shifted from what I'm
looking at what you're doing that I I
don't know that I can give helpful
advice okay I made it to a teleport I
don't know if that helps
this is a dual solo stream I I am
actually at home skyping Jack yes yeah
riches riches just chatting here with me
because sometimes when I play and I get
a little boring because I just I just
get too into playing and so rich is here
for the color commentary look one of
these days we should do some kind of
multiplayer game this way
oh I mean absolutely maybe maybe you
could show me Team Fortress 2 oh my god
that would be the greatest
Jesus effing Christ
everything everything is terrible
thief the dark project versus thief the
middle-aged dark project for story an
atmosphere metal age for gameplay how's
that I like it that was that was a check
question Jack I know you don't know what
the fuck I'm talking oh that's okay
just got killed by train yeah that
happens
again I can see why you like this game
mr. mr. super meatboy the greatest what
what class would I be in Team Fortress 2
I I don't even know what the classes are
I I know there's a medic I know there's
a heavy I know there's a flamethrower
guy that's all I know
that's hey that's pretty good any of
those classes are good you know flame
thrower guy or the pyro is a really good
place to start just because his weapon
requires very little his role on the
team is very easy to understand you know
like you just burn everyone area-denial
is his dick I've heard I've heard the
medic is voiced by the same guy who does
uh Travis touchdown and No More Heroes
I like No More Heroes so bad bad reason
to choose a class
or the best reason to choose a class
okay what do I have to oh my god oh my
god yeah
yeah and I want that oh it's mistake
then huh it's a whole bunch of Miss
pac-man's yeah
everything is this seems like it would
give me a headache trying to do this
it's it's pretty wrong it's pretty rough
but you know this is what you do you die
you die a lot
I just need to get this timing right
rich is at home letting out on some
hotdogs now I don't know much but I know
it would be hard to let out on a hot dog
like like a clam maybe less out what
does that even mean I have no idea
I think out on a hotdog that Depina join
yeah hot dog I guess
because if that's the case who doesn't
enjoy listen out of a good out dog you
know okay
oh crap I I almost did it I almost did
it by accident
to
we're gonna figure this out I know I'm
gonna figure this out hey take your time
he's got all week got a week okay oh
okay I got scared
I got scared of the last layer can you
can you dodge the Miss pac-man's by
going back and forth on the same only if
there's that little entrance like
Naughton I can't dodge it by going like
that you know cuz she'll get me there
shit yeah I just need to figure out
there was a there was one moment in
which I ran in which I somehow escaped
all of them as pac-man's and it hurts my
brain so I can't help you okay that's
fine
there there is a best of the worst being
edited right now and then there's one
that's been filmed I I have no idea when
the edits gonna be done
I'm not doing that but it's not it's
it's definitely in the pipeline
yes yeah we just filmed one yeah and
another one that's big
I think what Stu was really happy Jack
how long are you gonna stay on this one
screen brightness I mean that's the
question give it up give it up Jack give
it up everybody everybody wants to see
more stuff more stuff see more areas you
just stuck in the same pink room getting
eaten by this Batman over and over again
yeah yeah
I suppose you could shut uh it's not
gonna happen jack it's not gonna happen
oh my god you did Wow
you found the warp zone yeah this feels
like this feels very end bossy for some
reason oh my god
why are you in some like difficult area
that's the head of where you should be
yeah this feels this feels familiar as
in like this is like the very last thing
you're supposed to do
and it is I mean it's very difficult
I'm also being attacked by hugs no big
deal just metaphor the visual metaphor
its laid out in front of us stuck in the
same pink room getting eaten by miss
pac-man yeah yeah I guess we were
Lessing out I get it now yeah
rich and Jack what do you think of the
attention you have received from the
videos and projects you have been a part
of especially in the last two to three
years you take that one Ridge yeah I'm
shocked you guys like this shit I'm
every day I'm surprised like this they
can like this no we keep trying we keep
trying but you keep watching herself
yeah that's it's been fun
there there's there's so many of you
nice fans that it makes it worth the
not-so-nice fans if that counts for
anything because let's be honest there's
some shitty people out there yeah
you're right Mario Mario I need to
hunker down but you know that those of
you who come here and chat with us and
enjoy what we do I we we really really
do appreciate it every single one of you
who has sent us games I want to say you
somebody sent me vvvvvv baby yeah oh
he's with me oh thank you
thank you to all the nice fans and you
know it's all the not-so-nice ones you
know we just blocky and that's fine
are you looking forward to Hyrule
warriors I am NOT I know really cuz you
you like you like the the whatever
warriors whatever the real name is
dynasty I can't dynasty warriors thank
you yeah I like the dynasty Warriors
series but I mean I also like that I'd
like to think that I've evolved some as
a gamer and as a person you can still
like old games there's nothing wrong
with that sure
oh there's using like a historical
context of those games right yeah it
really can't do that with Zelda no but
you know I for me it depends on price
where it's like I would like to have
Zelda themed levels and to take the
characters and mow down the hordes of
people um and you know like you'll get
to you know go in
the fields and you know do all the do
all the stupid stuff then that's me oh
that's right
this is like an escort mission where
he'll only follow you if you're on the
ground floor if you're on the ceiling he
won't follow you but if you're on the
floor to follow you so yeah there's
there's like this is a UH this is an
escort mission oh my god yeah it's tough
there we go uh so yeah I I don't know
I'm not terribly excited about Hyrule
warriors if it can be under if it can be
under 30 bucks I'll be down which of
course it won't be it's gonna be 60
right
yeah at least Mike did not get a picture
of me as a baby if you're referring to
the rich Evans baby painting I am I am I
am letting him hang that up in the
studio I I let him use that and one day
when I when I come back for it we're
probably gonna have to fight over it yes
that that is riches that he has so
generously you know hung up in the
studio
Mike does have a strange fascination
with with you and you as a baby yeah
yeah cuz it's so weird I get it I get it
everything about me is weird right every
time we bring it up there people who
don't know that's maybe yeah yeah yeah
it's it's me and and nobody in my family
remembers how we got it
that's the weirdest part I know I know
I've been a kid I can't I can't ask Mike
my grandmother my mother because they're
they've passed away right and my uncle
doesn't know my my dad thought my my
other grandmother did it so we pointed
out that the name on the painting says
he lamp and absolutely nobody has any
idea who the fuck that is
he'll am e the initial e lamp that's
what the painting is signed L AM P yes
okay Internet find the Vicent lamp
somebody who might have done a baby
painting integrator shape 1970s early
nineteen seventies in the greater
Chicagoland area
we will crowdsource this rich okay
hold on through some concentration
involved with this next maneuver you're
seeing in a second shit
a lamp just some some guy who did
portraits
haha also as it turns out I'm pretty
awesome in case you weren't oh my god oh
my god a game this game is a headache
now there are there are games that are
worse it's a headache because I get this
a lot I guess you have to go back and go
on the okay I got oh are you playing
with a slinky I fidget with everything
and I have a fidget I have a slinky
behind my desk just so I can fidget with
it yes I mean that's fair first it was a
screwdriver
now what's this lucky okay that's fine
it's just it's weird I my hands have to
be constantly doing something it's just
the way it is that's just the way it is
things are never gonna change no that's
just the way it is
I want to say that's a Tupac song I
don't know songs you'd speak gibberish
to make Tupac that's that's the one who
sells fruit loops right with the bird
with the nose shoot Tupac Sam absolutely
Tupac Sam Tupac Sam yeah is vvvvvv good
yes if you if you enjoy hard platformers
it's it's great it's you know every
every platform is a puzzle and as you're
seeing it's just as hard as balls and ID
so that's the kind of game I like is a
game that will 100% challenge me
can I go up here again let's see what
else is over in this area
or not
how many crew members do you have to
rescue I want to say it'll tell me how
long if I go I have to rescue two more
okay so six in total and then that's the
game or I have to wear after this I have
to rescue all six and then there is like
a super-dee-duper end level that yeah
just insane they start incorporating
trampolines into the mix
trampolines oh my god yeah it's it's
nuts it's just crazy
nothing there's nothing you're so stupid
would you guys ever consider streaming
classics nests or nests or blast
proccesing Genesis titles we we have we
stream Sonic yeah we stream Sonic we we
had an n64 stream we had a Dreamcast
stream yeah and we will have a
Playstation 2 extreme what we feel like
basically yeah yeah I know I mean I want
a Super Nintendo stream there's I have a
ton of Super Nintendo games that I want
to I just want to play turtles in time
know an entire stream dedicated to turn
over some time some Wii stuff I'd like
to do some Wii titles yeah I still I
still want to make you play No More
Heroes just cuz I'm I'm curious how
you'll react to it
mister I hate everything about stories
and games i hey hey now hey that's fine
i never to each their own Jack that's
fine we don't like stories and that's
fine I'm just wondering well how you
would react to know more of you're right
it's not it's not stories I know crap I
don't have a problem with stories and
games I like stories in games that helps
I disliked cutscenes okay because that
takes away from me playing the game
anytime anytime the game stops me from
playing the game I had a problem you
know and obviously sometimes it's a
sometimes it's a necessity and so you
put up with it but there are those games
that incorporate story and game
seamlessly and those are games that
iodine just extra love so it's not just
like I I just like story because I I was
I was musing that I would probably enjoy
it visible ink more if there were a
context what we were doing in that game
yy-your sneaking into these buildings
and and you know what I'm gonna go ahead
and agree with you even because
something as simple as FTL you know like
the it's a sentence your ear you have
information and you're running away from
the rebel fleet like that's good that's
great
was it with invisible ink something like
that would be awesome you doing down
here
I've been FC Elling lately always it
till that's the other rule always be
closing doors ABCD and it always FTL III
don't like any of the chain weapons you
just don't like a much chain weapons no
yeah I would in order to like them I
would probably need multiple chain
weapons and reload boosters automatic
reloaders juror sure then I might get
into it but don't I don't think they're
worth it you know sometimes if I stumble
on one of us I'm not gonna buy it in the
hopes that maybe I'll find another one
and some automatic reloading sure sure
you know it is it has to be a very oh
great oh crap
seizure warnings I guess oh yeah here
are the trampolines
these little white bars he'll bounce off
of a chat I'm not I'm not sold on brutal
doom doom doesn't need reloading guns
you don't you don't need to reload with
doing you shouldn't need that and a
stupid dub third-person camera kills
footpad even know what Dumas is is pure
and wonderful and it doesn't need a
stupid mod I'm sorry jack I had to go on
that tangent
I found a giant circuit no I think
that's funny
so in brutal doom they they have like
kill canvas uh yeah and and ammo you
have to fine
reloading like clips you have to reload
in brutal doom the only the only
modification to doom that I can really
stomach our sauce look I like mouth look
other than that
leave it alone mouth leave it alone Wow
that's where you can use the mouse tame
Dumas do was so old so was so original
that it didn't have that initially oh I
suppose because it was just left and
right yeah yeah
oh do me now Oh doom and oh your love of
you I've always found doing it to be
like again I understand that doom is the
granddaddy but I've never been into it
it's too ugly for me if you can't
appreciate the beautiful sprite art that
as bad as your fault
and it's your problem not mine
fair fair now there's gonna be a lot of
fucks a lot of fucks in the next couple
of minutes I sense that about this
I'm a shit hey we got a shit our first
shit
get some fucks in there
modern modernizing doom is like
colorizing black-and-white movies all
right you're against it I suppose like
via colorizing bla like movies don't
adapt it but sometimes modernizing that
can help
you know you take it you take an old
movie like like Sinatra's Ocean's eleven
right you can turn that into a modern
fun movie what's that's that's a remake
that's something different that was they
did that that was called doom three all
right it's a different beast I'm talking
Acosta Blanco and digitally ad in color
oh yeah that well that's that's doom
with with ammo clips and reloading and
third-person kill camps that's
apparently how you how you gain health
so it's not like you can just ignore
that feature yeah but that yeah dude--
yeah dude-- sucks
and a trinket factory
in a dialogue
yeah I'm gonna keep dying on it should
know everybody the chat is giving you
shit they're calling this silver spoon
well ever oh because you're here um okay
I get fair that's fair
I'm sorry I guess I don't know it's it's
not I guess it's it's weird cuz
technically it is a solo string you know
like it's just me playing and rich and I
are can't don't check them worried about
it oh I was just here's the thing I was
giving this a lot of fun
why do you call it Jack and a half

[Part IV]
and ditch our people just upset because
I call the solo treatment so they didn't
tune in until now and they realize that
you're here I know I and they say oh
crap this is actually something I want
hole yes I am I am skyping Jack this
dream brought to you by Skype
this is terrifying yes I would be boring
solo I would I would probably be quiet
and focused on the game which is what
happens words well you know again with
like with this one you know I can Skype
in on yours too should I ever do one
and sing
should you ever do it we're working on
it people we are working out there oh
crap oh crap
oh crap this is such a great game
that's what I got to talk about and I
had something that I wanted to talk
about oh you know what we were talking
about the other day about the most
memorable scores oh yeah yeah someone
brought up the fact that there hasn't
been a great memorable score to a movie
since Jurassic Park that was me
something I something I noticed lately
well yeah and I there hasn't been a
movie in a long time where I found
myself like humming theme afterwards
okay
and so my counter claim even though
obviously the movie is terrible I really
think that dual love fades from episode
1 the Phantom Menace is a great score
song I know people like it I don't I
don't think it really fits in that well
with the every other Star Trek
soundtrack that's ever existent
Star Wars metric it's like this weird
thing with singing in in shoved it in
with all the rest of the orchestral
soundtrack it's weird to be talking to
the wife today asking her the same
question she had a very good thought
which is the Harry Potter series
okay Harry Potter series has a very
unique and memorable score I think I
know how that I haven't really seen one
of the movies so uh yeah and I can't do
it now because I can't sing in general
so I will not be treating the audience I
will still argue that that memorable
scores are where the oh of course
okay Lewis I will never argue that
they're rarer it's like it's like you
get the classic 1989 Batman theme which
of course and then we'll using the Dark
Knight movies what let's think the
original bad Macedo and the new one is
just not bad music it's just generic
orchestral soundtrack music yeah
every generic yeah and then you were
mentioning like not even being able to
remember like spider-man theme song no
gonna Raimi's spider-man I can't
remember I can't know and I agree with
you that's Danny Elfman who did the
fucking Batman the original Batman Yeah
right he ripped his work off from Batman
and he took all of the character out of
it yeah yeah I'm with you I'm I'm a
hundred percent way there haven't I been
here already
apparently now oh shit okay I have to
survive or 60 seconds I'm under this I
remember this
this is gonna this is gonna cause some
headaches in your engine okay here we go
doesn't look that bad so far not
terrible
something oh my god yeah that gets a
little nuts gets a little nuts does it
save every ten seconds five okay
what is everybody I was gonna say just
follow them but they start coming
through the other side but strategy
won't work jesus fucking christ
Oh
okay okay okay this is gonna happen this
is gonna happen I got this no no don't
got it don't get it off I tried doing
something really clever as it turns out
it killed me really quickly anyway to
keep talking about like scores and
whatnot it's not like I haven't enjoyed
scores I think Jay and I have mentioned
both of our loves for like the Tron
score yeah yeah which is great but you
know what not memorable you you're not
how it's not one iconic theme right from
that soundtrack yeah yeah
you're not humming it the next day and
it's like right I don't think about what
was the movie with the Big Macs they
fight monsters the Big Macs bit of the
Big Macs that fight mine Oh Pacific Rim
yeah another one another one I haven't
seen I'm a weirdo I haven't seen a lot
of movies
or like a
okay
I did it I did it hurry hurry for me
this this first came up I was like a few
weeks ago I just started having the back
the future soundtracks oh yeah
and I haven't done that with modern
movies now is that the question is is it
just because you're an old man and
you're remembering things from your
childhood it's possible I'm could be I
usually don't embrace nostalgia so III
can't embrace change I don't I don't
think the problem is me like that
I don't think the problems maybe I think
I give new things a chance okay I'll
believe you
I believe you because I have no reason
not to how about that okay
how about that I think I need to go in
here and use a teleporter
the problem is never rich Evans no no
never and anyone who says otherwise is
blasphemous
to
shit all right
maybe I'm not supposed to be here this
doesn't feel right
something doesn't feel right
sorry I'm just checking in on the chat
here your sting going on a bunch of
quotes huh who's quoting one Lourdes
Lourdes Oh Rick this Lord of the Rings
have a score I've seen all of those
movies I can't think of specifically any
notes right yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm right here yeah and this isn't
necessarily saying that a theme ass on
track or a theme or whatever is bad just
not memorable
yeah that's stuck in your head 20 years
later like so many of them like like
Superman like Jurassic Park like Batman
like and I can't say it's all John
Williams Studios back to the future
sure sure Batman Danny Oldman you know
I'm agreeing with you I'm including you
know terminator did it up terminator had
a great time yep yeah
and that's that orchestral or anything
you know like that'sthat's its own thing
it's highly memorable and soundtrack
from the movie not an individual song
yeah I'm with you I'm with you you wee
the gladiator themed rich I can't
remember the gladiator thing yes yes
ghostbusters even outside of the Ray
Parker jr. song fucking awesome
soundtrack that fits that movie
perfectly
what's the score there but the
Ghostbusters yeah just what do you mean
what's the score what's the I
I can't home things da da da da da da da
da da da da da da
yeah over there
being afraid no ghosts oh great no fear
vehicle
somebody to enrich efforts please not
gonna happen jack is tried he has tried
I remember the Western or musical you
did everything you possibly could
hi Ryan is all right by me right no
there was the one that I did completely
over dumb because I couldn't fix your
voice and oh oh yeah the rocks one if I
want to get your rocks off or whatever
it is yeah yeah you were you were so you
were so off it's terrible what it is you
were so terrible that I there was no
even salvaging it I couldn't I couldn't
get it around how bad your voice and so
it's like okay I guess the joke here is
that it's an obvious overdub that's a
joke now or else we just don't do this
on
oh man
a musical whose idea was it to do a
musical I blame it sounds like your idea
it's half my fault
we picked their theme out of a hat and
then we didn't like it it was what if
some we got before us a Corrigan or
something right is science fiction again
it was it was a repeat okay so we picked
again and when you pick again it's a
harder topic Oh Western or musical like
oh and then Mike had the joke of doing
Western or musical ort right so it's
Mike's fault okay
I'm comfortable blaming Mike what when
are we gonna do a No More Heroes stream
soon I hope yeah well you know what
we'll do we'll do it no more here a
stream or maybe we'll maybe we talked
about no more heroes for a game blip as
well yeah yeah I don't know I don't know
we just did I know how that turned out
we didn't test uh I have I have not
looked at those at all yet okay okay I
got the feeling it's gonna be too
similar to the streams to to be worth
being its own thing that I will see
though we'll see III will give it I will
give it an all I think actually I'll be
able to get to that this week when you
have time I know why we're still gonna
do guacamelee oh yeah
which I do own I don't know if I should
wait to play it until we we film yeah I
want to get your reactions there we go I
will hold off it I'm just like you're
not playing that the other day
Wow hold off hold yourself for Germans
have have you guys ever played mark of
the ninja yes yeah it's awesome yeah
there's nothing else that needs to be
said I know we talked a bit about I
don't that got cut out of the discussion
for invisible ink but we talked about it
a little bit not much not much it's just
it's it's a fantastic game i I don't
know if we can recommend mark of the
ninja uh no no
oh god I have to do here the only way to
win is not to play yeah mark of the
ninja is a fantastic stealth game
everyone everyone should play and if
you're into its it's basically Metro
Metroid game if instead of shooting
aliens you have to be sneaky
you're pure excellently done stealth in
2d shockingly excellently done stealth
is what he said it sounded like you said
accidentally done stealth no no
excellent excellent fully done which I
don't think it's it's the best stealth
game ever made and I love the thief
games Oh commentary oh I can't even
touch the building social commentary off
I must be getting close to something
here oh there's a guy my guy laughs oh
that kills me okay that's fine
what is that Ellucian that's it's
pollution its social commentary
something interesting around here more
upscale someone from the shit must be
nearby how great thank you
am I supposed to go then somewhere so
I'm supposed to go somewhere absolutely
oh I'm not supposed to go back
yeah
this looks like a new area
let's go this way fuck fuck
welcome to the fuck stream Oh actually a
lot more people I think we're tuned in
for that the pornography joke bridge
these are the jokes I'm skimming the
chatter oh okay do games like divinity
or Shadowrun have too many cutscenes
I haven't played either yeah it's one of
those things I'm you know I know I'm
speaking in the minority here but
cutscenes to me are a necessary evil and
I'm not even sure they're that necessary
if I'm engaged in the story they can be
as long as they want alright I guess
that's fair
I wish that no more heroes cutscenes
were longer
pin all right I mean I guess it's fair
it's just what
what cut seams cut seams to cut two
scenes to me seem like the remnant of a
remnant of people not understanding how
to make video games you know
oh damn jack damn yeah yeah I'm saying
no it's it's just a node tool it's not
the way every game should or has to do
it but oh oh I know this is here it is
here it is guys I hate RTS games I'm not
condemning the genre you're free to like
them but I personally don't enjoy them
bridge take a look on the screen and
take a look about and what I'm about to
fall through okay this right here as you
see you the one of the genius always I
am is where I am right now I can't jump
past this so I need to go any of this I
need to go through that entire labyrinth
and then remember to land on the other
side of this thing it's gonna be the
greatest I remember this puzzle I just
remember an existing this one we might
have to do this one
you know yes I have played both No More
Heroes I know a lot of people shit on No
More Heroes too but I fucking love them
both you can try one I'm Way faster
anyone know I did well yeah and from my
perspective I was sure yeah no I'm just
I'm so fucked i I don't enjoy RTS is
because with strategy games I like to
take my time and think about what I'm
doing now you can't do that with an RTS
you you have to you have to multitask
everything you're doing and I can't
stand it
okay it's Court this Court is bothered
okay I also sorry good no no I was just
talking you go ahead okay I I also don't
like an RTS games how how disposable all
these units are like an X come you just
get so attached to each and every
individual soldier you have you you
can't do that in RTS okay I'm done
well that's kind of the joy of XCOM is
making you like rank these troops up so
you do get attached to them whereas in
an RTS game yeah it's just such a
quadrant
3,000
I'm totally gonna do this
maybe I mean I get no I'm saying this is
the rest of the stream until I do this
just to finally answer their question
cuz I'm sick of saying it I not sleep I
have not played cave story
have you played cave story Jack I have
fucking story oh you have okay well
somebody desperately wants to hear
somebody's thoughts on cave story it's
fine it's there you have it I I just
played it recently and I know like cave
story has a bunch of hype around it and
I just played it recently and because of
all the hype was rather underwhelmed as
it's a very simple action platformer if
it billed itself as kind of a an indie
Metroidvania type of game which of
course I loved but it's there it's a
very straightforward action platformer
there's nothing there is nothing
Metroidvania about it I my categories
Metroidvania as
exploration and there was no exploration
about it it was just a pretty
straightforward action but which is fine
it's a fine game what I didn't know is
that it was a very early and sorry
oh sorry well I'm so like at the time it
was apparently pretty revolutionary
because no indie game had been that
ambitious before but it's fine it's it's
just fine now that we're used to indie
games being the most spectacular thing
in the world it's it's a little
underwhelming but it's fine you know
that's it it's weird to me that it's
called Metroidvania cuz when I think of
Castlevania I think of the first one
yeah which is very linear I don't think
there's any exploration in that game
sure sure I suppose that's that's just
the kind of cement to be play style
science crawling action I think of
Castlevania and Metroid is being very
different but I'm not that familiar with
some of the later castlevanias so you
know it's yeah okay you know what I'll
be with you I guess that's just what the
genre is called so that's what I've
always called it
the Castlevania news
that's just what that's just the Jean
that's was the name of the genre so
that's what I called it yeah I don't
know Cape story I have kick-started Plus
and played it and beat it and I think
it's fine but like I said I was
expecting some I was expecting an NB gem
and so it was a matter of expectations
for me and so my expectations I was
disappointed somebody is trying to
deliberately rile me up and I'm just not
taking not taking the bait indie games
are only popular because of the placebo
effect whatever okay thank you for your
opinion sir
you're doing great jack your bitter
tears delicious hasn't said that the
whole time I haven't I haven't noticed
oh did it crack that a crash after you
did it or something no I ran into the
I'm still going I had to put my
controller down I made it all the way
back to this level and I hit the spikes
you're the one who wants to son
collecting all of the glowing round
things well this is the thing this this
is those are optional though right what
you're doing is all for an optional
thing okay this whole thing is optional
but this this platforming puzzle in
specific is is the thing that I feel
like I have to do to prove myself as a
man I prove your worth
yes you're worth to the tribe absolutely
I get it I get it
somebody says I believe in you Packard
that over thank you whoever said that
just as you say that I die
ha ha ha
thank you for believing me than me thank
you for believing in me that helps oh
Jesus it helps because I want you're
gonna see in a second it's great someone
in the chat is asking if I like any of
this civilization games and I do I am I
do I don't know I mean there there are
there are a nice lark I've never played
any of them seriously but I'll pick one
up every once in a while just to make a
Gandhi fight Abraham Lincoln any time
Gandhi can find Abraham Lincoln and you
know it's a good believe it or not for
somebody who likes turn-based strategy I
haven't really played any of the
Civilization games
really yeah when those were when those
were first coming out I was probably too
busy playing Master of Orion which I was
basically addicted to Master of Orion 1
& 2 okay it's like what do I care about
civilization when I can make a galactic
fuck I'm not against civilization I
should play them I would probably love
it oh yeah I just I just have it oh yeah
I think it really wouldn't
oh I get it
I get it I get what's happening here
figuring stuff out
figuring the stuff now I don't think I'm
any closer to getting this some other
people are telling you to play
civilization 5 and someone else said
rich don't you'll just lose two years of
your life
we should play actually we should do
that for a group stream they'd be really
fun to play a civilization game twitch
twitch plays Pokemon is here I know
you're a fan Jack Pokemon
welcome I'm a van you've ruined twitch
congratulations because now there's fish
place Pokemon so look what you did
okay
we should do say I have a civilization
someone gifted me a civilization I think
somebody gave me four haven't gotten
around to it yet I know I have so many
games now I apologize but I haven't
gotten around all of it that's the
problem what's the problem he just can't
talk I think I remember how to do this
one you have to hit this checkpoint and
then go all the way around and break the
little bar up here and then die so you
get resurrected back to this checkpoint
you'll see in a second okay
everything's fucked
but everything sometimes is a little
fuck didn't did you know that rich
everything starts from a little fuck
everything sometimes a big one
once again the genius man you keep just
like no one else
look what you're breaking up on me Jack
I'm on his internet going down can you
hear me now
rich
rich rich Evans oh no there's a problem
with the call you guys just heard that
there was a problem with the column hold
on they're gonna try to get it back I
hope you're hearing des the internet is
closing rich although I'm gonna hang out
you guys are just hung up on Reggie
we're gonna get him back I wonder if
there's a I wonder if there's a call
limit on skype calls money internet hold
on I'm gonna check on my internet I'm
good
internet connection problem there's a
problem with the internet connection
between you two
Jack this room am i a quick change the
stream name so no one thinks there's no
column in on skype that's good to know
that's inna one that's good to know
we'll see if rich can come back I guess
I'm just gonna play vvvvvv for a little
while and see if rich calls me all right
I don't do this man I'm not like that
not like that at all okay let's let's
try calling rich again
okay someone's having internet problems
and I'm gonna go ahead and blame rich
because my internet is fine so we're
just gonna give this a little second
we're gonna give rich some time
nope we're gonna get rich a little time
nope okay this is just how we're doing
it now that's fine and that's fine damn
it
mm damn and there's rich still Machat if
rich got kicked out of the chat too then
it's definitely his internet thing
moving too slow
nope yes rich just texted me
his internet has died r.i.p riches
internet okay
I'm gonna figure this out figure this
out
can't hit that checkpoint can't head
these checkpoints
dammit dammit
rich is resetting his router to get back
to us people cuz when it's just me that
can get a little boring sometimes and I
I feel that yo I feel that Damon
Congrats to whoever round him up yeah
someone it was someone whoever was
talking shit about indie games riled
rich up so much that his internet
disconnected congratulations oh my god
and because we now rich is gone rich is
my spirit animal
I mean I should know that about me
because he's gone my vvvv skills have
diminished significantly
rich should be all of our spirit animals
if rich is not your spirit animal you
need to re-evaluate your life that's
just a real thing that needs to happen
oh oh my god
you gotta fight I'm seeing this but rich
just rich yeah did you get so angry at
whoever was making fun of indie games
that you killed your internet people
were very concerned we were starting we
were starting a memorial a memorial for
your internet do you do what you gotta
do that would have been a perfect time
to take a break sure sure that's fine
that is absolutely fine I think I'm just
gonna get this um after this trinket I'm
gonna take a break as well I will tell
you that but I can't get the stream back
up oh that's weird
yeah huh
wait oh yeah come back I'm out of sing
stream oh okay okay great great you're
seeing stream yeah I'm just gonna go for
this one last trinket here shit I've
been dying a lot since you've been gone
as I was explaining to everyone you're
my spirit animal okay
and so when you left it kind of left a
hole in my heart yeah and and so I
started performing really poorly you
were doing poorly when I was here and
that's why you're my spirit animal
because of the confidence you give me
oh because I have to not touch the
checkpoints if I want to get the trinket
that's the that's the trick with this
one you see that blue bar up there I
need to I need to make the blue bar
disintegrate then kill myself on spikes
and respawn at this checkpoint so I can
use the blue bar to get past these
spikes okay okay because of insanity so
you have to get through all of the
challenges without touching the
checkpoints and actually like these
challenges are fine without testing
these checkpoints it's these that are
really tough because they're moving
platforms in in response to a question
Master of Orion one and two firmly two
they're both fine oh they're fine what
kind of game is Master of Orion I've
I've never played it or heard of it okay
I did it okay here we go you pick a race
and you can be an alien or human and
there's a bunch of different races and
you start researching technology to
build ships and then you build ships and
then you explore nearby planets and then
you can build colonies and then you can
build more ships then you build more
colonies and then you meet other races
and you can set up trade with them or
you can start wars with them or you can
do espionage with them and steal their
technology it's it's it's a Forex game
okay I'm with you I feel that
I got into though you can you can custom
design individual ships I'm quite fond
of the ship combatant to which is why I
favor it to one well I like the tech
tree more in one Jack I'm sure you're
just like what the fuck is he talking
about
ah I honestly have no idea that's fine
oh I got our last crew member well that
was nice you're my job I think they're
having trouble hearing me everyone in
the chat keeps saying speak up Rich's
volume is low when Jax is high yes some
kind of problem with my voice your
volume should be uh hold on let me put
on my other headphones here let's see
here mm-hmm what are the four X's mean
let's see if I can remember Explorer
exploit exterminate
I don't I don't know Explorer exploit
exterminate damn it hahaha dammit I know
this we're gonna we're gonna go on
another half an hour and I'm just gonna
suddenly yell out somebody's son at the
chance dammit I saw it I didn't want to
see it expand yeah you didn't if you did
if you didn't type that in the chat you
would have an amused half an hour ago
and I just yelled out expand absolutely
no good reason you ruined it
Oh sound fix someone says great and
actually I think this is the final
levels here I guess I want to keep going
oh we've been streaming it down an hour
45 okay I'm gonna start eating cereal
starting on the start eating cereal but
eat cereal away from the microphone
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna lift
my my my my cup I think I'm gonna beat
the game I didn't know this was that
short of a game I played it in spurts
now is that sure but that's fine I mean
shit
Lucky Charms I didn't I didn't see it in
the chat I just love that you just
randomly so in my mind you just randomly
said Lucky Charms two percent
I
really
she's getting active in facts so real
that I can no longer comprehend what's
happening how much more you had to go
I haven't almost there I think this is
the final stage because I rescued all my
crew and then I got transported here and
I think I remember this being the final
stage II I'm just all so out of
brainpower okay
and so
oh my god so much brain
you know because you're you're bouncing
below the screen and then popping up
above the screen it requires for what
should be a pretty simple platformer it
requires a large amount of brain
uh-huh
oh my god this is making me a little
motion sick
I feel good about this feel good about
this no didn't feel good about this
I didn't I didn't feel good enough about
a rich Jesus fuckin Christ
what is happening here you have to fall
through the thing yeah it looks simple
just do it I can't just do it jack
hey go got faltered thing
ability generator right tabling the
dimensional stability generator may lead
to instability I can show you what to do
this agent if we get married you can't
be a husband at all
not at all people are asking about
marrying me okay yeah it says your
answer yes I don't know right they have
to find a way to be a wife I'm sorry
that's just non-negotiable you don't
have to apologize I mean I that's fair
you know that's the to you is
shit
oh my god so much dying
so much time
so much dang so much dang don't know if
I can do this
bust for gaming Street kharid Damon
I think I figured it out right don't
worry about it I got it covered
what I believe that's all take sometimes
that's all it takes
all day
touchdown bear sweet no I'm night game
they're playing 49ers I have no concept
of football or sport in general I just
don't I don't get sport do you not root
for the Packers like everybody else up
there no no I don't really I don't watch
sports but I'm the only person I know I
get you know what I get all my grocery
shopping on Sunday and do my yard work
and and everyone else is watching the
backroom it's really great
no Milwaukee Wisconsin in general
there's a ghost town on Packer days so I
just get all the stuff I want to get
done
without having to worry about seeing
anyone
I never said I hated the football I'm
just not a huge fan I'm more of a
baseball guy that's right and you like
minor league baseball too oh it's great
you get front-row seats for like five
bucks and the thing with minor league
baseball the fact that it's minor-league
and they're actually kind of bad makes
the games more exciting this is it any
moment somebody could drop the ball and
then Lord knows what the fuck's gonna
happen next
well some of them are there it's
actually trained for the majors and so
there probably is like a different level
of trying there are many different
levels the double-a triple-a independent
so there's there's different levels of
bad though enough Schaumburg Flyers the
Windy City Thunder balls that's mighty
endemic Crestwood Illinois Windy City
Thunderbolts I went to an away playoff
game of theirs in Rockford and damn that
was a good time huh I highly recommend
going to it away game and being an
asshole are you rooting for the wrong
team and and and talking shit so you can
see that okay here's the thing with the
minor-league you get you know five or
ten dollars seat front row when you
insult the players they hear it
I'm I'm that I've hit I've heard guys
glare at people as they're walking back
to the dugout and it's a spy
I am confirmed as a baseball troll
but only if they can hear you right it
feels better when they
it feels better when they it feels
better when they hear you insult them
returns
yeah oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap oh
crap oh crap oh crap oh crap
you'll see in a second wrench
another one of those scrolling levels
and it is fucking my world right now
Kimmi okay I am officially done with my
cereal
congratulations what was it again Lucky
Charms generic lucky charms
I didn't even spring for the name-brand
I think that's okay
it felt this sugar at that point it's a
the honest truth I actually like the
generic better taste wise so that's fair
that's fair
pick one
I feel I feel like I'm not playing a
game anymore
but I'm gonna be 100% honest with you I
feel like I'm just watching a collection
of lights which of course I am
are you brain-dead I'm a little
brain-dead in the best in the best way
I'm just so so on
on this damn game
do you need a break or without actually
hurt because you're in the zone
yeah that might hurt at this point and I
think I'm close enough to the end where
I don't want to
yeah you'd want to start fresh
a new game just purely thinking about
the breaking it up on YouTube later
it'll be a hassle which I know is a
really bad excuse to keep playing button
I am liking I can do this I can do this
I can get back into it I can get back up
did you see me die I saw well I'm ICU
dialogic Chief Justice Taft I am here to
support you Jack do it for me Thank You
chief Chief Justice Taft thank you
because I have your support I feel like
I can do it now of course it's just not
true it's not true you're not Chief
Justice Taft I don't feel like I can do
it with your support you know there's so
many things not a fuck you fuck you
spike fuck you I was there
fuck fuck fuck fuck we'll get it someday
I will
okay
this is the most insidious one because
it breaks up when you can jump and when
it's a trampoline and so your thumb
actually relaxes your jumping thumb
relaxes and that's when your that's when
you have a problem because you need that
jumping thumb there we go there we go I
fuck you I did it I fucking did it I
know what your problem is - what you're
thinking of it doesn't jump it's fault
it's not a jump
well you know what I mean you know with
the trampolines you don't
I'm like Jesus Christ yeah wait to see
this this is a fuck right here this has
to be the end yeah this is definitely
unless it was just that trinket would
you would you kill somebody if that was
the case oh my god I'm just floating in
outer space
oh I only found 13 out of 20 trinkets
but I'm okay with that I'm okay with
that too Jack you all right you beat
vvvvvv by getting sucked out the space
tears you're what I can only assume is
your doom yes okay gimpy our one and
only month your mud and octo Jay's a mod
but sir Jim P was our first so he will
forever be our one and only
I'm a terrible mod technically I'm a
much wait I'm sure if I press action to
continue is there more to the story
correction that's blown out yes yes it's
a date a quote from Star Trek I am no I
don't see what happens Oh
oh here comes the the onslaught of
demands to see FTL don't forget fucking
won't don't think hey rich
I made it back to my crew okay obviously
they saw you jump out into space like an
idiot and they rescued you yes
oh this is great and then some text that
I'm gonna skip oh my god they go I'm
crazy with the FTL now oh yes yeah I
know I know that's good I didn't I
really just thought I'd be playing
around for a little bit I did not think
you could beat the game this quickly I'm
sure there are speedruns but Terry
Cavanagh everyone be nice to Terry
Cavanagh he's the greatest guy I really
enjoyed his game
you should you should look up a speedrun
I'm gonna I'm gonna bet you to cry it's
gonna be like 20 minutes oh god no I'm
sure it's like 10 minutes right
yeah we're gonna play a new game I'm
gonna let the credits roll because all
these nice people made this game happy
and we just be appreciative of it that's
a fine thing to do isn't it yes isn't it
I you know whatever ever since I started
watching movies like really watching
movies I always stayed through the
credits well I think tech fully Jack
credits our cutscene our credits a
cutscene
I tell ya sure know their credits I'm
done playing now they know I'm done
playing now alright oh wait what's this
I don't allow since I've played
it's a cute thing there's a cute thing
coming up oh I could finish shovelknight
I think I only have a couple levels of
jump oh well that's not a bad idea
that's not a bad idea you're probably
right right it's you not equal cuts in
every game is allowed something before
the game starts and when the game is
over it's cut see it's a good scene if
you want to keep exploring the games
that continue from the main menu ooh
I've unlocked time trials I've unlocked
flipmode intermission levels oh man
okay all right guys we're gonna take an
official break this is what's gonna
happen we're gonna take an official
break and I'm gonna go refill my water
and I'll be back in a second rich
yes I'll be around you'll be around do
you want me to keep you on do you want
to keep talking everyone uh no I'm gonna
take a break too
