Nov 12, 2014
Smash TV, Mega Man X, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, Batman Returns
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/44790001
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/44789498
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43229798
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43229789
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0eKVKKowYY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NA8fEVuvA4M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfRIBW6YVrs
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/532630179256868865
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/532706455418204160

[Part I]
Transcript missing

[Part II]
okay guys we're back sorry about that
resizing awesome resizing action there
you just played Mega Man don't worry
about okay here we go sorry about that
Jack concurrently confirmed for motherfucker
it's true exactly this is
because we didn't stream goof troop
you're right
ah confirmed for Jace's that there are
good streams and bad streams but mostly
okay okay oh yeah yeah yeah then there
bad things but mostly bad that was a
great soundtrack yes and rich is kicking
ass already Jack what do you think about
the new england title oh Jesus
hold on for a second money for hack
frauds just subscribe thank you for
subscribing and that's a hell of a name
we're gonna sound like a charity please
give money for hack frauds a clockwork
Stalin thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it I think we did we
talked about it on Sunday the force
awakens yes it's fine
what else what else are you gonna call
it yeah it's Star Wars it's hard to come
up with names that don't just outright
outright sounds silly yeah can't do it
it's about like a new hope Return of the
Jedi you know like these are all kind of
cheesy name I mean you know you're used
to it you grew up with it but I'm sure
at the time the Empire Strikes Back
something really weird yeah yeah it's
true
you know what I wanted to call it and I
was sad because after I named it googled
the name and somebody else come up with
it yeah I wanted to call it Star Wars 2
electric Naboo galloon but somebody
somebody already came up with me to do
that just how the greatest joke it's
fine that's fantastic Joe you know what
I think the the - electric Boogaloo
thing is kind of oh you know what I got
him in the ground floor I was saying
that about things before I was saying
when I was younger in order to see Star
Trek or anything with Star Trek 3 at a
drive-in theater I also had to sit
through breaking - electric Boogaloo
okay so when I was younger that was
always a thing oh I like that bleeped X
star wars 7 so very very tired see that
would be a great sale Star Wars 7 not a
prequel not a pretty cool that's
literally that's their entire market
image that's basically what they mean by
the force awakens yeah
Star Wars you used to know it's back
it's awake it's not that crap we've been
shoveling out so you know like everyone
kept talking about like these like the
real props that they were using it's
like who gives a fuck I do that's neat
yeah who gives a fuck oh no you know no
the props gives actors shit to work with
you're wrong about that I don't care
about this kind of stuff I do I don't
care about that kind of stuff I think
they were only doing that to say like no
no no this is this is not a prequel
movie well that's why they were taking
photos of it and posting that shit but
still I outside of anything else
anything that's good I think it's a good
thing that's good for the actors trying
to act in the movie okay it's good for
people making the movie that's a good
thing okay you know what
props aren't for it
yeah alright yep even that I guess my my
cynicism was in full overblown in full
overload because I knew they were just
releasing them as a way to say no no
these movies aren't being made okay yeah
yeah you know it's just too much I have
no skin to up you guys hear this
we are yelling we're yelling
yeah okay you know what there give
that's right I Jack says give me more of
those CG animals and poops and farts
right yeah no yeah you're right
like I said I was in all I was doing was
being cynical because I knew that it was
important as a marketing ploy the
release the the supposed the leak of
these photos was a marketing ploy yeah
that much is true and and so all I was
thinking is all I was doing was being
cynical and I was being too cynical and
I apologize right
crazy Belmont said Star Wars Episode
seven an apology yes that's exactly
can't get the secret thing
Mac Mac that's right Mega Man is a mech
inside of another match Superman comes
probably a humanoid
mecha backs a robot robot I just got a
fan and says I just found out that there
are real people that believe in Jedi ISM
and have started a religion yes Star
Wars fans are fucking nuts I know our
fans are starters fans
yeah but you're all fucking Don Stepp
stop
some of y'all some of y'all can be a
little nuts could be a little business
yeah oh my god yeah yeah so a little
like life not give it up no never give
up you should have given up we're gonna
prove enough that this is I come close
to doing it before I got no I got
hammered on the last boss yeah
like I always like to Megaman this was
definitely one of those to hard games
for Jack really oh yeah I mean I've
always enjoyed it I guess you were a lot
younger than me when this came out yeah
like the Joker we're not using in this
episode like when this came out I think
I was like ten
and you were probably 42 yeah it's a
good joke rich
it's an except it's funny cuz you're a
little you're slightly older than I am
the difference between 13 and 6 it's big
one yeah oh absolutely
I don't know when this came out I'm sooo
many 191 ok so it's 10
there you go
Oh is a Martha Washington Star Wars
Episode seven magic in the moonlight
that's what this would be like because
they want to do more as the Star Wars
universe yeah and that's like the rohnke
okay okay it's like the who thanks magic
they're gonna run that franchise into
the ground
yeah yeah of course they're that's what
they're gonna be the other thing we
talked about on Sunday was how how angry
must need the huge hardcore fans be that
they're Expanded Universe continuity has
essentially been thrown in the dumpster
I'm ceremoniously thrown in the dumpster
yeah but you know the bill
it's like Marvel right they'll be the
book universe and they'll be the
cinematic I think everything is
different yes
oh yeah I think they're not gonna do two
universes they're not they're just not
I mean they have to do I got me the book
so is it your hair the Empire that
didn't happen yeah
too bad so sad is gone I'm sure that
there are some people that were really
into those books back in these days of
course we're gonna shoot the wall let's
see oh my god these things in the wall
jack
I've identified you work it didn't seem
like they might your big serious I did
you say so
I don't think you were doing a thing I
was I was I almost certainly don't
believe you because why it's what I say
why are you know and yes I thought
you're just being stupid they were on
there obviously the whole thing hair to
the empire hair to the empire tank
that's something you don't have to worry
about anymore
damn it's true it's really true
Jackie's a liar I am a liar I just
wasn't lying about that but in general
shut up jack
Chris played Mega Man X with his
grandkids last weekend
I have never listened to the megaman
block opera what this is someone asked
me if I've ever listened to the Mega Man
no I get play make my legends no
underrating we're gonna have to scream
that when these days okay
it's like mega man needs Zelda oh okay
sure 3d mega man needs ova
Oh 3d pie yes okay
yeah like I I've never in fact I've
never pretending that everyone's I want
to like be like Milwaukee Symphony
Orchestra has life you know video games
classics as performed by the Milwaukee
Symphony Orchestra you know stuff like
what I've never done that okay there's
some good video game music there is
there's some really good video game I'm
sure I'm sure but then I do you know the
real thing is then I have to leave my
house
it's definitely something
extra megaman ripoff of zelda confirmed
we'll see we'll see that's 3d not heroes
that was tough time to appreciate good
things and so bleep you can do it
don't don't about stuff you don't like
yeah jak confirmed for shutting is true
except for I'm out of my house now
sometimes I don't like to leave my house
that's how it works
where's Jay Mike and Jessi they went to
go see a movie but you should be glad
long.this they went to go see a movie
for work
just got done building well nothing I'm
not really done but we just finished
doing a lot of work on the last major
space cop set and then they want to say
well we have to watch yes yeah I came to
the studio today that reeks of paint
there was some work happening today
oh we didn't pay anything we're just
humming thanks nice
they did go to saving the hours ago
that's how long it takes to see they
don't they just want people hold on we
just something felt that was in back
probably nothing probably nothing
might be ghosts
okay sucker but that guy if we call
security
I have no idea what that was
all of a sudden we're in here we're in
here playing and we hear like it almost
sounded like a like a bucket like an
empty plastic bucket falling on the
concrete and that was pretty pretty loud
it was loud enough we're both rich and I
heard it over mega man and we're
startled and some degree my hairpiece
fella and as it turns out yes that's the
worst hairpiece I've ever seen my my
hairpiece that looks like a ball bitch
yeah yeah that seems redundant roof
falling in is the new getting another
beer no I did not get a beer we deserve
a nice
did I kill a bucket I did not kill your
right sick Nick bro we should make a
horror game about a bucket falling well
playing Mega Man that's funny
oh that's a that's a good question there
I use a program called controller mates
and that's my control that's my like jr.
key but for a Mac controller mates and
there is a free version out there it
only lets you map ten buttons but that's
all I needs to provide big reminder all
you care about that's all I care about
but if you have rebirth that has full
controller support so you shouldn't need
you shouldn't need anything if you have
a Mac though you need to make sure you
get the driver for whatever controller
you have like if you have an Xbox 360
controller there's a special max driver
that you have to download for it to work
so something very important for for
binding of issac class
aDNA Filippo Bruno says he's just
downloaded starter pack oh it's sweet
rich is very excited about that
oh yeah yeah the ps3 DualShock is a good
Mac controller as well and I've seen
people get it work wirelessly through
bluetooth I can't get mine it takes some
doing but I prefer the xbox360
controller that's my controller to it
oh we did a while yeah I don't know what
dunkey was walking about I think just
about winning apparently that was clutch
oh it shouldn't have gotten that clutch
it was it was it was bad to begin with
how's that yeah yeah where's the next
I'm actually I go for the armor first
rather than whose weapon works on lug
maybe that's stupid but I don't give a
shit
you know I think we will do we keep
talking about like doing all the venture
games they want to play we keep talking
about doing adventure games I think
that'll be a nice dream one night it's
just pick one adventure up beat it surf
I'd beat in tonight you might be able to
do multiple that's what Betty Bob which
one's better
Richie totally missed our thing we're in
that other level and the usual stage
where's that but yes we are gonna play
adventure games both of us like
adventure you do I didn't know that
prevent the same station before I don't
remember it oh oh you know what we had
this conversation during the alien
isolation talk about atmosphere and
character in game yes and adventure
games obviously you know me I'm more
than QP laser oh yeah God but adventure
games have the characters and
personality stuff to make up for what
they're lacking twitchy gameplay mmm
usually they're funny they're fun they
let you use your bringing and I like
that
there's a heart tank on the top and left
area of storm you okay there's a weep of
faith across the air platforms and okay
now it's been a while I don't I don't
know who alex jones is I can't tell you
what I think is George
oh yeah well she's great I don't know if
it's a boy some of that most Alex's I've
known a Ben Mitchell okay
I've known to Alex drugs and three Alex
boys that's why it's closed really yeah
why Alex's
how do we fall on my ass I said oh
they're saying rich should go to the
very bottom and all the way to the right
energy take up here - I'm not a steak I
must have gone for that
oh dear future I have heard of I have no
mouth and I got the scream I've heard
it's good
Alex Jones is a carnival barker got one
can I come to see the thinning the
amazing thing it's here it's you deep
yeah we don't know who that is so it
doesn't I'm sorry there person you like
or dislike and you wanted us to confirm
or deny the thing you know yourself I
know Chuck Jones's jokes great
oh he's like a conspiracy theory guy
well okay great good for him
all radical asks well you guys ever do a
marathon stream you know for charity or
something
Ola oh my god rich is handing me the
Mega Man controller he has a phone call
I don't know what I'm doing I'm a man
okay to answer your question this is
just this megaman music it's just too
long for you so we're gonna turn it off
or not turn a I'm just gonna turn it
down a little bit to answer your
question yes we don't know what we're
doing it but if an opportunity comes up
to do some sort of stream for charity
then yes we will do a marathon stream
and it will be a lot of fun we have
talks we have talks through the idea of
doing some sort of long-form charity
stream and we are all okay with it in
general check now is your time to shine
don't blow it
it's me now I'm back baby riches back I
didn't blow it because I didn't do
anything okay
well that's good it is that's good that
you didn't do anything
Oh everybody right now listen to Josh of
Vince everyone needs to go look up a
video called too many cooks it's the
greatest thing on the Internet in a
while did you watch it oh my god rich
forgot completely about it rich forgot
completely to watch too many cooks watch
to go watch too many cooks right now
rich is just by Mega Man too many cooks
is more important any energy saved up oh
well oh well I don't need
then at the Maddow's three and eight
wants to know what we think of Shadow of
the Colossus I think Shadow of the
Colossus is great I have a super fun
time playing it it's it's a great idea
for game and everything about it felt
fantastic clutch again that's great rich
I have one beautiful channel the classes
yes yes everybody can get out of your
system right now look Jack fuck
and Jack get it out of your system
Rich's knuckle in channel oh my god rich
okay well we need to do that one night
okay
yeah I might have guessed when just oh I
never had it
so then deal with it oh my god where is
the last no we're not on the Wii U we
are playing megaman x a lot of Super
Nintendo on an actual Super Nintendo if
you don't believe me here hold on
because now everyone thinks that we
emulate everything
when I blow a picture of Twitter to
prove that we are that we are playing on
a Super Nintendo and you know it's true
because I'm giving a thumbs up
I'll tell you
what do you do I'm trying to find the
last I think it's the last armored hit
yeah okay bolo post in it's Twitter now
okay
what the fuck indeed sloshed from duck
tales just subscribe thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Ankush out the Colossus is just one of
those fantastic games where I don't even
know I don't even know if I want to
stream it with rich it's just it's such
a beautiful experience it's just it's
one of those games that should be taught
as far as mailing atmosphere you know
you're alone in the wilderness in the
desert you can just you and your horse
and your sword man giant monsters
sprayed it's beautiful shatter the glass
is a beautiful plant you know what I did
not play ICO so
you play I go LM Philip boa Bruno if you
send us the shadow Kostas I code ps3
disk yes we will play that is the
absolute truth yeah we can do that and
if you want we can even play it on strim
well have rich put on the headphones Jay
and I will talk about bullshit well rich
experience okay don't come experiences
Shadow of the Colossus yeah
oh you know what I never I have not
played any of any of the postal yeah
yeah okay that's all I heard was like
Hannifin they're going for like shock
kind of thing yeah it's not the most
mature thing in the world
totally not take asks Jack and or rich
do you guys like Aqua Teen Hunger Force
ish I don't love it more than anything
else kind of a soft yeah okay
I remember when when Adult Swim was
first becoming a thing and I could see
it like the first season of Aqua Teen
Hunger Force to lose my fucking mind
that's something that weird and funny
could exist on television it just gets
old
yes that was the next part of it okay
what's the fuckin d-detective mini cup
detective video thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated but
yeah you know they they run out of
prints honest even Ben I remember like
the other what else is all of them adult
something like a Sealab 2021 was
hilarious oh god I'm sorry
Sealab 2021 I watched a lot more than
magazine
there's a lot of good stuff
but of course you know like I also just
really like Space Ghost because the
ghost before
I don't like Space Ghost that much
really yeah I had like all the brac
solidness don't touch me
frisky dingo yeah we've talked to oh
there's a dingo
yeah and home movies to home movies I've
seen them oh you know what a hold of
these is really great if you are Phil
tiger it's just a beautiful a beautiful
love letter to young filmmakers and of
course very funny that's you know this a
lot of people can't get down a little
squiggle vision or whatever you call
that animated native dr. Katz animations
yeah but it works learn same creators
just dr. cancer city animators okay I
think different writing theme they
replaced Paula Poundstone yeah and I
really enjoy Paula Poundstone as a
comedian and I thought the other lady
who played
Metalocalypse is great of course yes
it's favor I mean all that stuff it was
great and you know for a while stuff
like that did not exist on television or
at all really
so the fact that we were getting weekly
doses of that
was amazing
Harvey turn Harvey Birdman attorney at
law that was fun to H John Benjamin is
the tits you're right yes yeah it's got
a great voice yes not only a great voice
but that man knows delivery
he knows out of times and shit mother
fucker
see McFly amick murderface says the
woman who replaced paula poundstone was
way better
I like bouncer man I thought I thought
she did it but I also just like Paula
Poundstone mezack me
Alec when Alec Baldwin for voice
insanity I don't know
oh you know what I did not see fat guy
stuck in Vietnam Fandango
that was that was later adults - I've
been doing light action shit not stolen
Vig on that man nation that's what fat
guys took in the internet was that was
like a it was supposed to look like a
cheap cheesy old Syfy show Kurt told you
fuckers no you know what do whatever you
want make more Venture Brothers no do
whatever you want because you know what
happens when I do whatever they want
they get too many cooks wait till you
see it right all right it's really good
confirmed hipster who me probably all
right did you ever see dirt Merengues
dark place no no that was brilliant I
don't remember the power-ups
Darth Merengues dark place was meant to
look like 50s BBC sci-fi where basically
everything is set in a black room that
there's a smoke machine okay and it's
totally okay dark place is really great
that's all I got so we could try and
beat this game or mine it looks like it
I don't know how you doing I mean you
have a lot of robots ago I have not
continued once
oh okay well I mean listen we're playing
until you get tired of playing this
house go Lukas farts say whatever movie
Jay Mike and Jessi are watching is a
long fucking movie all right so guys now
you can look up movie times and figure
out what movie they're watching is based
on how long the movie is and I'm sure
they might not have went out to eat or
anything afterwards yeah that's the
thing I'm sure they were gonna wash to
get back here they've they did say they
were coming back fun maybe they got a
bite to eat maybe they're just chatting
these are all things that could happen
yeah that's what you're good you're
chatting with Jackie rich that's how it
was rolling tonight I'm sorry we're not
enough Oh
gratefully sorry
it happens you know what and it happens
it's sitting there calling my picture of
my sense Photoshop tell Jack what he
should be doing in the picture and he'll
take another one yeah absolutely because
it's incredibly important that you have
to know that it's an original system
well it actually just these things are
for some reason important yes for me I
just emulate the hell out of everything
I know you do it's not it's exactly the
same it's designed to be the same hold
on there they're asking me for a dick
pic of course name they're saying
they're saying a dick pic well looking
firm looking firm that that were really
playing
okay all right guys hold on I can't
bring Jesus then we're gonna hold on
ready oh wait we're just pause it for a
second they need to hear this
all right ready you guys you can hear
what I'm doing
there's me unzipping my pants check
we've wrapped up fine yours oh my guys
I'm gonna send my dick pic and dick baby
posting oh I guess I could have unzipped
my sweater yeah no I really unzipped my
pants for the sound effects but I could
have I wish you did those of your swing
yeah that would about it that probably
would have made a better zipper noise
than my relatively short pants if I'm
not here everybody I'm no longer here I
know somewhere else I know you guys knew
over your doing as soon as
as soon as I said dick pic everyone got
when I was doing Oh keyboard Jeff on
Twitter says amazing so big the dicks
too big it's funny
Oh Mike get a sweet tooth right that
isn't Deadly Prey poster back there yes
you
the dick pink is a pig I'm rich in his
dick the birthday book sure oh my god
clickbait oh my god we could we could
make a little port of new key tapes
around with the Super Nintendo we could
have done that but you guys asked for a
dick pic so they're saying homing
torpedo and those anyone fucking me up
I don't know if I have a strong opinion
I saw your question before crazy about a
lot about our opinions on Family Guy
yeah I don't really have a strong one I
don't I don't have it's a thing that you
could watch yeah sometimes it's fine
sometimes it's not I know a lot of a lot
of people hold on
I haven't I do have a thought of family
Oh Jack has left the building he's going
home I think he can't take it anymore
so the important thing I wasn't sure how
long were you're streaming tonight so I
didn't want to have a beer but it looks
like we're gonna be streaming for a
while so I got you okay so I do have a
feeling on Family Guy which is they get
accused a lot only doing referential
humor and some and I don't think it's as
true as everyone accuses them oh my god
Richard what are you doing not winning
don't not game over yup nice all right
current and many times they will use
these and they will use a reference as a
setup to induce but that's not just like
there's a difference between using a
reference as a setup and just making a
reference and having that be the joke
you know and so like any any of Peters
like that's stranger than if Mega Man
was in the Hyrule you know like I'm
gonna cut to a little bit Mega Man right
that's just using a reference as a setup
to a joke that's not necessarily a bad
thing but they also just reference stuff
and that can't be bad but yeah sometimes
it's funny sometimes it's not I have no
strong opinions oh those guys nauseous
what kind of beer liquor here I'm
drinking New Glarus Brewing Company Moon
Man no Coast Pale Ales so fine gifts
fine declares beer st. people who makes
pot account recommend another book
jacket finish the wool that was good
woman great I actually don't know what
I'm reading next I'm just gonna see what
else he wrote our wait did you read all
the other ones in the in the silo series
after wool there's the shift series
which is like the prequel to wool and
then after that is uh is dust which is
the which is the episode 7 it's a wall
you're saying words yeah it's about
books so there's there's like two other
collections after wool that take place
in the same universe they're not as good
as wool but I'm doing well so much that
I just liked living in that world a
little bit longer so
didn't you start reading whoa like three
months ago no I finished whoa like three
months ago whoo that's an important
question jack what does a pizza roll
taste like crap
oh you're going that direction I was
gonna I was gonna give it up flower
interview
what do you mean pizza rolls tastes like
failure I love pizza rolls I really do
it delicious it tastes like cotton gooey
deliciousness kind of like a pizza kind
of like a roll strategise do it
rich doesn't have the heatsink he won he
only has what he has I have to be the
octopus guy to get that I am the octopus
guy instead i strategized my way out of
the situation by using the weapons that
weren't designed to beat this guy
effectively because I fucking rock
fairly impressive I'm happy with that
yeah that was that was impressive rich
is mega man that's for it
he used his lion brain to beat the ha
that's ready jack
totally not Jake asks if I've ever tried
Reds strawberry ale I don't care much
for the for that kind of like hard cider
apple ale or stuff like that so no
there's nothing in here really it's just
it's a dead end
all right so waste of everybody's time
oh my god you guys all right this is a
great song
no I know that's it's not nice to call
it bitch beer it's you know what drink
whatever you like drink in it and that's
fine it's just not what I care for
anything so where did I'm missin missin
back here rich go down for something
mister mister lover right
Jack have you ever had non-alcoholic
beer they get that Holloway I remember
okay uh I think I remember right
oh my god nice nice use boomerang get it
all over to that babe you got it
it's definitely funny girl bitch no no
drink whatever you like exactly like if
you like if you like our insider that's
great
do what you do whatever you want all the
time that's a rule number one right
turn down for what
like I'm on my last life now right
hacked me oh no I hate this fucking
thing
joslyn's Adar asks a very good question
rich cannot answer it now because he is
facing up what is that he's facing a
robot uterus and he needs to implanted
like he's cool I like how I like the
water flows though flow okay so here's
the question right yeah cool in a in a
good Mega Man movie who would play Mega
Man a good one probably wouldn't be
live-action anyway I don't know let's
assume let's assume it's a lie let's
assume there's a good live action later
jean-claude Van Damme yeah that is not
the correct answer
for literally any other movie that is
our goodness Samuel Jackson yes they go
that's true I'm tired these robots in
this motherfucking level
I'm tired these motherfucking snake
robots from motherfucking snake man does
this arm cannon say bitch - you know I
got the cord all fucked up but you know
tell me with Nizam Kansas it says badass
motherfucker binary mother fucker do you
speak it
that's okay yeah you know like that's
actually a tough question is like the
bigger questions like what personality
doesn't make a man yeah it's a weird
thing to cast yeah a very weird question
but you know someone kind of think you
know like did you ever read up like
Astro Boy game to come are down no like
that like that Astro Boy I think it's
fun I know the fiance was fond of recent
TV show they made a faster boy oh yeah I
have not seen glad I haven't seen much
of it it's there's a really interesting
ideas in Astro Boy where it's like you
know childlike wonder in a super
destructive robot yeah so I think I
think giving him to like a younger actor
and playing it similarly to that could
be fun Jaden Smith obviously your right
hand you think you know Elijah Wood is
on a different career path dead Dental
Red Cliff
nope nothing
I'm thinkin Daniel Radcliffe yeah
nailed it nailed it that's that's who
would make a great burger man Dan the
ring yes yeah yes he's got that he's got
a little innocents got a little edge to
him boyish even still yep nailed it
yeah he's old now but so good
shark net Charlie day apparently today
would be a great making my baby Daniel
Radcliffe is Megaman and Charl and
Charlie day is X here's the most
important part cast another man not big
a minute dr. Wiley who is dr. Wiley
who's the main villain yeah
Oh
that's that's the question right there
oh my god race you must pay attention
right Christopher Lloyd would be a great
dr. Wiley
I mean he might be dead
no you don't think no he didn't do weird
stuff but dr. Wiley and you seem to be
evil he's great he's like think about
the Framed Roger Rabbit right yeah but
doctor what does he dr. Wiley just can
he beat I'm just saying I just want to
see I guess basically I just want to see
Christopher Lloyd in more things that's
fine he's getting up there yeah I don't
think I could do it anymore but he's
actually too old no like it can't be a
Michele 87 is saying someone like Willem
Dafoe no he's too evil yeah he's too you
need you need cartoony evil yeah what
you need is Christopher Lloyd like 20
years ago
well who else could play to that kind of
over the top but still dramatic people
what the fuck indeed
Xaro poor oh I almost died of instant
death Spock's
zoravar Oh rich almost died because you
subscribed so thank you it's more
entertaining that way
I should really farm there was a bunch
of things I have yeah see like Malkovich
even Gary Oldman who can play anything
as far as I'm concerned and should maybe
Gary love the bitch is the best I've
heard so far no Malkovich is too
over-the-top Gary Oldman can you do the
cartoony did you see fidelity a long
long time ago remember what he wasn't it
so yeah he's he's the bad guy
sit down remember nothing much so yeah
he just heard to me everybody just go to
John Lithgow Jenna let's go yeah we're
back in the game
does dr. wily have to have a German
accent they know is that absolutely
necessary
no dr. Riley does not have that a German
accent I always pictured with the German
access he have a German accent I don't
know he's never had spoken dialogue
anywhere right
John Goodman is the best doctors and ice
maybe dr. John Goodman would be--would
man
oh he would now he's too you can't you
can't have all people be any of the
robot masters
you know you just say Christoph Waltz
because he's in everything right now
ooh Grimm wants to know as far as dr.
Wily's concerned what about it Jim
Carrey Oh
oh my god Grimm you just made you just
favorite to pause the game and
contemplate a Jim Carrey doctor dr.
Wiley
yes oh my god you did yes yes I mean he
would drive up the budget for the movie
we're just uh casting it we're not we're
not we're not sneaking it though there's
a difference
I'm saying I'm saying if we get a Jim
Carrey you know that's that's gonna
we're gonna do a lot more studio
involvement
Adam Sandler as Megaman perfect
bread spider no come on he doesn't he
shouldn't max it anything anymore come
on that's very funny
Oh chug chug Super Nintendo Wow all
right I jumped too late and I died
you did it you did a bad thing down to
zero no way
well how'd I get two more lives Jesus
Christ I'm not doing as bad as I thought
you know what I'm gonna go out on a limb
here and say that I don't like Joseph
gordon-levitt
I've never liked him I've never like
seen obviously a third Rock from the Sun
but I don't like him I dislike I don't
like looking at his face really yeah we
were casting the Mega Man movie Oh who
suggested Joseph gordon-levitt yeah so I
want someone in there you know you know
I suggested for mega man Daniel
Radcliffe really yeah who do you who
would you go with I say no idea about
mega man problem with Mega Man no I know
what he looks like that's about it what
I'm sorry it's not a jerk thing I just
don't like looking at his face I'm sorry
you know I cast Howie Mandel in my part
as Mega Man Howie Mandel as Mega Man
okay
why how ahead Howie Mandel is dr. wily
jack is being kind of Rochelle because
everyone does everyone love Joseph
gordon-levitt is that it's pretty much
everybody I like Jake Gyllenhaal
I like Keanu Reeves I mean I like a lot
of people I just don't like him what
have you seen him he's in everything
what have you seen him in I mean these
days in the Batman Returns that's not
the movie that's Danny DeVito you're
thinking of he said that Batman he's
another Batman Forever
he's in Batman reborn he plays he plays
George Clooney in Batman Forever he's
he's no Howie Mandel is all I'm saying
because how Amanda also plays Batman in
Batman Forever Batman Returns thank
never turns to Mega Man what's the movie
oh yeah different the Dark Knight Rises
oh I don't like him in that it's a light
title because you have Batman Begins
Dark Knight
you need another title there's different
yeah but in the Dark Knight made free
eight billion dollars i assuming that
has a lot to do with it yeah that has
everything to do with it yeah so I
didn't like him in that movie but I also
I just didn't like them something that I
did not even though I liked inception I
didn't like him and inception because
it's kind of fuckin babyface and he's
supposed to be like a doctor scientist
that's kind of my problem Ellen Page in
that movie like she looks like a kid
same thing yeah yeah I'm with you I'm
fine with just a girl
Ellen Page is a second kid I mean I'm
sure he's a nice guy he seems you know
what he seems like a really nice guy did
you like him I'm third Rock from the Sun
yes okay I'm gonna remember about I mean
I know he was on that show but I didn't
really watch it I have the same problem
with Shia little son I loved was just
like at work he I feel I deal in the
same way about him going to be about
dirty birth mother I didn't used to have
a proper Shia LaBeouf's okay whatever
he's mine but but then he started
pulling this plagiarism plagiarism as
art bullshit Paige no idea Ellen page's
Supergirl
oh no Ellen Page in super
about patience right now they're saying
Ellen Page is superb shoes grand
oh and super oh yeah I like it but I
read that as Ellen Page is Supergirl
which I like them you like a super girl
more than super I haven't seen support
you still did you watch it super is
great it's so good okay I believe

[Part III]
so which Mega Man game is us X Mega Man
X I mean it's actually 10 just called
Mega Man it's just called X because it
was the Super Nintendo Mega Man
so what numbers Mega Man game business 9
I think would be so close I yell then
number the old style ones differently
I've actually gone on the older ones
after they made this yeah in the release
time yes yep x3 x4 x5 and x6
okay so anything except m2x syriza's yes
i mean mr. mustard says jack doesn't
like Dark Knight Rises Jack is fucking
buggin y'all lots of people didn't like
Dark Knight Rises yeah I didn't think
that was a controversial opinion it was
controversial that we defended it so
much did you we did oh you know I don't
watch your show
that's understand we don't watch you
know one of you has to watch it to edit
it now we don't even do that yeah this
is kind of like online we hit buttons
until it until it's a video everyone
thinks the jump cuts are a stylistic
thing
so many pencils and pay the ass yeah
okay you know what the supernintendo
means to some blast proccesing up in
here because man is chugger fun let me
have an emulator because you know that
would happen technically work force
tolerance that allows we don't have them
super metroid deal with us today ah
Super Metroid I'm not sure but we will
play Super Metroid
I love Super Metroid everybody loves
Super Metroid Jay was a Super Metroid yeah
I played Super Metroid I like Super
Metroid in a small little collection of
games that I played it wasn't a lot
there right rich Nintendo the Super
Nintendo needs a solid-state hard guy
he's nothing he's played megaman can't
see the jokes you can't see the jokes
yes John Kilo or Jay is where the turtles
in time is in the building
oh yeah but right now with my mega man
so subtle that I guess
isn't there some confusion the Super
Nintendo game is turtles in time right
is what Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles for
Turtles turtles in time okay and then
the third Ninja Turtles movie isn't that
also subtitled turtles in time I don't
know about that I bet I they time travel
in the third movie but I do think it's
called Turtles time I just think it's
called it's just a coincidence that
they're both about time traveling I'm
looking this up later okay
if you have the sound on TV because you
can get the sound the situation or yep
so that's that word that's how we're
running it's nice gonna do it and if you
know it's working yeah three is just
call three it's not call turtles in time
okay I guess people just get it confused
with the game because they're both
turtles in time you know that makes
sense yeah
people are saying that that was added
later on video okay that's one brighten
up that video early maybe that was like
the little not like not a part of the
official title it's pretty dumb old club
yeah you've heard this expression cousin
probably you're on the same time right
that game in that movie sure no yeah
well yeah I'm sure get to the bottom of
these things if only I had advice
turtles 3 it was 93 really that late
yeah
the exam room right some classmates that
were excited about it and I was like
really still it got me too old for this
I had some something learned to school
what they wanted to see it okay and the
video game was 91 okay so pretty close
pretty close cryo sixes TMNT three fuck
you it's the nineties yep
that really sucks yeah at it I didn't
see in the theater I saw it I saw that
video later
hey how about Sean wookie 42 thank you
for subscribing we're really appreciated
Jay Mario Mario would like you to
discuss horse vomit and it's pretty
self-explanatory I think okay they got
means horse moments I hit I did find out
later that horses can't vomit so they
kind of throws the whole movie of the
window horses apparently horses are
incapable of vomiting really so yeah so
the whole movies fucked and I gotta have
to disown it now that seems weird I know
you would think anything with you know
be able to apparently there's some of my
horses that don't vomit we only like
grass but is not just that they don't it
so they they're incapable of doing so
that's this is what I understand but
they but they probably have less need to
that insurable sure but you would still
think like no matter what like if you
have a stomach you have the advantage
and an intake you would have the
availability we're all different
well you know maybe if horses were
designed rather than just evolved that
would be the case
John kilo apparently says that also
ferrets Phillips can't vomit this is
what he's saying he's smelling vomit
have you ever been around a ferret those
things sting
apparently junkie a ferret expert people
that first a bite yeah we had ferrets of
my hustle for a little while when I was
growing up and they they stunk space
Comeau wants to know if I grew up on a
farm why am I not a horse
vomiting expert because he did not grow
up in a horse farm yes I did not grow up
on a horse farm also it just has never
come on it's not something you would
think about regularly now that's why I
didn't think about it when I made horse
ramen I didn't do my research and you
know what that's a good tip for people
make a film about something make sure
you know what we can do make sure you
understand the subject thoroughly
absolutely otherwise you horribly
embarrass yourself like I did with horse
wellman I'm supposed to be my
masterpiece
yep and now it's just a joke yeah you've
ruined your career
yeah as a horse vomit filming I had
sequels all planned out
I've seen new treatments and you know we
the real bad part is we've already
secured funding 20th Century Fox has
signed onto caboose and now we're gonna
have to make some really uncomfortable
stuff
because you know it's fun to include
people in the room in the conversation
oh you made me what motor comes I may
just crack that brain brain I did not
grow up on a llama farm I grew up near a
llama farm there on the farm near mark
near our place yep mamas are weird
oh no not llamas you emus big difference
Jaime it was an emu farm there is a
difference something clearly because
they've different names by the way not
only big difference that's weirder yeah
I could see they llamas in Wisconsin no
no emus that's weird
everything's fine just you know when
Chrome runs out of memory chrome ran out
of memory everything's fine Firefox ever
run out of memory I don't know it
doesn't I run out of memory
yeah you're a robot
Mega Man is a robot and you're giving in
a bigger robot is he is Mega Man a robot
yeah oh you didn't know that no I don't
know anything about Mega Man we played a
couple of week that's like a ma'am 101 I
I play very little Mega Man growing oh I
thought I saw does it dude the suit has
he got a human head was he like Robocop
Android data from Star Trek okay yeah
he's a humanoid robot
all right everyone you fight in Mega Man
is a robot all right dig neutral I was
talking about Primus I've been listening
to prom - hi mrs. green both pork soda
and Frizzle Frye have been coming up a
lot on the random shuffle lately I've
had both albums oh yeah fucking Primus
man they're the greatest yeah Primus is
good if you gotta get an album you get
yourself that frizzle fry and rock out
to some good dance
look what songs are on that one that is
like there's a racecar driver
oh yeah there's a sample from Texas
Chainsaw Massacre - enduros racecar
driver
yeah yeah when you hear that dog will
hunt that's what Texas Chainsaw Massacre
Park - no that's I do remember that some
mr. OHS racecar driver said Jerry's
going ones everyone we're known as big
brown beaver is not that one it's true
he was a race car driver I pretty sure
I know a doctor yeah the guy who wrote
Texas Chainsaw Massacre - just died
recently Oh Kirsten secret we're gonna
honor where this I'm just gonna give up
sailing on the sea if cheese is good -
yes I have that one
oh they're saying you are preggers
I know some things and especially when
they're related to sex Chainsaw Massacre
part two yes
my name is bud is a good one to you but
that's poor persona is it I believe I
get albums in which song is around which
albums confused at what I just saw
someone asked asked me the question was
Jack are you mr. know-it-all
the answer is obviously no I know I know
very little about a lot of things though
I think that
Chris J crazy got love the same that eat
Google the horse vomit
yeah and was led to these psychology the
psychology of vomit homepage
that's a bank I'm gonna look into that
sure to have your tissue samples you
heard me that's perverse oh sure mr.
know-it-all is the Primus reference see
that's another thing I didn't know just
like the breakfast I'm not I'm I'm not a
fan I mean I'm a fan I mean I like their
music but you're not well versed in like
song titles and shit like that
that's that's about everything pop
culture that I like that I can
understand that I am very bad at like
remembering actors and actresses names
and you know directors you know that
kind of stuff I'm not good at that kind
of movie stuff I know bring all the
music stuff even things I like I yeah I
can't keep track on a lot of things yeah
are they saying you can climb the wall
rich oh well
that's right gobbledygook enjoy the art
not the artists the artists alone is
responsible for the art though oh shit
you're right Jay how about doing
everyone all of them can we can we talk
about too many cooks speaking of art and
how amazing it is that that thing has
caught on the way it has yes how great
that is cuz people are not just saying
hey look at this weird video like people
are talking about it and dissecting it
and forming like thoughts on what it
means and I think that's wonderful and
it aired during infomercials elsewhere
yeah
no no advertisement no prompting just a
weird thing that happened that you know
3:00 a.m. yeah we talked about this on
Sunday a little bit oh yeah that's our
chance to see it guess you didn't walk
you in watch too many cooks I'm sorry
you want to film me watching it it
probably wouldn't get like a super
hilarious reaction yeah it's super great
you can spoil it for the same I know I'm
not gonna spoil it now if you haven't
seen too many cooks now people are gonna
say it's overhyped so if someone watches
I didn't live up to the hype sure but
when I first saw it it was I think I
don't know it had maybe a couple
thousand views I just saw a thing on the
a/v Club about it and I was like this is
brilliant yes and and it's it's that
kind of comedy that goes into waves yeah
well to me it's more than just the
comedies I think it's just a really
clever short film like there like it is
funny it's like it started out like the
first few minutes there's like okay I
get the joke conceptually I find this
funny I'm not laughing yeah and then it
just goes in such different directions
and becomes this different thing yeah
yeah I just think it's really great that
something like that is caught because
it's essentially an experimental film
and like they have the fact that that
has reached an audience that normally
wouldn't watch something like that it's
it's accessible in a way
a lot of that stuff isn't nothing is
wonderful I mean that's me and it's not
is that it's not smart the cat I don't
remember the cat so let's say yes yeah
Oh its plot
mega plot it's a cutscene fuck it it's
mega plot the only I have bad to say
about too many cooks is that I've had
that song stuck in my head too many
forever now it's it's in there for life
now and the gonk fund out of the dead
that's an endless loop too many cooks on
the gong
you're right the gipsy danger a family
is like a stew actually makes me think
of something I have a story it's a
little bit of a downer we'll try to not
to turn it into too much without okay
but I have a little bit of story think
about coming in right now
I was I was thinking recently on the
very first live comedy that I saw okay
and when I was 16 my cousin big guy
we're super into comedy central stand-up
comedy generally synchros they used to
play a lot of it yeah yeah not as much
anymore and coming to town as an old
comedy cafe that we don't have here
anymore not comedy cafe but like some
comedy chapeau front late I think
there's a cute deal go there now okay
they used to be a comedy bar and the
amazing Jonathan I remember well I think
he's still around yes I remember him
from when I was young young yeah and I
think he went away for a little while
and he kind of came back he never went
away you know where he went
Reno okay or Vegas or he went somewhere
sure magician comedian he he came to
town and he was at this comedy bar
we were only 16 and so we went and our
plan was to talk our way in okay because
you know obviously you can't be in a bar
and so we're talking to the doorman and
he's not he's not budging we're like
listen give us a special wristband we
won't have any dreams we just want to
see the amazing Jonathan we love what he
does to help help us out here no no we
can't do that he's like we can't let you
in unless you are a company
by a parent or guardian okay fun
all the sudden two older ladies have
place their hands on our shoulders and
say oh we're in their mums it's fun this
complete strangers that overheard this
going on and of course Jenny can ever
like so that was me like washing my
hands people can't see you in a good
sure oh fuck this this looks frustrating
rich this is how do you even how do you
even do this I'm assuming there's more
to your story there is okay but that's
alright because I'll just continue down
okay so we see a man it's great I really
do an amazing job it's it's a little
cheesy but you know it's fine
but recently the somewhat bummer of the
story is he just gave a live speaking
events and he is going to die soon oh
yes from wanted from a heart failure oh
god he's not that old either
no oh man just a hard Vegas life Wow
what kind of a bummer but I was really
glad I got to see him live sure first
time I got to see anybody live it was
great so hey everyone go find some
amazing Jonathan and enjoy it while you
can
cuz he's gonna be dead soon that's all I
got I don't see a lot of stand-up comedy
I wasn't really that into it except for
some very specific people so my first
live comedy show was Dora Carlin oh you
want God my great regret in life is I
never got to see joy I so enjoyed was
that most wonderful thing that's amazing
you gotta go to extremes you gotta
either seek legendary people like him
where you go to open mic nights and just
see people fail horribly that is the
greatest thing I like the rooms it's so
awkward cuz they're trying so hard and
they're fumbling over their words and
nobody's laughing it is the best thing
going to an open mic comedy now yours my
love I love open mic nights just because
I am a comedy person so like I in love
and especially if you go back week after
week you get to know the characters they
keep coming back but the good ones you
get to watch them refine their joke okay
see I've never seen any good ones so
everyone I've been through they've been
our aboard the good ones you know cuz
that's why you do open mic nights that's
why you do all this stuff it's like
changing jokes like no sure yeah honing
your craft as they say what so yeah
there's a couple there's a couple good
up there like nature my favorite lady
she was I went to this one like several
weeks in a row because a friend of mine
was doing and I got to know this lady
that showed up every week where the
comically large t-shirt was a picture of
a can on it and she would get up on
stage and she wouldn't tell jokes she
would just tell like stories from being
in college and her friends from college
and this is like a 40-something year old
and she would not even attempt to tell
jokes to just tell stories about her
college experiences
it was it was great she was my favorite
her and she were the same giant capture
every week that's right take the
birthday boy
she was waiting to die it was ladies
pizza I've seen Megan I'm sure there
were venues that have people that show
up that are good yeah the one I went to
just was not one of them well it's you
know sometimes it's really tough because
you know you'll see the same people week
after week and then you see those people
that tell a joke and it bums yeah they
come back the next week and until the
same joke the same way maybe things will
be different this time it's just like
you hit like yeah I could try it a
couple times but man either ditch the
Joker Jam do something but it's cuddly
it's a problem with the audience so if
you do it next week for a different
audience you're gonna get a different
reaction absolutely
which is saying they thought FTL look
intense but know this you know this this
does look kind of nerve-wracking Mega
Man yo I guess come on come on Jeff
wants to know if you have anything to
say about the battery about the battery
oh I love the battery you do you know
the battery rich I I haven't seen it but
I know who made it okay yeah it's it's
some old friends of ours that made it
and it was very happy for them
it's it's a it's a very good movie if
you like slow it's not it's I mean
there's zombies in it which is like
zombies are played out of course but
it's not really about the zombies it's
about these two guys and it's yeah it's
a really good movie I like it a lot and
I'm very happy for those guys and it's
out from scream Factory I'm luring so it
was like oh my old friends and scream
factory got together this is wonderful
bless our drugs we're done though the
Mr. Plinkett right the brother made
he had to oh yeah the fun facts of the
now-defunct red letter media app was
designed by the editor of the battery so
so there's that
I don't have to you don't know these
things are these people I don't know any
of these things these people that's okay
okay but the battery is is worth
checking out if you're into minimalist
character-driven low-budget horror
builders and it's very funny to their
what what the fuck there was an app
there was there was it's now defunct
because the person that was doing it
does not have time to work on it anymore
so maybe in the future we'll be able to
bring it back hopefully
they're asking where they can't rewind
people yes they were okay that was the
message board good yes you message
orders
this is the one I know oh no oh no no
what intimidating that is funny rich is
shooting the robot emus or lemons it's a
penguin no oh oh before the robot
England but before he was shooting
things that look like a robot ostriches
are already which was kind of a bottom
oh the fuck says he wants his $0.99 back
for that now defunct out
I send us an email liked about the app
damn no the app was great it's just the
person that did it didn't have time to
keep working on it yeah well you know
major it's far from a major but that's
okay no a shop for like six grand oh man
yeah with a crew of like two
you
I've mutation no Jay has not played PC
yeah
PT it's a video um the last time I
played was outlast and that was great
until it became like a video game and
then I didn't like it yeah I started to
feel like a video game that's the thing
when they won't call a demo a demo right
it's it's a level that's what a demo is
it's usually the full first level in a
game a full level of the game that's
devil it's always been called the demo
and I'm not gonna stop calling a demo
because some idiot wants to call it
which sounds tarted and doesn't tell you
what it is opt is related to another
game right yeah it's a Silent Hill game
Silent Hill oh that's right I think this
has come up before but now because you
liked that good horror game everyone is
recommending other more games that you
need to play because you know the one
people keep mentioning because it's sort
of Twin Peaks II is deadly premonition
listen we'll get to it guys a lot of
games out there we'll get to and I don't
even always feel like playing games they
usually tell it right although I didn't
enjoy outlast for a while I was getting
into it yeah that looked nice it looks
mysterious yeah
PC stands for playable teaser
whole demo on the fucking demo yeah that
make it sound more exciting also like
for all the people that are saying
please the little X Jay please
let me out of my cage so I can play
these we're not stopping him sometimes
he wants to play what's the man beep
yeah we are gonna play shadow in the
classes rich is gonna play Jenna other
classes that's that's a game then yeah
there are certain people that love that
game riches have played it
yeah fuckin it's a game called Shadow of
the Colossus it's an amazing game
imagine a game in which there are only
boss battles
oh but the boss and but not only is the
boss battle the battle it's also the
level because they're giant philosophy
colossi is this little reason game No so
it's actually a ps2 game okay and it's
fantastic I'm a monster and rich is a
Monica well obviously actually what are
we talking about that madam said one
would be reign over maybe a No
I think I see right over me um yes no
that's the one we represent he's like a
911 I was way : 11 yeah that's a Shadow
of the Colossus is the game that he is
obsessed with in Reno okay Oh Clem
Fandango makes a good point he says no
play games when we say to play dance for
us don't you know that's a good point
clip that's sure to get you listened to
since you put it that way yep
Mike and Jesse oh yeah I thought Jack
why are you talking to yourself
filled space and time
hey is everybody excited that we're
gonna land a satellite a meteor I
thought that already happened yeah yeah
oh my deal is I feel like it was going
to happen true I gave that the wrong
tense yeah and I apologize is anyone
excited that we landed a satellite on
media I'll be more excited when we land
on something right here baby
I know the man on the moon will be
excited we related a ping on something
moving week underbars what would I care
about our lack what they do in some sort
of life even if happening I would've
liked to see that it's a comet not a
meteor UI UI father as you're correct
okay comet is in space
you're right meteor is when it's falling
and when it's on the earth it's a
meteorite yes those are the different
definitions I think we should be more
scared of those though maybe we
shouldn't be landing things on them
because if I learned anything from
Creepshow means I'm gonna turn into a
giant moss my monster if I come in
contact with a meteor
yeah but most often they give you
superpowers though I guess you don't
know until you try it yeah if you see a
meteor be sure to touch it because maybe
you'll get superpowers what was the bad
9 days with meteor man meteor man India
man and that's not the plot of
Chronicles there found footage movie
that makes an instrument that was a was
that a meteor wow I haven't seen that
since the theater I kinda want to
re-watch that movie I liked it that was
I think it was a nebulous like it was
they were in a cave
who's this guy now banana this is an
armadillo man okay
he turned it into an armadillo did they
have actual names like that like
armadillo man in that are older mega
man's they did I just won this armored
armadillo or something literally silly
okay
oh you fucker Jack why are you talking
to yourself again I'm psyching myself up
to tell you sound like a crazy man when
it's not a satellite either apparently
the thing that landed on the mount of
meteor so not a satellite didn't not
land not a meteor
mostly that's really funny
nASA has landed satellites on asteroids
before the only differences we've meant
to land this is it back yo Josh that's
what I just
oh oh that's exactly what happened Scott
back he like quantum leaped into my body
that and he's just trying to figure out
what's going on you're gonna look in the
mirror and say I'm retarded
I get Landon in interest men's body oh
no I think the Bears just suck
is that is that necessary that look rich
I'm just talking smack that's what you
do when it comes to target about the
Bears versus the Packers if the Bears if
the next time that the Packers played
the Bears if the Bears kick their ass
you can gloat all you want you got to
rub it in say that you know it's not
gonna happen you never know if it did
happen I would expect you the globe
that's that's that's what happens when
you talk about sports it's true they're
all saying the things that would happen
you promised a or at least another that
one next to me okay I'm about to ask a
serious question about constantly canon
okay did they ever go into how people
reacted after he left out of there no I
don't think so no like yeah every
episode ended with him leaping out yeah
thank and they need to the next person
would ever be able the next day ever
deal with the aftermath know what Jesse
where she's like a
who is this guy no this is a dynamo
something or other Oh Electric man all
these characters are silly well yeah now
they're gonna mega man cartoons yeah I
feel like just care of Ben if there was
oh really
yeah yeah oh you fucker
I've not had one continuous ring you
know cold ham come again I agree I did
this I really disliked the ending of
quantum leap yeah I don't even know how
it ended he met a guard at bar club that
was a bartender bartender who was gone
he met he met their God oh my god God
guys what's the quantum weight god it
was like God yeah he met God guy was
like yeah I'm up at 70 all the places
and you never just see your wife again
yeah everything's good everything's
you're gonna keep leaping forever and
simply ask you know I thought it was
really unsatisfying anything okay I
agree with you I don't remember
I'm that gorgeous oh it's the ghost
there's the ghost by the way and got a
spooky ghost too misty everything today
both we're gonna have to like pause the
game because we heard oh yeah oh here
not noise a lot of no worries it back no
simply can't see anything fellow that
enjoys it sounded like a plastic bucket
falling from the height of about 560
really made it one dump sounded like a
plastic bucket something might have
fallen over and it's very likely
Oh someone's saying they're having
technical issues with quick guerrilla
interrupted DVD
well what issues are you having that's
just the movie they're saying it only
plays with commentary um that should not
be congratulations are you how are you
watching it I'm your computer or
something because on the DVD player
we've done multiple tests on multiple
players and again I read a problem I
mean you might have a I mean it's it's
only you know replicated DVD it's not
just like a DVD yard right so I honestly
I have no idea
I guess what Jane's trying to say it's
probably your fault
well what I will say is well how are you
watching it are you watching it on a
computer that's the only thing I can
think of that would be a weird factor
I'm sorry to hear you're having issues
ken can you get it to play without
commentary and it just defaults to
commentary or yeah this is the first
I've ever heard of this
on my computer I'll try it on the DVD
player come tears good come there's good
anyway I'm pretty sure I've tested me on
the computer too but is it a PC or a Mac
you might you might have a weird default
setting on your DVD player on your
computer and maybe that might be a
possibility because yeah it definitely
should not be doing that yeah if it's a
PC so you're watching it on I'm just
gonna blame it on the fact that you're
watching it on PC about that yeah get
and get VLC obviously it's a great
player and they have plenty of options
as far as audio channels now share
enough PLC's a great market
right click and change audio track all
these are good suggestions thank you Jeb
yeah I don't know why would default it
but there should still be an option in
there somewhere to change it to yes the
regular
of course here right now they're saying
VLC is horrible
well VLC has been around for a while
right is there like a newer player that
people choose over it I don't use VLC I
don't use any real player I mean I've
seen goes to the show I saw a ghost in
the shell' in the theater oh when it
came to the oriental theater I was gonna
say that had to be the Oriental right
the only places where I could ever play
something like that I don't actually I
don't think I've seen it since then
which was you know over a decade ago I'm
sure I'd like the relaunch goes to the
show I remember really doing even a
decade ago but did you go it wasn't like
a first-run thing right that was like a
rerelease cuz I remember ghost in the
shell' from when I was in high school he
said maybe more than a decade ago that
oh no yeah I saw her front of the
theater
okay oh you got eaten
take the birthday boy I'm not that much
of a hipster I don't only watch unsubbed
anime in original jeopardy
my imported laser business I actually I
know we went to talk about this before
and I know this makes me a horrible
person but I don't like you know I was
in a blockbuster once back when
blockbuster was still a thing yeah and
this was right around the time that
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon came out
on video which was pretty big movie that
was a pretty big crossover mainstream
success that's a little bit I was in a
blockbuster with my friend Ryan and
someone in front of us was the clerk was
trying to convince this person to rent
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon and
they're they're like we have nothing to
do with this conversation we're just
standing in line behind him and the and
the person that if they were trying to
convince was like oh I don't I don't
like reading subtitles and my friend
Ronny just blurts out he's a very loud
person he just blurts out wha
why are you illiterate that's a total
dick for no reason to a complete
stranger you know I like I like watching
the movies first like overdone sometimes
they're all bad I've never seen a good
dub then i rewatch it with the subtitles
I know what's going on but I'd like add
this I like to take in the visuals of
the movie without you can do that while
still reading sometimes I can do that no
I'm Han I have a tiny tiny brain okay
not liking subtitles means you aren't
using your line brain you're right
mm-hmm Theodore J hooker I'm using my
crocodile brain jack record confirmed
for death I am I am I'm very I have
terrible hearing I have tinnitus there's
a constant
my ears and I'm sure I will lose my
hearing at some point because I did a
really bad job taking care of my ears I
did not wear your phones my Western rock
show yeah yeah I didn't a lot either
that was probably a bad decision yep not
probably it was a bad decision terrible
decision and I guess we should point out
when we say Rock Shows we mean like tiny
venues not like a big arena where you go
to see you know Aerosmith or something
but when you're in a tiny Club and
there's a lot of music playing that's
bad for your ears it really is because
they all play way too loud yeah
and you're exactly three inches away
from all of their amplifiers yes and it
hurts
Oh people are agreeing with me on the
subtitle thing what really I were
agreeing with you on something this is
shocking
I'll find the turnaround jack
Oh God and it's all because people that
don't want to read subtitles i well
watch the movie and read the fucking
subtitles how hard is that can't you do
it twice can't you watch the movie twice
no watch the movie the way it was
intended to be seen with the actual
language dubs are horrible I've never
seen a good deal by the way I would
prefer watching it in the language I
didn't understand than reading subtitles
how about that how about that people
agree with you those are the two people
I read so fuck you I'm just glancing
over while I'm left enriched by mega man
I commit when I watch this subtitle
buddy after a while I forget I'm reading
I'm able to just soak in the words and
see them individuals it's not an issue
for me
you know what it's been a while since
I've had this come up so you know
perhaps now but I you know me I'm a tiny
eighty what this one I love that you're
farming I think it's great
well we don't slash bossman I won't have
full yeah no I'm sure that's the exact
point tip this little one more important
thing
just one I want to get through this game
without a continuous this is I mean
you've been rocking it
you've been rocking it
oh okay now everyone is with Jay of
course they are Zoe's just read the
fucking subtitles oh I don't like them I
will say there are times that I'm not in
the mood to read subtitles yeah and when
that happens I just don't watch the
movie I save it for later but I would
never choose a dub over over subtitles
like unless it's something like Mario
Bo's demons or like a like a corny movie
then the dubs can be funnier like a
Godzilla movie oh actually in you know
what I got my order wrong i watch it
with the subtitles so I know what's
happening and then I watch it again
either with the dubs or in the original
language just to take in let's see that
sounds even worse no cuz then I know
what's going on and then I can just take
in the same the second time you you know
if you find out what's going on if you
watch it the first time with subtitles
and you don't pay attention to the
subtitles no I'm saying I watch it the
first time with the subtitles and I read
the subtitles okay but then I might end
up but then I watch it again with no
subtitles this sounds way too cumbersome
it's it's the crocodile written i I
guess so
this is how I do that this is everything
you're saying is weird it's true I can
barely read the chat without fucking
this is
traffic doesn't take me that long to
read it does I think I'm a slow reader I
enjoy reading but maybe that's maybe
that's harder I'm sorry okay well thank
that that could be a saint yeah
is this the final boss I've got a game
yeah I wouldn't even play in this oh
come on
all right half I have no concept of
space or time okay we've been playing
this for what we this is only our second
game oh yeah we play we did play a lot
of the Super Smash TV which was probably
a bad
you
trying to remember what's effective
against the sky I don't recall
that's the chat though I'm just kind of
what I'm doing right now
oh good maybe I'm assuming you're
assuming someone's gonna be lighting
don't be so passive-aggressive about
just ask for help I was getting into
that but y'all jumped over me there I'm
working at my own pace I see that's fine
you can
- jumped from a wall they're saying try
spinning you know what yeah I figured
I'm just using me
Zig neutral that's a funny joke but
that's about a different game they're
not giving you any good advice he's a
robot he doesn't have a skeleton pine
resin won't help oh that's a good a
fistful of metal says try shooting the
boss until it dies you guys are jerks
I'm assuming that is what you're
supposed to do though right technically
they're right
they're saying you should level up your
resistance which has no patience for
these jokes kill the turtle wants to
know why we are streaming on a Wednesday
because we actually do are you just
joining us say shotgun nice is that a
thing a shotgun okay okay oh okay that
oh uh sorry do you know what you guys
were giving such a bad advice and then I
saw shotgun a nice and so I decided that
that was another joke that's a real
thing that's the penguin Thomas okay
penguin
should be called penguin for sure I
didn't name it like if we usually stream
Sunday nights and Wednesday nights in
fact I'm the switch player I made a
little thing that says we usually scream
from something as incidents well there
you go
so I mean they were just trying to be
funny oh sure I don't know back
although you didn't stream last
Wednesday right we didn't so you took a
week off not even a week off we took a
day off
oh but first you gotta kill his dog
that's a good advice jump then jump
again then keep jumping so rich isn't
know what I'm sorry Chad I don't use
their real name this is copyright
infringement
no that's the laser that is a light safe
without that is a laser sword no that is
a plasma saber no way you can say saber
no you can't say saver that is a that is
a plasma katana you can say laser sword
I think what about energy
what's another paper sword of energy
cutter everything shotgun shotgun ice it
did like dick damage oh yeah Jay did you
see evil in TV show yeah and well he had
heard about it a while back I don't know
why people are going nuts now that
there's a new announcement maybe because
it's more official but they talked about
it a while back and I feel like I should
be more excited than I am
my first Campbell is he's still
charismatic but he's much older you know
it's gonna be hit it yeah
it's if the show is called ash versus
the evil death yeah oh he's in it the
best not like here yeah so I don't know
I'm sure it'll be entertaining I like
the Sam Raimi is directing at least some
of it but yeah he did I mean Bruce
Campbell he's still wondered to anybody
so much older now he's not gonna be able
to do the stuff that main email that -
great yeah so I don't know I'm sure
we'll be entertaining I'll watch it I'm
not super excited about it I almost feel
bad that I'm not worried
about it because evil had to change my
life
avenge the 11 default says dick damage
is dick neutrals cousin dick damage oh
my god the second four I agree with you
I'm also not excited because that listen
Bruce Campbell well it is even more than
that he's just older he can do the
physical stuff anymore and that's a big
part of that role yeah yeah what's he
gonna do I mean totally he'll have to
quit still say fun of you
you know wise ass stuff sure that'll be
great oh so I'm sure it'll be
entertaining rollin shield rollin shield
role yeah I'm okay it'll just be nice
it's always nice to see Bruce Campbell
in it yeah yeah I really liked him in
that Burn Notice I never watched I
always felt like I shouldn't watch that
show because he's on it but I've never
watched it that's fine it's a fun even
if the supporting character
yeah he's the wise ass best friend I
mean that's literally the party was born
to play watch that's best friend oh sure
so yeah I don't know I kind of got used
to him in that role now he had a lot so
just like I just want to see him be the
light of this yeah I think it's not so
yeah the fact that he's so much older
like physically he'll look different
yeah I mean I know what he looks like in
person but right now whoa it'll be weird
to see him again I don't know where it's
like it you know what if what maybe if
it was like a young Indiana Jones kind
of situation where he was just like kind
of the wrap-around character telling us
but I wouldn't want to see someone else
in their role either if you talk about
him younger nope no what could be fun is
if he teams up with the girl from the
remake the fucking chin saw through the
face of the other women yeah what's your
character's name because she she becomes
a pretty cool character by the end of
that movie yeah he's kind of a badass so
team them up and then then she can be
the young whippersnapper and he can be
seen you know smart ass things to her by
the way done that I'm calling Sam Raimi
right now there's no indication in the
Evil Dead remake that it is a remake
like it could take place in the same
universe so it up that would be a great
idea yeah I've heard take care of all
the badass stuff he just says the funny
things
ya know and drinks a beer he's great
they disappear yeah that even said
remake was fun it's good I rewatched it
somewhat recently and I actually liked
it more than I did the first time yeah
and I liked it the first time but it
took a while to get nuts it took a while
to get good yeah but it got there yeah I
felt like it got there I mean it rained
blood and that's not something that
happens too often anymore yes where it
rains actual blood makes you feel good
yeah it's kind of crazy we're gonna have
an Evil Dead series Twin Peaks is coming
back and what's the other series there's
another TV show that I was saying not
coming back but that I was surprised was
going to exist and I can't remember one
was dammit there was like three shows or
is like these are like weird cult things
and they're all coming back are they're
all they'll exist now sure I don't know
Wow what was the other one
dammit
I can't remember sorry maybe you should
explain to the string much ago all right
it's a day farming for I can figure out
what he's doing these things are all for
everybody and you know what they're okay
with it cuz they want they want you to
win as much as you want to win right
I took the time to find that fourth tank
I probably that's right not to be stupid
but roundups born that way oh you can
also use your shields a farm possibly
yeah that's what they're saying what do
you mean we can get up no we're playing
on an actual snus we can't speed it up
we are not emulating oh yeah I saw you
tweeting a photo to prove so because
obviously last I mean last time when we
actually play it on a real Nintendo
class that we didn't show proof of it
though yeah so people got confused I I
did not know about this oh my god oh my
god yeah we hear you I see you although
you're a little late okay that's what
they meant by faster yeah okay
it's the same thing but yeah now they he
kills him and it falls right onto the
sort of the scams oh yeah and then after
that i tweeted a dick pic okay it was
pacing themselves because they wanted
they want proof that we're playing as i
said you could take that picture I see
so and I was like okay tell them to take
a picture that's pretty good yeah
because we like obvious you were there
saying are you thinking of the
foundation TV series I don't know that
is so the answer is no I don't know what
that is oh that's a good question Jay
did you play the Friday the 13th remake
I can't because it's for PC I downloaded
it but it's for PC so I couldn't play I
played on something yeah it's great
okay I beat the show this piece man no
we're late not really good about that
it's actually a much better version of
the game Mike beat him eventually
oh god Jay in front of the TV with them
you can do it you can do it some reason
I'm having trouble dashing off of the
wall I know you can some reason and this
controller on this classic siness
controller I am trouble doing it for is
emulated with my own shit I can do it
very easily okay well they're saying
spark against a lightsaber yeah okay you
know that yeah I know that
I figured that okay great
but cyber camp has subjected kim
kardashian break your internet i don't
know what that means
as she been on the I mean I'm sure she's
on the internet she's gonna everyday
much did she did Kim Kardashian do
something I'm here today you know I
don't give a shit rich doesn't give a
shit what did Kim Kardashian do on the
internet today
I was working today so I did that pay
attention to the internet too much
I'm gonna wait so you guys tell me what
Kim Kardashian good today
Kim Kardashian's show her ass on the
Internet you guys know there's a sex
tape over right oh it's just it's just a
butt picture like you can right now if
you want to you can watch her have sex
with the dude
you want to I don't want to but I'm just
saying like who cares about her posting
a picture of her naked but people have
seen way worse
that's how was she got famous do you
guys remember that thought she was
famous because her mom and my dad a
reality show or something yeah but the
only reason they had a reality show was
because she was famous because of her
sex tape
I mean I obviously can't go - Ian
no Krieger you should never hope anyone
dies
wait the proper thing to say is you
would be indifferent if she did done but
don't ever hope that's me go already
well I am good did you know that Kim
Kardashian showed a bare bottom on the
Internet
apparently it's a big deal for some
reason because but but she was in a
pornography I like the way you phrase
that but yes that's true yeah why would
anyone care what isn't this for the
cover of some like mainstream magazine
now is that the what the deal is there's
things for a thing called paper magazine
magazine that ya know what paper
magazine is is that a mainstream it's I
mean it's yeah it's not like a you know
got like a like a playboy or something
like that like I think it's the type of
magazine that does not normally have
naked butts in it I don't know exactly
but I don't know why people would care
and care it's just this is the blood I'm
sure she I mean she has a fantastic but
don't care it was photoshopped to be
huge probably if you if you see a photo
and a magazine
chances are it's photoshopped except for
oh the Keira Knightley that was yeah
yeah I'm somewhat familiar on that yeah
so and also who cares
case they secure neither boobs we
already saw miss Titanic
listen let's Kate Winslet who's Keira
Knightley here nightly um she was in oh
god what movies was she in my thoughts
oh yeah she was Natalie Portman's double
and Phantom Menace I really thought that
was Bend It Like Beckham she was in that
now Oh Kate Winslet no it was all to
make it in like everything every movie
she's in she's naked that's why I was a
carrot Keira Knightley is much different
body type - who's Keira Knightley she's
an actress what's she doing
hi I am DB here the only thing I can
think of off the top my head is Bend It
Like Beckham oh and she is what's that
the Pirates pure being
oh yeah yeah she's in those room she's
in that movie with Steve Carell the
comedy about the end of the world what
was that called she's been in a ton of
stuff not a lot of things I've seen but
that's not real I was just I was just
showing a picture of Kim Kardashian's
naked but I'm gonna go ahead and agree
with anyone that says that that was
photoshopped
so I guess that's what the deal is that
is well I guess it could be an angle
actually maybe that's how it's maybe
it's purposefully photoshopped like a
statement like it like a satire yeah
like I know bigger brothers
well a better question is who cares
she's famous for nothing
no she's famous for having sex with
someone on the videotape okay sure
that's something like it stars her
famous Jay I don't I don't know who people
are I didn't we already have
one of the stories Kim Kardashian got
famous for having sex with a dude but
only because she was from my god like a
rich family
if Jesus some random girl that had sex
with a dude in a video no one who give a
shit but she comes from a pre-brief
well-known family
saying ice against the dogs yeah I shot
gun against the dog laser against the
lightsaber it's gonna leave but I want
you to beat him I'll leave when you die
it may take me one more go-around
yeah she fucked a famous dude but she's
still fuck - dude I mean a lot of chicks
fuck dudes but you know you know true
statement has never never been made a
lot of chicks fuck dude a lot of chicks
fuck dudes it's true
come on dude fuck chicks it's true sup
dudes fuck do this yes some chicks fuck
household items these are these things
that happen this is the reason we all
exists yeah it's true
procreation procrastination yep
estimation
fuck the famous dude hearing
looks like you got your rhythm down now
these can do the same thing yeah that's
part of it you know that's hard too
older games is finding the pattern yeah
right in the face yeah I've got two foot
fucking tanks oh that's right he's not
dead yet is he no just that was just his
firstborn that's right man that oh she
does look like a caricature her ass
looks too big but it could just be her
angle but also doesn't matter
we are not officially gonna stop talking
about good okay now they're saying
rolling shield Spirit Bomb here boom
that's the thing
once I don't I don't beard bomb
genki-dama hurt yes Jay has already talked
about too many cooks see that's it too
many cooks is brilliant
shit fuck you game don't all right
well go back to your it thank you have a
nice one good night everybody
my day keep going should we just go to
cuddle stop leaving you can good one
more time
more shots I mean okay that's supposed
to be a game you should it doesn't
matter anything I'm kind of sick of
playing how I watch you play something
oh I'm tired of playing games
we can then denied on really shitty
brawlers because that'll be fun
and you guys said that about gooftroop I
don't believe you're writing primal
flight Turtles tonight turtle turtles
will make it again but after after
riches done I will play some really
shitty SNES brawler's because it's
always fun to play bad games
oh thanks full all right
ice that dawn Jay Bowman's beard a rich
is farming so you kill those things and
then you get you get a health health
tank to fill up your help thanks for all
your different weapons because if you
see the little bar there your weapons
beam your weapons and your health needs
little love because the energy bars and
so rich was it's called farming and I'm
really wishing I picked up those 1/4
tank
nice nice right
I don't have final fight I know that's a
brawler and not a shooting game no I
have shitty brawlers because I think
they're funnier
you can do it you know well you view you
can be this one you've seen me do before
it's still for no I have not played
Arkham Asylum yet I plan on playing it
before the new Batman game comes out if
I have time I would like to also play
Arkham City
I don't know if I wanna find it but I
definitely want to play Arkham Asylum
I didn't I played a little bit of it
when I first came out and I didn't give
ain't good chance to play
yeah we did play AVGN adventures a
couple weeks ago and we got really bored
of it for real fast it was I'm sure it's
fine we just got the joke and got bored
of it yeah I hear a both asylum n city
are really good and I want to I want to
play vocals before the new Batman game
comes out so I'm looking forward to
playing I already have Arkham Asylum so
I get around to it the next Pre Rec video
is coming out soon I was hoping it would
be done today it might be done Friday
it's it's a it's a it's gonna be a big
one a long one
maybe or maybe I'll set everything out
fuck up you do it
God did and clothes snow not bark
my job I've got it figured it out yeah
figure it out okay okay he's figured out
your moves now
yeah do it I think so is there a third
form nice nice
cadet Lea says you should consider
improving your hint and get hit ratio I
think you just did dog oh great
nice that looks like a final looks like
I'm saying right there yeah nice kind of
exhausting way to go yeah and exhausted
it was great wrong
that was great
cutscene
oh sure that was the third one because
the dog like a million advice that was
good advice whoever gave that yeah yeah
or the war has ended and for now peace
there is now a peace
oh you know average huh you're an
all-star
I will go fir know somebody once told me
that rich Evans restorer of peace I know
I didn't see you continue screen button
that firming gave you a lot of one-offs
I don't know I don't know how to count
that I know how to count that if you
didn't see a continue screen that like I
know why not work out the farmers like
the reason I didn't was from the firming
but that that's part of the game all
right
why are those caterpillars come out of
that thing unless the far right firming
the energy tanks doesn't bother me
sure it's the it's the one ups okay okay
the know continued runs a little bit
cheaper it counts okay okay
it counts it all counts and I didn't
want to talk about this while Richards
winning cuz there was an exciting moment
but someone was asking what I used to
edit the prereq up subs on I use premier
I use the Adobe suite premier and After
Effects
you don't do tape to tape I don't you
tape to tape I'm not I'm not some sort
of caveman like some people I know and
still use Final Cut 7 it's not even here
for you to pick on him I know I'm just
saying it out loud
alright don't we have to watch the
credits I think you're gonna go about
whatever these are the people that made
this is part of the French but 70 Vegas
I'll I might be in the adobe suite and
you know though with over there pricing
now a lot of people hate on the Creative
Cloud like I get that but fifty bucks a
month you get the entire Creative Suite
get Photoshop you get after effects to
get Adobe Premiere Pro you get all the
all the goodies you get prelude which
you used to ingest any sort of footage
that you could ever want the addition
which is audio editing software $50 and
and channa wasn't supposed to be a no
continue run I think it just ended up
being one right and it was a great one
yeah hey I suck a lot of that last boss
I sucked a lot and no this is not a
cutscene this is the end credits and
well I'm okay if there's a small
cutscene at the beginning of the game
and end credits are these credits are
the people that made the game you should
all be okay with this
new game yes we're gonna play a couple
of new games will probably end around
midnight it's 11:30 now yeah yeah
Oh what's happening Oh and opposed
that's got a sample
yeah Megaman X knows how to end pose
okay that's me yes ma'am
do you work
Daphne's lunch at midnight um I've seen
a little bit of it it's fine
it's a Chris Hardwick like celebrities
make fun of the internet stuff it's fine
there's some good jokes I have no I like
I have nothing great or controversial to
say about midnight it's fine I can tell
you that cigarettes are gross
I don't know why you're saying that but
it's true you know I used to be a smoker
no once
pack-a-day smoker for a couple years no
shit yeah how hard was it to give up
rather easy really coulter you know
cravings No oh sure yeah okay and you
know what couple stuff a couple smoked
cigarettes okay okay
the mostly filter you know what I mean
it was tough just because it was the
hardest part was not the nicotine for me
it was just a habit at that time I was
driving and so you know just like those
couple of cigarettes and on the morning
drive to school was just like it was all
part of like
the habit of like going out and smoking
was a harder thing to break oh my god
temporary victory
you
oh man
high school and a young talked a little
bit after high school and he gave up
cigarettes yeah and he was delighted
because pot was that much more enjoyable
for him I really get why we're out now
Oh God cigars someone I knew in high
school oh is it over now get even bigger
I think so yeah okay good buttons it's
done hit button is done French bean Mega Man X

[Part IV]
we have the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
the movies a game oh this sounds awful
yeah oh my god shit it's gonna be awful
ok hold on super duper power Power
Rangers the movie the game you're gonna
switch to a to switch games you might as
well just a shitty brawlers and you do
it well this is yeah this is for the the
thing the thing all right if it's for
the thing it's so if I ever got my arm
iron here's the movie well this is for
is for anyone who is on Twitch and is
looking for someone playing Mighty
Morphin Power Rangers than live in a
game they can based on the movie yeah
ok here we go guys
here we go a often I hear it you want to
switch with me save me yeah sure I'm
horribly unexcited
I'll take your unexcited so watch the
Power Rangers the movie the game just
played for Mega Man X you go anywhere
from there but down it comes the Super
Nintendo ship well yeah that's why I
didn't want to like play a possibly good
game I'm just gonna play Power Rangers
yes I have heard about the Aunt May
spin-off movie and what are they
thinking what somebody's going to make
an ant-man movie because you know they
have to have a universe but they only
own the rights to one character
everybody and their dog gets a movie yep
while they ruin a French house yep bill
they'll make some money and while they
burn that franchise to the ground okay
who should we be I mean we gotta be
happy
really don't give a shit yeah we got to
be Kimberly is the more on the story I
couldn't tell you which characters one
of the color Rachel okay I took Kimberly
is probably I don't really she's a big
green tea okay ever see the I think it
was a what-if issue or at me had
superpowers she was she was golden oldie
but that wasn't one of his you that's it
that's a whole that was a whole thing
what's that whole thing yeah okay is the
ant-man movie gonna be golden oldie oh
it might be no she'll be like a badass
detective or she'll be something badass
in the past right yeah okay so here's
the thing about this game there's two
planes right that's weird there's up
here and then you press the R and L
button to move down here
what's nice my plays he my cold buddies
and then you got written honey honey I
don't
I hope the Power Rangers are Jonah Power
Rangers so this is the putty patrol and
they're like they're like the henchmen
you know that low-level henchman yeah
runaway kid look at a guy in the back
pastino and they're low-level hindrance
does she turn into a color Ranger that's
why I'm cooking those lightning balls
it's a temporary power you have to
collect them in and you get to be a
Power Ranger for the rest of the rest of
the game or for the rest of the level ok
my collecting lightning bolt you hear
well
doesn't seem like you're doing too good
probably not oh god I'm really not well
kick slap would be in this bitchin
soundtrack that's fun I've heard better
games up yeah
I'm not super cool you're not super
thrilled about this bitching sound rank
No
hi yeah with him was it just a game I
had my wife's little brother was so into
power oh yeah yeah he's not anymore he
gave it up no he's he's an adult well is
here's a question though is there a
nostalgia thing for probably oh I saw my
GI Joe I'm sure Power Ranger is the Pink
Ranger with a man gonna right I'm sure
they is the exact same sprite that's
terrible yeah look at that
what a creatures a dude yeah that's
pretty funny
alright I take back what I said about
the good graphics they're gonna pull
that shit they lost they lost their
ability to say that they lost yeah yeah
oh
Bronco
many more for racist Rangers
yeah the Asian was the yellow yeah I was
the black Ranger I don't you know like
Anna I have to jump around pedestrians
no you don't have to understand it just
looks it looked like I did something
cool okay what any more powerful as
right here yeah I think if I lose all my
life I go back to being like a normal
person
I forget I honestly just really forget
you lose all your energy go back then a
girl yeah basically you stop being a man
is clearly I do yeah clearly clearly
especially like Oh Bradley not so many
thoughts employer gonna play this game
and they're just going to finish it
alright alright you wanna be Kimberly
sure did I punch
Kimberly punch Kimberly mad
Kimberly uppercut I'm really mad yeah
your sign you know like that first
season of Power Rangers oh my god what
what oh I got on the power so I have a
pony or now that's that's Prentiss
that's something of like John Gotti it's
hard to tell raishin oh well it goes
down just from time and out of here
I hate this thing like of millions I'm
not doing it I'm not doing great rich no
ok so know it that first season of Power
Rangers actually the first several
seasons of Power Rangers was there like
it was just recycled
action bits from you know Japanese Joe
right yeah so that's really fun on a
technical level like first view but they
start building them here at some point
oh yeah yeah eventually I mean it was a
surprise smash hit so eventually they
started filming all the stuff here so
they didn't just keep licensing Japanese
shows hey they did for a long time but
yeah eventually they started filming
their own stuff ok which is neat no one
expected it to be as popular as it was
right so that's why I like the funny
thing is in in the real TV show in Japan
you know like the Yellow Ranger was a
dude oh really yeah
and so they has a fine punch ad or a
meeting women for the role it's not know
they had to find they had to find a not
busty woman for the role okay to make
sure that you know why don't they just
make it together cuz they wanted two
girls okay
diversity yeah game over it didn't but
was Power Rangers ever good I don't know
like looking back on some of it there's
some interesting we got to tell you
there's some interest they only got it
guys Italian what I don't know
there's some real it looks like a
douchebag yeah yeah you know what he
does in the show too but he was the cool
guy he a ponytail there's a lot of
really interesting technical stuff about
Power Rangers that I'm doing I don't
know if I could ever say like I liked
the show but I think it's fun
any time you get big cardboard box robot
trash in a city that's good by me you
know why they always dig around on the
ground right if they go strengthen giant
robots do you want to know the actual
reason they're doing it okay both OH
so why did they I didn't dig around on
the ground so like you know obviously
for the show they needed to pad time but
the Power Rangers Lord Zedd and not
Morgan said uh-huh I told them that they
could never escalate the fight because
that would mean that they were fighting
without Warren so like they had to they
could only escalate oh wait it's morphin
time
yeah doo-doo-doo white ranger do do do
do ah so it was really important that
they couldn't be the aggressors because
they were just defending the people okay
that was the reason given in the show
why isn't the bad guy go straight to the
giant monster that's the better question
because then there would be no show I
think it'd be more interesting about
giant robots if they just stayed as a
super douche kind of characters yeah
that's just me
yeah I could see that Oh wrong call
there's a couple episodes in the in the
first season with it I didn't realize
episode really yeah I will you know what
I was rewashing I wanted to UM for the
for the fuck bot short uh-huh I wanted
to look at some footage of lasers being
shot huh because I want to be a the guys
had laser guns I'm going on so it's like
the best way to figure out how an effect
is done is to look at something frame by
frame and try to emulate yeah so it's
like no power rangers does laser stuff
so I was watching old episodes and there
was actually a really decent one about
them finding their power weapons and I
was like oh this is actually like
well-written like decent like action
movie I mean obviously it's schwag
wedding
punch yeah he seems like he's less
useful in the paint bedroom
they fight differently yeah now that my
superpower is this like nice uppercut
thing the Pink Ranger had a ranged
weapon so I think yeah that's way more
useful but I slice people with my sword
doo-doo-doo-doo the scythe all
the Mighty Morphin Power Ranger
discussion is really showing the age
disparity between Jack and rich uh yes
yeah yes it is it's not a big age gap
but you know it's there when you're
younger is the gap looks bigger or it's
insane or noticeable but I actually you
know we're we're only five years apart
yeah big deal but when you're 10 and 15
it is big ha ha absolutely whereas uh
you know what Power Rangers first came
out I was just barely young enough like
I could watch it but I couldn't talk
about it uh-huh
but yeah you would be way too old my
Rangers like oh yeah yeah yeah I watched
a little bit out of it but I was let it
start heard about way too old
it's circle I felt like I was way too
old to watch it okay so I don't know I
still did
I don't know what if I Ranger start
night really night is there was admit I
don't know it I think mid-90s I am in
deadly - all yeah ladies please
put it are you saying is 93 okay okay so
yeah I would have been my 93 ever been
12 yeah 12 is just on the cusp of tools
and then we're five years older than me
yeah so yeah you're 17 so yeah
definitely you definitely can't watch
fire in juice no offense to 17 year olds
17 year old you know it's just one of
those things where you can watch it but
you can't talk about it it's one of
those things I saw on TV I'm like what
the hell is this yeah yeah
please get out of here please
oh my god but I'd see it every now and
then because at that time Batman the
Animated Series was still airing on TV
at 17 I was definitely still watching
Batman the Animated Series how does that
show was fucking awesome I feel like
that was more acceptable just cuz
there's Batman right a damn good show
sure it wasn't written down intelligent
show yeah
fuck get over you doctor again how many
donations will it take to do bridges
high school senior photo on there we
make thousand dollars in one month in
one month of twitch money or twitch and
YouTube um I'm not sure how do you think
well this is the question I'm not sure
with YouTube minutes but um we'll see
just wish okay
just which make a thousand bucks in
twitch money a thousand bucks in one
month of perch money we will we will
show you my high school photo I've never
seen which is high school yearbook photo
so oh my god look like a Billy
he's got suspenders oh yes like as nerd
yeah well Oh weird nerd boy I love this
game uh it's dumb wait till we play the
next game and it's worse and it's a bad
man hey Batman brawler is worse than
this Batman made shit games so I should
write goddamn punch him hey buddy
Dougie hold his head when it punches and
okay why don't we play two players
because I'm burnt out I just I just
played a shitload of Megaman did you see
rich kill it at Megaman cuz you can't
kill them Megaman did I have a mole of
my high school picture no I did not
get out of here I need to be a good
Ranger because right now how many some
partner right now they're asking I don't
know it's it's in there I don't know
we're going to work we have we haven't
we have a decent amount of subs thank
you to all without laughs how's the
pumps right I don't think that I don't
think it's you know we get it we get a
little bit of ad money from the ABS that
we run and of course our subscriber
it'll be it'll be a while I think before
we get to that one but we know we're
getting you know you know what I had my
high school photo chat hair ah I had
hair
Oh hair I remember having hair that was
a long time
god dammit I do the same thing every
time time fuck you think I remember this
but I'm not really paying attention
Oh for good I want to give it every boat
oh look at that move jump backward
problem that seems pretty useless well
it's like a Dodge thing whoa get out of
here well alright tonight start some use
your a name
thank you not subscribing it says a user
he named us you are one that's why
we're quick that I belong to in high
school I belong to I mind my own
business and I don't really want to join
any claim that's a good cook I hung out
with Mike I hung out with Mike and we
made stupid movies ah you you were
involved in the Mike click whoa yes kind
of a spear give me a funny fuck you up
oh fuck you fuck you
train yeah Pink Ranger has the best
weapon because she has a ranged weapon
why would you want why would you want
this shit doesn't seem all that much
more useful than just punching people
Eve exactly I'm sure it's more powerful
but they died in one or two hits anyway
right so let me watch seems like it has
more range exactly yeah give me the pink
ranges white bow and arrow always bow
and arrow punch good I good at that
do-do-do-do-do-do this other plane thing
is really did me and Mike grew up
together I've got Mike in high school
does that count as growing up together I
know when you're as old as I am it seems
that way
Oh
well J shave his beard no or he might
who cares I think the beard looks good
on I mean he has no plans to shave his
beard I don't think I actually have the
beginnings of a beard going right now
you do but it's going to be shaved off
ha ha ha we're gonna have more space
cops
well I can't jump and hit at the same
time the old involved stream yes yeah
yes that's exactly what this is Jenai
are old men that's not true
sometimes we feel like old men when when
did we beat the rest of the our own okay
it's hard to say that it really track ah
I think what is it che was sometime in
like like college age Jack I actually
just been like three or four years ago
really yeah yeah I I want to say the
first time I saw you was filming feeding
frenzy probably yeah I mean you weren't
around for you were around a little bit
for girls views but we never put one
episode but yeah we remember the same
episode uh Jesse I I know I've met her
seeing the room okay on a visit up here
but I don't remember exactly when I'm
assuming it was after feeding frenzy I
suppose it could have been that same
trip
so I'm not sure but basically I I met
Jessie and Jax two years ago yeah uh
yeah do I consider myself an actor oh
god no the correct word is thespian I
think I've been technically I'm a mascot
no I'm a mascot you are an actor
extraordinaire you play all sorts of
characters
SuperDuper bad name I feel bad when I
act with real actors and they're doing a
good job and they know their shit and
I'm just kind of muddling through my
lines mispronouncing shit
you play this and I goof troop okay yeah
goof troops a good game and that's the
game we should play it's a two-player
game sere you're big on the goof troop I
like to move different so you know what
it is it's cute
I'm big on the duck tails duck tails is
cute like that's the thing about goof
troop though is like it's not there was
a ton of these things there was a ton of
brawlers and there was a ton of
side-scrolling platformers and that's
what makes goof troop a little different
oh yeah sorry I moved in you have to
click that hammer something here it's
another thing oh and that's why that's
what makes goof troop a little special
is like it's not a platformer you know
it's like it's almost a puzzle game it's
neat
game was old normal how do I change
things
okay DuckTales and we got you got uncle
Scrooge's protagonist in me he's
interesting yeah he's not a standard
Tagus he's a he's an old greedy man
uh-huh
we gotta go easy because I just want to
play as much of this game as possible
Oh
yeah
back jump special item
ooh
you
all right I'm playing this on super easy
just because I want to play it as much
of it as possible
this is a terrible this is a terrible
terrible game so didn't chance saying
this is not a bad brawler that this game
was amazing
back in the day you I might be incorrect
but we'll see
oh my god driving a Batmobile
demographic zero the pebble bill gets
too much love it's too much low yeah my
mind just it's only function should be
to get Batman from point A to point B
yes any kind of games that have extended
fight sequences driving the battle bill
okay kind of annoys me that's not what
Batman's about today no I agree I mean
it's fun and there you know you can have
like I don't know you can have a
Batmobile centric episode in my mind
once you introduce the hovering bat yet
the Batmobile is now useless oszi thank
you for subscribing my time ago yeah
Jesus Christ if you use your special
move you lose health
that's dumb use health if you use your
if you use your pack your jump and
attack together button this guy's I'm
not
area
dicken there you go somebody's agreeing
with me I need to remember what I said
that's unreal
what was I just talking about that's it
hey hey I got distracted with the
subscriber I'm looking at the game
whatever man even remember I've got
Alzheimer's on you know right because
I'm so old
ah how are you just talking about
I didn't River no I was I here's the bad
thing I know all the the battle to the
Batmobile
yeah it does it gets a crazy amount of
love but you know what it's a toy man
okay it's the thing they can sell so
they want to make sure they have the new
thing that they can sell oh look I can I
can push him against the wall that's
action cam fun the the batwing is a far
more program I think a vehicle for
Batman yeah not not because flying in
bats but I mean because I thought you
wish you see the man dressed like a bat
driving down the street in a car with a
ha ha he becomes silly very quickly
well the Batman requires shadows and
mood and then I just pictured the
Batmobile driving down the street right
and just people who are out shopping
looking at this bizarre car drive a pass
does he see speed through stop lights to
endanger why she probably has to stop at
red lights right you just kind of walk
along the street and they're at the red
light there's Batman sitting at the
wheel the bat piling right if anything
like somebody cuts them off any logs if
anything the Batmobile needs to be like
a nondescript but yes gray minivan which
tinted windows something that no one
would ever suspect is a superheroes man
that's exactly what it should be yes or
motorcycle because that then you can
grow anywhere which is one of the
reasons I'm worried about Arkham Knight
because the bad news is going to be a
big thing it's tank that's stupid
I'm a test tube apparently I don't know
what that does
grab two at once you hack of course
how do you guys know how to play this
game nobody plays this game because of
what Batman fans and they're what make
Batman games juice from back in the day
I'm gonna sue sure I forget like
throwing people is pretty effective
though I like Batman and I have a Super
Nintendo I've never played or seen this
game so that's kind of nice rich what
about the spider will be all that was a
fine joke and they played it as a joke
yeah what are they they have been called
the spiral today I know spider cycles
another doing buddy oh oh no I think
they're talking they might be talking
about it I think that the one of the
comic books he is like Johnny Storm
Fantastic Four gifted him a spider doom
button so I would not not to bring that
the joke was Peter Parker living in New
York and taking buses and swinging
through the city didn't know how to
drive right and in that issue the Spider
buggy got driven off the end of beer
okay so the last level the punch button
has now been suddenly replaced by an
unlimited Batarang throwing button
alright whatever floats your boat game
so but here's here's the reason why I
also have a new unexplained item in my
in my item news box right and it's the
grappling hook can you guess what's at
the end of this level what does Batman
use the grappling hook for Batman
Returns I don't remember
emigrate I honestly don't remember but
so they suddenly changed what the
buttons do just for the sake that just
for this one level only this one only
this level then they go back to no one
remember this so now believe it or not I
don't remember we spent a long time so
I've seen that Norway I think I failed
oh you're not making any help offs
because I failed it what I was supposed
to do was they wouldn't be dicking
around if you couldn't finish that it's
got to be right up still do it no oh oh
no see like I miss yeah I was supposed
to I supposed to do that oh no I broke
the game you can't take any help that
lose it yeah that seems stupid yeah
oh no I needed to break the wall first
oh for God's sake check we already
tweeted a picture this is a real snap
look at that look at that now I can give
him I can give him because I broke the
wall first
even though he wasn't anywhere needed
near it I needed to break the wall I
needed to do the cutscene first how are
you hi I'm sorry
anything is funny it's hard to feel that
I'm not the stupid Hina I just think
it's fine
how old this is Kim it's I mean it's old
no game
I didn't know I needed to break the wall
first I needed to break the wall even
though he was nowhere near it so I could
punch him
imagine a Batman movie with an all
smashmouth soundtrack you mean the best
movie ever made
nothing I'm
whatever so campy sir give me I didn't
notice that you were here sir gonna be
our one and only mod trashcans rich get
a better emulator Jesus rates get better
emulator re I will I will do that this
is how I get me letters I'll get a
better any letter yeah go update man man
living in my bag I prefer her phone
I'm the one strum tonight he is just the
worst
yeah he was a great blues man The Dark
Knight is good but it has absolutely
nothing to do with Batman or Christian
Bale nothing well you know I like to I
like to miss Bruce Wayne yeah
thought he was a fine Bruce Wayne
first weight is the face he puts on so
saying somebody is a great Bruce Wayne
that doesn't face me much sure that's
not that's not the important part of
that equation
uh I agree but I'm just saying player
well remove um oh my god is Batman here
that uh hello
I like I pick up a fat cloud pick up the
skinny cloud they should've just dumped
it over with Kevin and I would have been
fine it's true Kevin Conroy is the only
Batman yes yes interview fucking clowns
I think of Batman first voice I hear is
always going to be Kevin Conroy
absolutely 100% and when you mentioned
Mark Hamill first thing I'm gonna think
of is the Joker yeah I over Luke
Skywalker I when you mention Mark Hamill
I'm gonna think of the Joker really yes
first thing yes yeah it's already
happened
really yes all right I mean it's weird
but sure
do better what joy the face they almost
the best no he's not shut up as Batman
he was a piece of shit I don't know to
do die Peter ship doing a ridiculous
voice yeah he was a suck Batman you have
you have Heath Ledger to thank for the
Dark Knight yes that is why the Dark
Knight is good you people other Ledger's
death
I think they I'm not even the no I'm not
gonna say that it's not just because he
died that was a good before I know well
what here's it's not the definitive
Joker to me but it's a damn fun damn
find Joker but also I believe that his
death played a part in their editorial
decisions don't hey I can't comment on
that don't you think
I don't know I don't know how much they
had fun with ever without him but oh no
I'm saying like I think how I know he
died well I'm in fact I was after the
movie I know looks before know he died
before I'm not filming it wasn't like
they handed did they have they finished
scenes without know they were all done
filming okay but it was before it came
out so I really think that like they had
him in mind when they were editing no I
think anybody editing that movie would
have realized that he was killing it and
they would have put him in the movie
more if they had the opportunity zero
maybe maybe I will not I will not blame
his death on that performance may ignore
it I was just damn fine oh no no no not
on it being notable he he killed it he
killed it oh he nailed being the Joker
I'm I'm saying I believe that his death
played a part in making the movie better
as a whole I think they edited correctly
um maybe to I guess that's into that
maybe to honor him maybe to make sure he
was in it more I what fuck you he was
killing him poor choice of who that was
I realized that Excel soon as I said I
think it's just that much more
appropriate no that was an appropriate
and I realized it right away
excuse me I had to throw infinity
batarangs again apparently it is I do
get to do this again
don't worry I wanted the kids better run
away I got this better right away so
there's more than one level with
different apparently okay better right
away this is I move now Jim
here not right away okay spider-man this
I'm Benna preferably imagine that's how
they wanted to get through their
allotted continues oh my god
Jesus old school let me fly in here I
got this fucking fat-ass this is why I
needed seven lives do you think bill was
better than Clooney
I don't think Clooney was even trying I
mean he was just being Moody ah yes I I
wouldn't fur either of them how's that I
mean that's just ranking bad at that
point sure a fireman spider-man does
whatever a spider kid is Shawn there's a
bug
he's got ready phantom blood yeah what
spider rapid kick ass ass it's true I
know I'm like spider-man see see yeah
they had to rip that off
Oh
fucking fuck it's kind of wide I know I
don't like it run fat man you just need
the grapple type thing excessively no
it's supposed to be sneekly get places
sometimes oh it seems like they
practically have them flying around the
city with it sure tolik loud come here
talk louder spider-man Batman oh I can't
I can't Batman you okay the fist thinks
Clooney was a fine Bruce wait yeah you
know why for something you know what for
some reason George Clooney's really good
at playing a billionaire a playboy
billionaire yeah yeah John boutté
somehow nailed that roll fuck yeah at
the end of the day it was more important
to be bad
hmm for what at the end of the day it
would be more important for somebody to
act like Batman yes yeah sorry
okay Batman which I love you but I think
you're 100% wrong about Vale as Batman
no one I'm 100% right he's a shitty
Batman
ya know by the way I don't think this is
a an unheard-of argument vales a shitty
dad and and I you know I'm okay with
Batman Begins I think that's that's fine
Dark Knight it's a great movie but Dark
Knight is the only one of those movies
in which Batman is actually Batman he
doesn't do a lot of shit and he does
detective work we don't see a lot of
Batman in good Batman movies you know
why he's working don't punch your kids
don't watch your kids I hate him because
it was popular I like The Dark Knight
I just don't like Christian Bale in it
yeah the movies great I like lots of
things that are popular I don't like bad
things that are popular that's what you
keep right on doing that voice that's
bad remember is if I go with this voice
is fighting clowns
you're better at that benign Goodwin
tell me a joke you win the Christian
Bale back it's not a contest little push
close the fridge
whoa yeah excuse me but this clown has
bazooka this is the worst who would be
hard
ah you know why I hate one of the
reasons why I other than it just being
ridiculous the Christian Bale Batman
voice what do you what's up because
Batman should be the real character as
Bruce Wayne's the fake right see no
ideally you think the Batman voice would
be very sincere um that's the real
character well you know that these are
different interpretations of the Batman
source it's not an interpretation I'm
particularly fun how's that one The Dark
Knight interpretation of Batman uh yeah
yeah I I get it like The Dark Knight
true Telekom always Batman soulful comes
in the heart it's still beasty yeah
that's Jane and you know it's coming
from the same man but they do sound like
two completely different peoples without
putting out a goofy voice yeah it's
Bale's Batman is goofy
all right you can't be like when he
talks to what's-her-name whoa who's the
who's the lady in the first one
what's the actress is Katie Holmes when
he's talking to Katie Holmes in the
subway platform he's like I have some
information for you that's not how you
talk to normal people and I know you're
Batman you're not a normal person but
that's comical I'm dying so and yes I am
talking about exactly how Kevin Conroy
did it because that's what works yeah
yes we're saying the thing we like to
think we like and these are the reasons
why we like yes yes
these are the reasons why we like it
because they work for us obviously
things might work for you alright
there's so many uncheck up red letter
media and hyperbole this is not
hyperbole
I actually actually really hate
Christian Bale's Batman oh yeah yeah no
like so I'm Fred if I firmly but that's
me I genuinely hate that point so here's
the thing about what hyperbole is like
you know some rich just gave an opinion
he does not like Christian Bale's Batman
right hyperbole is saying it's the worst
thing since uh what so it's really what
cetera you know it's the worst thing
since 9/11 that's hyperbole like saying
that it's very bad saying that it's the
worst Batman is not hyperbole that's
just stating an opinion right hyperbole
is exaggerating beyond the point of
reason for comedic purposes you so use
your words correctly I guess is what I'm
saying
um saying that he thinks it's the worst
Batman is not necessarily no it's not
hyperbole that is his opinion that is
where he ranks it worst thing since my
son
that's right sir Gibby that's hyperbole
I would put him in honor if I put him a
little Clooney but I probably put him
below second Batman
Bellco well a perfect one below Val
Kilmer yeah well now Kilmer might not
have been in the best Batman movie but
I'll still probably take his Batman over
Christian Bale's Batman might not even
who sounds exactly like
riff raff room
yeah I just walked out to play that's
fine you can walk off as many clothes as
you would like to right
yeah and by the way like I obviously
it's it's hard to judge like Clooney's
or Val Kilmer's Batman because those
movies were pretty ridiculous
right um Clooney he wasn't even trying
he was just being George yes yes George
Clooney and George Clooney addresses has
been yeah I was like a crazed like
watching a Halloween party in LA all
away party yes yeah that's a good way to
put it that's exactly what Batman or
Robin was hi I'm George Clooney I'm
dressed up as Batman for Halloween have
you met a so the Alicia Silverstone's
she's dressing up as pink it's gonna be
a really fun time ah yeah obviously
looking back at it on it as an adult to
the first two Batman movies had some
issues but I think that Michael Keaton
Michael Keaton's Bruce Wayne was one of
the most complex Bruce Wayne's which was
great yes he played he played that one
with some depth he killed that role I
would rather see a younger Michael
Keaton in the Dark Knight a younger but
you know told how
but put what Michael Michael Keaton 89
in the Dark Knight okay guess what these
test tubes - oh I can block oh that's me
I have test-tube George okay
I believe you have testers so this is
that's not an instruction I think
there's a my head room that just falls
off the screen
yeah I just fell off the screen it's
true that's executive fucking bazooka
Joe yeah no I don't like Bale's Batman I
don't like the Dark Knight Rises that
movie can suck a ball I really really
dislike that I don't hate prices you
didn't hate raisins love it I hate it
rises high genuinely hated I I had worse
times
Jordan okay I'll give it out I'm with it
I've had worse times in the theater but
man and then when we got screwed because
of people utters death
okay the Joker was going to be in that
room Oh was it yeah I don't care
yeah you know what they got enough
people working they're gonna fixed it
they could have rewritten it better just
a load of suck
as far as I'm concerned gonna be Batman
well that's that's an interesting
question Michael Keaton playing Batman
in a adaptation of Dark Knight Returns
cuz that's about old Batman coming out
of retirement the comic book yeah yeah
yeah yeah with that yeah table with that
though that though the Dark Knight
Returns Batman was written as more of a
violent psychopath but that's fine
Keaton can do it he can do anything
oh my god I need to find Catwoman come
here bitch
punch it nope okay I have some bearing
oh my god
I'm gonna kick in I'm gonna kick it
our Dark Knight Returns is so data now
would only work as a warriors type movie
yeah I do realize though that at the
time the Dark Knight always during it
returns I was thinking of Batman Returns
yeah never mind never mind
yeah Batman Returns and that was
something that was intended to be
camping but dirt Magra to look at
different way I just read that
fuck get my ass handed to me like
Catwoman
how come I can't use one test tube J do
you ever watch Batman Beyond yeah a
little bit I haven't really I probably
should it's fine it's fine it's uh you
know trying to add a little bit Peter
Parker pretty much yeah pretty much it's
you know it's kid Batman and so that's
that kind of killin for me okay is you
know I don't care about kid Batman if I
want to see kids superheroes there's a
ton of them that I there's like that
make you want watch back I wanna watch a
detective yeah there's a fun stuff they
had a really killer mr. freeze episode
of batman beyond where like they could
cure him because it's the future now
yeah so it was just a head at that point
no and near the end of the animated
series he was just thank you then yeah I
figured I don't I don't know exactly how
fuck that they have like a damn movie
where it's like the Monica Robins was an
old man and you're like yeah that's um
that's um fun runs but it's yeah don't
don't get spider-man in my Batman I did
see the return of the Joker that oh
that's never steps that was pretty damn
good yeah that's what I was talking
about where was one of the Robins comes
back I didn't want to spoil it oh well
yeah they haven't watched it by now
yeah it's fine no I don't want to spoil
it for you but yeah oh they're fine yeah
listen I'm sorry we're spoiling a 15
year old animated movie how the fuck I
did like though the what was Peggy
Bernardi mad man's name again it's
turning us this solution to the Joker
was laughing at him and that was that
was an interesting take
well my name okay talking about the bad
bad and animated movies I've seen them
all I even like any of the movies that
much they're okay sub-zero mess with
phantasm I've seen it in that last one
they made the Catwoman one that was
terrible ah the bad woman one yeah
mystery of the Batwoman
I hated that years there no I know if
they count return of the Joker as a
movie is I think as they do and then
that I guess that would be best
yeah
I thought it was good um why was he
crippled it oxygen you talking about
Dark Knight Rises
it's fucking right big deal about
fucking fat minutes beginning Dark
Knight Rises right yeah he's all heard
like oh no I'm sober and everything
sucks doctors like your knees are fucked
up and then but it never comes up
fucking never comes why'd he stop being
Batman fucking why I guess oh but wait
up I see a pretty woman I'll be Batman
again fuck you why does nothing there's
nothing matters in that movie look yeah
I'm not saying it's my favorite book I'm
just saying it's not it's not terrible
if I think it's there okay I got you
sterile Bob - yeah yeah dad whatever
whatever but I was Arkham Asylum is a
better story when I was when I was a
child you need to play Arkham Asylum
Arkham Asylum was fucking great
you could sold me what my parents died
Bruce went in because of course he's the
only kid whose parents are dead fucking
fucking fucking that stupid movie
now I have to fly this bomb out I have
to do it this way
what Dad Oh see you in a chateau a ting
a brunch and I don't want you to say hi
even though I am your father figure
that's my mic okay it's pretty good now
somebody in the chat shitting on Arkham
origins have you owned that movie then
that game doesn't deserve to get shit
honest it doesn't have the the little
touches that that Rocksteady gave those
games ah large parts of the map are
actually ripped off from Arkham City but
the story itself in Arkham origin I
actually actually gonna like it it's not
the worst thing ever made jag do you
have an explanation for the plain scene
but planes in and Batman in the
beginning of Isis what even point time
hey I don't know what they want explain
loves worth a me where you escape they
broke the plane apart yeah yeah guess
what it doesn't fucking matter it's a
bad movie nothing matters in that movie
it's bad movie nothing makes sense
oh there's a kid there's a kid I knew
you're Batman why you came to the
orphanage one day I saw how sad you were
cuz Batman's sad fuck you Joseph
gordon-levitt Jeff side they like you're
my okay it's a good Michael Caine
oppression I know the impression that
left me dumbfounded for 10 minutes what
what do we do but we phone unbelievable
even though I cared for you as a child
enters in the dope I hope that you faked
your own death I'm losing it here you're
getting like like like rap star and mix
in with her now as a hip-hop Michael K a
Batman's butler
throw more touchdowns the Cutler anybody
well it was literally the first thing I
could have had with Butler okay so Jim J
and Mike like the dark Mary's I think
they were okay with the Dark Knight
Rises I think they're a little bit above
okay I think that's I don't liked it
yeah I really love better than they
loved it no no I didn't yeah and I have
talked with them about this and it's
fine you can have different opinions on
movies guys remember this is something
we talk about a lot you guys can field a
different way about the movies that I
feel rich feels differently about the
movie the night
you guys should play parappa the rapper
yeah
I am a hip-hop master I'm trying to
think of an actual like Alfred rhyme now
also small detail about the entire Chris
Nolan Batman okay thing Alfred the
butler yeah why does he have a cockney
accent I why is this matter Butler's
usually but bottled for high society
people and a cockney accent would be
looked down upon well maybe he's got a
really unique and interesting backstory
somebody has gotten the exit sure how
somebody from that social layer would
get to be a butler yeah they did this
whole interesting backstory you just
ignoring because you're a hater Jack
you're a hater what's the backstory
explained in the novelization
probably that's a Miss a minor do you
know you don't want feel bad for the guy
who had to write the novelization for
attack of a close how do I explain this
shit how could I make any of this mess
I'll just write the script and take out
the character names reformat it's fine
okay yeah now that's nitpicking you're
right that that was nitpicky bullshit
and you're right there's so many real
things to hate on oh my god what the
fuck for Dark Knight Rises ain't got no
thank you for subscribing got go what do
we do when we subscribe we get thanked
I've got Luffy we have to stop the
stream yeah okay okay okay
goodbye everyone oh my god it's full
13-yard um word um tank you didn't like
my cocaine accent this is what we sound
like
Oh cocaine ah
you know hope do like like I've lost my
cocaine I don't I'm not good at accents
good Lord Jesus fuck what
yeah Jack has really lost it but hey
everybody thanks for coming out thank
you to all the new subscribers all the
old subscribers and all the people who
just came out to see us be dumb we super
appreciated that's everybody good they
don't they'll tune in to us for
intelligent box we want to hear two
dudes bitch about things yeah they to an
end so they can say we'll see if we get
rich talk about Mass Effect again yeah
yeah
okay good we're going goodbye good night
everybody
battery stop this thing I don't know I
guess we're streaming them forever
