Dec 3, 2014
Rich's PC, Rambo: Last Blood, Frog Fractions
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3598060
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3598072
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3599896
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3599940
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPjGdq6baGM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu9gzuSMlFA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70cVuOLEM4k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxGVKEyxZIw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/540222514665099264

[Part I]
if everything works as it should people
should be seeing bunch of tools a table
let's see if it's working happening ho
people are saying is happening that's
very exciting
how did you make it full sorry I don't
interview is one you'll see the video
shows it is that we need to consent
oh oh it's weird yummy you look the hi
guys welcome welcome to rich fields of
PC and I get exciting up in here big ok
everything's working everything's
working fine I know my shit the
anti-static wrist strap I know you guys
are gonna go on and on about that haha
damn it yes we are purposely not showing
you the frustration not showing you the
frustration of Rich's face as he builds
our audio is a little low
I'm building a PC why do you need to see
my face you see the PC do with it you
people it's JJ playing the piano no I
was I was listening back to our board
game stream and you know during our
board game stream we didn't have any
music playing or anything so I got some
royalty-free ethical music playing in
the background just to spice something
up you can tell me you tell me if it's
distracting or what I tried to keep it
quiet I tried to keep it quiet so you
guys can't really I think it's nice to
have something yes Malik wing not a GUI
now that is exactly what did you see
Richards face thank him they see a face
cam too rich was just texting me last
night saying if you believe he believed
that his computer broke it's gets about
to go out it's like really slow in doing
anything right now
I had trouble even getting it to start
last night so actually yes he's actually
using static Wriston which is very
important for all these lovely new
pieces oh I know these guys just wanted
to see me fuck up and not know how to do
anything
I'm sure that's what was going on
there's people who are just going home
right out there turning this off yeah
you Barry yeah oh that's me he's doing
something right how is he supposed to
getting fun
okay so so we're doing this with an
audience yeah it should be well I look
at that piece of hardware rich yeah
that's impressive
yes it is putting anti-static bags I'm
gonna get inside out yeah so I can put
the motherboard on it that's even
further help of rent staff and that's
great please know I'm very grateful we
are doing we're very excited we're very
excited about of the BC building I am
very exciting rich is more excited than
me um what I'm excited about is not
having bring my computer in here anymore
this is this is technically a work PC
that rituals just keep at his house but
I'm really excited that I don't have to
bring my heavy ass computer in anyway
this might be from a Clockwork Orange I
don't know it's Symphony number three
yeah so the motherboard is an Asus brand
Wow
he says her Asus Saturn how you perhaps
a s us a z97 a which isn't too flashy
but it should get the job done
oh mama gotta - Oh gigabyte sticks of
RAM
Kingston HyperX fury whatever the word
my she asked name they want to give it
the HyperX period but uh this right here
hold on wrench before you get into that
what Professor Pun down a little bit
professor pun thank you for subscribing
be very much appreciated a processor is
an Intel i7 core it's a fanciest if you
cooler i've ever had i'm not doing water
cooling because that just seems like an
accident waiting to happen
you know water in computers that's a
great idea up goes bad and you are for
fun that's all i got this thing ok which
is is it's gigantic it's bigger than I
thought it would be when I bought it
yeah it's giant
if it sticks pretty much straight up
yeah once you install it that's great I
would feel they're saying it would be
nice to see a list of um I mean I'm I'm
telling them what it is right now I'll
hear yeah guys I'm here oh and
twitchplayspokemon says the water just
ends up being air-cooled so it doesn't
really matter I mean you got got a hose
that breaks or something man where's
that water gonna go back exactly
hey that German dude thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it also favorite
customer we appreciate your subscription
as well rich they're saying you should
look into liquid nitrogen cooling I've
seen somebody do that online as a video
it's completely impractical but it's
it's the coolest thing ever
yeah the audio might be a little out of
sync with what we're doing but it's not
like it's not that important oh they are
leasing a little rich base that'll
happen from time to time you've seen it
before you guys no way look like
no more riches look oh space Comeau is
saying jack please tell rich not to use
asus suite with the motherboard okay
apparently that's a piece of software
that comes with the book all right
his pc would randomly freeze until he
honest billing now they're saying don't
open the CPU tray until absolutely ready
to go God CPU at first oh oh he's put
the CPU in for it guys verax actually
know what should probably put that back
plate George do that for I guess what I
think what everyone's saying rigid yet
it's not used to doing this in front of
an audience right actually gives you
shit about what I'm doing I know you
know we'll rich will probably start
installing the OS tonight but with all
of the downloads and updates that will
happen we will not be streaming from
richest people yeah but uh I've heard
there's a whole bunch of tweaking you
should do when you're using a solid
state hard drive which anybody wasn't
listening earlier I didn't hear previous
streams I did break down and buy one on
my own pocket so this is this is this
giant ass cooler um it's a joke this
thing is bigger than the computer rich
phoenix has a really good question
yeah other spikes in this no running out
of room yeah I'm quickly running out I
see that ah good good times I get some
other way if you just put this somewhere
absolutely oh okay I just decide let's
just decide okay I'm here I'm here to
assist rich
hi I'll tell you this I'm really liking
classical music in the background you
can't get it now I've never installed
one of these fancy coolers so you're
gonna sit and watch nothing well I read
the manual that's fine that's not what
do you guys want to talk about for a
little bit you guys want to talk about
you
oh they're asking it that's a really
that's really funny Sneiderman is this a
no death run yes
uh yeah I did certainly it very
definition of a no definite right Hey
plasma-wave thank you to the thank you
for subscribing to rich reads
instructions 18 different languages
right right there's classical me so I
got a glass 100 yeah see that's not why
I just wanted a drink why that's all I
this comes with thermal paste so I
wasted my money on thermal paste what
you know you can never have too me
I was listening back to or games I
thought you're there we play video games
on music chair sure and so I have like
over at Muse open the mus open back org
like a little radio button plays royalty
free class that's nice what people would
like that watching rich you see
I'll just it'll go pro I tell you what
the new GoPro reason why we we can get
such a nice out too much warping new
GoPros and three settings
Oh ultra wide maybe here it is it is
audio broke I'm broke
audio broke Luthor's enter the audio 120
Oh Jay you silly Billy hold on let me
get some more helpful flip a person I
can't ride Manson I think at my
secondary head so listen to the stream
to make sure you're covered in wine no
audio August great great is fine audio
keeps cutting out well that happens yeah
oh how here's what I'm gonna do cuz rich
is building right now I'm gonna face the
mic towards me Jay Oh favor action Alya
never mind you're welcome um on the
music either great everything's fine
everything's great wonderful from the
core I mean there are wine snobs out
there that are okay yeah like even
though shit is in their drink there's
just like no it's hard if you are the
experience yeah like that there's cork
in my drink
hey hey think you freely thank you for
subscribing also Spectre 800 welcome to
the rich builds shit stream
they're subscribing for them we've
actually gotten that surprising not for
rich building of you think they're
interested I've never built a PC I
wouldn't know where to start right
certain I would fuck it up I think
that's why they're tuning its just to
see what happened well they want to see
rich fucka alright you've done this
before right there's been like five
years that's not that long and you know
what there's there's a newfangled
technology that I'm not as familiar with
oh you know like I've never had to put a
back plate on the CPU cooler the
motherboards this is completely new to
me right here uh-huh
I'm taking my time with this oh I'm not
you the German dude there's that German
dude I'm not having a snack yet I should
go get a snack hey okay hold on I'm
gonna go get us what's up Jay oh I don't
know take a look at the champ here
tell us how's everything going good your
progress centers it almost done
there's lots of details to blooming
details
I'll leave that's fine do what you gotta
do
that's when was the last time rich built
a PC but he said five years ago my ears
all it baked thanks for subscribing oh
good job J I got it I caught it
how long did it I did it you did it
Oh someone wants to know what everybody
is wearing they said to describe it
slowly this would be easy all of us
nothin that's what we do
just relax into the studio it the last
thing people want to do is the real
thing is it's it's hot in here
we have computers running and lights
going and so it's more comfortable yes
yes okay hey um for anyone asking oh
yeah someone sent that to us except this
yeah
the cool label okay that I had a husband
I'm having a root of all evil black kale
and because there's a camera I can shoot
in that far away from my electronic Oh
Lucky Strikes thank you for subscribing
and it's toasted oh I know like he
strikes a cigarette stuff is that
they're slow manners I'm just Logan all
right I'm telling me I'm installing this
room huh
I do installed here saying rich is only
wearing sleeves
they can see it please inverse of a cut
off asleep
dr. J is giving a warning to not over
tighten those bolts barely easy to over
tighten
oh yeah madman
but that was my oh really good I was
longer I'm gonna be reversible rose him
yeah yeah I was a pack a day gonna oh
god yeah
then thing right on eyes you know what
everyone everybody smokes that
everyone's me here's why I quit one year
or member my friends got me a cigarette
and for 20 liters of coca-cola literally
that's all I would put my body
cigarettes and coke are you sick that's
like I felt some trash yeah that's
pretty bad so I so it's just like I
don't think any what the fuck what the
fuck indeed turd smuggler 44 Thank You
pisses few people in your names and the
real that's boy you for subscribing
we very much appreciate I'll get sick
the fake now yeah make that boy Nestle
fucking how about that there's always
there's all these problems yeah I think
if I turn up the microphone probably all
heard a little clicking I turn off the
microphone we might get a little well
that's a funny joke they're saying this
is a board game they can get by like a
mother and you know this is gonna be you
tuned in yes I think no I think they're
I think they're saying there are more
interested in watching you put this
together than us going to Star Trek
kidding okay I can see that
this is strangely classy plasma-wave
this is string quartet number in until
you inspire no discipline oh yeah Lenny
that why'd you back face come on I will
not be doing my my cocaine invention
tonight
rich straight up second is that
something that's been happening a lot it
one time and it's a really bad
impression yeah Billy wanted so they
just want you to do it because it annoys
rich yeah okay I understand completely
yes I'm wearing my best monocle it is in
fact a double monocle pretty classy oh
yeah did you guys fix the Ernest
Borgnine Wiki Wikipedia page you fucks
it better better have done that I'm all
bad I'm gonna go with this up have you
ever played we can probably oh I you you
were starting to play that the other
night that's all right stop hey
detention not because of that I was just
doing other stuff so let me play into
wiki Wars yeah where you trying to go
from one Wikipedia page
right then some certain jackasses in the
chat hilarious jackasses started editing
the Wikipedia pages and she's so
apparently Ernest Borgnine and giggy's
come or both other media associates oh
yeah did you guys change in the early
days yeah go to Wikipedia right now I'm
gonna check on these guys have to make
sure the gold arrows line
mr. organized
Oh little air uh he was an
unconventional lead in many films of the
1950's winning Academy Award for Best
Actor in 1955 for Marty on television he
played rich Evans in the 1962 to 1966
series have in the bag you fix that her
is there a sportin I'm dead that was
just what that side is he stole I know
he's dying okay you let that man's
legacy live on when did he when did he
die uh there are the nice
okay so somewhat recently on zibari I
know he was he was around for a long
time he would come to Milwaukee one
it was the ceremonial leap Joyner circus
Billy circus raise money the helping
carrier yeah whatever that is the guy in
front he would yeah you're right he was
the Airwolf of the circus Oh
oh yeah now it's locked you guys edited
too much so now it's long do they do
that like if someone keeps changing the
page - yeah then lock it and that's
someone who has like Raiders poster is
like look what you guys have done before
Ernest Borgnine double-checking
everything so fuck this up if I fuck
this up I fuck the computer Oh Oh God
probably probably a processor and
fucking motherboard problem sooo so this
is do it this is the most nervous part
uncle any computer well you know there
with you rich because we just got
another subscriber kora lakh thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate but what they do
here no that annoys me is to in order to
not have every language translated in
this book yeah they're just showing you
everything just in pictures no I want
text so I know exactly for sure what I'm
doing later
I don't like instructions I think you're
here pressing the thing down so I'm
assuming I'm not supposed to use the
lever but Vanessa it was texted you know
gently press down with your finger on
the lid of thing that would be nice
okay I just have to interpret the
picture and then I'm Cora coral AK sub
just in hopes that ritual yep yeah us to
Cora life if you don't let's blow
something up anyway
hey ain't gonna happen it'd be really
impressive if you got it to blow up when
it's not plugged into anything right
renascence right guys can ate turd
smuggler we are glad that you are
enjoying papers it is the best
immigration booths later you will
amongst now right now I'll click or
anything but back the CPU quotes on your
wrist
this is anti-static wrist strap oh let's
see if you touch a thing there's
extended literacy like a wool socks yeah
carpet that will fry sort of so sure
yeah grounded that's great are you doing
it what it all know when I turn it on
Ruby is that is that in with the
processor oh well what else do you have
to do for the computer everything Oh
graphics card good ok I learn mounting
cable you will you sell you ID you
selling the hard part there's a heart
okay this guy said I think that's it as
like oh that's it this is the part that
gonna make you sweat bullets cuz you do
something wrong when you're putting the
processor in yeah we're just gonna flat
out breaking and then you're out
hundreds of dollars for the cutter yeah
that do that that was no no I like not
to do hey hack fraud Cherie
thank you for subscribing very much
appreciate Bella stream ever listen Jay
Jay's learning something oh yeah I am
I've never seen someone put together a
computer hope talk about things that are
interesting hopefully this makes people
appreciate the little boxes that you
carry around with you yeah the only
thing I've done is add more RAM to a
computer once okay and that's easy
enough to do yeah but put a slot stick
it in and then that's it that is is the
chat setting I did the processor okay
did that I don't know if they can tell I
thought dr. G seems like he knows they
were doing yeah buck Peters what is he
saying could I put that in right octo J
is not screaming at you so let's assume
all right all right
they're saying you should have jacquard
ifoce saying you should have jacquard a
put a bit of pressure on the top of the
CPU cooler when you're screwing it down
from air bubbles forming in aced oh wow
Oh Deary is shit the dr. J as actor
Jamie and apparently he knows what he's
talking about yes according to rich
gobbledygook s-- is asking a very
important he wants to eat bacon did I
use the stove or the oven very important
I can only assume he means stove top
yeah use the stove top now we'll use the
other do you see I want your bacon every
single time I have doesn't get as crispy
that way okay I do what okay
375 Bob you know 15 minutes or so flip
it a couple times make sure you get both
sides crispy it's them it's the only way
all right
rich they're saying turn it on already
just turn it on to make sure
everything's going ok no it's not
turning on oh it's not turning on I must
have done something wrong this is the
fanciest looking Ram I have ever seen
well what did you say it was hyper
extreme yeah it's got this fancy blue
ass case on it Oh Jay they were there
asking a cookie be thank you think we
can do that I don't know I think you
know what we're doing it tomorrow
actually
Oh do it tomorrow we're doing the cookie
stream we should have told me yeah yeah
I mean I guess I owe a dick the birthday
boy you're right blue means faster yes
everybody knows that if only you know
what we should have done painted summary
rights on those bad boys a little
spoiler for wind resistance what is that
thing this is gonna hold the cooler up
and all these things that go under here
I'm just testing out with the holes up
tell me about it let you know that means
please
he's weird and I'm gonna give it to you
okay number do you ever DMX rapper yeah
yeah X go give it to you call this other
thing that I thought was an excellent I
watched a movie about a giant killer
snake with DMX in it I don't run with
the name of it though that it was get a
bazooka oh oh y'all gonna make me lose
my cool fuck even tear up in here the
DMX it doesn't song yes I said that yeah
okay I have no idea I know that song but
yeah SDA nothing I know about DMX is
that he kills giant mutant snakes with
bazookas what else do you need to know
about the sky dandies making a theme
fortune to joke and it's a good joke not
gonna beat it cuz no one else
I like you yes pick a bucket I am
corn-fed white I'm oh I'm Way right it's
true I'm the whitest white guy ever
Oh back is a whiter rapper than Iggy
Azalea that's a good joke
this light girl her music I should be
I'm so fancy song as I think he is a
leopa yeah I don't think I like her I
don't know much about her but that's not
anything more I decided I don't like her
we don't like her music I had a meeting
about her
think about your airflow before
installing the
and octave J is saying pea-sized blob of
thermal paste hey thank you I I don't
know I dunno
oh you're just kind of looking at thing
yeah okay okay
hey measure twice cut once
oh yes most for those asking most of
these computer parts were bought at
newegg.com and then a few were from
Amazon from different distributors but
all the computer parts were thoroughly
resourced be searched by returns so we
just found what Grover was selling them
prices but on most of them came from you
we have rubbing alcohol I don't know I
just thought I think I got a little
smudge on the top of the processor your
print or something no I'll clean it off
I guess is skinny because I'm kind of
blunt they've got like lens cleaner like
a like a lens cleaner like a microfiber
cup cloth yeah cloth yeah the cloth
okay I'm gonna see if I can find
yeah you're right dictabird away says we
have we have alcohol or the J Bowman's
beer dude it's like we just have regular
alcohol you want to rub some gian on it
rich is not in a joking mood I'm sitting
here building a computer I'm worried
about breaking things I know I'm worried
about people judging me I know we're
judging you no matter what right
ah I'm here to bring bring the jokes and
you make the computer yeah I know my
pure like I gingka's Khan will not be in
the stream tonight oh my gosh am I on
Lena he's hanging out with her sport
night right now they're together so
we're getting drinks in hell I'm
assuming Ernest Borgnine went to hell I
mean it's really possible most of us are
right especially ones that think they
are know why they're in for a you may
have no idea
- I end up by yes everyone is now
posting gifts of rich Devin's one guess
which type it is that is a very
difficult it sure is
so somebody wants to hold this down that
little sure you're hey what do I do
how do I not fuck
you
wait looks more impressive I'm slightly
terrified
dr. J says just make sure it doesn't
lift up keep it nice and flat on and
downward pressure our pattern even
review the way
I can hear vocals
yeah like also it's classical music is
just on a random shuffle so we might get
some weird stuff all right what's gonna
happen guy it's working it's working the
grin that you get every time you say
haha it's the stupidest eat it doesn't
not need to do with anything and no
investment in him getting his pottery
sir to work no it never went suddenly a
big deal but he gets it working and all
the kids high-five
yeah I'm not saying that JJ Abrams Star
Wars movies gonna be great or even good
but how could you be worried about it
being worse there's no way that's not no
way it'll be worth
you
all right right whoo that was intense
clapping you see what rich is doing
overhanging what I am you what he's
doing just like a how-to video undersea
this it's because of the stream that we
were able to get rich a new computer and
so they everyone seemed interested in
watching rich build it oh no this is
what we're doing what to read fill it
Wow not a lot of subtext with that wall
yeah Allah okay rich that's really good
thank you not a great riff this is um
this is a learned skill here and this
can help um hey Ernest Kahn
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it oh not that kind like
Genghis that's how commas fell to him
this is Amy okay Jen well
hey I don't feel things or ever been
since night um just born replicant 82
oh yeah yeah berrak 3 was 8 or okay 7 do
just we knew they would come out right
in the same same airless Star Wars
movies because it's so drastic and error
in between yeah
Star Trek is not the same oh it is now
that's true it's all the same stuff
everything hey excited you came by the
way you can tell I'm not excited but I'm
mildly interested which is more than I
could say about anything Star Wars
allowed for the last decade fiction of
what will be yet huh um
ulchhhh Geist thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
oh they're not liking me but oh no
that's something on my own hold on I'll
fine I get rid of the noise get you guys
can hear bang it's the room that's what
you want you're they have music on
they'll soften it
hi I only wanna just dead silence and
you're hearing like room tone
yeah all right I have to get venture
okay there we got rid of the noise good
go back to work okay n NCC 171 the D
thank you for subscribing and a Miss
Wickham oh thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it
from both of you shake hands you see 171
171 the d schat a reference doesn't
start that's a stun to Star Trek 4 joke
one seven zero yeah one 170 1701 yeah
what is that one seven I you know what
I'm reading it it's a I'm reading it
lies two colors for the enterprise oh my
god since you know what okay
maybe C or D if you notice in spider-man
hasn't count do you remember the film
called spider amazing spider-man 2 I
tried to forget it when when spider-man
and whatever Anne Hathaway whoever the
girl is in spider-man 2 and mostella
when they go to the electrical power
plant where Jamie Foxx was to blow power
plant up because man is vital I think
they drive a police car there or Emma
Stone drives a police car oh yeah I
since flight is one seven zero one I
think every point out when we search I
think Alex Chrisman and
because they're with the Star Trek
scripts yeah okay it was like someone's
been here I looks a bit that I don't
think we mentioned them no well I think
I remember you mentioning that to me
rich images you might have done the fan
placement incorrect how's that it's not
blowing through the heatsink so you
wanted on the other side hold on we're
checking guys rich the fan on the other
side please
what family oh yo you put the fan up
yeah okay that's a good sign it needs to
go on the other side that's what they're
saying
are they absolutely sure every video
I've seen online of because I never use
with these schools I watched videos of
people installing them fan has always
been blowing on the side of the ramp fan
the fan on the side side fan is bound
every video I've seen of this Hey
first of all Oda licks I'll trust octo
Jan kids thanks for subscribing octo Jay
confirm it's on the same side as the
ramp the fan in the ramp they're saying
yes they are sure I just get Achtung aah
Achtung
I'll sit on the other side all right hey
that's okay good by the way
thank you everyone oh yeah thank you I
just want to make sure this is like I
said I didn't research this shit every
guys watch like three videos of
installing this because this is a goofy
weird thing that I haven't dealt with
before right and it was always over
there hanging over the ramp so
oh it says the case fans will blow in
the ramp case fans gonna be on the other
side once this is installed octo Jay
listen octo dream for the top ones okay
Yeah right
we won't listen to anyone else but octo
Jay will listen to that guys that kind
of stand up do not not to disrespect the
rest of the chat I just know octo Jay
knows things about well you've talked I
talked to uh computers you've talked dr.
J specifically about the computer you're
building so we're gonna trust Anka
the picture shows that it is on the
right that's okay that's all right
delay and delay almost fuckin no no
we're checking the chat it's gonna be
fine
everything's gonna be fine
and we'll see we probably rich probably
won't be able to stream with this on
Sunday so maybe next week Wednesday will
be our our inaugural stream with the new
computer so we can get all the all of
the fancy software that works most of
the time the everybody live in liquid we
are literally watching somebody built a
PC while talking about Star Trek while
talking about a Star Trek reference in a
comic book movie yes this is peak nerd I
agree Oh since we're going full nerd
yeah
what are your thoughts on the Star Wars
drew do we talk about that I don't know
if we're gonna feel like a fish but I
mean I think we just get around the
fucking way
oh we did not think we did something
might have on Sonya sure but we can talk
about it um you know it it's so JJ
Abrams if that's a thing that can be
said with tankers embarks then give me
one fucking favor before you grab bloody
empty boxes out there goes your hand so
I just toss the park garbage in oh yeah
um it sure does look like a JB uh it
looks it looks a little more restrained
than that Star Trek movie most like JJ
Abrams trying to make trying trying to make an
original trilogy movie trying to be
respectful to the first three Star Wars
movies that's at my side yeah
visually I can't complain ya know it
wasn't mine some people have you know
said Oh CG I thought there's gonna be
more practical stuff yeah if the sets
are practical I'll be happy yeah if they
want to do the sets I mean though the
ships and CG no one's gonna shoot
practical miniatures on a green screen
like no one does that anymore it's not
the way movies are made if you have that
big of a problem with CG that you should
just stop watching movies I mean that's
the way I think those are done what I
have a promise have been there are like
over the reliance on CG where it's just
done to be lazy
yeah and this doesn't look lazy so I'm
fine with it
the problem with CG isn't CG itself it's
how they use it yeah exactly
it's and they usually use it for excess
for excesses sake because they can write
and that always looks cartoony and
horrible yeah but it's like you know
it's like when the Falcon flies by and
there's just two tie fighters yeah
that's with restraint that's a good sign
that there's only two type I hear ya
then we've seen the Star Trek movies we
know how mailrooms handles practical
yeah CG and combines the two yeah the
only thing that matters right now is if
it's going to have a good script and we
don't know that we saw six random images
yep that's it yeah but if you put those
images together with a decent script it
will be a good movie yeah I see great it
looked you know what I I got a little
hyped when you see the x-wings
over the lake I do like that image does
that I'm just giving the like I think
that's cool really cool looking I got a
little hyped when the money fucking did
all sorts of flippity flus
when they receive a oh well that is it's
doing it in a planet's atmosphere
whatever's ever really seen it you know
new ver like that so I think that's kind
of neat
yeah we'll see no we can take off and
land from planets I don't think
maneuvering in the atmosphere shocked me
they decided so Johnny this just we've
never seen a cloud city does a little
flippy turn thing I guess so
alright fair enough yeah so it's you
know it's it did get me my my interest
has been piqued I I went from pure
indifference some interest yes okay yeah
that's about me too yeah mild interest
because I'm still like not that big in
there anything Star Wars outside of
those original movies but we'll see yeah
I'm more interested than I have been in
a very very long time and start wars
yeah
little droid looks cool a little guide
of a soccer ball that seems like a weird
shot to decide to use so that teaser
they just think I mean I don't know the
whole the whole teaser I guess kind of
has this feeling of like panic and so
you see the little guy running away so I
guess that makes sense but well it just
seems like these that's one of the
second image you want to show it's a
little weird hopefully what what that
image was trying to convey is that this
will have a little bit of that kind of
like humorous adventure Oh
check the first one's head a little
light it's not going to be it's not
going to be the Dark Knight right now
it's going to there she's all gonna be
goofy little droids like there always
has been yes which I saw some people
complain about that shot me like pokes
like pre polecrab it's like you seen the
original Star Wars movies there's goofy
little droids everywhere yeah all the
time but this one's a CG but this one's
CG so it automatically sucks sounds like
I'm the champions of CG god I just I
mean I don't have a problem with it as
long as it's used appropriately
there's nasty in there and there was
nothing in the trailer that made me feel
it was gonna be over overly reliant but
again turn to say cuz it's six shots
that's it exactly
I don't know
what are you okay you found it
everything's fine
Rick straps the ball right hey didn't I
have that oh oh there's two there's two
of theirs too oh geez there's one for
each side
what that's the way computers work this
is madness well that's the way pcs work
enough people can throw these things
together in 20 minutes like I said I
haven't done this in five years so I'm
taking my damn time thank you for it you
know we got oh my god night zone this is
more money than I've spent at months and
years this was a business investment yes
business

[Part II]
now they're talking about the technical
aspects of the soccer ball robot how
else would a robot move in sand it's try
mean a soccer ball robots a good round
fun yeah
obviously there are magnets yeah see I
saw it's not like it's rolling in one
continuous motion it's not like flipping
around or anything little part right
right so you just have a track in the
middle and you have to like half's on
each side and those are the things that
rotate you could do that I do think it
was a magnet more friendly I could not
care less
yeah but not care less about that girl
robot all right
you know I'm phirni because I've seen
one shot of it and know nothing about
its story or what it's doing or what it
what place it has on the movie right I'm
not going to get overly concerned
sorry
keep reading reading your comments maybe
see if they make sense some of them
don't look they're asking if we can
auction off that static bang LeAnn the
next eBay auction signed by recipients
we know rich will not action off is
always no I'm using parts of this
actually the TVD drive some hard drives
okay you guys talking about the best way
to ship us beer because yes figure that
out uh some people have done that and
what they've done is individually
wrapped the bottles in bubble wrap okay
and then put the whole thing in a big
box that's also filled with some sort of
packing material sure that's a good idea
that way did they don't shake around a
lot they don't make a lot of noise or
the ever reports the post offices they
want to question it and open it up and
see what's and I don't think you can
send it through the mail yeah you can if
you wrap it up well enough where they
don't bother to check what's it okay
they do is they catch you sending them I
don't know I think they just say you
can't send that and then turn you up
turn you back oh you guys want to see
what rich is doing how is he had a brain
that's okay we can just hi rich okay it
might show your face be prepared I would
be unfortunate cuz nobody has ever seen
what rich Evans looks like well you know
now watch are you okay now yes now you
can see what rich is doing a little bit
better the question for Jay here is will
you drink the beer on half an event if
they send it to you um probably either
that we're best of the workers sure
Kevin the fridge
Junie will pull it out mm-hmm yeah I
think the many beers that happens into
us we have drinkin hmm drink them on one
of the show
does anybody have a little flashlight
because I'm trying to line up black
screws and I'm a black peg through a
black hole oh it is working it's just
really like let me get an extra large
yeah I can't see what I'm doing that's
bad sure okay rich they're saying
because now a facecam has appeared on a
prereq we've sold out okay how much how
many did I just get for some 100 not
very much no we sold out for really
cheap um mind if we use this we're
getting more tomorrow so we can replace
okay I did you already use the one on my
camera bag oh I don't know there should
be a big role on my camera bag trip yeah
Premium Cola what a moat music is
playing Oh Barbara fiag al changes sorry
about that
what we playing barbra streisand Barber
of Seville I was just a guy singing all
barber still hmm
what's wrong with partnership it was
just a guy singing audio on a singing
voice okay I didn't like that pleadians
don't like classical music I think
everyone likes classical music but you
know it's like a guy singing and we're
talking I could see that Jay Bowman's
beard says prereq hasn't been the same
since that PC builds true yeah you're
absolutely right
you guys wanted III think it's fun I
think it's neat
I I like this side of it I like I hope
everyone is gaining an appreciation for
for how hard these things are to make
what can be seen how do they adjust this
jacket what do mean for being able to
see in here you want to see in there
well you know what as soon as I get
these screws on I can put it up right
and then I can just adjust the camera
that okay sure okay oh yeah you're a
classical good opera bad what the fuck
indeed every 801 thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
oh it's true
feline diabetes says come on rich
children in China build a hundred of
these a day no but they have tiny this
thing they build 100 of them a day yeah
they're probably pretty quick cuz I do
it all the time old man eyes I got old
man everything
Rich's convinced himself that he's an
elderly person this is this is the other
the other day during a prereq discussion
rich called me middle-aged no no no I'm
32 years old
that is not literally that is not
middle-aged unless you're planning a die
very early right so let's all settle
down Jack why don't you have a proper
tripod i mean i do i used a tiny shitty
cheap tripod because it's a bit smaller
yeah there's not a lot of room in here
because there's not a lot of room in
here we have very nice tripods yes here
it's almost like we're a professional
video production operation or something
it's one of those things but nice
tripods are large yes and heavy and take
up a lot of space and we don't have a
lot of space right now
so why Jack is younger than Collin
probably I was common as he mentioned
earth um yeah you are younger yeah oh
yeah people always seem very interested
in our ages for some reason I don't get
a clue they want to know they relate to
us but I know that you're very aged oh
really something L knowing no no no not
at all
yeah yeah who knows
Collins 41 is that true uh I don't know
why I'm asking the chat how do you know
oh there's stalker because the internet
is full of creepers oh speaking of
creepy yeah Jack Jay I saw tusk oh my
god gonna bring this up yourself to us I
saw Kevin Smith's latest film tusk first
of all why would you do such a thing
well here's the thing here's the thing
okay uh for anyone that hasn't heard
talk about Kevin Smith down here before
I hate him yeah I didn't use to he was a
big inspiration to me when I was 14
years old girl to hate him I hate his
face have you ever noticed in my donor
stomach recent pictures of him he's
always doing this like overly
exaggerated like excited smile do you
know I'm talking about he does it all
the time and I just did I see the
pictures of him that all okay they pop
up in like Lee websites and shit I hate
him I hate his personality I hate his
attitude towards critics basically
everything uh but he did have a big
influence on me when I was younger
that's over so I'm always mildly curious
to see what he's doing now even though
he was supposed to have retired from
making movies years ago he still keeps
doing it but and he's also reached this
like fuckit point where he knows he's
completely irrelevant so he's like I'm
just gonna do whatever the hell I feel
like sure
so tusk weird premise by a director that
I used to kind of be
so curious to see it not an offer I
would go out of my way to see it's a
theater like I do not care but it's on
iTunes now so streaming services have
completely devalued movies to the point
where it's like oh it's there so I guess
I'll watch it um so I watched tusk I
really liked it I really liked it uh and
I would completely understand why people
would hate it
which I don't even know do all people
hate this movie I don't know what the
feedback on it has been I'm careful the
small amount of feedback I've heard is
it's someone is that it was bad because
someone was attempting to make a
purposefully bad movie okay it's not
that okay it is bad okay okay here's the
thing it's it's bad in the same way like
I can't in good conscience like trash
this movie and still talk about how much
I love movies like like basket-case or
the toxic avenger like it's a shitty
dumb creative b-movie I was what it is
if you're watching it to just watch a
conventional movie you'll probably think
it's horrible and I would completely
understand that because totally it's all
over the place
but it was weird and interesting enough
to keep me entertained
okay and Michael parks you know Michael
parks is the actor he was in if you have
seen from Gustav dawn he's that you know
the the the cop that comes into the gas
station to begin to that movie he has a
big long monologue he's a really great
character actor he's didn't come Smith's
last movie too but okay he's been in
some Tarantino stuff really really good
actor he is so he's a great actor he's
so committed he's the one that turns
what's his face just long into a walk
all right the only yeah okay okay he is
so committed to that part and he sells
it there's a large portion of the booty
once Justin Long gets to his house where
it's just there's a handful of scenes
right
where it's just him like telling stories
about his life and he used to be you
know was on the sea growing up on the
CEO and he's just like fascinating to
watch and for a little while it's a
genuinely good movie and then it gets
weird and stupid
ah but he's still committed and so he
kind of sells the rest of the movie oh
I'm shocked tonight I know I'm shocked
that I enjoyed it I really wasn't my I
was curious to see it but I did not have
any expectations to like it sure and I'm
assuming a lot of people don't like it
um but like I said it works in the the
b-movie way and not in a way where it's
like there's lots of movies that come up
now that are like trying to do the the
grindhouse thing or like making a
throwback movie sure it's not bad it
feels too genuine for that like it just
feels like a like a b-movie without like
trying to pay homage to other B movies
right it's just a weird little premise
and it's a very simple movie to like guy
turned someone into a walrus like that's
the movie um hold on for a second out of
killable J thank you for subscribing
that's a little weird not J just to the
lower J Oh kill a bulge maybe kill bulge
thank you for scribing we very much
appreciate it I the most interesting
thing about what you just said to me was
it doesn't omage to other movies no it I
mean I know that the whole movie started
as a joke like it wasn't just something
they made up on their podcasts and then
you decided to turn into a movie yeah so
I know that the whole movie is a joke
but it's treated with sincerity and it's
actually pretty good looking like the
cinematography is nice it's got this
really like warm rich look to it um the
walrus suit a stupid-looking well but
it's so is the monster of basket-case
you know and that's like it's acceptable
in something like that so I don't know
wow I really liked it I cannot recommend
it cuz I think most people would hate it
I'm sure I'm shocked it was so off
kilter and like totally all over the
place
oh um Johnny Depp isn't it one which I
don't know if that's a spoiler like I
don't that was supposed to be secret but
I just revealed it so whatever well and
he is so his performance is at odds with
everything else he's doing it's like
something like like lost Michael Myers
performance like this comedic thing he's
doing and it's terrible
uh-huh but he's acting opposite hailey
Joe Osmond in the scene Haley Joel
Osment in the movie and he's actually
really really good and Haley because
this is Haley Joel Osment is Justin
Long's like co-host on a podcast and
Justin Long's girlfriend they're both
trying to find Justin long like figure
out what happened to her right and so
they meet up with Johnny Depp whose
delivery was completely horrible comedic
performance but he's talking about like
he's been tracking this guy for years
and you know this guy's trying to turn
people into walruses before and and
Johnny Depp's performance is so bad but
Haley Joel Osment is reacting to him
with such like sincerity and genuine
concern for his friends and he's very
believable so it's just like odd
completely mismatched tone it's so weird
okay so I guess I like it as a bad movie
but it's it's there's enough creativity
where it's not just like like a whole
layer like you're laughing at it for
being so inept it's just trying to do
all these different things that don't
really work together but it's still sort
of interesting to watch so that's my
take up tusks I like it I like it
now using cos usually like for best of
the worst you know like a lot of the
badness just comes from either but you
know budgetary reasons like a shitty
costume right where's general ineptitude
of the filmmaking general and aptitude
sure but this is bad for different
reasons but still engaging exactly well
that's like it like I mentioned
basket-case are any Frank Hannon Lauder
movie really or it's like I understand
the technical shortcomings but the movie
is entertaining enough to rise above
that
Fermat's like oh the monster looks
stupid you're like oh the monster looks
stupid it's empty you know stupid in a
good way mmm that's I was very shocked
to enjoy it so much and I'm shocked to
hear you I don't know there's probably
people listening on this that are gonna
go out and watch it they're gonna be so
mad at me
well hopefully if you're coming to the
movie as someone who has watched bad
movies or bi movies yeah
and to understand kind of that genre
maybe you can get some appreciation out
of this yeah cuz I I watched lots of
dumb weird shit weird B movies you know
and this was like watching one of those
it was one of those I was expecting it
to be like I was there's some bad Kevin
smithy stuff early on like the Justin
Long character is completely unlikable
like not like he's supposed to be sort
of like a cocky asshole and you could do
that and have the character be likable
this didn't do it he was just he's
actually really horrible like his
performance is bad and the characters is
horrible and then he goes to Canada I
thought furry meets Michael parks and
there's just like every possible
Canadian cliche is in there and it's
just if you like that stuff they'll vary
Kevin smithy but once it gets past Matt
I kind of stopped thinking about the
fact that it was a Kevin Smith movie Oh
which is a good thing that they hate him
so yeah well before we continue judge
holden judge holden thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it someone is
asking oh hold on Oh something very
important rich what I see octo J says
deep oopsies oopsies whoopsies
somebody stop rich Jack Oh Jack we have
a problem
hold on okay hold on I'm here stop
everything
dear God Jack stop everything this is
our people freaking out he's we're
freaking out because the fan you might
have had the fan right oh no I think
they wanted to see accidents happen
though and they manufacture it
they fucking manufacture it yeah I take
I take zero credit class zero Oh
oh man oh my god because I hated the S
is that gonna be to take it back out
Oh after dr. J is really sorry um that
someone was asking in the chat it's I
mean it's millions of comments away now
but how does this affect your perception
of Kevin Smith is a filmmaker uh he's
still a bad filmmaker I mean there's so
many inept things in the movie actually
the weirdest thing about the movie is
there's lots of like it's clear they
shot it with two cameras like an a
camera to be camera not just you know
get an angle switch to like it's so
close or you can tell they shot it with
two cameras
same time okay and but the two angles
are so similar to each other that when
it comes back and forth
it's like jarring it's like a really
like like close-ups of people where it
might be like a three-fold profile
sure and then the other angle is almost
the same 3/4 profile but maybe just a
little bit wider oh where when it cuts
back and forth you're like whoa that's
jarring that's awkward
so oh so not cutting like back and forth
between people but no see different
angles of the same person it happens
multiple times in the movie it's really
weird so he's still pretty inept as far
as a filmmaker goes but the ideas and
the performances and then the writing
like there's what parts of the movie
that it's just Michael parks like
talking and telling these stories and
and he's just like fascinating to watch
so look you know it works it works
despite the Kevin Smithee elements I've
always conceded and I think I will
always can see that I believe Kevin
Smith is a good writer yeah yeah there's
some stuff early on in this movie that I
didn't care for but more like the like I
said the Canada stuff or it's like Oh
God
oh and the main character the Justin lon
character's name is Wallace like walrus
like that's pretty obvious and stupid
and it has bad chemistry things in it
but it's also moving or Michael parks
turn someone into a walrus sure and
Johnny Depp plays Inspector Clouseau and
leads Haley Joel Osment help and find
his friend okay
all right
so that's my task review I don't know
like that that almost that almost like
sells me I'm watching Thomas God I mean
I fit
I mean not enough to like give money for
if it's on Netflix one day no capture
maybe I want it yeah interest now in the
climax of the movie is set to the song
tossed by Fleetwood Mac which is an
awesome song and I've had it stuck in my
head all day as that sound the only
reason you like it it's just because
they play one song at the end great
oh so octo J but what I could do is
saying is he thought the fan was in pole
orientation it's alright there's no need
for pump now it's it's an easy fix
everything's going to be fine everything
is going to be fun great back seat
general thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it and
how great is this tease avatar says
speaking of Co so what do you guys think
of the Pink Panther movies the originals
not the standard ship they were Steve
Martin Pink Panther movies that doesn't
exist no most of those don't exist if
you just keep telling yourself that
eventually they'll go away um oh I like
those movies I haven't seen him in a
very long time but my favorite was a
shot in the dark which I think was the
second one ever the Pink Panther is that
the only I Peter Sellers was great in
those movies Peter Sellers is ingenious
people should know that it was a shot in
the dark the one where they're on the
ski lodge um I remember a nudist camp I
don't think they go to a ski lodge
that's why I haven't seen him since high
school so it's hard to say about my
grade it's been a while it's been a
while yeah but they're great they're
great it's it's a different era and so
they're it's a different pace than
modern comedy yeah that was the thing I
noticed when I first saw I think the
first Pink Panther movie one he's not in
a lot of the movie like it wasn't his
series of movies at that point uses sort
of the breakout sir but yeah there's
like very leisurely plate paced they're
giving out like plot information and
there's no jokes and all of a sudden
something wacky happens I can have an
image burned into my brain forever it
whichever Pink Panther movie where
they're at the scheme
and he's kind of going back and forth
from room to room or oh no he's in his
bedroom and he's wrestling with this
blanket because his wife says she's cold
and his wife is like cheating on him or
something's up so she's going back and
making him going at dumb things as he
was wrestling with this blanket because
his wife said she was cold right and he
you know he's doing some some comic book
food already with the blanket and yeah
and eventually he gets it ready and
Peter Sellers has this thing where he
just stops and like looks at the blanket
like are you bringing for this blanket
and it's it's such a small communicant
but it's burned into my brain forever I
may not have seen whichever one that is
I don't know sighs just it's this tiny
little tick like looks at the blanket
any I mean Peter Sellers is fantastic
have you ever seen Pete I was just gonna
say I've never seen that's one I've
always meant to see and I've never got
around to watching it almost perfect I
hear it's a great movie yeah just about
perfect
it's not so they tell you put the fan on
the wrong way is that why it's not oh
Jesus Christ
hold on rich but now they're saying Jack
there is discussion that maybe octo Jay
was right oh my god
they're funny it is what it is folks the
question is whether or not the fan is
which direction the fan is going is it
going the same direction as the fan
behind it they're both going this way
these fans are going to take these fans
are take a whatever and I don't know
which way there is in is it this
important I don't know which way they're
going to spin you don't know which way
they're going to spend okay
the
Oh might know the airflows get this way
okay and that's the correct way
this one is this way to okay the both on
this way great but most on this way this
going in yet everything's fine every
time I got money both again yeah so yeah
in other words I just backseat fucking
computer experts it does yeah
yes okay after J yes we've we've checked
the arrows on the fan all right they are
both pointing out of the computer
great all right
we're doing good now being there has one
moment just two nights I don't know
finger has one moment and I won't i
won't spoil it
I will watch it eventually yeah I've
been meaning to see it for like years
when it's a moment at the beginning of
music but there's one moment where they
they drastically change the score of the
movie and it's supposed to be changed
but it's weird okay thanks you have a
problem but being there is she is it is
a perfect and wonderful movie
yeah I know the video is not perfectly
in sync with rich talking you know what
it's really not that important I'm just
gonna be honest so I'm not going to
adjust how far out is it or why would it
be off because the video is going
through the capture device and the
capture device is going through that and
that's looking out so just like the
whales it's like a like a half a second
delay no that's fine it's fine you do
not need to see Rich's mouth moving yes
but rich if you want to make them all
sick you can talk directly into the
camera what are you talking about the
audio sync is fine what what is that
rich this is the power spool this was
our things oh yeah you know it also
regulates voltage or something I'm sure
got something you just made up things
there's so many cords it's insane yeah
Nora normally before the stream would
start like if we were if we were playing
a game I would double check how much I
off put our audio to make sure that it's
you know perfectly or as closed synced
up for the game as possible but this
doesn't really matter
yeah we don't need this alright it's off
like two seconds I have whatever I don't
care that you should hear cuz Rich's
face isn't in it all that often shit
Audio is that whatever that doesn't
matter you know what guys it just
doesn't everything's fine every
everything is fine all the time Oh rich
they want to know what kind of zip drive
you got the 100 megabyte or the 250 mega
bail fuck yourself
ha ha you can see Jays beard on
literally hundreds of Internet videos
right now this is true yeah you can look
at any number of videos created in the
last year and a half two years all again
oh yeah over a year I don't remember my
girl in the beard sure so I know he
started growing into this kind of a joke
because that was when we started doing
best of the worst
yeah and everyone was calling Josh like
bearded hipster sure there was neckbeard
I was always talking about neck beards
yeah on our site we our opinions are
neck beard opinions I don't know that
means sure so I just started girl the
beer as a joke okay like this so I kept
up down that's my story
that's my beard story that's a good
beard story that's a terrible story
I have a map people are asking about the
type of Polish I use on my head now I do
use lotion after I shave that makes
sense
because you loot you you shave lotion
after yes I swap for men I use I go
through quite a bit when I shave my
entire head and face how often do you
shave your head do you do it you don't
do it every day not every day um a
couple times a week
okay I'll shave the whole thing or like
especially like before we shoot
something I make sure
that at least my head shape so if I
don't have time I'll just shave my head
be a little stubble like I knew today
they won't see that but I will I have my
beard stubble now but my aunt she oh my
god there's so much stuff on the credit
only they could see it no I had it it's
amazing how much some with my head is
smooth except I got this
Oh balls to my head yeah but my head has
you know cause problems it's caused
reflective problems there's one best of
the worst or there's like a light layer
right on the top yep I don't know which
oh that was but yeah
you know it happens that's fine it
happens it's gonna be fine because
there's nothing you can do about Rogaine
I always get the Rogaine now rubbing
still the thing do people use that for
the work I'm given verb would you use it
like if it was guaranteed to work no
come because I even when I had hair like
I did not I didn't get haircuts in
place you know like I would mostly cut
it myself yeah I don't care that much
the cost of Rogaine if it were if it was
worked a hundred percent yet you know it
would be incredibly expensive sure I say
just grow older the way that you're
supposed to the way you naturally do
this is what rage rage not a little life
I'm sure I'm quite sure that I forgot
what I was gonna say just yeah I'm sure
it wasn't good
oh yeah right you're right I miss primal
I would spend all the sub money on hair
plugs
no do hair plugs ever look natural I
probably they did they would have been
better broken and then Grogan's been
around longer than hair plugs you sure
know what we're making hair plug jokes
in the 80s yeah I feel like row gains
been around longer than me that's no
game it's like a 90s thing that's gonna
have a Hair Club for Men commercials oh
that's right
I don't know yeah I want to say bye I
want to say like the Hair Club for Men
has been around since
now it was actually the first club the
first Enders ever a club for anything
yeah it was the hair clip from a bunch
of a bunch of cavemen hang around
pointing to the head the first club for
anything was actually a club that
cavemen with huge yeah absolutely
that was that was can you imagine being
the first person in human existence to
start to go bald unless you met that
must a bad night the fuck is this
no one else in your tribe is looking at
you funny uh yes I can
he's not worried about where his teeth
point you know just you know don't worry
about anything I don't like I don't like
it when people die their hair yeah oh my
god like if you go gray let it go age
gracefully and this is what I'm saying
don't worry about no nips no tucks just
let it hang that's what I gotta say but
it did take me a while to get there you
know obviously I was forced to cousin in
town you people can't see but I'm a
party guy
so what's what's going wrong now what's
going on man out there nothing's going
wrong there are nothing's I mean yeah I
did just hear someone who's just saying
that you know they could have probably
built this for you and they probably
could have I'm not listening anything oh
this take your time make sure you do it
right yeah Rich's my business it's fun I
never said this would be quick nah I'm
really glad this is this is interesting
fuckin live fun everybody's fine but
dick the birthday boy is being funny he
says stop you're building the entire PC
upside down yeah what's the work true
just the image on your monitor would be
upside down
well you just trying to murder our set
down okay that's an easy fix that is an
easy fix
um oh I did not talk about steam
broadcasting yet rich did you see that
news today no steam is now offering its
own quasi streaming service okay in
which you can broadcast the game you are
currently playing on Steam and any one
of your friends can watch you play on
Steam without the use of another
third-party app yeah did present she
only had one if you wanted friends
really
well that's shut about our problem yeah
I think it's great I think there are
people who will use that and enjoy it I
don't think that we'll do that because
we kind of like out which works seaboard
for us so I think we're gonna stick with
Totino's lawyer oh oh thank you for
subscribing or are you serving us with
papers go after Tim and Eric before us
those bastards listen I I have a ton of
friend requests in steam and I can't I
don't have any slots left available why
do they do that where you can only have
somebody I don't know
excuse my money on their carts oh really
I think most reasonable people just use
it for multiplayer friends yeah and you
don't need 300 you know yeah we're we're
the weirdos yeah so we're we're using
we're you know it's not really what it
was designed for yeah and I am having a
concern here my fans all have these
little big three holes for the pins yeah
all fan pins on the motherboard had four
I don't know if you just put them on
three of them more if I'm supposed to
find some kind of adapter or what okay
really charges
yeah you're right Raj we like we bought
the computer on a budget it's still nice
price you know like is that a good price
point
things like RAM and SSDs like we can
upgrade that later something I ran this
Thomas yep and eight gigs
yeah a kick that's right it's funny
funny Ram are you doing a Larry can you
get more RAM yes
that's not no then what you have isn't
enough more is available get more listen
to Jay rich you get the most you can get
and then you get a little bit more in
case you can get more later
that's what should you RAM is like the
absolute easiest thing that's upgrade
now even I don't want install more rail
oh you know they have a very important
question rich are you concerned about
being part of the piece seat about being
part of the PC gaming mustard race what
best sign worthy of comment like my
dream I thought it was funny test late I
thought you guys were clever hey I used
to think we had some really clever fans
to be there he wasn't a subscriber J dr.
J recently turned it into turned off a
subscriber only mode and that was not as
okay
pretty sure these go on the last three
sections I don't know
I don't know I'm doing it I'm doing it I
do it this is when the Splosion happens
yeah this might be oh god
because this one tapped in here that
fences just extra pan out to the side
fit yeah it fits in the little Lulu's
this little plastic little wick can fix
there's a plastic thing on top of thins
that slides in okay so I'm just going to
assume I'm doing this right even though
I'm not good it's great
what the fuck on yes mark Besson thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it I clicked on a finger
prize shit
that's fine next one I keep clicking on
your links I didn't know what that last
one meant it was a bunch of computer
gobbledygook
no yeah his bone his own design yes what
does that mean which FDD did you get
what's a DD what's an f DD do they mean
STD that's a thing right
yes DP SS penis SSD okay I know what an
SSD is I don't know what an F F F DD
okay how you guys talking about what is
that rich the heart breathlessly
solid-state Parker just this is the SSD
okay it was very important to the chat
that rich get the solid state drive okay
instead of a regular old spinning hard
drive this has to be amazing
all right you don't Joe how much storage
this SSDs that would you want to guess
uh one gig 120 good guys gigabytes okay
does that sound like DJ not a lot yeah
yeah but they're like but that's because
it's new and they're it's a newer
technology and it's not advanced they
are many many times faster yeah
yes and rich still does have his regular
old hard drive as well I'm going to end
it in here - yes it can operate with
both of them can you get that multiple
hard drive sugar pure
maybe you can't with Mack I don't know
no you can't with me okay okay okay
Lucas adults ow I I wonder if you can
with a BC I've no idea doctor killed a
cat says his dad wants help tuba once my
dad wants to build a gaming computer and
he keeps asking me for help but I don't
know what's your advice so I'm doing
something look it up on the Internet oh
yeah do some research do some research
there there are literally thousands of
resources online go go read it they have
subreddits dedicated to building your
own PC websites giving you lists of
things that you can buy all at one place
it's fine everything's going to be fine
yeah then the octo days right so the
solid-state drive home from the
operating system and like the apps okay
and then you know you put all your needs
yeah on the regular old speedy drives
like a goof
I have put my media on the computer's
internal drive and so long everything is
on external drive mmm-hmm did you buy
that static wristband or did that come
with your with your tool kit I've had
this so long I don't remember where I
got it I think like if you go to New
Ager to go to places like that that sell
like computer repair kits usually a
static wristband will come with the kids
I think I've had this since I build my
first one so it's been a while we'll
show you the graphics card everybody
settled down that's coming down will
show you all the goods man gonna be
great itself it's all free sorry okay
well hey c-3po tato yep you have fun
with that spunky is a great game it's
one of my favorites you will waste so
many hours on that day
now I'll click in because the screws too
far up unless your spy you supposed to
maybe anything walk up oh yeah yeah this
is how I want you go to the back that's
very different always go in the back
yeah alright that's new this is this a
good you make some kind of juvenile
reference yeah I expect more huge a
really yes man you know no wait a minute
your guy my score spotted horse moment
is an art film that's different anybody
who likes horse vomit oh yeah get that
back to our mayor action vector mayor
yeah oh there's uh by the way if you can
rich can you stagger the hard drives
really I guess reheat yet image they're
saying stagger that hard drives for but
tell them that makes sense thank you
thank you you just told him oh you need
Jack the tango
I made a double tone sometimes sometimes
J I'm just being silly Billy oh I don't
know who said that anymore
thank you guys thank you thank you guys
someone looking I'm looking to give you
the friends that's slang to say credit
you're done with the kids
poor poor evidence thank you for making
that suggestion it was a good suggestion
what it was fun I'm just I'm organizing
fish I'm making sure I didn't miss
anything before I put all your empty
boxes mm-hmm the graphics card oh one
milady oh that's it that's going to make
all sorts of pretty pictures you could
do like Photoshop on that it's gonna I
need you to photo shops on this what is
that is that thing a camera it takes
pictures is that where you're saying yep
it's got a front-facing camera it's got
a side camera it's a one megapixel well
gas-station hanging I can neither
confirm or deny that it's your 22nd
birthday but if it is you know way to
not die for another year you did great
keep up the good work keep up the good
work well rich has one excuse not to
solo stream now we're next thing we have
to figure out is rich is piss-poor
internet gaming yeah
yeah the Rob Roy thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
thank you for subscribing to rich Evans
might not fuck up comically fancy I
don't know it broke okay my god look at
that
did you show the camera your show show
them all the angles rich oh look at that
dan I'm going to assume they're hip
enough yeah but they know where it is
what's all them outputs I'm gonna have
to read just show me them outputs touch
oh I got there I got that is DVI huh
another DVI yeah I means I'm swimming
dessert HDMI 110 HDMI yes yes horror
looks weird maybe it's not what perfect
way to do yeah yeah this one's doing
them I've never seen that one is that
like an HDMI mini or isaac Ferrer and
once itís oh I didn't know what the
fuck that is
I don't either oh there's a they're
saying is it just a display port display
port that's what they're saying what the
fuck is a display ports I don't know I
wanna be high something I don't know
what the fuck that is
okay I'm sure it's some sort of
connection that is probably better than
other connections for some reason or way
worse for different reasons
oh we got more opera hold on yeah I'm
fixing it
that was the marriage of figaro no good
my knees are well cuz it's good thing
yeah and if we're talking and they're
singing that's distracting
I understand DisplayPort
port yep it's true
plugs are the power in before you plug
it in what I guess it's going to be hard
to get apps or easy to damage if I don't
I watched it
I'm just reading what they're writing
yeah let me set this aside briefly I
shouldn't do that at the edge of the
table
um Questers fest thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it if someone is
asking a very important question jack
which blanket is my favorite rlm the
answer is yes the the answer is
sometimes
oh sure what this comes with a poster
coming Rafic scream what hey my grandpa
turn comes with this poster okay great
does everybody can know I've got us buff
looking dude on my wall because of my
video card livid liquid is saying plug
the power into the video card before you
plug the card into I don't know I knew
I'm going to I don't want to
I got a modular power supply here I
gotta find the right cord fishing okay
do it
and I'm just kind of cleaning up so I
can find the shit easy I got books I got
ads I got disks that's great I got so
much shit you got shit for days I guess
we all do that's true it's true we got
that was a poop joke you know what I
think each each point it is its own
unique places you know every think it
has its own yeah we um they all have
their own unique charm okay I love all
plinkus equally except for animated play
here which I don't much care for but
that is not that's not an uncommon
reaction right telegin it be more
specific with your question telegin is
asking for camcorder recommendations for
first of all I don't think they're
called camcorders secondly what will you
be using it for film the stuff obviously
well but I mean for one that's the real
question
an adapter I think usually when people
ask me for recommendations unlike for
like filming stuff in there they're just
getting into it I always tell them the
same thing use your phone that's not a
joke no sure I mean yeah your cell phone
has a better video camera on it than any
of us hands down that's true
um stick figs thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it so yeah if
you're just getting started out yeah if
you're just starting out like everything
you make is going to suck yeah so don't
invest a lot of money in something nice
when you're starting out yes learn what
you're doing first and upgrade gear as
you get better
absolutely seems to be the best thing
you can do absolutely just I don't know
what kind of pores is power
Oh Neil nope opera I caught it this time
oh you know this is string sextant
number two Oh in g-baby yeah I think
like you know like especially if you're
doing stuff like sketch comedy or making
dumb Internet videos use your phone sure
use your phone edit it in it whatever
free editing software yeah figure out
whether you like it before you spend
money on it octo James these are the
chords I want right I'm just
double-checking everything cuz I don't
want to fuck up oh and AK door
interrupted thank you for subscribing we
appreciate it
nd Oh someone is that going to click the
mouse Rach
oh that's a shame my ninjas discussion
you can use old SLR lenses for DSLRs you
just need to make sure you have the
proper adapter but like usually like any
old Panasonic camera will work with new
digital Panasonic dr. Jason yes but I
have some Canon lenses that
my Panasonic deals alarms I had to get
the adapter yeah but you can find
adapters for incredibly cheap on eBay or
anywhere oh sure but if you use and
non-digital lens on your digital camera
you won't and this should be obvious
River you won't get it get any of the
automated functions like you've got a
little focus you won't get zoom function
facial recognition which is fun
and that is right
but now they're saying 20 minutes later
on today is gonna say no use different
Cooper does he might he might I didn't
go talk about student comes and whatnot
and livid liquid is saying oh and you
got to get a shot from inside the fridge
your movie has to start with someone
waking up to an alarm clock absolutely
and then they go over the kitchen and
they in the of the shot from inside the
fridge if that's how you have to start
your film well or I'll brought it just
from inside anything everybody at one
point has done that yeah put your camera
in the oven in the fridge in the trunk
yep something has opened and you thought
it was really cool that you thought to
put your camera inside yes are you
required to in your student film black
got the blanket of gotcha yeah either
cuts a black and a gunshot orbs Oliver
that is it to run up both can you do
both no cuz if you cut the black and a
gunshot you can't follow that up with it
was on a dream
well wake up from a dream then cut to
black gunshot or vice versa cut to black
gunshot credits post credits wake up it
was oh no that crazy talk
no post credits this isn't a Marvel
movie this is an art film
they all got him now maybe the student
films are trying to emulate Marvel
movies now
oh god maybe maybe maybe you know it's
been a while since we've been in our
school new there's just a whole batch of
student films yeah
they haven't after the credits sequence
nobody makes experimental films anymore
everybody just tries to make Marvel
movies like it
yes an interesting question
they said they were thinking about
getting a daddy okay did you find it
hard to get it um this will be a tough
question for us Oh God because when we
were editing first we tape the tape yeah
yeah let's think I started editing out
of one camcorder into a VCR yeah through
but out of one camcorder into a sound
mixer out of the sound mixer into the
VCR so yeah I learned to edit that way
which is the most frustrating horrible
thing ever so when I finally started
using nonlinear it was the most amazing
thing and I loved everything about it so
it wasn't like frustrating to me at all
um as far as like learning the specifics
of how to use it I don't really remember
hmm I just know I was excited that I was
not getting rainbow edits because I was
not pausing the VCR finding my shot
I don't wanna sure so I I don't remember
yeah and I want to say my first editing
experience was on one of the earlier
final cuts yeah we had it we had to go
to my school and we had like a little AV
clapping school and I found that to be
incredibly frustrating because so many
technical problem yeah but yeah my first
nonlinear was premiere oh really and I
know I learned it pretty quick I learned
it on my own I didn't like ask people or
like someone showed me how to use this I
just learned from doing which I always
think is the best way absolutely um but
I don't remember how long it took to
learn it's I get I think to answer your
question the answer is yes it's hard to
get into that's why not many people do
it um yes the matter of getting the hang
of it finding your groove whatever the
the real thing you need to do is make
something yes and then you'll know
whether you like it or not I will say I
tried to use once a couple years ago
I was visiting home from that thing for
Christmas or Easter or something and my
younger brother was trying to show me
how to use Windows Movie Maker and it
was so simple that I could not wrap my
brain around it I could not I could not
figure out how to use it because it was
too simple yeah so I don't know if
that's like I can't even say like maybe
start with one of the you know free ones
and learn how to use that and then work
out like I don't even know because I
could not bring my brain around Windows
Movie Maker but nothing about any system
after having edited on professional
editing software for years that's always
something that we toyed with in the in
the early Funny or Die days is we would
always talk about like making a free
movie yeah
like using cell phones editing in like
I'm moving share exporting that way and
like how much could you make doing it
for free
yeah not paying for anything including
editing software lights microphones
right right it never got around because
we're all used to the goods because cuz
why I do that right laughter yeah
that's a good I wonder what it would be
like to edit something like but here but
also here's the real thing because of
I'm gonna pimp my editing software of
choice which is premier and the Adobe
suite because the Adobe suite has
Creative Cloud now you can get premiere
After Effects Photoshop Prelude audio
editing software for like 50 bucks for
one month yeah put down 50 bucks get it
all that's the professional stuff you
could use it all and if you don't like
it that's only 50 bucks gone yeah that's
true and if you do like it another 50
bucks for the next month and hope you
can hurt a 50 bucks somehow
make make a make a corporate video for
it you can earn 50 bucks by you and make
your video you edit your video and you
sell your video to youtube you sell to
you sell it to youtube and then you make
your 50 bucks for the next month
absolutely okay what so now I think you
need to make something on cell phones
using I mean I for the longest time
because we have a couple VHS camcorders
here the longest time I've been thinking
about the idea of shooting an on VHS and
editing VCR to VCR that used to do
because I became an expert like because
there's always that delay when you have
like your recording and you pause it
pause the record to find your next shot
or whatever done when you unpause it
there's a couple second delay before it
starts recording so you've got to get
that down and I got really really good
at it so I'm sorry to miss this I am
nostalgic nostalgic for because I grew
up with it I definitely don't miss it um
but I would be curious as an exercise to
go back and try and do something like
that again yeah I don't know if I ever
will who knows
oonh you know who knows the shadow I've
thought about the idea of just shooting
even if I wouldn't edit it that way I
probably wouldn't but shooting something
a short film or something on VHS sure
and making it look like because I have a
fondness for the the awkward period of
direct video movies when people were
shooting on video like the shot on video
direct-to-video movies there's some good
ones out there but it has a completely
different look to it the you know a
traditional even direct-to-video movie
shot on film like all the phones and
stuff was shot on film oh there's some
stuff that we shot a video and it's so
bizarre like well I mean I recreate that
look now it's it's as easy as like no
shooting on video and then you can just
you know import the footage yes editor
happen point with AHS yeah
yeah it's it's very different now and I
mean I remember I remember those early
days of finally I want to say I've
started editing on Final Cut for real
okay is what we had and there were so
many technical problems with importing
footage from DV tapes oh yeah that the
audio in the video would get out of sync
every single time no matter no matter
what you did and so then every five
seconds you'd have to splice the audio
only and move it over three four hours I
can splice the audio only movement I
never I never went through that
experience that sounds horrible
yeah well it was incredibly frustrating
but I mean that's how you learned that
sim and if you can make it over that
learning curve then you just keep going
yeah you start with the worst case
scenario as far as what your setup is or
how your editing then you slowly work
your way up you're here right Jack's
life story is just technical
difficulties starting with that failed
condom this is Jay I want to say that
you didn't care about film school
because of experimentalism being over
talk
what kind of teachings were they doing
uh they weren't teaching anything
technical that was my problem yeah my
guy actually at the time I wasn't as
open-minded about experimental film
there was some stuff I liked but now I'm
more open to it but I wanted to learn
the nuts and bolts of film make sure
that's what I went there for but it was
all just like express yourself and you
know it wasn't anything that was helpful
nothing helpful as far as like you know
editing or or shot composition or it was
so loose
I hated it is that because it's a sham
yes if I gone to school like Columbia
Chicago I i definitely were stuck with
it because that's all about the
technical aspects you know the
filmmaking right express yourself
film what's in your heart how do I film
it how do I load the film into the
camera to shoot what's in my heart
but what be those things no no no if
it's strong enough in your heart the
other stuff will just happen you went to
the special snowflake school yes yeah
yeah yeah that happens sometimes I don't
know what the department is like now but
time yeah it was incredibly frustrating
a little bit ago your hardest filming I
shouldn't tell um sorry I I can tell you
that it's probably very similar okay
yeah yeah I knew I never went to film
school and so I just started making
stuff yeah so yeah I learned so much
more after leaving film school when it
was just shooting things all the time
absolutely I learned so much more from
that from that yeah there's like a four
year period where it was like I was
making and not just shorts cuz everybody
makes shorts try and make a feature it
may not turn out good it won't turn out
it won't turn out good there's a reason
you don't see any of my old features
anywhere on the Internet are not good
but they were great experiences they're
great learning experiences that was my
film school it was just making stuff
non-stop for like four years do me
something I have to do someone do
anything what do you do
they only gave me three SAT a corpse
I've got some old ones out there the red
they're red yeah just just grab them
wait am i jack they're in this box all
right we're in the box I'm in the box
goblin for my room pure Brown another
thing now they're gonna have to find
your old features this was pre-internet
people you can't yeah you don't want to
see them trust me you don't want to and
you probably can no he can't
they're not anywhere there was a time
before the Internet yeah when everything
wasn't available to everyone all the
time
yes it was a strange time it was a dark
time the only film from that era that
has seen any sort of release is gorilla
interruptive yeah because that one still
has terms in an odd way and it has an
interesting backstory but everything
else yeah these experiences of his
learning experiences that's all it needs
to be yep you must do and when you do
you'll fail yes then you must fail to
learn and then hopefully you fail up yes
yeah that's the that's the idea yeah
nail upwards hmm
oh I have a I have an important answer
to this question someone is saying Jack
how old do you think the average age of
this chat is now the answer is I don't
care also I think I think young I guess
I think you shoe I'm gonna guess it
varies quite a bit it's probably fair
varies quite a bit but I mean I just
assume everyone's younger than the a - I
guess is that I'm gonna say 20 - sure no
now we're just gonna started I shouldn't
have said that because now it's just
gonna be like an age sex location it
really doesn't matter they will get
there they don't know what it was
there you are assuming you know what age
they are getting rich because you know
what it doesn't matter mister glitch
thank you for subscribing we appreciate
everything is hooked up oh yeah
hooked up incuse yeah it varies widely
they're all saying they're all same very
you know I don't know I guess they're
all lying they're 15 usually I ask where
people are here there's one 65 year old
guy who's skewing the numbers up 15 yeah
yeah yeah we just take your god things
tiny what
oh so it's over oh no this one same time
and see if they start and that's really
the this is this is it so you build it
and then it's just built and then that's
it well then you get to use it what do
you want Jay I want a grand finale
fireworks you want too much I do
tella god no I don't I've never heard of
being nostalgic chick so the answer is
no I've never watched her I can only
assume that's related to the nostalgia
critic I've heard of that one I've never
been enough but I've heard of that yes
check the earth there are what the
stings oh we had a music I don't I don't
I have him I didn't I didn't sit out of
her anything that's genetics that might
have been fine I'm an entertainment
why couldn't you entertain these people
jack you could have but you be good
that's the real
money for hack fraud says if I was 15 I
wouldn't be watching this
not enough nudity yeah yeah you're
absolutely right any so maybe they're
not teenagers I assume everyone's
teenager because teenagers are probably
watching porn right yeah oh yes she has
received credit
yeah so I think we've said this before
we operate in a bubble you gotta pay
attention to what anybody else online is
doing you know a few people here and
there that I just enjoy watching but
yeah I'm not we're not I listen to some
podcasts
I've seen some james rolfe stuff okay
that's about it yeah yeah yeah there's a
couple shows I like to watch regularly
often I don't have time
yeah but I'm not like I'm not invested
in the mic be movie world there the
whole be movie world thing happening
with other groups and online
personalities I feel be moving world I
think are just internet reviewers
anything about yeah Internet reviewers
about bad movies uh yeah if that's a
thing
now it's not so much b-movies it's like
the nostalgia critic it's like I'm the
gimmick is I'm really angry about this
movie that's 20 years old yeah and
that's the thing yeah so I don't know
that's not really quite I don't know I
don't watch any of that stuff yeah not
my thing
I like podcasts I just listening to
people casually talk about what I'm
interested rich and I were talking about
that earlier the NPR format yeah
2news talking juice when ID you got to
work Jam banker oh we're fuck now you
didn't break in everything's broken on
this broke everything broke guys
everything broke try and make things fit
um okay
six five four one two three four five
one seven thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated
yeah I've heard that from a lot of
people that they use this that they
don't watch the videos from from these
two extremes they just listen to it okay
yeah it's around this background noise
sure yeah I understand that oh by the
way you're right RIT Car Talk did you
ever listen to cars on her talk NPR show
took a clay I can clack the tappet
brothers this is it was it was a great
weekly NPR show just two mechanics
talking about cars and people would call
in with their car problems and they went
up they've never been terribly
interested in cars so I'm comfortable
she wasn't just interested he didn't
even have to be interested in cars oh
really yeah okay yeah it was it was fit
it was just two men who knew everything
about cars imaginable okay and uh one of
them just recently passed away they just
stopped doing a show like six months ago
oh yeah so that show was his reason for
living
yeah oh wait this thing they're saying
rich don't close the case just yet yeah
if something is wrong
yeah you're gonna hate opening it up all
over this looks pretty easy to get off
actually okay um I'm gonna put this on
I'm gonna make assumptions you do it
yeah radio lab is great anything a lot
of NPR is great radio lab This American
Life the Godfather of all podcasts
everybody everybody listen to this
American life is like I can do that yeah
I could talk
how do you know it's working or not I'm
not hooked up to a monitor I can just
plug in the HDMI cable TV stuff work
magic mostly I know you need an HDMI Kim
I am outlet ah there's another where's
the octopus the act most everything is
plugged in the center of the octopus
where all the legs mean oh yeah oh I'm
gonna stick this cord right between its
legs so what you're telling that's what
um okay uh okay mouth Shiki worked
this music is really hold on I need to
disconnect I can't change the music now
because I need to disconnect my mouse
and keyboard to give to rich wait yeah
okay hold on hold on Oh things are
happening I can't stop the church music
I'm very sorry oh my god everything's
broken keyboard this is exciting people
okay okay
quit I want to angle it in front of the
camera I was doing a video thing I
wanted to dangle in front of the camera
okay okay here we go oh wait are you
about to turn it on yeah oh my god
this this is a big moment everybody rich
is about to turn it on turn TV on TV on
click click her in it up Oh your mother
yeah just turn oh look look
oh I missed the Sabzian oh I'm so sorry
hold on some going back cts radio show
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it I'm sorry that I missed
you we were working okay all right wait
this isn't doing it oh my god oh my god
oh my god
praise be to the holy geez you want me
to plug this into the TVs that plug in
yes that is plugged in to I guess it's
not showing up on the source because
it's not getting power oh wait no it
needs to be an HDMI one switch your
inputs switch your inputs man it's same
apparent oh yeah it's down there no cuz
it's not sending a signal up okay okay
we're not sending a signal yet people
this is the thing where's classical
music to keep these people entertained
yeah well you're getting a lovely piano
content though number 17 that's great
yeah that's great success oh very well
oh my god
oh they can see J in the reflection J's
horrible face smooth the camera no way
no one needs to see anything all right
Aaron want to see that worked and this
kind of a whole fish like a sham yeah I
guess it's working yay go it's working
all right J is working J is working so
you're right I'm working very hard right
now so to me you want to play like a
game and whatnot I'm going to fuck
around with BIOS installing the
operating system later I don't know cuz
this took a long time that can we play
Rambo last blood sure okay
can I blow a rainbow less blood oh wait
we might not I mean we need a mouse and
a keyboard we add nitrous cars I mean I
can do this look
you did it octo J you helped rich thank
you
well let's see okay we'll see if the
computer melts now oh my god we yeah
we're gonna play we're gonna play Rambo
has to do it I want to do it and then
maybe the perfect strangers game oh well
there we go
I don't play that in a long time we're
gonna play weird browser games and then
everyone will I have the perfect
strangers theme stuck in their head for
the next week there you go
okay so um first thing we're going to do
is uh oh
rich can I have my mouse back oh yeah or
else I put this up of the side panel on
fucked up song if I don't get the mouse
back we can never stop the scream oh oh
yeah that's a real thing people will be
here for that people will be here if you
want another mouse and keyboard to keep
doing stuff rich we have more I wanted
this at home Oh
I want to sit down and play you again
okay that's why I want you okay rich
congratulate thanks thank you everybody
for helping me get this magic computer
yes and we will show you its capability
soon I am sure that is really true so
I'm going to turn off the cup thank you
I'm going to turn off the camera now
keep the classical music going just cuz
why not listen to some music take a
break run a commercial we'll be back in a bit

[Part III]
guys we're gonna play rainbow last one
more important how many people the chat
have actually heard of this I don't know
let us know if you if you know what this
is apparently this is a game that I told
Jay about a long time ago and I don't
remember you didn't tell me about it you
posted it on Facebook okay back when you
still let a Facebook account right and
back when I had a Facebook account but
you have no memory I have no there's no
absolutely no evidence that this ever
happened right right right but Jay
really wants to play a Rambo a lot I
wanted to play it again it's fun also
before we get going again Richard Edlund
45th Richard Edlund 45th son we saw your
face cut poster oh yeah it's great
so very good for that um whose just that
oh that's mine you can don't think that
poems are some no exaggeration you Pro
that's a very important part of the game
being able to hear hey sup solidus 5
make thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it ok ok we go guys it
did people say like have they heard this
before um back with Facebook it's a
little known ramble game this is a
really great ok all right um no they're
not saying okay maybe nobody's hurt okay
Google Rambo last blood it's great all
right here we go I love that image right
there the whole thing the whole thing is
great
it's been no no that's that's the first
level okay stream is updated to ramble
last blood with Rambo s1 welcome John
Rambo you are dead this is a mighty war
here you are eligible for membership and
there's plenty of Lobster and wipes for
everyone you must make amends with the
ghosts of those you have slain perhaps
with a mighty hug soaps the souls you
make peace with we'll join you for
lobster vests the rest will go somewhere
else
okay probably he'll uh this is so great
it is a joke game though or like once
you've done it yeah it's like I get it
anything but I think people already
knows is a joke yeah okay so there's my
guy I'm gonna hug him rip off my shirt
fuck nice I love his cheek turns red yes
whoo Rambo yes watch grandma blushes
when he hugs I just love his a tiny
stick like oh here he comes
mmm but look up he ignores me when I
look at him so you gotta look away but
you also want to make sure you're near
when he lands listen listen choir so
much skill ha oh good you can know yeah
there's cheeks
yeah you can't miss them you can miss
the hug yeah I mean you just don't get
him and then he just goes to hell
apparently oh that's great Jay yes um
the guy who made the poster is actually
Ireland's good friend Mark Smith oh okay
creator of space cop 64 yeah okay it's
cool
he made the poster
all right oh and by the way no this is
not on Rich's new computer this is on
Jack's old washed-up dual booted
computer yeah I got it I love the blush
I just love look at his tiny stick legs
yeah that's exactly how you make a good
rental yes absolutely
okay so which one of these looks like oh
yeah we got Robocop
Jesse Ventura Viggo I don't know what
that one is what see no one there what
is that I don't know oh well whatever it
is very obvious which one is the
commando oh oh maybe is it Full Metal
Jacket maybe oh that's him
fuck him hug hug nice L Hawkeye wants to
as a good question so why are we
watching a big people hug because this
game is awesome yeah this is my favorite
section of the game okay are they
hearing audio yeah they're hearing again
so there's there's a pottery wheel and a
stereo oh that's the song from Rambo
okay what else do we got here stand by
me uh-huh
and then we got the song for ghosts Oh
what if there's more let me keep playing
oh there is there's more songs what's
the next one
cuz this well this is blue velvet okay
nothing okay so blue Velvets the last
one okay so we won we want some ghosts
whatever that's called Unchained Melody
oh there is yeah waves on his way up
yeah oh this is the Ghostbusters one we
have to look up the number again ask the
chat if they know the ghost bus okay
yeah the 555 number in ghostbusters for
the Ghostbusters headquarters what what
is the the last four digits like a and I
just turned up the game audio for anyone
interested in case oh oh oh no sorry I
clicked away from it
oh no you go okay right
is this what people are seeing though
this is very important there we go okay
there we go all right
that kinda so so what are the what are
the four digits chat 2 3 6 8 2 3 6 8 up
to 3 is 8
okay oh no they ruined it with a game
net ah good his arms are the funniest
though it comes straight out there like
tubes as the driving dad yes or no not
since Azam I know tube says just behind
the wheel the car to get him another
fake animal oh you missed one Jay oh I
did no I did there's the age nut lit up
did that last time is it - and I had the
L and the yes
oh that you know what I bet there's a
secret it's a secret one oh yes there's
one I saw it like there's a puzzle that
you just walked past and nothing
happened yeah okay maybe there's one
there okay now I'm thinking of the the
you think of Tralee and so yes yes
that's what I'm thinking of yo
Oh Barry are in Valhalla with the UH the
Red Lobster side
oh yeah look and there's a space missing
uh-huh okay so there's a missing one
somewhere hmm
do you want to play again fight it maybe
another whole game but I'll go to that
one screen where there's not there if
people don't mind watching this again
yeah see make a space bar J oh I can
shoot you do shoot I should I show us
gonna shoot the bus the bus
yeah now stop the bus the gun anymore
no you did
I wonder cuz yeah you go to that screen
where there's no guy like nothing
happens there must be some sort of trick
to it I wonder if there's a secret
ending getting them all come true ending
like if you get yeah they were now we
got to sit through this again that's
okay you can do it oh no that's my
favorite part the nice noise this is the
one with the guy that floats down right
yeah there is okay don't look at him
ready look at why look at that oh yeah
he's shy he puts his hands off his eyes
just like a boom not a boo
like from The Simpsons sure enough an
Arg and then he comes back with a
t-shirt why does he tell the need to rip
his shirt off before though this is a
manly house it's epic
sure okay oh no this is the one with the
UH pick one yeah okay I gotta paint into
here
which is Japanese the middle that's
right you did it
did you do it nice noise okay I think
the next screen is the one where nothing
happens okay I bet it's something in the
water
yeah item can you look down you can't
you can't do anything but luck okay your
reflection oh oh oh here we go yeah
secret hug alright well now we gotta
continue right yeah you have to I know
the rest of them no oh you're right it's
a poo not a boom for what absolute sense
of course it's a fool poop
did you say a boy I said Abu Abu is the
monkey from Aladdin yes and Abu is a
ghost in Mario Oh like a boo eh boo um I
I got confused mostly they don't look so
I cannot tell you the last ever episode
of Cynthia wet monkey might be a clue to
you might get I don't know right
I don't know Oh sir can pee you're late
you're you're late motherfucker I
already built the computer okay I need
the Ghostbusters number again oh let's
grow up two three six eight two three
six eight okay what do people think of
this for the comments a mix of confusion
and excitement as any good art should be
okay
well I know I can do this one this one's
easy sure
ah you can't miss the hug if you don't
hit the spacebar at the right time he'll
back off yeah I didn't know at first I
didn't know I was supposed to do
anything yeah okay okay oh we should
have all them now yes yes we got all of
them let's see if anything different
happens uh you rip your shirt off did
you do that before
I probably I don't think so oh really
yeah by the way I'm Mario Mario yes this
is a speed room all right so we get
something different here oh is this like
is that old rainbows it's like a 2001
this is dad no grandpa I think it's like
a 2001 thing where he seen himself as an
altar
oh yeah
there's a baby rainbow that's it oh crap
2001 reference hey you did a J now the
question is do we need one more time and
see what happens if we don't hug any of
them we can okay we can the answer is
yes all right let's do it
show oh god oh my god what's happening
over there okay I played doctor Mario
god this is Rambo last blood it's a
gimmick joke game I've been I play twice
now but now I've seen what happens he
dies area fire boss he goes heaven and
he has to hog all the people he killed
you know what am i that bad well
drinking wine yeah uh that Malbec which
Malbec there's only one ball bag yeah we
can get more Malbec
when did he open there's only one ball
back that's the one I opened up all
right I'm not gonna hug any of these
people yeah show them what it's like to
miss a hug okay
so I'm not gonna here we go yeah I'm not
gonna hug him miss it no no no I missed
oh oh oh he comes back I missed him oh
no kids like sigh okay the lineup so
high I can't even reach it so I missed
that guy I'm gonna miss this guy you
want some bye
I think of to go to hell yeah they're
going to hell now because I'm not
hugging them I'm not gonna hug you know
don't hog a yellow it's a ramble cake is
a sweet new computer you got I'll put
together yeah oh yeah so you're supposed
to have even work you're supposed to hug
those people you killed work first thing
it was run out it won't let me
is this a result of your Darth Vader oh
no it froze oh I gotta pick somebody
I'll just pick this guy up so I think
the wrong guy because uh if you do then
you get to go to the lobster fest in
heaven in heaven in Valhalla we're gonna
see what happens if you don't hug anyone
yeah oh yeah I've hugged all of them Oh
hug hug Viggo oh it doesn't even like
okay can you just walk faster do you
have to miss I think you have to miss
him sure so I'll miss him again yeah Oh
miss him although actually when I failed
them I didn't go to lobster fest well
you got a personal lobster fest okay
okay just walk past this one hey Scheck
shekels for frogs thank you for
subscribing we appreciate it
alright I'll hit the wrong number for
frogs that's his screen name I bet you
know I bet something funny happens if
you put another famous five by five
number I'm just looking awesome oh this
is gonna be the hardest one no use the
hook the next generation of zoom before
I never looked at it up close before
it's not even is now is old yeah
there's new there's new hotter better
the h6 you can individually control okay
XLR channel here we go really hi anybody
record into their own individual audio
file does this have XLR inputs yeah two
on the back their XLR and quarter-inch
oh oh it's like a combination yeah Oh
neat and so but the other in them it
records two inputs to one audio file the
H the h6n records for audio tracks as
four separate audio files super hot
oh I'm just at the table by myself as I
was hoping for something more exciting
but they're different music there's no
music no it's just dead silence now I
guess that's it who is sir gimpy sir
gimpy was our very first moderator and
he's still our moderator but he is our
first moderator so he I often refer to
him as our one and only moderator even
though it's completely false in this one
yeah oh man it doesn't leave the screen
no doctor you get out that's a fail
again that's not as exciting as I was
hoping for but that's okay um alright
perfect strangers okay should we do the
perfect hole hold on everybody we're
gonna now play the perfect stranger game
okay I'll do one run of that and then if
you guys want to okay how's that song I
have you ever played it of course I
played out I want to say no I linked you
to that one as well possibly I know all
the reason okay type it in the Google's
nothing's gonna stop me now calm okay
hold on now we have to readjust oh no
where is it try some no where's babe our
oh oh yeah okay there oh oh no it's
gonna start oh wait you have to type
something in first so it's okay okay
yeah now this is kind of adjusted a
little bit here oh it's loading use my
mouse pretty excited ever seen this what
is it it's the perfect strangers game
wait I have an idea I played this I've
won it before you fly you fly and fly
yeah
listen we'll talk about playing don't
shit your pants what does that is that a
game that is a game people have
mentioned it before there's a game
called don't shoot your pants and
apparently you have to not show your
pants like in real life well you're easy
I play that game every day and I always
win wait until you become grandpa Jay
no don't it'd be so easy oh god that's
that's crazy I'm saying are you right oh
yeah hold on adjusting higher that's
pretty good
no oh what happened oh no stupid windows
it goes big automatically ah there
that's that's good enough okay don't
stop me no okay I know these Trojans
that's not the perfect strangers team so
I'm less Queen huh that's not the
perfect strangers theme so I know I just
know I had first oh we have to enter a
dream what's our dream Oh
what is our dream Jay to be a pony you
know you're chasing your dream this is
more important than something weird and
make it in the big city the city
Bartholomew's okay be successful in the
big city wait exclamation oh you can't
do that
oh all right so our dreams be successful
in a big city and nothing's gonna stop
me now that's true yes and we are all of
these games are in browser names yes
yeah okay here we go this intro you
gotta get all the stars you wrote over
the Sheep - the Sheep can anyone
remember we're about people are talking
us is from me post don't know why yes it
just said a really good fiction how did
it yeah I I knew that anyway okay the
fictional family now when he gets to the
chorus that's when he starts line yeah
here he comes
yeah oh no I got this one
shit I miss - okay I'm doing I only
missed one which means it in completely
nothing's gonna stop I missed I missed
one star that great thing so it is a
great theme song remember when new TV
shows had theme songs did you get your
dream I missed one so probably not
completely I think you have to get all
the stars
this is showing how many I got om has
two stars damn it
I miss to you may hardly miss to so save
another trike to get all this art it
usually it says up fuck Oh someone just
subscribed okay I did it well enough to
do the dance of joy oh that's good
for bill hunt thank you for subscribing
then you then you accomplished your
dream if you don't well I'm ninety six
percent so it's spelt wrong to be
successful in the big sittin OH
it spells it right it smells it wrong so
I didn't quite accomplish the goal but
ninety six percent is pretty good that's
good yeah I think you can do better
do you want me to go again or someone
else wanna try and do it again you
should do it again want to update the
string just know I just did writing this
variable just do better just do this
oops oh no we're playing it right now
beat red letter media that was someone
else's dream okay here we go again
okay we're still trying to be successful
in the big city you know it certain you
might be right friends friends did ruin
the theme song but yeah I would agree
with it but also that wasn't really a
few song that was an already existing
song I wasn't yeah so they didn't make
that song just for friends
are they good Susan well that yeah they
either practice the last notable one
with the theme song oh yeah I mean
nothing is always the big it was he
doing okay this is a part when I fuck up
when I'm flying okay successful anything
CG
yeah I got this shit
Oh again I missed one Oh keep fuckin oh
I missed one yeah
I take back my clapping there's almost
there I know just this one I missed one
oh that's upsetting damn it there's no
one yeah so what do you give you pride
of the dance I just look at the dance of
joy I'm sure okay see a better tree we
need a better dream no we do the dance
of joy
oh this is what passed were acceptable
entertainment in the late eighties early
nineties okay there I'm subscribing
because you're doing so bad and
nothing's gonna stop me now
okay so ninety-eight percent to be
successful in she big city ah that's
pretty good it's very good alright if
you undo it one more try
I'll do it one more try my favorite
you gotta accomplish your dream yeah I
can't quit now nothing's gonna stop me
now you know okay well there build a
better PC than rich what someone else's
dream haha that's a fun drink Oh someone
who got 0% wants to fuck the pain away
okay and I don't think someone who got
0% wants to watch Mike play doctor Mario
oh yeah you guys are very good at
chasing your dreams now
so sick of this theme song by now I'm
sure or they want to hear it again on
repeat I do it's a great theme song it
isn't 100% every single person will
unsubscribe okay say oh my god that's
what they're saying that's a lot of
pressure that I don't care about
everything rides on using
there's Becky's girl run
day they're emotionally invested now
they should be I have to chase my dream
sir - what the fuck I think I did it
blue oh please blue wings 23 thank you
for subscribing
even though Jacobs fucking help no I did
it you guys did it not I've been pretty
sure I chased my dream mm-hmm well you
know Jay chases dream because you
subscribe that's right 23 thank you very
much it's all because of you that I've
made it this far thanks everybody
oh thanks for the moral support here it
is Oh gonna happen what's going to
happen - we're just gonna do the dance
of joy again what we did it I know why
they should give you something different
you get dance of joy should really be
reserved for waking if you make a dream
yeah 100%
cousin you did it your perseverance has
paid off yeah you did it
all right um does anyone else want to
chase their dream if you don't get it
does it tell you how how did he say
ridiculous don't be is don't be
ridiculous
that was his kursi ridiculous yeah yeah
yeah he didn't say the word ridiculous
weird he just said I was as catchphrases
don't be ridiculous okay do you look
into don't you your pants ah
I leave that up T's I write are you Fred
front fractions isn't bad either
I've seen people recommend that their
front freshest I I'm giving richest
skeptical look all right you could take
over then I would geez isolate my game
here Rick you notice you should I should
yes it's time to retire ice later retire
I played before you played it before
okay rich is watching the job oh god oh
my god let's have some something Fred
there's ghosts ghosts this place is full
of ghosts and goblins frog of fractions
front fractions frog boy factions or
fraction structures it's like a man
teaches you fractions with front already
uninterested
oh it's it's

[Part IV]
I think so yes yes okay hold on people
come here rich
hi let me change the yeah you should
plug that everything else in a row
views
hi guys we're gonna play some frog
fractions in just a second there I love
that machination know what magnet action
isn't that great yeah that's a beautiful
the MacBook magnet power supply thingy
this is what you wanted people or you
didn't
okay play five fractions okay cool how
do you play can I eat the fruit why is
the fruit falling surprised eventually
knock you know it ripens that's right
take a break it's official I haven't
played this well I think you move back
and forth grade I think that's an
upgrade lock on targeting available this
iPhone Seoul Auto track and cut helps
you keep it going red listed by MCA what
is this it's a game trust me it's good
okay this is good sure I won't lock on
targeting now I can't move anywhere okay
that's probably why I never think about
the words front friction what we have a
white right voice what
okay static cling tongue too expensive
cybernetic brain anything irregular I'm
bringing you this new fangled cybernetic
from a brain can do better
cut eight assortments you have 1313 what
I want a turtle friend oh okay now oh
hey now I can okay now you can catch the
privilege great this rich this is a baby
game
no it's transmits great oh my applying
this this is great
what have a I like highlighted something
what the fuck rich this is my fractions
well I get that so let her catch the
fruit balls
I'm trying I don't look very fast why
are we playing this cuz we're flying it
this seems like a weird game to play
okay now we have thirteen sort myths I
can have a cybernetic brain I guess I
can get a cybernetic brain hi why why
why is this a cosmic joke no no it's not
a cosmic joke is this okay this is a
joke a teacher actions no they're not
yes they are they're saying fractions
oh-oh-oh
cuz I got fruit so I can use yeah yeah
you can collect for a good buy things
over oh great uninstall lock-on
targeting what
what everyone's saying
just keep playing okay okay want to see
for infractions they've been begging to
see this game since we started wait oh
wait oh I have to tighten now what okay
jesus H Christ so I'm - what is that why
am i typing now I was Jesus Christ
upgrade your fruit - durians they smell
awful so bugs will take longer oh that
seems like a good oh oh wait
dragon upgrade your turtle friend to a
dragon friend Abel of his new Dragon
wait but I can't move anymore cuz I'm
typing well then that says a growler
station drain it's pretty good
Johnny's pretty good thanks premium okay
I got a dragon oh I can move again Oh
what the fuck
it's a bullet hello what the fuck indeed
fuck is this it's from friction yeah you
keep saying that you might ask me more
listen I keep telling you what it is
that does not do a good job of answering
my question of why game game game make
fun game make fun also the music's gaem
might turn me insane warp drive
it's it'll cost twenty-five thousand
fruit hey now
so I guess we need that right you you
can you can upgrade as you think you
should I don't want to I don't want to
uninstall lock-on targeting that seems
to work really well so I'll make all the
fruits durian fruits and we mentioned
that all of these sound effects I'm just
a guy going oh that's why I want on
install it I got target this will broke
sometimes
I don't know about this I don't get this
rich I don't understand why we're
playing a baby game this is a fun baby
game let's go what price oh shit I have
to tape again what
oh hey good an AK its own store hey what
am i Sunstone that's why I saw you think
oh yeah yes you for that work drive yet
no I only have nine fruit but wait this
gives me lock on targeting again I sure
do miss Lee
I don't know rich oh well back on the
dragon back on the dragon dragon going a
little bit lower on the screen if you're
having trouble dodging oh my god did you
just give me the secret I tried it's
more fun if you discover in your own
okay now I have like a billion so I
guess I have to go back up now
I would have just been I would kept
playing this right I know I know
so I think the chat must be really mad
at you know for ruining no they kept
telling me to tell you they were getting
impatient oh okay I gotta follow white
mr. president can you go and get it is
it down here no I have an indignity
meter before that work drive I can also
uninstall I can tell you watch it yes I
went out and saw lights all right
just because I want I want to I want to
see if I can reinstall it again I want
to see like how long oh yeah oh oh no I
got one too indignity how embellish it
love it
how embarrassing No
okay so now I have to choose the work
right
there is an install thing though
what is that a Christmas tree talking to
me rich yes
what is this magic it's complete madness
oh my god wait do I have to eat the
fruit yes we have like a billion all
right sorry it's fun I don't never have
to worry about that oh my god that's a
burger doctor to me makes America great
do a barrel roll
I can't there can i ha mein dignity I
already know what I kind of want that
like I'm targeting again yeah you should
have kept it sugar captain
so how long does this go
good flying with you
I'm doing as that was an actual Facebook
what watch watch
what because of course I am
okay the soundtrack I even remember what
song trips it sounds like something out
of a mid-90s anime okay
destroy the Khobar what shit with intent
to purloin our delicious space bird how
do we play them hey you told me China we
played you can't playing the king you
got me wrong dude my name is mr. Lee no
choice but to book you he's shot just a
minimum sentence of 20 years under labor
there's a special offer this week I'd be
like to become an emphasis and fun but
Mars
how do you feel about bribes oh you're
right okay I don't have pockets all you
need to do is pass a test on the history
and culture of this fine planet shall we
begin our bug flag has four bug stripes
what do they represent a little bit on
the nose isn't it
you can't blame bug betsy ross for that
one next question on the series baggage
area / what is bug Snooki's favorite
flavor of ice cream I know this one okay
so wrong and it's alright four score and
twenty years ago bug and chief bug
Thomas Jefferson wrote in a declaration
of bugs that we are blessed with which
an alien right the right to bugs
although reserves Ahmed says is the only
right you'll ever need during the War of
1812 general Stonewall block Jackson
held off the nefarious frog Armada
single-handedly how many mecha frogs did
he crush under the wheels of his
Mercedes bugs this is hurting my brain
none he didn't learn to drive stick
until after his divorce whoo what a
nested bus last questions mr. hatten how
do you feel about fractions oh my god oh
my god
if I say I love him he'll know I'm a
frog right now because obviously frogs
love fractions and all right so I can't
say that I love them so I'm gonna say I
was told there'd be no math on this exam
correct no math at all yes I'm the Prez
miss out
no this is the first perfect score our
fake naturalization program has ever
seen we were going to fire you into the
Sun but instead we decided to issue you
a work visa you'll just have to sign
here yeah okay we have to go Twitter
play again
wait hi why am i eating them again oh
I'm on my dragon it's okay bye-bye
it's nice seeing you
rich uh-huh I don't want to play this
anymore
why not this is insanity there's more to
it there oh good
I was worried into your cd-rom drive
what a lock on target oh good oh good
the lock-on targeting is available
looking at me I was oh fuck we're typing
again mr. watch a I'm sure I did yes
onion we install the work driving Club
Marsh we run four bars now we had to go
to book court no your fraud
yeah yeah become a bug naturalized
citizen though
this Jesus Christ I can't tonight
how many Technic to fucking type this
I'm sure I'm missing up here did you
miss the other ones the other one first
after they care what order you do them
in let's want to say oh I was just
spelling it wrong apparently I did so ah
I can't afford it yet oh this is a
well-trained team of marketers ensure
that the public has the correct
impression of you for two thousands or
collects those orchids but I don't have
any sort mints I only have like a
billion fruit what I also ji have
installed and uninstalled lock-on
targeting like can you go down again oh
my god well no I wasn't up my dragon
that time it'll be no thanks oh and now
my my dragon by the way I forgot that I
could go down yeah
did you plea don't shit your pants or
you just been playing this this I were
in the same game of this and it just got
weird it just got weird okay GG's
printing press operator Andre Felipe
boxing was a gentlemen's game night two
men would square off and regale each
other with stories monotonous for days
on end until one of them felt
groan from boredom or exhaustion I see
Jax over the next few years the new
sport developed a respectable following
of a few hundred local socialites well
your dragon now you're riding a dragon
Oh
your frog riding a dragon that has more
pride on Mars
okay under the seat of bookmark this is
an educational game to help teach kids
about fractions
it was Felipe's son Andre Philippe
Philippe who developed what he called
the punching strategy in 1637 him to
fall down these tell me the history of
boxing he was describing what he had had
for breakfast that morning Andre walked
up and thumped him in the neck sending
him down for the count in the parlance
of all time this is utter insanity then
I don't know I don't think it is I can't
stop playing nor should you what was
universally agreed that the boy had
violated the spirit of the game
officials were unable to find any actual
rule that is violating and were forced
to let the victory stand this upset
caused an uproar in the boxing community
large enough to spill over into local
newspapers which drew the interest of
many outsiders to come see what all the
fuss was about the knew early on when
you were killing the flies they would
pop up or like a random fraction
but now I have us riding a dragon I
haven't seen the fraction in a while
okay I found
I'm founder George Richert was
responsible
today's boxing enthusiasts fantasize
about a newcomer that would drop the
ring the way Philippe did classification
of the modern ruleset has essentially
locked the punching strategy into place
but it's easy to get caught up in
fantasy young scholars with big dreams
often enter the ring with their crazy
new trick usually a variant of hypnosis
and though they've achieved the
occasional victory none of the gimmicks
have been robust enough to make it to
the big time to shake but I'm just like
swimming around on the dragon's head in
an ocean on Mars I know well I'm in the
idea that it's a game about fractions
like a joke like that's what it is yeah
yeah it's it's surreal
I realize is that hungry Felipe's
original vision of boxing is still
around gentlemen's boxing clubs can be
found in cities all over the world come
to watch a few hours of a match and then
they have idea here and every once in a
while it seems like he started designing
a game and then like rolled game
mechanics dice and then someone else
wrote the story it's funny
Oh wakefulness nipple ring oh I found a
rocket at the bottom I think in the
ocean of Mars I'll pilot all the sound
effects is a guy with a microphone going
oh that's pretty great is that it
no the rumbling items who have stopped
and you feel the intense downward
pressure let up after a moment you've
calmed down enough to start taking in
your surroundings for the first time
since the seemingly dormant vessel
sprang to life
command module the walls of the circular
room curved to meet up at a point that
must correspond to the curved nose of
the outer hull lining the walls you see
a porthole a glowing display and a
control deck a ladder leads aft if you
don't know how to get started type help
and press Enter
what next you're not playing a text
adventure I'm okay okay you see if it's
inspect things you can do with porthole
through the porthole you can see a
background of stars shifting as the ship
oddly spins what the fuck indeed
austrial prosess Betty thank you for
subscribing is Betty the one we hate
well the last one was Linda osteoporosis
Betty
Linda subscribes and I was
fuck Oh Betty erlan I get them I get
them mixed up I'm just gonna assume
Betty's the fuck up okay
damn you Betty thank you for subscribing
inspect glowing display
help
I just I just ball examine ball or just
X go oh okay X blowing this way hon why
you click X what it says if you want to
examine the ball or just X ball oh but I
clicked X we move about and finally
remember to adventure games next click
click look display click type okay look
at display a glowing green display shows
a map of the galaxy with a destination
you don't recognize marked and an ETA of
about 3000 years looking closer you see
two on-screen buttons labeled route
details and new destination ernõ no
press press button no jack when I played
this yeah I got through the text
adventure legit people are telling me
you can cheat somebody saying tight quit
if you don't want to fuck around with us
hold on ok press Jack wants to play this
that's fine no I'm just saying not
everybody can handle the text adventure
I can understand that yeah ok press new
destination the nav computer dumps you
into an interface so obtrusive one
abstruse so at is that a real word
abstruse probably not Esther's I've
never heard that it's true so it's
probably made up ok um to an interface
that's so abstruse that before you even
consciously process what is happening
you've hit the back button and are at
the main map again Oh what's in this
room around the walls of this circular
room curved to meet up at the point that
must correspond to the curved nose of
the outer hall lining the walls you see
a porthole are going display in a
control deck the ladder leaves aft use a
ladder use wait I don't remember exactly
what to do but no
as a general rule in the adventure game
if you can do something you should the
control deck consists of an array of
switches and a pair of joysticks let's
hope you never need to override the
ship's autopilot because these are
definitely not frog toy sticks okay
take our use liner use lab you'll have
to be more specific as you okay
like climb climb up ladder
this looks like an all-purpose living
area sleeping pad sits next to a
nightstand a ladder leads to the fore
and oriental rug lies at the center of
the aft wall look at rug the decorative
art of oriental rugs it's in the center
of the room looking at it more closely
it doesn't quite lay flat on the floor
there's a significant dip around the
middle
lift up rug rug Oh move drug moving the
rug you discover a recessed hatch blow
it haha your score has gone up by two
fifths of a boy friction Russians you
motherfuckers okay open hatch you have
to work it a bit but after you give the
wheel a few spins the hell oh by the way
we have we updated the stream that we're
playing for ark fractions Oh No quick
this button right here Jesus Christ I'm
so sorry but give me this for a second
yeah Jesus Christ I'm I apologize
everyone we have not been doing our jobs
oh we're playing frog frog fractions is
listed in here oh my god ok ok ok sorry
ok now we're back to it ok
open hatch you have to work it a bit but
after you give the wheel a few spins the
hatch pops open go
down match okay engine room
nearly every surface in this room is
covered with a sticky pink goop which
seems to be thicker near a gray machine
is sitting in the corner a hole in the
wall exposes a nest of wires there is a
hatch leading back to the captains
quarters to the for what next look a
thin coating of sticky pink goop covers
every circus of the roof surface of the
room look at gray machine the machine
consists of a spigot and and a flat
platform a handwritten sheet of paper
has been hastily taped over the base of
the platform breed paper I don't
understand that verb Oh read paper this
is the out of order note included in
your game package oh it sounds so down
oh you are passionate about text
adventure you early you've discovered
something about yourself
I've never this is the first text
adventure I've ever played so you had
will be the last you have to do more
out-of-the-box thinking than you do in
the click I know and I love it
I know and a great look at the great
machine wait can I see the out of order
note read out well okay sure okay
this grand machine this mission gives us
to get handed a flat platform
and at a flat platform can I turn the
spigot it's not clear how to get the
spigot to work okay there's something
else in that room right you look around
the room again share room look around
yeah yeah sure
nearly every surface in this room is
covered with a sticky pink goop which
seems to be thicker near a gray machine
sitting in the corner a hole in the wall
exposes a nest of wires there's a hatch
that's what that's what we're missing
look that hole and wall looking it's
dead all right this is what you get
people I could turn classical music but
I didn't mean I just meant in the actual
game Oh ed silence okay um look at hole
in wall okay look at all okay peering
into the exposed machinery you see what
looks like an empty coffee can that
you're guessing doesn't belong there can
you think okay can't it looks like a
coffee can you can't really make out how
much details are there good take
okay I'll take you yeah you twist the
can and it eventually comes loose but
you've ripped the insulation off of an
adjacent wire and the prop in the
process and it begins sparking as it
comes in contact with an adjacent strut
you glance down at what you've taken huh
it really is just a coffee can cut damn
it
and a whole there's a bare wire in there
sparking as it makes contact with an
adjacent struck it I got it I got it oh
where you try to pull the wire away from
the nearby components but it returns to
its natural position touching the strut
so you can move it but it comes back
right Oh coffee you can back oh no what
is the goop look at pink a thin coating
of sticky pingu covers every surface in
the room Nick OOP the goop is stuck to
the sir oh the goop is stuck to the
service what's the spit spit
wait taste goop you're not hungry
the spigot wouldn't move before it's
something it's not something you move
spigot asleep like a faucet right I
wanted to turn this bigot I go to spigot
you guys would look at the machine is
there like a lever or something on the
machine look and machine
okay look at the machine the machine
consists of a spigot aimed at a flat
platform a handwritten sheet of paper
has been hastily taped over the base of
the platform note that it's a spigot
aimed at a flat platform put Cup on
platform oh that's right we have a
coffee can
yeah that's right place cam on platform
you place the client can below the
spigot to turn speaker it's not clear
how to get the spigot to work its to get
aimed at a flat platform so now we have
a coffee can underneath the spinning o
punch spigot that's what I do you can't
just go breaking things on a spaceship
you'll punch a hole in the hole okay olá
covering nearly every surface in this
room is covered with us to keep in goop
which seems to be thicker near grey
machine sitting in the corner a hole in
the wall expose the nest of wires there
is a hatch leading back to the captain's
quarters to the four have we been to the
captain's quarters in leading back to
the captain's quarters that's where we
work yeah what's what's in the room
let's take taking inventory okay okay I
can't do so we have sticky pink goop
that we can't pick up right but it's by
a spigot we can assume we might need it
because we have a comfort and that can
go under the spigot the cup is under the
spigot but we can't move the spigot well
speak it wouldn't be what I'm assuming
releases the goop right right so
obviously we need to get goop we gotta
go so we know that we know that what
else is in the room this is just how you
play you said you think about what you
can do I don't think anything is I got a
hole we got wire wait take care of the
wire I guess we could go back to the to
the captain's quarters and see if there
was anything we missed in there you
could yeah have you played this right I
know I know I know you're into this I
don't want to tell you how to solve okay
so I know I don't remember all the
details but you
I know things you can do like I know how
to solve the wire problem sure you want
a hint oh hold on look around I'm gonna
I'm just gonna look at like there yeah
example yeah commands turn knob push
button at your phone booth climb stairs
open box right pamphlet I mean turn
spigot is that a thing
I play how to get the spigot to work we
need to figure out how to get this
spigot to work just look look look gray
machine one more time sir are we sure
there's not another button on there get
that to work I'm just I don't remember
the machine kiss it consists of a spigot
aimed at a flat platform there's an
empty coffee can sitting under the
spigot a handwritten sheet of paper has
been hastily taped over the base of the
platform and it says out of order the
sheet of paper has been taped to the
platform over the base of the platform
yeah the paper or anything paper you rip
the note off leaving a fluttering piece
of electronical tape behind and
revealing a control panel this is very
outside to buy I know that's why I love
this I kind of love this Ridge I don't
know he's seen a clicking point you
would just click on that oh that moves
yeah this you have to think about it
it's great you might be convincing me to
play a real text event yeah yeah okay
okay okay
most of the control panel is rendered
unusable by the sticky pink goop you see
a row of what look like radio preset
buttons all but two of which are stuck
there's also a big red lever
none of these are legibly labeled okay
you see a row of what looks like radio
preset buttons
oh so like the buttons okay I'll which
two of which are stuck there's also a
big red lever I mean we pull the lever
obviously dispensing mom's speciality
the machine says a thick stream of pink
goop streams out it mostly gets
everywhere but the coffee can't does end
up filled yes
you grab the can a few drops land in
your mouth and you recognize the flavor
bacon milkshake atmospheric anomaly
detected a different voices a whirring
sound ensues and the bulk of the goop is
sucked into invisible vents leaving just
enough goop floating around to be gross
and annoying atmosphere purified the
voice says triumphantly what next okay
okay that was a bad sentence today
that's what she said I'm sorry everybody
I'm sorry for typing such a dirty put
goop in whole put goop on wire why the
fuck would you want to do that to
insulate the wire that's touching the
thing I thought that's the whole reason
we got to goop was so we can put the
goop on the wire so it doesn't spark
against the shrub no oh no I don't think
you know much about Google yes there's
another there's an other way to take
care of the wire this Matt that much I
do remember I have this to show I have
the goop in a can that's everything in
the room was think about what you can do
with him
look around I'll just look around yeah
nearly every surface in this room is
covered with a sticky pink goop which
seems to be thicker near great machine a
hole in the wall exposes a nest of wires
there's a hatch leading back to the
captains quarters and the four blobs of
sticky pink goop would drift around the
room
it was Rennie on the machine yep look at
the machine is there anything a machine
will do art look art machine what look
art machine oh the yeah there are two
more buttons to press press buttons no
bottom the raised button clicks into
place and the previously selected
buttons pop up local currencies as a
robotic voice pole lever the machine
whirs dispensing local currency of
voices the machine whirs dispensing
local currency voices a thick stream of
Zork meds for friends we got rich guys
leftover beefcake thank you for
subscribing
we got Zork vids beefcake see what other
files bounce off the flat platform and
scatter or longer room I'll pick up Zork
myths currency apparently is work meds
you spend a few minutes gathering up the
scattered Zork meds your score has gone
up by a third of a point okay uh press
the raise button clicks into place
and the previously selected button pops
up mom specialities as a mother mom's
speciality know there was another button
oh but I suppose that Salt's yeah okay
oh okay so now I have some Zork meds
what is a Zork Minh
look at his work mid yep that should be
enough oh wait
purchase upgrade I don't know
oh go thinking nice thinking I could use
my Azure crewmate mids to purchase an
upgrade so it doesn't want me to put
those orchids in the whole dozen this I
know there's something you miss there's
something I'm missing okay so there's
two buttons on the machine and I press
both and pull the lever I have Zork meds
and Mac and it's not the only thing on
the machine that's my head look at panel
most of the control panel is rendered
unusable by the sticky pink goop you see
a row of won't look like radio preset
buttons all but two of which are stuck
there's also a big red lever
no it's there's the two buttons yes
there's the note on the machine right
yeah how was the note on the machine you
sneaky so I don't know if you're here
for this I ripped the note off of the
surface yeah and then I didn't reveal
the panel underneath the note but it
said specifically that it lets a piece
of electrical tape oh my god like
trickle tape even yes that that one took
me a while
that one that one got me caught oh so
that's why that's why I'm I hope to
their use tape on wire oh my god you
wrap the tape around the bare wire
insulating it your score has gone up by
one and two thirds point this is intense
I am loving funny you're sweating cuz
you read too much we could play Zork at
some point
what's Zork that's the text adventure oh
my god there's also the older the older
Sierra games it's like a hybrid
graphical with text you can walk
but everything you do is done by typing
in what you do
oh wait that sounds like yeah what I bet
that would be a fungus tree yeah okay
let's do that not right now no no okay
what okay so I did everything everything
in this room okay so now I go to mid
might want you just do enter catch I
don't think you straight there
it might catch Captain's Quarters
alright this looks like an all-purpose
living area sleeping pod sits next to a
nightstand a ladder leads up to the four
you've pulled the rug to one side
revealing a hatchway leading aft okay so
um sleeping pod and a nightstand look at
nightstand the nightstand offers a
single drawer which is posed okay you
open the drawer revealing a thick manual
okay manual it's a manual for the
navigation computer in the command
module after leafing through it you feel
confident you're under you feel
confident you understand how to use the
interface well enough to set up a route
back to bug Mars your score has gone up
by two and an eighth point poorly barely
we should check out the sleeping pods
yep the sleeping pod looks like a bed
with a lid but you have to assume it's
got some sort of suspended animation
functionality I mean right there's a
hole on top right next to a gauge
reading empty
goodbye adios Jane have a nice one
goodbye chair everybody have a good
night
you see it works
you bring the can close to the hole and
the hole sucks the pink goop right in
the nearby gauge fills up your score has
gone up by nine halves of a point what
do I do now wait so the sleeping pilot
hasn't laid but you have to assume it's
got some sort of suspended animation I
mean right there's a hole on top
can I get in bed get in bed you can't
simply sleep until you're confident that
you've returned to bug Mars by the
amateur oh sure okay
you saw the log of the puzzle so oh yeah
great um go to what was in the book the
command module yeah that's what I want
to go to
the kids I want me to tell you what to
do I think they're getting antsy oh I'm
sorry
you don't realize how much Jack is
enjoying them silver he's got a big
smile on his face and you know what I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna ruin this Jack
has just discovered the text adventure
that's pretty neat I mean I don't know
if it's sad that this is my first text
adventure game you know that's what well
you and I are of different generations
and it's like I've just never come up
before where I've had an opportunity to
play a text adventure and it's using a
part of my brain that you know the
crocodile some of the earliest games I
played where the Sierra adventure games
about that yeah yeah that's correct
I loved it this is great I only Anders
oh did I spell that wrong command module
yeah but we can't see a smile due to
lack of face cam ha can't you hear it in
my voice oh yeah I know I can hear in
your voice
I'm looking at spending a lot of time
how do you spell module on screen um mo
do you oh yeah okay thank you okay
you clamor across the liner command
module the walls of this circular room
curve to meet up at the point of the
cars nose lining the walls you see a
porthole going splay and a control there
okay cool go to control
look at it look control deck oh oh sure
oh it's not a deck it's just like a yeah
I'm not sure I don't I don't remember
some of this so um the control deck
consists of an array of switches and a
pair of joysticks let's hope you never
need to override the ship's autopilot oh
do I need to go to the do I need to go
to the display I don't remember I really
honestly don't remember the solution to
this and just say something about an
autopilot yeah and I think that was in
the display a girl glowing at his face
shows a map of the galaxy with a
destination you don't recognize Mars and
an ETA about three thousand years
looking closer you see that's great
buttons route details and nudists oh
okay here we go press read huh I am not
a good time I don't know if I've ever
told you this but I am NOT a touch
typist I'm a huntin picker you deftly
plot a course back to bug Mars the
engines roar and you feel g-forces shift
the ETA reads 57 and three-fifths ears
uh-huh you run a diagnostic and
determined that the vast majority of the
time is going to be spent going through
bug customs luckily you can sleep
through Marmot your score has gone up by
three and three thirds go too bad yeah I
think you have to go back to the chamber
in the room and everything yeah text
adventures yeah um yes that's why this
year a game tonight's don't like a
hybrid yeah I would like some visuals to
go yeah yeah we will stream Space Quest
okay
ah you know what was the cult pray or
something with that's you know your loss
look helps in the mental you don't say
that
oh sure you know what yeah if I just say
it look around yeah um oh ladder I have
to go up the ladder that's right
I go up captain scores great um go to
bed okay you lie down in the sleeping
pod close the lid and drift off secure
that in fifty seven in something years
you'll return to bug Mars a wealthy frog
you're clearly not in your sleep pod
your bleary glanced around you clearly
glanced around to get your bearings and
you appear to have been sleeping on a
heart-shaped bed covered with roses a
voice comes from the next room awake
already a wispy woman figure in a
bathrobe and crown walks in she bends
over and kisses you on the nose and
suddenly you feel your body shifting
yeah she she laughs and claps and you
realize that you've been
transmogrified into a human form
you awake with a start what a horrible
dream you call your friend dragging the
flying dragon just to talk to someone
hello draggy says I
had the worst nightmare you explained
the situation I'm not sure that a
support group for human bug-eaters is
really going to get much of a following
draggy Ponder's maybe if we drummed up a
little publicity first I know just the
PR agency five minutes later he shows up
at your door just to the nines he tosses
a frog tuxedo at you put this on babe
we're running for president
yeah candidate huh
what say you to the allegation that you
are not a natural-born citizen that you
are under 35 and that you're four oh my
god it's against what I use Oh
oh this is too hard this is very hard
think outside the box dance
nope oh my god yeah okay can you hold um
I have to get
oh we're nearest the end I know there's
a morons getting a little like yes
there's more games yes
I don't know if I can take I know I know
numerator sense in the holiday coffee
mr. president heavy on the cream okay
economy manager weather report cloudy
bug assets to millions orchids cost to
produce bug porn what customers
brookport 10,000 well that's a weird
thing to have on my presidential bids
over megabytes how many megabytes of bug
porn do you wish to what it's an economy
game for making porn you so pork butt
porn what you have to produce predict
how well the bug porn will sell based on
conditions and demand but I'm the bug
president I know this is the job of the
bug president 1/4 how so what 10,000
Zork miss use your friendships jack how
many megabytes a bug portion do you wish
to make but I only have two millions orc
meds I also I want to make 2 megabytes
it doesn't sound like much okay well
I'll test it's a good test okay okay how
many pop-up banner ads 15,000 Zork meds
each do you want to port per Portus
Porges how many BAE how many pop-up
banner ads we want that we want at least
10 of those for your two megabytes okay
yeah okay well price to you bitch wish
to charge per megabyte of bug porn so I
only have two megabytes and you spent
all that money on the banner ads so that
we should charge roughly charges on but
to buy it I don't know what do you think
what do you think about a hundred and
you you do that a hundred assortments
per megabyte
juvenile bugs posing as health
inspectors gave your product the
thumbs-up everybody wants to see ya
bugs marveled at your low prices great I
kept coming to the door after you ran
out of porn you made two megabytes of
bug porn at ten thousand dollars a
megabyte you sold two megabytes of book
porn at 1,000 I was thinking of reality
right where it's like I can make two
megabytes of bug for itself and but here
yeah you only sell oh my god oh Jesus
okay how many Dark Prince wait how many
swords do you want to order the bug rule
no zero more money spent on marketing
than I'm content jack is a modern triple
a kingdoms yeah yes zing-zing
zero that confident uh-huh oh my god
upgrade again oh Jesus uninstall
targeting sure okay bug assets great
cost to produce bug porn so we should
make more bug point today oh definitely
more but I only have a million it's
sunny and me don't like it's sunny
people actually might want to go out and
they might they might sure so we should
probably sell a thousand megabytes
of porn unfortunately you only have oh
and I can't do math we should get a
hundred megabytes of porn how many
pop-up banner ads do you want 20 be sure
to charge more for your product than it
costs to mate yeah what price do you
wish to charge for your porn or for your
megabyte of bug porn well they thought a
hundred was low last time right right
money might be too low
well no that's that was how many banner
ads oh oh bad owner man I'm looking so
now what price tis so 100 was too low so
maybe 200 no but a lot of people were
willing to buy it shut up Homer Simpson
1982 thank you for subscribing we
appreciate it so I'm making a hundred
mega but I'm making a hundred megabytes
of form yes
so and so that case you need to make
profit sure and so that cost me $100,000
like ten thousand a form oh sure and I
need to pay for all this advertising I'm
doing sure so ten thousand a porn
the bug porn sensors are working today
and there will be no bug porn available
at bug retail what senses but Oh bottle
of my bug born at lunchtime oh that's
great
you made 100 megabytes of bug porn add
$10,000 in megabyte you sold a hundred
megabytes of bug porn that's a great but
I still didn't make a profit so because
I paid too much for advertising uh-huh
uh-huh
I'm still you know what I can't do math
let's take all the skin frog fractions
for a reason ponies earthman's do you
what the Federal Reserve to print I
don't want them to print anything all
right all right now to hear with that
bug reserved no I don't have any I don't
know what's this lock on target damn it
one of the other things on the bomb I
couldn't get those in how much were it
hot and dry I don't know they was just
in the red Oh notice an outbreak of frog
STDs and bug porn actors is driving
production costs up oh no it's hot and
dry okay okay the porn business is just
bleeding money jack I I'm not a good
porn producer this is something we
should have known I'd go higher than a
hundred you want to make more than a
hundred porn yeah a thousand no I can't
I don't have enough to make a thousand
or I do unfortunately yeah I don't have
enough know how much okay Norman Norman
I can make 500 maybe well well we got a
cofactor in advertising a what not too
sure
let's make 200 nope let's make 100 again
how many pop-up banner ads so this is
what fucked me last time so I'm only
gonna run two this time okay and now
we're gonna sell it all for 1500
what the in-house bug porn musician
decided to make bug classical crossover
today nobody's quite sure what to make
of it made clamor for your product yes
bug seemed unaware of point weapon well
the weather made them wanted but you
didn't spend much in advertising so a
lot of people didn't know mine
I sold 70 megabytes I mean y-you meant
to water so that's not so great
I uh I bled less money today what are
your assets currently I only have four
hundred and five thousand what I want
them to print zero money alright that's
not their job that's not their job huh
you need you need you need to bail out
your own porn business it's too big to
fail check my indignity level is that an
all timeline I can I cannot install lock
on targeting I'm just gonna keep doing
that fuck weather cloudy no people are
gonna want to stay inside of it and
watch porn maybe maybe okay how much
does it cost to produce this work so I
can only make like I can only make you
know what I'm gonna make a hundred no
I'm gonna make that one make fifty no I
can't do math I'm gonna make twenty
we make twenty megabytes
how many pop-up banner ads do you wish
to purchase okay now we gotta go crazy
we can actually it well cost what 1200
it costs 1200 to make and plus 1500 so
where I'm gonna charge you 50 thousand
okay we're just gonna see what it
happens superb performances made today's
Big Bud superb performances made today's
bug porn too hot the warehouse burned
down
No oh and I sold 0 my porn was too good
I only have $45,000 list of assets
I need more lock on targeting oh it's
thunderstorms today oh no they don't
have to bail me out I fail I'm gonna be
here all night do you have to win this
game
I thought if I got down to $0 something
might happen well I've never gotten down
to $0 check let's see what happens let's
see here so I can only make like 3 I can
make 3 megabytes and I don't think I can
make any bad right there can I get one
nope how many banner ads would you like
purchase is zero um and I would like to
charge two billion dollars one hundred
thousand dollars
for but part juvenile bugs posing as
health inspectors gave your product a
thumbs up everybody wants to see it
Emily if he's referencing your player
now you scroll all this a lot of two
fingers okay trackpad you're like just
go here and then use two fingers okay
dick the birthday boy says get the ban
button ready after J cuz I'm about to
bust out the R word our word all over
the place
oh yeah listen my kind of game is fine
let's see here
oh I sold zero I only have nine thousand
two hundred dollars left
how many sore points do want the Federal
Reserve to print zero get out of here
a many V the clever I I know he's in
this on his own I'm not gonna telling
what to do
bug given unit today their rates just
went up great um cost to produce bug
porn is 15,000 but I only have 9,000 an
asset so how many do I wish to create
this is a fraction can I make a fraction
I don't know 100 point 0.5 that is not a
number
I mean it is a number zero how many pop
up banners do one purchase 0
well price too much to charge for your
megabyte a button but points I can't
help them
no nobody can help him Jeff no I don't
have any money to make anything anymore
he refuses to listen he's our coins
we've told him so I guess I need to
order more Zork vids you have to I have
to in order to just make anything you
know what you can just do it all with
the Federal Reserve Jack as much money
as you need to buy everything what do I
need to get
just-just-just how would I need ready at
the wind print two billion two billion
two million two three one two three one
two three no that's fine
I guess we'll let these I guess we'll
let your successor worry about the
inflation problem great what upgrade
would you like to install and now I can
install some upgrades bug drugs drugging
the water supply will passive in
Tahlequah bugs keeping them off the
streets and out of trouble
oh great oh yeah I want to do that now
they're gonna buy oh okay great
I have 18 million is or foods to produce
bug porn all right um so now we should
just make a huge number if you want to
yes okay so every 15,000 okay so we mean
we want to make a hundred megabytes of
bug porn go
how many pop-up banner ads at eighty
thousand so that is a total of 32 do you
want to purchase I want
I want 20 what price do you wish to
charge 80,000 cuz now they're gonna be
at home decided to make smooth yesterday
nobody's quite sure what to make of it
books complained incessantly about your
high prices I sold four megabytes oh no
that's fine we got plenty money we have
so much money we'll try again
this satellite oh wait no I should
probably lock on target oh I know but it
just keeps popping up so I want to keep
pressing it okay oh how many ports okay
we're gonna try again with a hundred
thorns and what do we got knows how many
Zork MIDI Jim well we'll try again in
twenty but you know so eighty thousand
was too high right and it needs to be
more than thirty-two to make a profit so
should we try 52 yes go for it okay the
in-house bug poor musician decided to
make a bug to Celtic Celtic folk today
nobody cause quite Ranma go bugs
complain to about the high prices again
I sold more today no okay did you make a
profit I know
I've yet to make a profit okay what's
the thingy goodbye at the bottom er a
system of satellites to help your media
meteorologists provide more accurate and
precise weather forecasts okay I don't
care about that
I know I know okay I'm gonna make today
today's the day I'm gonna make one
thousand forints nope that's too much
I'm gonna make one hundred points again
and I'm gonna make 28 banners again okay
and so if it costs 32,000 to make okay I
mean should we just try it I mean 33,000
we're barely making a profit baby
should we try 40 you know being the
president of bug Mars is a lot more
challenging oh no it made it too hot
oh no yeah man I found feeling really
good about today they don't like you huh
the warehouse in the game well I just
make two good heart I should probably
uninstall lock-on targeting I think that
whatever okay okay we're gonna do it
today we're gonna do today okay I here
for sunny weather I wish to make a
hundred points uh twenty banner ads so
we did we tried 35 yeah let's try 30 or
you know what we're gonna skim the
bottom of the profit margin yeah oh all
right all right just to see what happen
okay we need to sell some bug porn rich
there's somebody saying the banner ads
aren't per megabyte so it's not that
good think it's a bit less than you
think for the banner ads I think that's
what they're saying
yeah whatever 33 just go for 33 this is
fine I'm fine with 33 spike I'm doing
great I don't know what those banner ads
are I don't know what they mean but bugs
marveled at my low prices great you made
100 megabytes of bug porn at 15,000
megabytes you sold 100 hey great I made
a proper
I made a million dollars in profit Sarah
I want the door to zeros workman's that
confident great okay I should probably
in so I get out here bug weather okay so
I guess we just do the same thing but we
just up the price right 100 porns 20 ads
and now we'll try that 35 again okay the
house bug right it's weird the dry
weather makes books thirsty for your
progress bugs Marvin let my low prices
and kept coming in oh yes I sold all my
porn okay great how many Zork meds do
you want I don't want them to order
anything cuz I'm doing great
okay what up great ball is really that
is a great running game I really enjoy
every day someone says make 500 points
can I make 500 points 500 points
oh my god yeah twenty banner ads same
the same as we always do these problem
arjuna so he's a bright boy let's see
what everybody 5,000
great bug seemed unaware of my porn
today I only sold eighty nine megabytes
lost that was too much there's too much
that wasn't you know what that wasn't
enough advertising yeah all right okay I
want the door to zero yeah I have plenty
of money
I should probably really get that blog
on targeting okay okay okay here we go
here we go how many porns um here's I'm
gonna go back to 100 and I'm gonna go
back to 20 ads but we're gonna try going
up to like 30 well we know the ratio
right Wow okay wait cause it's too late
to go back for what 120 yeah one - fine
so if you order 500 for one hundred on
them oh sure oh no I burned down the
fucking warehouse again stop burning
down the warehouse
I should have get out here fuck weather
thunderstorms oh they won't burn down
the warehouse today so yeah 500 points
100 banner ads
damn right 500 100 yeah okay charge
thirty five hundred one hundred thousand
thirty five thousand people are telling
me something that I forgot okay you can
buy one of the padlocks
that's not locked it just is a padlock
god damn it what
didn't air to do this 100 oh okay
I don't have that much money so let's
try 80 yeah nope
6000 authority Oh No
very we gonna lose everything 20 dad
more from future generations
oh no the bug porn censors bought all my
porn at lunchtime oh good
you didn't need the the advertising yeah
nope you made 500 megabytes porn and 50
what oh good yeah I made a profit today
that's good why did I only sell it for
15,000 you sold 500 no I sold it for 35
okay great oh yeah we made 9 million in
profit today nice I want them to print 0
okay oh my god that is a padlock adding
padlocks the bug point search warehouse
we should cut down on the shrinkage
considerably ha ah great let's do that
buying the padlock there's a clutter I
you salute them okay 150
how many pop-up beds
18 pop-up ads are now 18 oh no they
always happen okay no no I did 150 so
normal oh yeah yeah normally at 20 so if
I could just get like 25 and then 35
let's try 38 you like this little
minigame don't you uh I'm understanding
it out I didn't understand it yeah I've
never like I've never played this type
of game before bugs marvel that my low
price is great
I sold all of my bug porn and made a
tidy profit oh nice great zero get out
of here what up oh now I can oh no but
yeah there's this residential swimming
pool this heated pool provides a
familiar wet environment from which the
button president can relax yeah but you
know we should really I kind of want to
see if I keep going with the game I want
to see if I can get another roll over
all right see if it's something all
right or do they just keep going forever
I don't
I've never ever tried to get them to
keep going forever they might I
13050 we know how this works nap 25
one saying no and I I know I know what
if I get the pool thing is this game
over is that our yeah please buy it oh
my god Jack hack fraud the madness never
stops he just wants to play the porn
game nah but see look Jesus look we can
get another room this side this new one
I I mean I'm doing it well now okay
let's see here superb performance
oh no I burned down the warehouse now
fuck hey everyone in the checkpoint you
wanted frog fractions and you gotta get
it oh now it comes over here no no I'm
not gonna do it okay
Oh Dario Oh back to the biscuit of
course you go down
and it's directed by the Wachowski
birthday it's the Matrix movies
everybody you've gotta be kidding me
that was brilliant
yeah I know I never ever would have
gotten past the Frog minigame I never
would have never got well that's why
it's dropping it
yeah it's your run pornography
Oh
oh sorry that was quick that was
never have I been taken on such a
journey
good luck Boris the actual point of the
night
how we come back
I have all the first place
well that night obviously oh I think
that's a great I
yeah thank you
that could be fun that might be
that would be a good idea for the
long awaited never happened yet
I can't I just that you know like I
think I think it would be hard for us to
interact
my regular son
yeah
yeah and then we're out of here so talk
to us by cab if you want
riches shiny new mega powerful TVs just
sitting there staring at him yeah and
watching this is what I'm saying you
guys have to understand you guys have to
respect what's of its if they could just
be saying but someone is safe
that's not do it do it take it
make sure big words I did see
you know I do something as far as like
your fan placement like obviously do
some cooling tests there's some programs
that you need to get no I'm not planning
overclocking I didn't know no because
that just seems like overkill if you
know it seems like a it's more trouble
but it might be worth yeah I don't know
it's just soups is suit whether the
software for the ACE for the motor work
yes none of that what's what is wrong
with the Asus suit sweet Agra Suites is
probably the sweet salute sweet suit
suits you to meet zoo broad fractions
get the F out of town with frog
fractions yeah we're not gonna shit your
pants now we're going home
yes where our brains are front done
yeah yeah we're done you know we are
we're done but thank you guys so much
for coming out watching rich build his
PC thank you for giving us the means to
give rich Evans a brand-new computer
don't shoot your pants it won't last
five minutes it ends the game for you
screamer that's what that tells me don't
shit your pants the screamer no but he
says it takes five minutes the game will
end itself for you I wonder why I'm a
screamer oh look we're not playing dark
shit your pants thank you no thank you a
moron
for giving away don't be doing that nope
um yeah I know we're leaving it good
good night thank you so much to all the
new subscribers today thank you to all
the old subscribers and thank you for
everyone who just came out to watch just
be idiots
we very much appreciate it and and now
rich is gonna go home and hug his computer
