Oct 5, 2014
The Binding of Isaac, FTL: Faster Than Light, Solitaire, MS Paint
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45418783
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45418258
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45416374
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45416321
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45416204
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45416029
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qipm_8WDfAc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HiyYNzP5nY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbtcDYmErWc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sBqpmhr7BY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/518851666532384770
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/518904226232414208
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/518976031894409217

[Part I]
down to what has started hello welcome
to the jack solo stream Sunday night
Jack solo stream rich I believe is going
to be joining us in a little bit rich is
building props today
uh he said he's gonna try to call in
later he's building a very special prop
yeah yes you get you get our loading
video so congratulations and random ads
I have snacks
I'm drinking my usual snack my MKE
brewings hop freak yes by the way today
so I'm gonna we're gonna start playing
that's my headphones if you hear that
crinkling in the background I would take
them up for a second
we're gonna play binding of issac today
as many of you guys know it's it's one
of my favorite games today is the three
year anniversary of The Binding of Isaac
and so we're gonna play it it's on sale
on Steam right now for like 74 cents it
is if you do not own the binding of
isaac yet you can get it for under a
dollar you need to buy this game also if
you go to the binding of issac website
you can there there's a new interview
outtake footage from the indie game the
movie from edwin macmillan edward
macmillan and you can you can hear him
talking about binding of issac it's it's
super fantastic it's getting me super
hyped for rebirth which is out soon but
in any case Thank You octo Jay octo Jay
our fantastic moderator laying down some
rules for y'all
just just the general rules of be
excellent to each other we've we play by
Bill and Ted rules here be excellent to
each other yeah no in cussing yeah you
can cuss cussing is encouraged in
chattin just now it is $1 on Steam it's
so great binding of issac okay
hello del c del the software was up
indeed space cadaver says that says
typical feminist which channel
absolutely we just want you all to be
excellent to each other
octo Jade that's an excellent that's an
excellent cuss word thank you rich Evans
will be joining us later
I miss him too it's okay
ah
yeah I'm just gonna drink some of my
snack really quick and then we're gonna
start up some binding of issac and you
know I'm just while waiting for rebirth
I've just been playing through to see if
I can get oh you know what I forgot I
forgot already my controller how
terrible of me how terrible of me that
I've forgotten my controller right this
is why we need a face cam so you can see
me leaning over and plugging in my
controller now I'll be suggestive poses
that comes from that okay here we go
here we go
right
oh no rich yet rich is building props at
the moment for a very special episode of
something and he said he's gonna try to
call in later when he's done building
props okay
Oh a paper Bard just subscribed thank
you paper Bard we haven't even started
yet but I super appreciate it thank you
very much all right let's get binding of
issac set up here go to our library oh
and for uh for all of you who don't know
I'm steamed now there is an official
previously recorded steam group rich and
I are going to be more involved with
that octo Jays there is a moderator
thank you Omni for setting that up for
us we're gonna we're gonna start getting
into that steam group and curating games
and discussing more games that we play
that we don't talk about on the show so
if you are on Steam check out our
previously recorded prereq steam group
and that is the plug for that okay
binding Isaac here we go
here we go we're doing it it's happening
everything's happening
oh god it's loud get out of here it's
loud for me I don't know if it's a lot
for you I might have to turn it down
hold on where are we
Isaac
there we go all right how's this volume
for everyone that is how does everyone
feel about this volume sound and my
voice if someone asks how the new key
mech suit is coming along and we need a
few more copies of new key to before we
can get with our new key master plan
this is all acceptable this sound is
acceptable that's great ok so first
thing we need to do is turn on my joy
two key there it is great then we need
to go like this go like this we're gonna
get our Isaac back and going
nope not papers please Isaac there it is
like sub-region oh you're seeing my joy
two key that's weird
well that's my joy two key so you got
that going for you get out of here don't
be on joy to keep you on Isaac like
sub-region right okay okay
there's Isaac there you are just
beautiful
okay so boo thank you my AK that's the
prereqs teen group a couple I I don't
think we need two dozen more copies of
nuki but maybe like four or five more
copies of new key I can read this
comment you've been testing your [ __ ]
hopefully it's working dollar binding of
issac I've absolutely
today's the binding of issac three-year
anniversary today Isaac is three years
old congratulations Isaac and someone
possibly someone new
to the stream is asking how I got
involved with red letter media so I will
I will tell you how I got involved with
red letter media oh wait have I enabled
have I not enabled my my Isaac here it's
my joy Tookie not working what's
happening oh well I started I started
Isaac oh okay now it's working but we
don't want to do this this is this is
not fun we want to do we want to do a
challenge these challenges are the
things we want to do let's see here
Isaac was good today the doctor's
revenge Lord of the Flies Large Marge I
need to do all of these things maybe um
maybe spider boy yeah let's do spider
boy um mr. there recorded I can always
tell all Phoenix you best there are
spikes in this game there are spike
traps in this game it'll be okay now
we'll get started
so I met Jay and Mike when they lived in
Milwaukee and I made videos for the
internet and they made videos for the
internet so we knew the same people I
forget who exactly introduced us but we
just met it's it's it's really the
easiest of stories where we were just
like people of similar interests oh [ __ ]
and and we met because we we liked what
we did and they when you are making
videos at the micro budget level you are
always looking for people to help out
for free and most importantly you're
looking for people to help out who you
can stand to be around and that's
something that's really really important
and Mike Jay and I got along so whenever
they would need help with something they
would ask me to come and help out and I
would and whenever I needed help with
something I would ask them to help out
and they would it started they needed
actors a lot and as anyone who's ever
seen me act knows I'm a terrible
terrible actor but you know that's what
the gun so and for me I always needed
people to help out behind the scenes and
that's what I got I got them so it was I
can't have a Gary jerk so we just helped
each other out on stuff I actually
recently unearthed one of the very first
things that they helped me out on that
never saw the light of day because I
didn't much care for it it was a music
video that I did for Josh's band if I
had a high five and it didn't quite turn
out as I wanted it to do I see that I
see that we want that get out of there
Isaac it's all hard I want to save that
so hard in case I get hit again
we shout this music video and I wanted
it to be a one-shot I guess I'm not
gonna say that it's all hard and so I
came up with this very silly idea and of
course this was years and years and
years ago I came with this very silly
idea for a one shot and it just didn't
quite turn out as I wanted it to so I
reshot the whole thing and Josh has
always asked me for this original video
and I lost it for a while and it was on
different hard drives for awhile and I
finally found it I was looking for old
hard drives and and I'm working on
editing it together for Josh just
because it's a fun little thing like oh
this thing I made a decade ago not
really a decade ago probably six seven
years ago
and yeah that's how I met write letter
media and you know one of the stories
that I always tell is that when as a
true testament to how Mike and Jay and I
always used each other in our shorts
Mike and Jay were helping me shoot a
music video when when we shot mine and
Jillian's segment for the for the Star
Wars Episode one episode vork great he
soul heart oh this is a beautiful run
pills heat up great we were they were
helping me shoot a music video so I am
and Mike asked me and Jillian to kind of
like step aside for a half hour so he
could ask us the the mr. Plunkett
character questions for the episode 1
review and then we got right back to
shooting the music video that I was
shooting so just because that's what we
did we used each other and we still do I
still help out with them and they still
help me out with stuff it's just you
know I think that's everything yeah I
don't wanna go to the store yet okay
great that's it
Spyke room Phoenix you and your spike
rooms how often do you mentally
breakdown when doing the wheel of the
worst is the question often which is why
I don't do that very often I first did
that that the first wheel the worst
episode I did with like key matters and
I forget was even all on that one I
hated that I just absolutely hated that
and I just politely asked them not to
include me in future wheel the worst
episode it's because I had a bad time
you know breaking down movies is easy
because because I kind of understand
that but when you're dealing with these
videos that are like instructional
videos or or you know the dance of birth
it breaks my brain in such a real way of
pride that that it hurts not until I did
my second wheel the worse episode the
SOS video that I truly understand the
joy that is we love the worst chariot oh
oh crap I don't know what these things
do I need to look it up what does the
Joker do when do I want to use the Joker
someone tell me what the Joker does just
have to express how you feel
Jackie I do hate fun and what's
happening in the oh and the Star Wars
Episode one video looks like you're
sitting on the porch of a farm it does
I'm just sitting on the porch of my
house
we were shooting a music video in my
house and so they shot Gillian in my
living room and we wanted to vary up the
location so I went outside because it
was a very nice day my house not on the
farm oh yeah I'm here spider so it was
just shot at my house I did you know
like like wheel the worst is really
tough and and now I'm back into wheel of
the worst but still I prefer regular
best of the worst even even watching the
episodes I prefer oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] oh oh
I'm just gonna die okay alright that's
fine that's fine that's fine you know I
get I get bad movies but those
instructional videos are just a world of
hurt that we're asking for so I just
prefer regular best of the worst I don't
think that's controversial I someone
said hi jack and I said hi back Joker
takes you to the devil room oh that's
right that's right I didn't watch
American flat you laters that's what I
felt really good about that you're not
gonna get me fire part of the joy also
if anyone doesn't does anyone does
everyone know what this game is it's a
it's a twin stick shooter a bit of a
bullet hell game and you play as Isaac
this kid right here and you're trying to
escape your mother who's trying to kill
you
so what's my favorite sliders episode
all of them are pretty awesome
sliders anything in that first season
when they were when they were incredibly
premise heavy that might be a soul art
Oh in a rock I'll take a rock damaged up
yeah dog you know when they're just like
what if the water was green how would
that change the world so they little no
I don't want to do that I'm liking where
my hearts are at right now spike room
hey Phoenix Phoenix here's your spikes
we got spikes in the game Joker takes me
to the devil room I'll see what I can
I'll see what I got after after I defeat
this boss maybe I'll go to the devil
room if they don't know what it is they
can buy it for $1 it's really true
just watch this game and see how awesome
it is and go buy it for a dollar and
play it it's it's a procedurally
generated every time you play it's
different it's roguelike so you have to
beat the entire game or you lose the
whole thing it's it's randomize your
items the dungeon layout is different
every time your enemy the enemies that
you fight is different every time every
time you play this game it's a brand new
game and it is a goddamn work of art you
buy this game right now small rock hype
okay
hey Serge it's what's up oh guts going
nuts I will say your name
damn you too what if the one that's
great yeah favourite quantum leap
episode oh man there's so many great
that just that first quantum leap
episode I think people forget how
awesome it was you know also just him
remembering who he was that the pilot
episode of quantum leap was fantastic oh
man
rich is just cooler just saying Bongo
Doug I agree I agree with you
rich is way cooler than I am quantum
leap was great cloud-like was a great
job alright let's see who the enemy is
Oh Gertie junior we can deal with this
oh wait Gertie comes in at axis oh yeah
we don't like that get out oh [ __ ] you
Gertie junior Oh get out of here there
we go easy peasy oh well here's the
devil room well that's fine
okay what are these things and do I want
them this guy gives me hearts what is
this thing
known as my tat in the sonic episode
you've probably seen my tattoo a bunch
of times
girdi don't get brimstone okay no don't
take either you don't like either of
these but this is rock like this is
roguelike we've talked about the
definition of roguelike changing over
the years
don't take it way to be don't take
either ok I won't take it that's fine
okay with that I don't need to elf up we
want that and then they have five cents
so I don't want to waste my keys on the
store because I only have five cents to
spend so let's go down let's go down
another one not worth it okay I can
explain what Jimmy jams are it's a
poster that's on a wall and Team
Fortress 2 and I set it once in the
early streams because when when you're
just talking when you're talking
randomly sometimes you can't think of
the right word to say so instead of
doing what I just did there which is
pause and say um so I could think about
something what you do is you find filler
words you know sprocket Kerkar muffin
biscuit stuff like that and I want to
say in the earlier streams I was just
saying Jimmy Jam because that's what the
thing I was saying like oh here's a
Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Jam and whatnot
because it's a team fortress 2 poster
and it's become a thing now I don't know
if I'm okay with it or not some people
don't like it some people do like it
Etra fan it gives me a blood machine
let's go see if there's a devil room in
here
there's a devil room in here
I don't have three soul hearts and this
is a Necronomicon and I don't think I
want the Necronomicon doing what the
Necronomicon fart bar right well those
were elements of a rogue turn-based RPG
elements but also procedurally generated
also having to complete in one life you
know we've taken some things yes I am a
confirmed hipster I think we've talked
about that book is average at best so I
shouldn't get the book not worth a heart
is that what you're saying Hydra - easy
- so art school okay
that's good to know Necronomicon is not
worth heart container all right that's
what I wanted to know that is what I
wanted to know but this gives me - soul
hearts so I definitely want that one
point great take that needs
so the thing about this game the what
I'm playing right now is I'm playing the
challenges normally there are power-ups
on every level there's a powerup room
that you go to on every level that kind
of give you new and unique power-ups I'm
doing a challenge which means that I get
kind of one powerup for the for per game
and there's no powerup room my powerup
this time is the spider eyes which lets
me shoot four shots at once key room
mega key that golden key that means that
I get unlimited keys for this level so
that means I can freely open up the shop
so some of the challenges are easy like
I find this to be really easy kind of up
that ladder like that ladder yo I don't
have enough money this is this has been
really easy to start with because it's a
very powerful powerup to have so early
in the game but I can see later this
this biting me
mm-hmm also getting a heart so uh well
this is good library Anarchist Cookbook
drops bombs when i use it if you see
here yeah I haven't been showing it like
this Siri here is like a special ability
slot which is empty right now so I need
one of these an turkeys cookbook drops
and bombs and what doesn't the
Necronomicon do again someone in the
chat tell me tell me and then I will
talk about the art style for Isaac
rebirth is it a bad move um I mean I
like this flash style I think the the
graphics of the game are less important
than the character design
and so damages all enemies in the room
okay all right yeah then I'll take the
Necronomicon that sounds like a good
sounds like a good one so so you know
he's going for binding of isaac rebirth
they're moving to a pixel art style
which is what he had originally wanted
for The Binding of Isaac and I I mean I
think it's fine they're still gonna have
the amazing character design we're still
gonna have giant bloody blob monsters
but it'll be a pixel styler and one of
the jokes is that you can also have a
graphics overlay that makes it look like
the flash style which is hilarious to me
but I I trust I trust in I'll have one
bomb oh I want that I want what's in
there but I only have one bomb so
until until edy makes a bad game that
man can do whatever he wants and even if
he makes a bad game he's gone he's
gotten cred and if that man wants it to
be pixel art style [ __ ] Who am I Who
am I to tell him no a man has made some
amazing games and his art style is
fantastic so I'm I ain't gonna tell him
[ __ ] if he wants if he wants a pixel art
game he can have one it's it's a bit of
a shame because pixel art well that
doesn't do me any good it pixel art is a
thing now and when he went binding Isaac
came out a couple years ago three years
ago today it wasn't as big of a deal
oh [ __ ] you I need those bombs yo if I
had the ladder in the other room which I
need 15 cents for then I could get those
bombs so three years ago pixel art
wasn't the hot jam but it is now I need
some coin so I think a lot of people new
to Binding of Isaac are going to look at
the pixel art style and say oh just
another pixel art game not understanding
that it was the original attends it
intent three years ago but again it
doesn't matter it's not gonna change how
great the games gonna be
I'm near X I have played time [ __ ] ik
time [ __ ] I don't know how to properly
pronounce that but I have played it and
it's fun it's fun little flash game fun
little online game maybe we'll do it
first dream one night oh hey oh just
everything everything oh that's great
Necronomicon for the win going of that
yeah use it all the time
no cash same [ __ ] Nanak about that [ __ ]
damn it no cash no cash means no ladder
means no bombs means no other chest darn
a barn oh wow time for kick brick
McCullen style yes ma'am you know I'm
not I'm not a admin Edwin McMullen
McMillan I'm [ __ ] up your name Edie
sorry if you're listening to this I know
you're not I'm not a yes man that man
has created some fantastic games time
forgot super meatboy Binding of Isaac so
he's made only good things as far as I'm
concerned so I'm just going to give him
the benefit of the doubt oh I have
played Fez I think we've talked about
Fez and it's fine it's fine game I found
I mean it's beautiful and the world of
shifting mechanic is is super fun and
innovative I lose steam after about an
hour and a half I get about an hour and
a half into Fez and I've tried it a
couple times and it's the same like I
don't have two hours into Fez I'm done
playing it I don't care about it anymore
right when you get to the point in which
you need to back track through world's I
find it incredibly frustrating to go to
find out where I'm supposed to go and
how to get to where I'm supposed to go
but the world is super beautiful and the
the actual play is really fun I just
find some of the other technical sides
really tedious but you know it's cute
it's a cute game
if you can get it for cheap enough I
recommend it
there's the coins dang ass game Fez is
very polarized is Fez ball at polarizing
it's it's fun guys is fun if oh hey buck
two-hand just subscribe thank you for
subscribing I super appreciate it I
don't know if Fez is polarizing I mean
it's fine it's a really it's a beautiful
game and the a 3d world shifting
mechanic is phenomenal I really enjoy it
it's just you know like I said it'd be
gone I'll [ __ ] you it got it got tedious
when I couldn't figure out how to get
back to where I wanted to go and the
gimmick got old really fast well what a
slob do just sits there I'm sure he's
gonna do something he's gonna freak out
what does this do just pops right ahead
dude where's my phone I have a thing on
my phone that tells me what things what
does Bob's rotten head to someone look
it up really quick
keep it look well my mo
you throw that keep the book okay I'll
keep the book oh one of the reasons that
people I was just a bomb know that
nevermind okay I'll keep the book um you
know I if for anyone who's seen indie
game the movie phil fish the creator fez
assented he seems like you know he came
across as a kind of a stressed out
artist type and i think that comes
across in his game it's a very it's a
very arty game and I you know positively
or negatively however you want to take
that I'm not gonna say pretentious but I
guess I just said it so so there you go
it's it's a fun game that I enjoyed Fez
before the couple of hours I think I
first got it when I had a 360 spend a
bomb to get a bomb not worth it and and
it was great
oh oh my god do you guys hear that what
the idea that sound do you know that
means do you know what that means do I
know what what means it means rich Evans
is here alright let me get your audio up
okay what I'm in this
the greatest sound of all time it's rich
Evans rich say hello hello hello are you
talking about I Dream of Jeannie no no
not not even a little bit not even a
little bit okay okay I was at the studio
working on unstuff mm-hmm and in the
background I had the you know computer
honor i was streaming old episodes of I
Dream of Jeannie I really I really loved
that show when I was a kid and it it is
a product of its time yeah every every
time he orders her to get back in the
bottle I just feel very uncomfortable
you know okay that's fine I suppose yeah
I think it is I think you're right it's
very generational Barry the man's man
and the woman is wacky but still
subservient yes yes a stream how does
rich sound compared to me can you hear
him listener Oh God Rach are you still
sniffling I feel better but there's
still like lingering side effects of
children sure absolutely I think that's
what happens once the weather gets cold
you get your first cold and your snot
doesn't go away until it's summer again
I will call for a month after I've had a
cold yeah yeah okay
my cough really likes to linger which
I'm gonna call fright now hold on okay
octo Jay says sniffles notwithstanding
you sound great
oh thank you yeah so you went you went
you went the binding of issac round huh
well I was I was gonna start with FTL
yeah but then you said you weren't gonna
come later and I
ever that today is the year anniversary
of binding of issac ah ah it's on sale
for a dollar on CMAs top and I st.
figure to be saving your binding of
issac energies for rebirth I it won't
matter I will still play the first game
when rebirth comes on I will play both
games in tandem I [ __ ] love this game
ranch that'll be something if you could
like like have both games open up in two
separate windows and have them linked to
the same controller oh my god like try
and play both games at the same time see
if your head explodes
I could play oh I probably could I could
probably have both games running I have
one playing through the controller the
other through joy to key and see if I
can oh my god Richard genius you are a
genius
these are the kind of crazy ideas I come
up with I'm the guy who says luck let's
watch all three Transformers movies at
once
hearing I'm hearing that my audio is
cutting out hold on for a second I just
need Apple button my god rich I'm fine
of fun you're fine okay now everything
should be fine okay though get back to
it
all right the rich you were building
props yes today yes how did that go
did that go well what petites tedious
tears down [ __ ] you uh tedious yeah all
right so it's not a super-secret thing
I'm working on but I'm still not gonna
talk about it no no I I don't think we
should talk about it I just want to just
want to get you talking in general I'll
just what's going on with your world
have better pills we want I Dream of
Jeannie who would win in a fight Jeannie
or or Samantha from bewitched this is a
conversation that to sixty-year-old
mention that's that's what you know what
that's that's what amuses me that's why
I'm driving the conversation of that
direction because I'm smiling I think
about us talking about be winched and I
Dream of Jeannie in a stream full of
sixteen year olds so for those who don't
know I Dream of Jeannie is about a
husband who marries a genie well
actually he's just an astronaut who
finds a genie on a beach you're not
married and I think eventually they do
but certainly not in the early seasons
he actually doesn't want anything to do
with her he finds her to be a nuisance
because he's he is the dumbest man on
earth who sees no benefit to having aid
all-powerful Genie who wants to do
whatever he wants to do like he can't
see any benefits in that because he's a
[ __ ] and by the way like a super hot
scantily clad genie yes yes bewitched is
about a small weaselly little man who is
very insecure about his much more
talented smart and incredible wife so he
feels the need
to suppress her and tell her she can't
do any of the things she's good at
because it makes him feel bad about
himself by the way it did everyone just
see that [ __ ] I've the safety cap
which means that I get better a better
pill drop and I just got a pill and it
was a bad bill [ __ ] I call
shenanigans rich I'm calling shenanigans
Jack I'm so sorry about that thing I
haven't seen yet
well you're gonna see it in a second um
and it's shenanigans it's straight-up
shenanigans it's like an ex-con when you
lose the 98 percent shot
I you know I I've come to accept I don't
I don't I don't cry when that happens
you have to you have to plan for that
happening every now and then you have to
be prepared for it oh my gosh these are
giving their ages yeah and I'm sure
they're accurate 113 9001 sounds good to
me sounds right to me everything
everything sounds great
all right I'm a little boned my shot
speed went down and my movement speed
went down so I'm slightly boned I'm
sorry I still have powerful shots
oh my gourd sorry sorry No hey do what
you got to do I'm gonna take this fork
back cuz this safety cap didn't do me
yeah this pork I think gets me hearts or
something I know going into a boss room
right okay you know we probably
shouldn't talk about something as dated
as B which is what I'm saying
have you played much pac-man lately
thank you I have not I don't have a love
for pac-man that you have pac-man went
on sale on Steam
there's a fancy version I saw that yeah
I hate the newest one they changed it
too much
it plays weird instead of instead of
like for ghost chasing you there's a
long conga line of ghosts it's like it's
like they merged pac-man with that that
old windows snake game where you know
the snake eats the apples oh yeah oh I
love snakes thanks yeah it's a it's like
they mixed pac-man with with snake okay
yeah weird it's not terrible but I don't
like it as much
I'm with you my aunt had a miss pac-man
art Edmund nice growing up it was the
greatest she had a couple arcade
cabinets it miss pac-man
she had Popeye Popeye arcade Jim you get
that one and I I actually grew up with a
standard pac-man arcade cabinet because
that was one of the things and my
grandmother's funhouse all right that's
cool this green thing looks like
something I want
stream they're about to see this green
thing I'm standing next to I just see
you standing next to a heart and some
blood yeah it'll catch up guys they
agree I think it's the green thing
you're talking there's a green thing
what does that do
I don't know they tell me I can I don't
I don't have another window doh look it
up okay
do you want me to look up binding of
issac green thing now they'll tell me
okay oh I think it's the common cold is
a good item don't get the cat okay yeah
poison yes poison damage oh that's a
great item and someone's Sigma is my
audio how [ __ ] is my audio they saying
I'm cutting in and out I'm listen you
want skype so I don't know what it's
like on the stream sure sure hold on for
a second let me open up my settings yes
you're sounding weird on skype though
you just started sounding weird I just
started saying where oh like minorly
echoey okay give me a second here okay
okay get out of here nope all right I
just I just switched to this stream for
bet you sound okay to me okay you guys
know I'm not getting the cat don't worry
guys I'm not getting the cat you've
already gotten a cat yeah I've not been
to your house since you haven't you
Govan you missed you missed quite a game
night last night wait um
wait the resistance have you ever played
the resistance resistant no okay the
resistance is a game very akin to
something like mafia we're okay we're
you you have good guys and you have
spies and basically the the point of the
game is try to the spies want you to
lose and the good guys want you to win
and you just have to figure out who the
good guys in the spies are it's very
simple so bad I Dream of Jeannie you
[ __ ] so the question is who would win a
Jeep or a win
uh yeah you have to give to Jeannie and
we know that the Jeannie's have and I
could we're playing by Dream of Jeannie
rules not see this this and theory she
does but on the show everybody is just
stupid I mean she could solve every
problem they have on the show just like
that right
she never does because you know that
wouldn't be an interesting show though
I'm so on paper I think she's more
powerful but as far as how its depicted
on the show
no not really well that's that's all I'm
asking is whose Genie rules are we
playing by cuz if it's Aladdin Genie
rules then the genie can only do what
other people ask we're playin of III I
Dream of Jeannie rules okay and she can
do pretty much whatever the [ __ ] she
wants yeah absolutely
she doesn't need she doesn't need
somebody to command her right right okay
well then then I agree I think the genie
wins anywhere so many so many things we
give you're talking about the thing that
you decided that you I know come on Jack
you could you could steer the
conversation to any direction you would
like no I I I'm gonna allow it I think
the chat is your oyster
can we talk about oysters I've never
eaten an oyster and I don't think I
would like oh no I had one once and I
never will
well I think you're allergic to
shellfish right uh fish fish
I avoid shellfish because of my fish
allergies so right you have a general
fish allergy yeah anyone who doesn't
know rich Evans is allergic to
everything
I assume I'm allergic to something until
I've had it basically okay oh [ __ ]
I got hit by a thing that's why I said
[ __ ] Ellen's you're not oysters just
look like the most disgusting things I
never won eat one I had a muscle once
and it was I want that I got a thing do
I want this thing sure why not
I can't even see it I'm sure that sounds
that sounds marvelous
Oh jack right click volume control
action volume settings they're saying
they're having some trouble hearing me
hold on okay I've just turned up
settings microphone noise gate you guys
should be hearing me just fine I don't
know I don't know what's happening I
don't know why it's happening but there
I just changed your thing how about now
can you hear me now jack is dead
two things in all directions not better
than the book okay not better than the
book your audio is getting worse jack oh
my god I hear you jack
they're rich Evans what's your favorite
aphrodisiac I don't need aphrodisiacs
that's funny that's fine okay hold on a
second guys
Yuni if you need an aphrodisiac you got
problems that's a right dog yeah sound
is fine sound is okay okay great
everything you know what guys everything
I'm sure is fine I don't care how about
that I'm a bad okay I'm just gonna I'm
just gonna talk for a little bit about
kind of a name [ __ ] while I listen
to myself yeah yeah I just heard myself
say everything I'm sure is fine and it
sounded [ __ ] fine guys you guys in
your audio issues sometimes I'm not sure
whether you're being 100% honest with me
I'm putting that out there I know that
might be a harsh thing to say I'm not
sure on your intent go okay how do I
feel about elf single worst series
finale of all time what was the series
finale of it he gets captured
they had like ended the whole show on a
cliffhanger but the show didn't could
pick back up so elf actually ends with
elf in a cage in government custody shut
up no that is hilarious
yeah that is absolutely hilarious did
that what was that like purposeful
cliffhanger like they thought they were
yes that was them wanting to be picked
up and they they left it off in a
cliffhanger and they never got picked
back up that is too funny
I I know yours and like like 15 years
after the fact I made like an alpha TV
movie that I'm assuming the dresses the
cliffhanger but I have not seen it 15
years after those reunion type shows
your elf thing on TV I'm assuming that
addressed the cliffhanger but I don't
know can I just say that that sounds
like the lamest
I'm an Alf reunion show Elvis fine you
heard it here first folks [ __ ] you I
might lose this I feel really awful I
might lose this yeah yeah shut up ray
even what a perform I have won it before
but you know I want to I want to do good
I want to do well oh [ __ ]
how far you got me I'm pretty far well
then you've done well yeah but I want to
win I want I want the lamentations of
the women all right I haven't been
coughing much lately until I started
this stream there's something about you
Jack that just makes me sick apparently
brave great well I'm sorry
or I'm not here we go we got ourselves a
gambling machine not helping me out here
I need some hearts [ __ ] hearts and I
need some pills I need some good pills
need some pills here not helping not
helping
you [ __ ] machine I'm gonna kill you
oh good a bomb this is binding of issac
Jack I can't help you here I know that's
okay I'm gonna blow up this machine and
it gave me oh yeah half hard I'll take a
half a heart it's in here
now go Oh more hearts I'll take hearts
and I'm gonna blow up to you two
I'm just gonna blow up everything give
me your shoe a pill
whoo speed up thank the Christ I needed
that
no I'm not gonna risk that all right and
yes I know I left a heart in there but I
only have a half a heart now so if I
filled up it would almost be as if I'm
wasting a heart so I'm gonna wait till
them down a full heart then go back and
pick up that whole heart that sounds
like a plan Danny well you know I'm to
anyone paying attention people in the
chat may or may not be like oh you
missed a heart and I I did that
purposefully rich are you dying I I wish
I wish that's not true
Jack I spend my days watching I Dream of
Jeannie reruns okay that sounds like a
fantastic time you'd be had by all
I don't understand what the problem is
rich what do you think of the Poseidon
remake
I'm what is the Poseidon original like
the Poseidon Adventure is that what
that's reference to I I can't answer
that question because I don't understand
it that's my favorite reaction I can't
answer that question because I don't
understand it I believe you we're doing
we're doing better feeling like we're
doing better [ __ ] I say that and I just
got blowed up
get out of here fly
people keep asking us if we played
such-and-such a game and with the
streams and the show we've we've played
so many [ __ ] games now you can't get
to everything you know right dammit
dammit dammit dammit dammit dammit
dammit No you know and we'll try you
know like we will keep trying to get to
everything and you know when you find
something you like you don't want to
switch right away I mean like I we you
know next episodes on it guacamelee I'm
I want to keep playing guacamelee I
think it's great it's it's a great game
mmm
you know we'll talk about more than the
episodes actually Donvan oh yeah I guess
spoiler spoiler alert for the episode
we've really enjoyed guacamelee damn it
but what you'll notice up here I have my
mouse waving around right now what
you'll notice up here is this is one of
those all the levels are procedurally
generated and this is a massive dungeon
there you the levels are normally not
this big this is this is an extra big
one that you get every once in a while
so this is extra hard I'm a little boned
I'm running low on hearts but that's
alright we're just gonna keep going
power through how much how much further
do you have to go you have a couple more
levels I have no recollection of what
level I'm on Amanda cropland I don't
have a good grasp on how far I am I have
more I at least have three or four more
levels to go the guy's saying he played
guacamelee for an hour and got bored
you've only played that for an hour
you've you've hardly gotten any of the
combos and the moves and what yeah so so
there's a lot more to that game no no
that's yeah give it a little more than
an hour bud
I mean I guess I got a lot sooner than
an hour I'll say that yeah absolutely if
you're not if you're not drawn in by the
world if you're not drawn in by the
world and the animation what's what's
going on in your life man you gotta you
gotta rethink some things yeah the
animation is great
animation is great yeah and the
animation the animation is my argument
as to why not every game needs to have
3d graphics yeah and I can be with you
on that but it's like the the world the
style is the thing that should be
carrying you over the learning curve
that first hump of your figuring out the
mechanics it should be the art in the
world and if that's not doing I need to
find my way out of here I am so [ __ ]
I've gotten decent at the game I'm
thinking about trying to do a no death
run I'm guacamelee yeah yeah oh my god
that would be intense I actually came
close last night I only died on the
volcano stage you tried out a no death
run I'm not I'm not counting those those
platformer ones are you mess up and you
fall into the water and you teleport
back to the I'm not counting that as a
full death but I mean it's kind of a
full bath no no you just got a pool from
your back on the pot so you think so Ian
guacamelee the game the game doesn't
treat it as a death when you die there's
like a little skull and crossbones that
poof's up yeah and you you start on a
different screen that's that's different
than like the falling off of platform
thing where you just kind of go beep and
you're right back on the last platform
you stood on so I'm not counting that I
wasn't painted the bridge I wasn't
paying attention and I got hit that's
fun
is it fine I don't care yeah I know fine
for you no it's not fine for me oh [ __ ]
oh my god I'm gonna die I'm gonna eat it
I'm gonna [ __ ] eat it
where the [ __ ] is the enemy I need I
need an exit I need an exit that's a
matrix reference right I need an exit
that was the thing that happened in the
matrix oh [ __ ] yeah heart you need to
find the exit we need to look for the
deja vu wasn't that it
it was sad no that was just a telephone
was the accident was the deja vu thing
that was the glitch in the matrix that I
proved to them that some day that
changed something okay okay
it does not carry over saves from gold
and treats it like an entirely different
game as far as the guacamelee gold
versus super turbo mega edition but the
game sure enough you know whatever super
turbo adds like 20% more content Oh
easily yeah there's there's new areas
and whatnot [ __ ]
Oh Mitch Evans I hear clubber Lang has
better XCOM skills than you well you
know what I pity the fool huh I'm sorry
you pity the fool wasn't clubber lang
Rock III wasn't that mr. T wasn't that
clever laying that that character
am I just wrong no I don't remember uh I
mean if it was that your pity the full
reference was was spot-on and
well-earned I just I have no idea I
thought you were just making a generic
mr. T reference okay okay Oh [ __ ]
yeah okay I found I found the last boss
chat cat is confirming I am right it
just Jax Jax uncertainty I wasn't sure
well did I make a big mistake and make
an idiot out of myself like oh so was
someone saying that clubber Lang had has
more Skills than you was that a joke or
or is there actually think somebody was
setting me up to say I pity the fool oh
I think but I'm not sure oh well that
would be nice if they were if they were
said yeah that'd be really nice of them
oh my [ __ ] I died I wasn't paying
attention rich rich yeah one heart Jack
I think you need to pay full attention
to what you're doing rich I wasn't
paying attention
rich what are you dead no I'm dead oh
you're dead okay watch me die in a
second here oh yeah yeah you're dying no
god dammit sorry
oh I miss merch the beautiful birthday
of Isaac why yes a game you're supposed
to dial on him you
you played true to the spirit of the
game Jack I know I know but I have
enough hours in the game where I
shouldn't I shouldn't have died like
that not like this like this cuz it's
because you're talking it's true it's
true
arcing takes some brain power
I think you're right I think you're
absolutely right
brain power who needs it who needs it am
i right unless you're like a Kardashian
or something no nothing
all right I was I was drinking some beer
while you made your Kardashian joke yeah
I think the Kardashians are fine
businesspeople who understand the their
brand and their need to fill Americans
life with their particular brand of
idiocy can I tell you a Kim Kardashian
story you can but you know you know the
honest truth I've I've never watched
anything with these people in it I have
just heard of them I would I have I've
seen no interest in actually tracking
down something that the Kardashians were
in or responsible for or had anything to
do with but tell me about your
Kardashian story I have a congrat where
someone is telling me to read octa J's
message to me
Ilan yeah on your skype option going to
your skype options and uncheck the auto
adjust ba oh oh they think my audio
problems are is a skype issue where do I
gonna change this no it's in it's for me
oh it's for you it's for me octo J I'm
on a toll on go into your Skype options
and uncheck the auto adjust box from
your mic alright Skype let's see here
Skype tools options your own sounds no
audio settings okay guys I just
unchecked it I am unchecking it for
myself as well okay I think people are
gonna hear me a lot better not in fact
they might be hearing me too loudly
because I was messing with other things
that's right the Kardashians are a
threat to Bajor Thank You octo J sorry
for not paying attention I would
obviously I was behind the game so I'm
not I wasn't paying attention
and I apologize to everyone everybody
asked me about this every stream I have
not tried Z no not yet what what
prompted my statement earlier about not
not having time to play all of these
games we have to play now I I would like
to i I am going to get to it someday I
am I am very much aware of it very much
again I want to play even and just just
things ready for the show and whatnot
and its kind of game I don't want to
just play when I can squeeze like an
hour to in sit down and get into that I
don't want to write why I got I got I
got an hour and a half now see you when
we cram it as much time as I can with Z
no nuts you know yeah that's not right
first of all um I will continue talking
about that I would like to give a shout
out and I thank you to lunch bucket
Larry he's the one who came up with a
Skype issue fix so thank you and by the
way I totally agree
we you know we play we dedicate
we certificated oh sorry you go ahead no
I accidentally had the stream audio on I
must say yeah I got confused for a
second I could go on I'm sorry jack no
no and I was I was gonna continue with
your thought which is we dedicate a good
portion of our time to play a specific
game every week then we do the games for
the stream which is not the same as just
enjoying a game for yourself even though
I yeah crazy enjoy like doing the stream
and talking with all you guys and and
playing a game while I'm streaming I and
I really love it but it's not the same
as sitting down with a game by yourself
and so finding time to do that is a
little difficult nowadays but totally
not complaining but you know it just
means that some games you got to make
time for like maybe Zeena not some rich
yeah I know
hey take a vacation so I can play it or
not
absolutely absolutely okay hold on I'm
gonna go um I'm gonna go refill my snack
and then we're gonna make another Isaac
run and then we're gonna play something
FTL that's what's gonna happen might
only actually just for you break here or
somebody has a question about the
guacamelee gold and upgrading it yeah it
does treat Super Turbo Championship as a
different game but if you own gold they
do give you a discount on it I think I
think if you own gold that the Super
Turbo Championship Edition is like six
or five dollars I think I think I want
to say $5.99 but I'm not a hundred
percent sure in any case it is like a
66% discount if your own gold yeah yeah
that's really nice okay well and you
know Richie you keep talking to him cuz
I'm just gonna run to the kitchen aback
I'm gonna run a commercial oh my god I I
can't I can't I can't pull the entire
conversation on my own legs you have to
that's crazy talk I'm running a
commercial it's gonna be awkward alright
god I'm hoping it's awkward it's more
funny that way run your commercial I
already ran it I'll be right back okay

[Part II]
uh-oh Jack awkwardness awkwardness is
commencing yep what's up not much
working on things the studio today so
that happened
Marvel or DC you know you know you don't
have to pick though I I will say I hate
the way DC runs their universe I mean
you you yeah it's hard to get into a DC
not that I've nothing I've been reading
many comic books lately anyway but I
don't think I'd be a happy DC fan
because every year it seems like they
reboot their universe I mean it's hard
to get into a book when your continuity
is invalidated every six months but I
mean as far as me having a Marvel or DC
bias I mean favorite comic book
character or spider-man on my second
favorite comic book characters Batman so
you know I mean I don't I don't try to
pick a favorite team and stick with it
what about favorite teams that's how a
Marvel or DC oh sure and I was talking
about how it probably pretty frustrating
to be a hardcore DC fan when they reboot
their continuity every eight months how
many infinity crisis exactly the new 52
the new new 52 yeah yeah and it just
sounds like a [ __ ] but I mean you
know it was it was kind of the same
thing of Marvel back in the day you know
like you have your you have your x-men
you have your uncanny x-men you have
your amazing x-men you have your x-men
children of the atom you know they're
that's that's just comic books in
general and I am a Marvel fan boy but
keeping up you know you just got to pick
your book and stick with that's the real
thing and so like you know I I got back
into comic books I left for a while and
I got back into it when the ultimate
versions of Marvel superheroes came back
and I thought those were great because
you know it was a new clean universe so
at the same time they didn't have to
invalidate the old marvel
universe either right I mean I I thought
that the ultimate universe is just smart
mmm smart thinking of Marvel's part but
well and you know like like my wife
collects both regular x-men and uncanny
and they're two completely different
storylines and I would have the hardest
time keeping up with that kind of
continuity just like wait what Cyclops
doing in this one oh he's dead in this
one and no yes oh I'm sorry you were
trying to have rich time I'm sorry I'll
just keep playing who would who would
win in a fight question from the stream
okay Batman or spider-man spider-man
would mop the floor with Batman and
Batman is my second favorite comic-book
character this isn't this isn't like me
being like a by a spider-man fanboy
spider-man would wipe the floor with
Batman it would not even be close whoa
whoa rich I mean you're a [ __ ] Buick
he's he's got insane reflexes he's got
precognitive reflexes absolutely
dodging punches before they're thrown he
would wipe the floor with Batman's cape
and Batman attached that would be the
mop handle yeah yeah for all of Batman's
jujitsu spider-man the spider sense is
what wins out that plus plus the speed
plus the strength spider-man spider-man
is not an idiot plus the wedding yeah
yeah oh I I mean I agree with you I just
I like I like how worked up you're
getting about it I've given this thought
well obviously gobbledygook raises an
interesting question which is what about
Christian Bale versus Andrew Garfield
obviously Christian Bale is a
super-strong crazy person so he wins
hold on Holland is it an ambush or was
Batman aware before you can't ambush
spider-man yeah unless your venom so
like Batman can't even really set up a
trap right because the second that
spider-man gets close to the trap he
senses danger you understand so there's
nothing that Batman could set up ahead
of time that spider-man wouldn't know as
soon as he got there mountains of
knowledge beforehand yeah
if like in any of these situations sure
I think you have to assume that both
parties are prepared for battles but not
necessarily prepared for battle against
each other their everyday tools yes
their everyday carry normally carry
around with them yes so Batman you know
what we'll even give a Batman the
Batmobile because he rides that around
so the Batmobile crashes into spider-man
while swinging through New York slash
Gotham and they had to have it out
spider-man wins 1 and bi wins he gives
Batman a little wedgie and swings away
because they each other no no Batman
would humiliate but spider-man would
humiliate Batman and then just go about
his day absolutely absolutely Batman
might then try to counter in which case
spider-man will win again because he's
[ __ ] spider-man spider-man is I think
I don't know if we've ever had a bro
moment about spider-man but spider-man
is my absolute favorite superhero the
one recourse Batman would have would be
to find Peter Parker's identity and just
just expose him and that's not the only
thing Batman could really do to
spider-man I saw this awful I saw this
awful like new version of the Justice
League that's on Netflix mm-hm and and
basically that's how Batman stopped
Superman is just by calling him Clark oh
yeah okay okay it's a really awful it's
a cartoon movie like called like League
of tomorrow well I don't know what it's
called as awful
I hate it they make a lot of standalone
DC animated yeah yeah it was and and
that's basically how he stopped Superman
he just goes really Clark and that stop
Superman cuz cuz that's dumb but anyway
I'm gonna start playing well I'm gonna
try to Lord of the Flies we can continue
talking about how dumb Batman is look
there are plenty of people who could
beat spider-man but Batman is not one of
them mhm yeah he's just he doesn't have
the firepower like Superman he would
like accidentally break spider-man's
face yeah but but Batman no that's just
not gonna happen
can we talk about how much I hate
Superman as a character you can I I
won't agree with you well but here's the
thing
Superman is very powerful and I find
that in most situations the writers of
Superman don't handle his weakness
correctly and of course his weakness is
caring about other people okay obviously
obviously kryptonite is his weakness but
[ __ ] that because there's always only
around kryptonite apparently Superman's
real weakness is he doesn't want people
to get hurt he's trying to help
everybody and those are the things
you've read stories I I think the
problem is worrying about Superman being
overpowered I think the thing with
Superman is you want to see him be
overpowered that's the whole point is
that he just kicks ass but that's not
the whole point the whole point is he
kicks ass but he does he's doing it for
a purpose and his purpose is his
weakness okay you know like of course he
kicks ass and the the stories that [ __ ]
up Superman are just when he's in a
giant punching battle with an also
powerful alien those are the lamest
stories but the stories where he's just
up against some run-of-the-mill thug who
has hostages and Superman has to
figure out a way to save the day and not
get any of the hostages killed that's a
good Superman story mmm yeah yeah I
enjoy the idea of Superman but very few
have gotten Superman stories right I I
have not given them as much thought as
Batman vs. spider-man so huh oh god damn
it I wasn't paying attention again this
is gonna be a short run hey [ __ ] happens
you know I'm gonna try guys huh I'm
officially trying now I am ashamed at my
Isaac's kill right now I might just tank
this wrong
are you far into it no no take it I'm
taking it you guys have no you could
fight on and see how far you can get now
[ __ ] that like like in the true spirit
of Isaac you would fight on yeah no I
don't think that's true I think we
should just start over like that Isaac
would start over because I just did how
about that okay okay
money bet around better round already
we're dealing we're dealing much better
with this already come here you stupid
[ __ ] spider okay great
there's these 60 spider-man versus
sixties Batman sixties Batman operates
on such a level of reality that I that
that I can't even conceive of those two
characters meeting each other time when
you had things like like Batman and a
like a rainbow-colored costume for some
reason and that all sorts of weird
things yeah I can't even imagine those
two coexisting and 60s spider-man was
remarkably similar to modern-day
spider-man yes and so while I agree with
your with your knee-jerk premise of
those who do not exist in a world in
which they can exist together it would
still be spider-man
yes because sixty spider-man had some
deep [ __ ] going on I have all the
collections of the early spider-man
books not the actual comics because I've
got the Marvel masterworks edition of
most of those I think I got the Steve
Ditko run for sure and I do as well and
they're great and and they're they're
very similar tonally to modern-day
spider-man which speaks to how good a
character spider-man but it helps that I
discover that [ __ ] when I was fifteen
Peter was also 15 yes it was a lot of
identifying going on
true that
yeah I wonder I wonder how many people
get into superheroes when they're adults
is it is the is the answer nobody ah Shh
probably our superhero is just a kid
thing I don't I don't know the movies
are making people check out the comic
books I don't know that's historically
ever happened oh I'm sure it does I'm
absolutely sure it does I mean these
characters are welling alive because of
the movies the only reason I'm trying to
think of a modern-day Hellboy I only
checked that Hellboy because of the
movie yeah so so I'm gonna say
absolutely people check out comics
because of movies I think I checked out
Hellboy because Eric Larson was a fan
and I I I love Eric Larson Savage Dragon
was was great okay and I had never read
Savage Dragon but I enjoyed that the
Hellboy books there's some fun books and
I only got in I only read those books
because of the Hellboy movie which I
didn't think was that great but it was
something I have real problems with the
Hellboy movies I don't think that the
air mode El Toro
can direct action mmm and that sucks
because he's done Hellboy and he's done
robot Jack's part two and I think he's
really bad at action I'm gonna for what
does that movie called what is ruined
Pacific Rim yeah oh yeah so I've got an
eye on the chat here Scoob
no keep an eye on the chat they thought
of it I thought of what the movie was
called though yeah both Hellboy and
Hellboy the Golden Army while I thought
were fun we're really disappointing
because they were lacking they were
lacking some action that I like in my
superhero movies
I don't have I don't have an incredible
amount of love or the Hellboy movies I
have a mild amount of love people people
in the chat keep asking me about what I
think of current comic books I I haven't
I swear to God I have not been in a
comic-book store since one more day
which which it was my official last
straw really yeah yeah you gotta get
back in yeah it's you know I I like
comic books but it's too expensive a
hobby now that's really true like five
bucks an issue no I'm not doing that you
gotta get yourself an iPad yeah cuz they
have you know digital they have digital
networks and subscription plans and all
that who's he what see that's what Lisa
does she loves it comic books it's been
a while since I've been to a comic store
as well I will say that only because
it's got to have expensive which is just
the truth of it it's a it's an expensive
expensive hobby that's that's the only
reason I wouldn't like Ino AG
controversially during one of the
streams I I recommend somebody not get
into comic books and that's that's not
out of a hate of comic books it's an
expensive hobby
it really is Oh mom's pearl or Liberty
Cap okay chat what what oh my wife
what happened something happened what's
going on
Oh everyone I talked about how oh I
guess maybe I've never said her name
before well there you go
um my wife's name is Lisa I mentioned
that lisa has the marvel reading app
okay and the chat was just like Lisa
Lisa it's my wife who is really into
comics and now I'm asking them do I want
mom's pearl or the Liberty Cap yeah no I
need one of them now isn't he
Oh God being a being a vintage music
instrument collector that's got to be a
[ __ ] up hobby ooh someone tell me what
mom's probe gives you soul hearts
sometimes Liberty Cap changes your
mushroom go pearl okay yeah I'd live
with like a soul heart sometime so I'm
gonna go with pearl thank you what so
harms what do we think of why the last
man or preacher oh you like preacher
right
I adore preacher I want to borrow that
preacher might be one of my favorite
comic books of all time that's that's
counting the Watchmen yes I mean it's
it's really funny this is a really
really dark humor in preachers some
great blasphemy and and fun some Gras
blasphemy do you find some blasphemy to
be subpar was probably subpar blasphemy
out there I've never heard anyone
compliment blasphemy before I guess Jack
I'm I'm an atheist nothing no no and you
know I it's not it's not that it's I've
never heard anyone like go out of the
way to say ooh that blast meat was
top-notch
cuz its hysterical there's the there's
the inbred descendant of Jesus Christ
one of my favorite storylines a preacher
then there's why the last man which
started strong and ended weak it just
kind of fizzled at the end why the last
man uh yeah it's it's a wide colon the
last man yeah every every single last
male memo on earth dies except for one
this one th called Yorick
oh okay
okay that sounds great
what are new comics I have no I have no
idea this is a question to the chat like
what what's new in the comics world here
you got what you got here - you got two
old fogies who at one point loved comic
books right give us recommend to us the
one that we will read one thing and only
one thing and here's the stakes if it's
garbage we're done with comics forever
I'm not even thinking I'm not even
making that promise this is what I'm
saying I'm saying a little I will read
it one thing I wouldn't get into comics
again unless I had a shitload of
disposable income well no what I'm
saying is if it's garbage I give up on
comics for always for you okay right now
it's like yeah I still enjoy comics and
I'll pick up the odd you know Sandman
mystery theatre and graphic novel now
and again collection now and again give
me one give me one I would do I work
only in extremes only a Sith does ass
saga read this sorry did you just make a
I know I'm sorry
oh my god there's a new 52 Supergirl I'm
so into it oh my god where's your shout
out face eating cutie pie if you are a
new subscriber thank you for subscribing
I super appreciate it I apologize if I
didn't give you a shout out I was I was
playing a video game if you think you
think that why about that I just watch
you think that you think that's why
about being a new subscriber you think
you think that person just wanted a
second shout-out for some reason I mean
they're probably a new subscribe
probably a new subscriber is what I'm
saying
that's what
that's what I'm saying there is a small
possibility that they are an old
subscriber who we didn't give a shoutout
to streams and streams ago but if you
are a new subscriber or an old
subscriber thank you to all subscribers
and a another thank you to all people
who are watching us just in general
thanks to everybody thanks everyone all
the time how about them okay I have to
pay attention now all right
we got poop Richard got poop yeah lots
of poop okay we got poop and we got
things making poop but that's okay we're
dealing with it that's what I do here
you you can deal with the poop I'll just
sit back and watch oh [ __ ]
I'm dealing with it dealing with poop
one more poop mine sitter go one more
poop monster go get out of here get out
of here there we go
I [ __ ] dealt with that poop monster
like a champ great oh yes you did you
you really cried on that poop you go
Jack what am i dealing with a toddler
you did that poop good did I do my poopy
good yes you did read it I reading it
real or bros rich what is your opinion
of me oh you're fine you're fine yeah I
have no problems with you you're fine
you know what you're you're in the
you're watching us and and you you
didn't say anything horribly offensive
so you seem like an all right dude
or like he seemed like an all right
person so at what point did I become an
atheist I don't think I ever really
believed say the honest truth Church was
something I was always kind of forced to
go with I ain't never really gotten much
out of it and always seemed kind of
silly and just wasn't for me yeah I have
nothing against religious people by the
way my atheism is just it's a personal
thing my fiancee goes to church I have
no problems with it
it's just I'm not a believer you can't
make yourself believe and I feel no
desire to believe so I don't I don't
know rich that sounds pretty even-handed
and calm minded
I think you need some more extremist
viewpoints here yeah I know it would be
far more fun that way yeah
people people like it when they have the
two bugs the jar I think it's shaken the
bugs fight yeah agreed
yeah cuz that's the that's the one rule
everybody if you remember the one rule
is be excellent to each other that's the
one rule to rule to rule them all I've
heard they're making a third billet ed
movie that's I have also heard that and
I'm pretty excited it seems weird yes
they're they're old men mm-hmm do those
characters as old men that'll be fun
especially like Keano is now a pretty
accomplished actor like oh sure he's no
longer he's no longer Ted from Point
Blank
you know so it's it's that to me is to
me how Keanu Reeves is going to play
that character is more fascinating than
anything else you know I went to uh I
have there was a story I was gonna tell
I've lost it oh well okay that was a
great story Jack Oh atheism I went to
Catholic grade school I don't know if
you knew that about me I I did too for a
year and a half all of my grade school
was at Catholic grade schools so not
only not only did we go to church on
Sundays but we got to go to church
during school days too
it was mandatory joy yeah yeah no it was
uh it was great it was super fantastic
well yes believe what you believe be
excellent to each other Bill and Ted
part three you can't do this characters
as old men but that'll just that's the
fun part
it won't work it will fail they're
either gonna they're gay they're gonna
be so different that there's no point in
making a sequel or they'll just it'll be
or they'll act like they did when they
were supposed to be younger and it'll
just be weird he was what I'll say if
they acted like they did when they were
younger which they won't because if you
remember at the end of Bill and Ted -
they were a little bit older and a
little bit wiser yeah the video but we
have the last five minutes yeah
the last five minutes they were older
and wiser and rock gods you can't you
can't have those characters being mature
it wouldn't be the same type of movie
you're not making that villain said
comedy film at that point you're making
some kind of bizarre new thing but there
there is there is a story in there there
is a story of older and wiser Bill and
Ted perhaps they have made babies their
children maybe they're just there to
usher their children into their own
adventure maybe it's older Bill and Ted
being older and wiser and being thrown
into a situation that they're not
equipped to deal with yet you may as
well do a modern-day sequel - look who's
talking now whether the kids are both
adults and they just talk normally no
that is that I mean you may as well just
know rich that would be ridiculous and
by ridiculous I mean it's already in
production just from you mentioning it
in this stream someone who's already
working on that movie
yeah so congratulations rich you ruined
Hollywood
look look who's talking because they're
an adult and old enough to talk normally
and they do normal things
look who's talking just every single
rom-com that's out there maybe I don't
know rom-com I know we have rom-com out
of that they're babies yeah what the
hump just no because because the this
the main story of look who's talking is
the relationship between John Travolta
and Kirstie Alley it was a rom-com look
who's talking is a rom-com all right all
right listen don't quiz me about rom-com
son i hey you're the undisputed expert
of rom-coms thank you thank you thank
you that's a lot to me Jem's
what do i do oh oh I've messed up I
messed up bridge no you know like you
know how you do a modern day grown-up
look who's talking staple what you cast
Bruce Willis and you cast him as like an
adult baby he's like he's got one of
those fetishes no no walking around with
a diaper no you can't get it no no
that's that's crazy town oh how can I
lose again
I'm totally gonna lose again not yet no
you can't have him it can't be
fetishized but you could have Bruce
Willis as a man-child just as a man who
has no responsibilities or want of
responsibilities that could work okay
okay but is there any point in doing
that as a look who's talking sequel only
for name recognition sly this back into
the Bill and Ted three and how it's
weird no only for name recognition but
but Bill and Ted's had Bill and Ted had
characters they had characters that we
cared about and so seeing where those
characters ended up would be interesting
to me as a fan of the series
so as a fan of the the first two
just-just-just
why I'm taking my Ghostbusters stance
here not that not that Bill and Ted is
anywhere near as precious to me as
Ghostbusters but my Ghostbuster stance
is just let sleeping dogs lie
it's a good movie it'll always be a good
movie and it doesn't need a follow-up
yes
I'm gonna I can agree with you I much
like much like everything I think
there's a world in which there could be
a good Ghostbusters sequel got guts
going nuts just because Jack [ __ ] up
your shoutout I'm gonna give it to you
hey going good that's going nuts shout
out thank you for becoming a subscriber
I did a terrible job you know you did
great it's great I mean okay you know
great ish it's good I'm looking back in
the stream too when guts going nuts
listen Jack's playing right now I know I
needed that ladder I didn't have enough
money to buy the ladder Jack's playing
right now so I can't give shout outs I'm
sorry because once I start paying
attention to the chat I start losing and
I want to win damn it you got a lot of
hurts yeah I got all my hearts back I
really thought I was gonna lose but I
got all my hearts back according to octo
Jay they subscribe near the beginning of
this room oh then I'm sure I give you a
shout-out or maybe I didn't I don't know
I'm sorry guts going nuts I like you
guts go nuts
do you think Disney will recast Indiana
Jones you get old indeed if they make
another one they'll probably go the
recasting round because everybody hated
Crystal Skull we can only hope
yeah well that's not a one who cares if
it's if it's not you know young Harrison
Ford who cares it's different movie at
that point yeah but that's a movie where
it could you know like James Bond no
because there's there's dozens of
generic adventure movies none of them
were Indiana Jones movies I mean like
Alan Alan quarterman Minds what was that
one there's there's another knockoff
Alan Quartermaine's
what's his name Ellen's something in the
lost yeah whatever I need a shear
talking crazy town you are making up
words and sang them as if they're real
words I do that sometimes
most people don't notice I'm noticing Oh
secret thank you
LM quarter minds Quartermaine army
whatever whatever I don't give a [ __ ] I
mean at the point you're recasting
Harrison Ford it may as well just be any
kind of generic adventure movie with
with that type of 1930s hero you know
sure sure I mean but it's just it's an
excuse to make an old school adventure
movie an Indiana Jones you know but you
need to drag the Indiana Jones name into
it just because okay well just because
just cuz that's the excuse just like
James Bond like you could have just a
spy movie you know like yeah here's the
new spy but James Bond is the
institution like like the Bourne
Identity which actually did very well
for itself and didn't need to call us
off James Bond anything yeah but I
dislike you can you can make a new
franchise you go you can that is
possible it is I really disliked the
Bourne movies and they can be successful
put that out there yeah yeah they can be
listen I don't disagree with you I don't
disagree with you I'm just saying it's
not the worst thing in the world
Brandon branding is not the worst thing
in the world
yeah but they make it I'm not gonna give
a [ __ ] about it it's not for you to give
a [ __ ] about for everyone else alright
alright then you can you can come back
to the theater and complain about it and
I'll say well what did you expect
well it's one thing it's one thing if
they remake Indiana Jones in that you
know like James Bond like okay here's an
Indiana Jones he's young and handsome
and he's the he's uh I don't know who's
who would be a good Indiana Jones
nowadays I don't know Harrison well not
anymore but Harrison Ford's the only
person I can imagine in that role know
like who's that who's the hot young I
don't give a [ __ ] you know like what
what's that
through that role Harrison Ford made
that [ __ ] roll yeah but like someone
like a like like you're like Peter
Venkman that is not a role you can
recast them it does not work that way
you know here's here's my here's my I go
to just cuz he's hot right now like that
like you're Chris you're Chris Pratt's
you know you're star-lord yeah you you
know he would make a decent Indiana
Jones a little humor little little
suaveness just make a new franchise and
don't call it in the air Jones that's
pointless
that's absolutely pointless that's what
gets the movie made that took off [ __ ]
that's what sells the movie you need you
need to something to sell the movie then
you set yourself up to be compared to
the old Indiana Jones movies so make it
as good yeah yeah just like that just
like that just like that we just make a
good movie I mean it's easy I've made 0
movies and I can tell you how easy it is
oh my god you do have a be thrown out
fart bubbler are you a new subscriber if
you are thank you for subscribing we
appreciate it
by the way I really like the name fart
bubbler you know I rich why cuz it has
it word fart in it
do you remember American flat you laters
yeah you know you don't you wouldn't own
yeah no I do I would look I remember how
amused I was that you guys had to watch
it and not me in Indiana Jones was not
really a ripoff of other movies it was a
homage it was done in a similar style
every type of movies there wasn't that
an older series from 30s called you know
Indiana Jones
Indiana Jones cereals every no I mean
it's not the same
sorry that was that was in response to a
a chat person Oh what did the chat
person say uh Indiana Jones was ripping
off something I came before in
absolutely
all right well it was the unit's it was
a humanish okay it like much like Star
Wars Indiana Jones was a homage to the
adventure serials yeah you know you know
it was different between those other
adventure serials and Indiana Jones
Harrison Ford
well no no that's not fair Harrison Ford
Arison Ford was part of the reason thing
that was different but the real thing
that was different rich and you should
know this is budget sure they they gave
corny adventure serials a budget and a
gravitas to match the budget and they
made fantastic movies like Star Wars and
Indiana Jones so if we wanted to
recreate that Indiana Jones feel well we
need to do is find something that people
enjoy that's made cheaply that people
enjoyed and was made cheaply 30 years
ago and make it important and with a big
budget now so 30 years ago was was what
the eighties that's something like that
yes so what was me what was turned out
cheaply in the eighties what was the new
thing of the eighties the eighties
wasn't a decade where they turned out
things cheaply it was a decade where
they spent money on things no I'm sure
well but that's the thing you have to
find the thing that they didn't spend I
guess I guess I guess slasher movies
were made cheaply sure damn it that's
the worst powerup I hate my power up so
sure slasher movies that was an ad
staple absolutely but the slasher movies
existed before that what uh what did the
80s bring Joe this are you check I don't
know okay I don't know oh god I don't
know either
I don't know either and in films that's
right the 80s invented your teenage
coming-of-age film your risky best your
risky business you're sixteen Candles
your breakfast clubs there you go
you're you're Bill and Ted's there you
go so what we need
is for someone to take the coming-of-age
story seriously and give it a super big
budget your your tits filled Porky's you
know your your comedy sex adventure yeah
this is a horrible idea I hate this is
yeah I'm just I'm just letting you go on
um thank you thank you for letting me go
on but if this is a horrible idea
nobody should do this idea I've never
watched a man dig his own grave before
yeah you know I was I was trying to I
was hoping I could come up with
something to prove a point be like ooh
that is a good idea and I couldn't so
you know okay
okay failure is always an option how
about how about the big-budget remake of
I Dream of Jeannie I agree
trying to bring it around full circle
Jack I'm trying to this line of thinking
that's incredibly full circle Raiders of
the Lost Ark in 1981 hmm but then you
would just be see like if you omage
Indiana Jones all you're doing is oh ma
Jinga no Moz you're making a copy of a
copy hold on you couldn't come up with
something because the ad sucked gremlins
Indiana Jones Robocop a predator
terminator everything good came out of
the 80s we're recycling the 80s now oh
absolutely absolutely all right yeah you
know what grandpa future
gremlins creature films this is what we
need to register creature quite hard Oh
die hard you mean the best movie ever
made
everything good came out of the 80s 80s
are one of the best decades for movies
in my opinion absolutely
oh oh okay that helped that actually
helped I did something that helped ya
creature rubber puppet monster movies we
need someone to take a rubber puppet
monster movie seriously like gremlins
like gremlins which was already taken
seriously in gremlins Bouchet Oh tears
up [ __ ] yeah I'll take that you know
what you're absolutely right
did gremlins have a mammogram Owens had
a decent budget alright gremlins nail it
with thee Oh taking it seriously and
having a decent budget alright let's
just watch gremlins how about that
that sounds like a fantastic idea
what [ __ ] oh just dying I know you're
not seeing it yet
oh it's not doing well but there's a oh
I'll assume you're gonna pull through
and be this game with you that's just
that's the assumption I'm working under
right now I think that's a great
assumption let's make that let's all
make that assumption
[ __ ] except for it's totally not gonna
happen cuz I'm [ __ ] dying [ __ ] oh no
I'm gonna die I'm gonna die right now
I'm sorry no no I'm not dead yet it's
coming it's coming
oh here oh no I might make it might just
make it
rich why am I so bad at video games
that's a question that needs to be asked
cuz you're an adult defense I've been
not bad at this video game before I have
proof that I have been not good at this
video game before smelter wedge and knee
Elif for subscribing smelter or wedge in
the flurry is something something name
pronounced name yeah that'd like a very
fancy name let's got like 18 syllables
oh yeah I can I can I can make out
smelter smelter wedge in all Oh smelter
wedge in all of us there where else
there oh smelter wedge in all of us
smelter wide you in all of us that's a
that's a decent name yeah rolls right
off the tongue by the way
where it's rich what's it like working
with Mike depressing just horribly
depressed played Xena not Siena no not
not in the last 15 minutes I have not
we've already talked about rich and his
playing of Xena not rich I'll avenge 11
fold would like a shout-out for being an
educator in the American school system
shoutout to uh what is it Avenged
Sevenfold's 11e fold for being an
educator in the American school system
please try and do a better job in the
future please we need you to yeah maybe
you have a better idea than anyone it
exactly how [ __ ] we are do you know
how [ __ ] we are avenge 11 fallen the
the answer is vary by the way now
they're there they're asking about Xena
knots even more now of course they're
yeah yeah I mean that's that's the joke
now they got their joke now get out of
here
[ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] oh I need a better power
bridge yes you do go get a better power
object I can't why not these runs don't
have power up rooms play up play a
normal run I'm doing the challenges I'm
doing the challenges they're more
challenging
I I quite honestly just I do not have
drug stories to tell you I have
literally zero drug stories because I'm
a teetotaler so a teetotaler it's been a
while since I've heard anyone they
usually usually referred to somebody who
doesn't drink right but for me I I use
it because I haven't done drugs or drink
so you know that makes you that makes
you a mega teetotaler it makes me all
the the DEA's total or whoever totaled a
tea nice that makes me the Boston
teetotaler party does that make any
sense no that made perfect sense I loved
it a total teetotaler party yeah use one
bomb get to yes lady teetotaler nice I
can't take credit for that that was a
chat coming oh well
teetotaler the cat lady by who said that
I don't know somebody said it before but
home home town markup said that well
it's a good one that was a good that's a
good rent
get him flies get him [ __ ] dime I
[ __ ] died my mic awful I have not
been coughing this much just maybe it's
cuz I'm talking loud yeah like yelling
yeah
I'm really upset I'm really upset with
how poor I'm doing I'm not I'm
completely neutral the hub poor you're
doing is fine I feel I feel like I'm
failing the game I feel like I'm failing
yeah and that's that's more important so
not true you should feel good rich we're
living the dream
whose dream I don't know but we're
living in oh do you know what story I
was gonna tell look Mike Kim
Kardashian's story oh okay yes you
already remember that from eight hours
ago
remember that form eight hours ago I
have a I have a Kim Kardashian story and
this is why by the way I give I I won I
respect Kim Kardashian for her crude and
amazing business sense and - I think Kim
Kardashian is a lovely lady so here's my
Kim Kardashian story okay we were doing
this video it was a high it was one of
the high five montages it was high five
Super Bowl and at the time Kim
Kardashian was dating a good footballer
named Reggie Bush who was playing in the
Super Bowl okay so as we're in we're in
Miami for the Super Bowl
this will give you an idea of the year
whenever the Super Bowl was in Miami
we're in Miami and our job to make this
video it was the video consisted of two
guys high-fiving and then whenever we
could we would get a celebrity or an
athlete in the video and people were
down there for the Super Bowl so Kim
Kardashian is down in Miami because
Reggie Bush is in the Super Bowl or in
the Pro Bowl or something I forget
doesn't matter yeah our people talk to
her people and she says yes I will be in
your high-five video but we need to we
need to film it
in this shop in a certain part of Miami
and of course we say absolutely because
Kim Kardashian is a big name we will go
anywhere you need us to go in Miami and
as it turns out the shop was owned by
one of her sisters it was there like
boutique fashion shop and the you know
part of that is like okay you know we
filming the shop and they see that in
the video that's good business sense
right mmm and we film our little bit
with her where the guys high-five and
she's in it and I've never found came
before this I've never found Kim
Kardashian to be particularly attractive
because I've only seen her on TV and on
magazine covers but seeing that woman in
real life rich okay
god damn she is a very attractive lady
and and by the way I still see her like
on magazines and don't find her
attractive but in person maybe it was
maybe it was her just her pheromones
it's putting out even what is her what
is her personality like who gives a [ __ ]
I I do jack because I'm not a a mindless
the Ender tall okay okay I I want a
woman that I can respect in the morning
a rich Metis Morris Metis Morris thanks
for subscribing we super appreciate it
here's the thing I'm sure she's a decent
person I don't care if she's a decent
person I've I'm talking purely on a
looks basis I've never found her
attractive but seeing her in person
she's a very attractive lady um so you
know we we get our shots done with her
but her business sense goes beyond just
having us film the video in the store
because as we are walking out of the
store suddenly there is paparazzi
everywhere and they weren't there when
we showed up you know we showed up
before her and and set up our shot and
you know made sure that it would be a
quick five minutes cuz that's what we
promised all celebrities it'll just be
five minutes
as we leave all the paparazzi's there
they're taking pictures she she does her
thing and leaves right yeah and we're
talking to the paparazzi it's like how
the hell did you guys know and they say
oh you know her she told us she told us
where she would be and I'm sure that's
information that they you know was not
normally that they would give up what
they saw that we were also filming
something so not only did she get
placement of our video of her sister's
boutique but she got paparazzi's to take
her picture in front of her boutique I'm
sure they tweeted about where they were
shooting these pictures at it was all a
business thing to get people to know
where her sister's shop was in Miami
okay okay and that kind of business
smarts has to be respected okay you know
she has a brand she understands how it
works she when the video came out she
tweeted it she did well by the video she
she's a decent lady so Kim Kardashian
decent lady smart business lady that's
all I got
yeah I want to interject there's a whole
bunch of people in the chat now yeah
they're defending Neanderthals truth
about Neanderthals is that they weren't
dumb they were sweet sensitive and kind
so apparently I'm not politically
correct because I just insulted me and
you're toast I love it there's nothing
else you need to know that's why Kim
Kardashian's story she's a fine lady and
and and by the way Jack's theme song is
is anaconda everyone is everyone is
making assumptions that because I find
Kim Kardashian to be attractive I'm an
ass man
and those assertions are correct
absolutely and yes I will play FTL now
we're gonna play FTL oh oh my god okay
oh thank god right right
but first let's all wish Isaac a happy
birthday for anyone who has not bought
The Binding of Isaac it is under $1 on
Steam right now go [ __ ] bhai it for
74 cents it's great

[Part III]
Transcript missing

[Part IV]
oh that's fantastic don't you think yes
yes I guess we should wait for some kind
of confirmation from the shed and we are
audible this is loading video so that's
really good
sorry just business what's gonna hammer
we just chatting along I see if
solitaire up that's wonderful that's
just wonderful
so guys I landed I landed in Milwaukee
about an hour ago and and I get home I
got home maybe a half an hour ago after
and we're gonna talk about what all
happened with Rich's crazy debacle time
but I've been spending this time like I
wanted to show you something on the
screen and so I I thought I could just
do some like Photoshop stuff and be
really funny like that but that would
mean streaming on my Mac end and there
was all sorts of craziness and so I'm
just gonna play solitaire I don't think
there's even gonna be like any sound for
you guys except for us talking you guys
rich yes I tried what happened with your
computer well what happened was before I
had a chance to test any of the software
out you sent out a tweet saying that I
was going to stream tonight
that's what happened Jack I confirmed
with you and you said you were tweeting
it said I was going to try to stream I
said I wanted I was gonna download the
software we could take a little Mike let
me play around with this we'll see what
happens mom okay and then I I played
around with it and I know I try to think
you're gonna tweet it out III have to
keep the peep okay I'm not mad at you
but you know III was getting everything
set up and then I went to your preview
stream and I was just getting a frozen
image FFT l mmm and that kept happening
I thought well maybe it'll be different
if I do a test stream maybe it's maybe
it's streaming maybe just weird with the
preview I didn't know mmm III I tried to
stream then the computer it didn't crash
it just shut off that's the most like
mazing part I know like like it was like
power outage isolated to my computer
shut off didn't shut down it just shut
off I thought well well that's odd
so I restarted the computer mm-hmm let's
try streaming again the according to the
chat what they were saying was half the
screen of FTL as a freeze-frame with me
talking and then my computer shut itself
off again and I think open broadcaster
might be melting my CPU so at at that
point I gave up even trying to get it to
work because I don't want to be without
a computer right I try a solo stream
someday but I will need a new computer
sure this thing I built this myself like
five and a half years ago so it's it's
not up to stuff anymore
that's a that's okay but no I've been
chatting with everybody you have do you
have been honest I think everyone really
appreciates that from you I I opened the
chat up to some mass effect questions oh
my god you guys have been talking
finally got to grill me about Mass
Effect and then you miss my Batman rant
you have a Batman rant I had a Batman
rant old school classic rent yeah here's
here's here's the gist of it okay okay
cuz you know the Batman vs. spider-man
from that other stream came up oh sure
and I said you know Batman would be the
spider-man well this time I said that
spider-man is a more realistic and
believable character than Batman and you
know you might you might look at that
and say that's crazy these things the
walls yeah and he jumps 20 feet straight
up and and and he can lift cars
how could Spiderman ever be a more
realistic character than Batman those
are all fine questions my argument is
this okay
with spider-man you're you're making one
suspension of disbelief one yet you have
to buy
the powers and other than that
spider-man is a fully realized
believable character Batman is a a 12
year old kid who watched his parents
died he's also a millionaire super
genius hmm and despite watching just
like what would you think what happened
to a 12 year old millionaire who watched
to this billionaire who watched his
parents die what would they do what
would their reaction be as a human being
you know they would probably spend their
fortune attempting to drink they're
exactly what I said they would
eventually become an alcoholic or a
hedonist and they would try to drown
their pain away
absolutely but as a 12 year old Batman
has the the forethought to to not only
not be adopted I've read one explanation
once that he cluttered as a
twelve-year-old cluttered the system up
with paperwork so he wouldn't be adopted
I thought in the alfred alfred adopted
I'm kind of I'm sure you know they
rewrite history constantly with DC so
I'm sure both of those stories have been
true at some point and then the the the
fortitude as a young child to train
diligently for 10 years to become an
absolute expert in k

[Part VI]
this game dumb let's play another game
you you go and do that let's see what
else we got here
why don't you play checkers huh why
don't you play checkers I can't play
fucking checkers I don't want to play
fucking sugars play play Microsoft Paint
play Microsoft Paint
I just put Microsoft fade up and doodle
okay I'll do that
okay okay I can do this you know octave
J we are allowed to disagree about
Batman and spider-man that's a fine
thing it's a fine healthy thing is acted
a Batman er yeah I you know only Batman
- Batman is my second favorite
comic-book character hmm but he would
what Batman in a fight spider-man would
just just clean his clock I mean I agree
with you
best spider-man villain jack best
spider-man villain yes uh we're gonna
comic book yeah I work best spider-man
villain it's the only thing that matters
no no you know it's what universe you're
in ah oh man any even go any comic book
universe sure no I'm thinking I really
like um best fill and I'm gonna say I'm
gonna say one thing that I think is
really true that I know it's
controversial okay I really do think
it's venom okay yeah and I know you have
issues with Venom's backstory yes which
I agree is crazy cheesy here hold on
here's what I'm going to do and draw a
venom
here's some arms and here's a whoopsy I
messed up hold on here's some legs a
little venom later on this chest right I
have to erase how do i erase this paint
white over it nope that's black stuff
venom is limited to his look all right
if if todd mcfarlane didn't get bored
and draw a mouth on venom venom would
have been forgotten if Erik Larsen
didn't take that and exaggerate it and
give him jagged teeth yeah everyone
might have forgotten about venom it's
it's very true but venom I I preferred
that costume as spider-man's alternate
look venom and now that's been ruined as
spider-man's alternate look alternate
costume because of venom venom but
actually I actually love spider-man in
the black and white costume oh here
we'll give him bloody teeth he's bloody
to you
venom is the perfect spider-man villain
okay only a dress Piderman his his
backstory is when I was a reporter you
found the real killer and then my
reporting career was was ruined so now
I'm gonna kill you right and that's
that's horribly lame I agree that's the
weakest motivation to kill somebody ever
he doesn't necessarily want to kill
spider-man he just he wants to be
spider-man okay and he is the
supervillain that nullifies spider-man's
fighter power yes despite her sins and
that is huge because that means
spider-man has to learn how to rely on
you know like the the the big thing with
the venom arc is it has spider-man has
to rely on something he doesn't rely on
often which is his confidence you know
he needs to use his brains while he's
fighting experiment always uses his
brains while he's fighting no you know
but maybe he was relying too
heavily on on the spider-sense here's
the thing I'm gonna say I have okay
that's a fine thing in my opinion that
doesn't make venom best villain of all
time though you know it's hard it's hard
to thing but I keep interrupting and I
apologize please go on I'm sorry I will
shut up
it's all fine rich you do it you do
whatever here spider-man shooting the
web now the other thing I'm thinking of
is there's a really wonderful run of a
sand band
I don't think Sandman is a terribly
interesting villain but that a lot of
excellent writers have done cool stuff
with him there's a really cool comic I
want to say it's a Peter Parker
spider-man in which he runs into the
different sections of Sandman's
personalities that have all been split
into different sand people mm-hmm and
you know one is a little kid and one is
a woman and one is it is the tough man
and he runs into all these different
people that turn out to be different
parts of Sandman's personality okay and
I thought that was a really neat run so
no rich best spider-man villain I've
always been fond of Doc Ock and it's
just a classic moment is so it's just a
weird visual to this this kind of pudgy
guy with these four weird arms coming
out of his side's
I could I can tell you I'm you know was
I've also been fond of Hobgoblin how did
that one
yeah he's the Green Goblin done right
that that classic Hobgoblin terror in
like the 80s when they first introduced
the Hobgoblin that that was the shed for
me that was that to me that that is peak
spider-man all right I could get back
again I can tell you who I think is most
overrated villainous oh my um this might
be controversial oh my god hold on dear
but Norman Osborn is by far the most
overrated villain Norman Norman was far
more effective when
he was dead he was always like you know
the ghost haunting spider-man's past
though you know the one who killed Gwen
and then then they brought Norman back
from the grave and it's it's terrible
because he keeps trying to kill
spider-man and failing even though he's
like this rich man with all these
resources and Peter Parker's just like a
20-something schlubby photographer so
you mean Norman Osborn it's kind of like
Batman and spider-man keeps winning
Norman Osborn comes off like an idiot
who keeps trying to kill an ant with a
tank and failing coming back from the
dead was the worst thing that ever
happened to Norman Osborn mm-hm I'm
gonna draw a pumpkin bomb while you talk
about Norman Osborn I think I'm done
talking about Norman Osborn but oh no
I'm not my pumpkin Batman oh you just
keep talking about it I'm trying to do
people it for anyone who sees that I'm
drawing really wicked horrible it's I'm
trying to draw with the track bed let me
see if I can plug in my thing
a jingle dang over here like best
spider-man villain I think that's a
weird question because unlike certain
superheroes who rely on interesting
villains spider-man has never relied on
having like super fascinating villains
because it's all about just the yes a
struggle of the good character that we
don't care about it's about Peter Parker
dealing with being spider-man right it's
not it's not about the individual
stories that happened so much as the the
overarching development of Peter
Parker's life situations where you can
have like a super villain like I know
you know who's just a strong dude you
know like you can have that be a really
interesting story because spider-man is
not as strong as right now and he needs
to figure out
ever wait Ilana I had plugged in my
thing now okay I remember this one issue
it was like a joke villain it was the
walrus and he claimed to have the
proportional speed strength and agility
of a human sized walrus which would
actually make him you know slower and
weaker than the average person and he
actually beats spider-man because
Spiderman was too busy laughing at him
spider-man was actually crippled with
laughter and so then the walrus got away
no going going back to the Green Goblin
- I'm just smearing the Green Goblin
left and right tonight B being the Green
Goblin was the worst thing to happen to
Harry Osborn just just just as a
character mm-hmm like like I've always
claimed that bette the 80s was peak
spider-man and then the 90s came along
and there was the two major writers on
spider-man were I'm gonna pronounce his
name wrong david michelinie i think is
that how it's pronounced and he just he
just had no fucking idea what to do with
the character and I always thought his
stories were pretty boring he's also
he's also the guy who created venom by
the way oh okay and then the other one
the other big one was jam jammed jammed
metis de meatus de Metis but but he's
the one who killed Kraven the hunter
okay and every everybody at the time and
I don't know if they still do worshipped
his run on spectacular spider-man and I
think he's one of the worst things that
happened to spider-man because he's a
man who built his own reputation off of
killing off it's just iconic character
after iconic oh he killed Kraven he
killed Harry Osborn yeah that's that's
that's one of the major ones was Harry
Osborn he he made Harry Osborn the Green
Goblin again and then eventually killed
him off in a storyline and eventually
you end up at a point where you know
half the supporting cast is either dead
or a super villain and then suddenly you
have a Spider Man with no supporting
cast
gerrae but hey hey that that jammed
Metis guy he wrote some emotional
stories he also killed off half the cast
and replaced them with nobody this he
did not actually create anything that
was memorable he just killed off
memorable things other people make damn
dog yeah yeah you're getting real and
that's that's when they resorted to the
Clone Saga because David Michelin had no
idea what to do with spider-man and half
the supporting cast was dead clothes and
it's been downhill ever since
absolutely Owen saga could suck my balls
dude did what's his name what's his name
Ben Riley yeah Ben Riley we don't give a
fuck about you the first best birthday
present I ever had mmm was the issue
where he died it came out Natalie
Natalie did he die but he died by like
falling off of building landing in a cab
and dissolving nice and I just had the
biggest smile on my face that's the best
birthday present ever
oh yeah that is amazing mmm I drew a
picture of spider-man Green Goblin for
you okay with your green goblin he's
wearing red and black listen this is the
color palette I have also I couldn't
remember what colors oh my god you're a
spider man fan I am a spider-man fan how
could you not forget that purple and
green color scheme is good Green Goblin
you'd room's orange red and no he's got
a green face bitch oh my god it's been
the long day I can't remember things
okay I'll start a new one
what's the chat I I started drawing so I
stopped paying attention in the chat
what are they what do they want to know
um my green goblin Santa goblin I don't
know what the fuck that is Jack is
better than Rob Liefeld which is
accurate there's an accurate statement
rich confirmed for backseat drawer at
least he remembered spider-man's blue
fanny pack check records do an exciting
vision of the spider-man universe you
guys have no idea no one wants me to
draw a cock and balls so I guess what I
have to do that and then we needed a
little hold and beep bigger and then
we'll give them some little doodads
how do you how do you feel about
ultimate continuity I really like the
ultimate universe
I loved it at first yeah but you know
you know what ultimate spider-man's
problem us every storyline had to be
exponentially more dramatic than the
next and they never Brian Bendis I guess
never like brought it into second gear
for a bit and let things chill mm-hmm it
was always one thing and then the next
thing is the most horrible thing that
happen the next thing is even more
horrible happen and it just got to be
absurd but the first the first 20 30 ish
issues of ultimate spider-man I I adore
yes some great spider around
storytelling there I agree and you know
on for that what happened is it fell
into the same hey you know the the the
reason the ultimate universe was created
was to kind of clear the slate over all
of the convolution of past spider-man
universe is like white the
slate clean we're gonna start over be
simple and fresh until it ran 50 issues
and they started the convoluted story
line Mike as soon as there was there and
by the way there were clones and one of
them was an Ultimate Spider Woman
spoiler alert
you know and it's like it happened again
you guys it's gonna keep happening
that's what happens then I I know they
killed him and there's like a new black
spider-man now I can't comment on that I
haven't read any of it I haven't been in
a comic book store in years now so I'm
one of your age I know they probably
would have lost me with the death of
Peter Parker because I read spider-man
Peter Parker and once you kill Peter
Parker it's like whoa what am I doing
here well they could have the concept of
a black spider-man does not bother me at
all
I hope it's good yeah oh wait someone's
asking for boobs now a druid dick movies
how about some saggy boobs that's a dick
there's a dick and a dick button I
thought it was like a bird with stubby
wings
it's a dick okay well drop perky boobies
okay Boop oh I can you know what else I
can draw I'm pretty good at drawing just
a regular button
it's pretty good button this is the best
idea ever
I'm glad you're entertained I could be
sleeping now premium subscriber content
guys remember subscriber content is I'm
saving all of these images and well will
print them out a nice paper and frame
them for the next eBay auction I found
wine at my house whiner so I'm drinking
him that's fine I'm actually gonna want
to get something to eat someone soonish
you know hear the stream
thatneverhappened got out of hand
didn't ya I can't believe you I can feel
your surprise
I can't believe people are still here I
can't either I mean it was literally it
was just me chatting with people for
four hours yeah I think it's great rich
I sighs spider-man motorcycle yesterday
would you enjoy owning a spider-man
motorcycle here's here's the problem
with most spider-man merchandise as as
much as I love spider-man as a character
most spider-man merchandise it's just
gaudy as hell I mean doc do you agree
like like they just put like the web
pattern over something and then it just
looks bad I cannot remember the last
time I've seriously looked at spider-man
merchandise I'm gonna be honest with him
oh my god okay what rich what are you
drinking what's your what's your
favorite flavor of Mountain Dew I would
rather drink crab juice sorry speaking
of Mountain Dew the
I have a I have a can of surge in my
house do you remember surge no surge was
a popular soda during teenage years and
they've recently started making limited
runs of surge again and so a couple
weeks ago when a buddy came over he
brought over some tall boys of surge and
we both had one and they taste fucking
gross I'll draw a surge bottle it's like
it looks like this alright it's like
bright green so they'll bring back surge
but they won't bring back Crystal Pepsi
Pepsi okay I'm gonna try to draw surge
address surge here so it's a tallboy
surge like that right uh-huh
but up on the top here oh here I'll make
it a cylinder as cancer cylinders up on
the top here where you would normally
open it up and this area should be a
tasty beverage it's actually a big thing
of poop mm-hmm I'm drying some poop for
everyone
pooping this urge so you drink it and it
goes so that surge plus your tongue is a
tongue plus your time it's time that's a
plus equals did you know did you ever
watch that episode of Futurama where the
giant brains invade and everybody
becomes stupid didn't did that just
happen
did i just become stupid yeah okay
okay twitch plays pictionary think about
it
that would be awesome place Pokemon get
make it happen why don't you draw
something now and see if you can get
people to guess it you wanna play
Pictionary pick something start drawing
it alright like Italy no like a movie
title or something okay okay movie title
alright alright alright movie title and
I'm not gonna see you start drawing it
for a little bit right now I'm just
trying to think I'm just trying to think
like I think of a good movie title and
so pictionary I'm just trying to get you
to guess the movie title right yes okay
we can do this
yes I get this you guys will get this I
know you will
all right let's see here box boats now
shape the Titanic
no robot is that a robot wowie
oh alright I'll keep trying I'm just
gonna count keep cousin that's that's
pictionary yeah that's true Ironman
night he's got an antenna on his head
yeah who's got an antenna no one's got
an antenna are you talking about
not Ironman no it's not iron red
a lot you'll get it once again at once
you see this okay you guys are getting
somebody you're riding a horse
uh-huh so what's the first part
night-night horse Knight Rider no dick
the birthday boy gets it robot jacks oh
okay
shots he's a jockey dear I had to think
I had to take a little moment to stop
drawing cuz I had to ban someone okay
okay okay we'll try another one okay
let's see here
hi this is not this is not a best of the
worst movie okay I don't know who's
gonna be the best of the worst book I
didn't listen I that was the first thing
I could think of because I can draw
robots okay all right so this is gonna
be okay so I guess well well that we
have to narrow down a little bit don't
we do you want to so give me a decade
um eighties eighties eighties
okay I'm ready okay here we go all right
it's really hard using the trackpad I
can understand that I can't see anything
being drawn yet though that's okay
that's okay just started there's a beam
this big it's like beans it's the old
paint factory dead dead alive dead again
somebody's saying weekend at Bernie's in
the chat clue it's not rock okay Oh
Rocky five so a Michelle 87 gets it MHL
87 wins it's die hard yeah I know no
words in pictionary but this is this is
fun pictionary I was focusing on the
corpse you're focusing out in that
corpse you know why that's everybody's
problem okay we'll do a couple more here
let's see if I can let's see if I can be
really sneaky
oh man it's tough to just think of movie
titles
I could text you some ideas okay okay I
think okay okay ready what decade no
hints no hints okay we're gonna see if
you can get this is gonna be tough one
I'm gonna see if I can convey this title
in a picture bigger presh
balls space no no it's not you can get
this all right
they're making little faces so they have
eyes the crowd has eyes The Hills Have
Eyes crowd something with a crowd this
is gonna be great
okay okay I'm really excited about this
okay this is thinking way too long I'm
terrible at victory okay okay
okay maybe it's not 12 Angry Men uh-huh
something with Lincoln's Lincoln's
multiple Lincoln's they're all Lincoln
ordinary people okay so what what do all
the people have in common they're
smiling
yeah well are they happy are they well
the ones that are circled are happy the
ones that are sad
oh wait crank crank Oh Kisuke gets it so
now the thing that they all have in
common is that they're men but only a
few of them are good
it's a few good men rich be given the
chat can't see my my face hum but it's
happening I think what the real problem
was I gave up on drawing each of them
mustaches okay this is sleep deprivation
right here alright so now we're gonna do
a special new one rich and you can do
this in Skype Ridge yeah you can Skype
me the name of a movie and I'll try to
draw that and get we'll get the chat to
guess it um how do i Skype you the name
oh you're gonna mute me no no you can um
in the wall they're gonna hear it no no
in the window you can chat about me do
you see you can yeah do you see the
little um Oh weird
okay okay a word bubble thingy unless it
comes up in the anything but they'll be
fine oh they go oh man how do you do
that one okay I don't know that's the
challenge okay
okay okay so rich has just sent me sent
me a challenge
Richard just sent me a challenge okay I
got this I got this okay I think yeah
I'm going right by the way oh I'm being
I'm really being really bad at drawing
okay it's a shame we can't trade off get
your computer work uh yeah no shit
okay here we go those are just hands oh
I can't tell you I know it's okay Rach
are you watching the chat oh yeah I'll
pay more attention to the chat sure I
don't they've gotten it yet oh yeah I
can't imagine
yeah somebody is really close do we
count them no no it has to be the full
thing has to be the full thing somebody
else skipped right past it okay I'll
just keep trying to someone get to
Back to the Future Part two who are
correct Todd bug part 2 specifically all
right I think I think we can do we'll do
two more and then I got a I have to go
to bed that's fine anyway hold on I want
I want a little more wine because
that'll help me go right to bed so I'm
gonna refill my wine snack rate you
think of you think of a really good
movie title oh my god okay okay
how difficult do we want to get I think
I think the more difficult for me the
better right okay okay I've got what it
might be too difficult I will I will
text it to you okay
and then you'd some of your thoughts
okay rich is typing it out to me right
now
Oh what do you think did I get it I sent
it oh oh yeah yeah that's perfect
all right all right okay are we ready
for this okay
oh my god how do you do this that's a
great question okay ready okay I got
this I got this
you know you know I could pull this one
off Jack oh you got this
oh man this is gonna be hard uh-huh
uh-huh I got this though I thought I got
this most popular mspaint stream on
Twitch right now if they get a word
should we know Evie Anya got a Big
Trouble in Little China oh my god I
can't believe that that is some
crackerjack work if that wasn't just a
random guess draw for trouble by the way
well you know once he started big if you
should guess I guess I thought that it's
hard that was great
you see what I'm drawing for trouble how
does that come up yet I see a green
thing what does the green thing yeah I
was like Godzilla is it before you start
a drying Godzilla because that would
just confuse the fuck okay well do ya
you got to think of a harder one yeah
you have to think of harder words cuz
like a word like big is easy what to
draw I think all right all right what
about them oh okay okay okay yeah we'll
give that a try okay although we're
saving always okay ready and we go here
we go got this I got this
if my trackpad will work
yeah shitty wait
oh you haven't even gotten to where I
make it dark yet no father to Goodridge
they are way too good look you just got
to where I go where I made a dark I'd
say there were cheating but I have no
idea how no they can't be cheating they
can't see oh my god that's incredible it
is that's great
these people know their movies man this
is true you need to you need to be more
obscure I mean let me I think I have
something give me a singer maybe I just
can't be I need to be a worse drawer I'm
too good at drawing this is the real
problem
all right stray Oh your David I see you
taping Oh
dick the birthday boy says he has my
queasy bug I don't like that oh my god
how do you do that I well they've gotten
every other one in two seconds so
probably pretty easily
okay I dread him I'm gonna start doing
here then I might have a problem hold on
should be keeping score in the chat oh
we should
I think they'll they'll be able to
figure out after this I think
I'm paint paying attention to the trap
okay do that oh okay I know I know I
know how to do that
have you gotten there yet I haven't seen
yet yeah this is something my best work
yet not gonna lie that's head so good
guys don't even know how good this is
obviously
this is this is actually a tough one
okay
I can't believe you're not you're not
getting it from this Plus this
you might not know if you don't know
what this is yeah what's up I don't even
know if you're doing the one I texted
you yeah to be okay
okay do you not see it if you don't know
what this is maybe this is the problem I
think I said okay I think I see what
you're doing yeah hopefully this made it
more clear for them
it's my it's because I'm too good at
drawing
how long do we give it wait wait
something done with the whole title okay
and and then we'll start giving people
are saying lice so they're they're way
off no they're way right
is it okay I do you see what this so
what's the so maybe they're not
understanding what this is then okay
this is the problem there too there they
might be right on that second word and
maybe they're not understanding what
that first or it is oh oh okay okay yeah
you get it now yeah yeah
okay
you will see that I think I think the
first thing is unclear what that is
sure I could see that in here I'll see
if I can I'll see if I can make that a
little clearer cuz it looks like it
looks like you're drying plant oh okay
okay
that it's not plan at all no no it's not
playing at all oh crap
somebody said one of the words somebody
said four of the words all right
technically lots of pasta knows the
movie but uh elect let got out said the
whole title first what Wallace and
Gromit
curse of the we're reading so this is
supposed to be a wall sorry I thought
that was more clear obviously lyse wall
ice this is a grommet the little things
that go into the steel girders wall ice
grommet and then a wolf and a rabbit I'm
pretty happy I'm pretty happy with wall
ice yeah yeah wall ice wall is it makes
sense it makes sense but it was a girder
I know how do you draw a girder I see
that I thought that brick wall I'm
assuming it's supposed to be a brick
wall I thought your drinks were like
plaid and I'm thinking could I scottish
plaid that's called a wallace or
something i don't know sure sure that's
what i was thinking you were going for
like what is it I don't know maybe
there's something I don't know no one no
that was a tough one was that fun okay
I'll do one more here okay I got I got
this you got a title of mine okay I just
like yes heard you want me to just leave
the chat at it you can guess too if you
want all right
rich do the answer he didn't know no it
doesn't know love the last one Grey's
Anatomy is a TV show Grey's Anatomy is a
TV show
rocky 3 how many of them are there
rocky four-eyed little one look like a
hairball 3 rocks rocky 3 but what's
what's the hairball I know it's cuz I I
keep forgetting I have the paint bucket
tool to make filling in easier so I
tried to scribble it in though ok I got
one I'm happy about that
yeah I'm I think I got I have exactly
one more in me okay
all right last one chat last one rich
give it to me oh oh god my I didn't have
anything prepared yeah that's what makes
it fun umm oh dear what do we got what
do we got
I think take a take a look at my
collection oh I think I have one okay I
think I have one great has one prepare
yourself prepare for your minds to be
blown I like where we can hear you're
taiking yeah yeah oh my god one gift one
no no no I know exactly I know exactly
what I'm gonna do okay ready yeah you
got this about this
bill tool is my new best friend bill
tool is my new best friend the only clue
you get is that it's in my DVD
collection which helps you matter all
that's gonna screw people up I don't
have time to fix it sorry chair was
moving fast as a possibility somebody
said it and I missed it but
eeep oh god if you guys can figure this
out I'm fucked enough I'm fucking over
why did we let me do this there we go
okay there we go over here I got so many
guesses I could I could easily miss this
don't be hung up on the first one that
one's it isn't it is not terrible dragon
pee whatever that is it's not it oh I
know I know it's the second one really
I'm really sorry about the second
drawing like I really want to look at
what you're drawing but I can't I have
to look at the chip my second drawing is
really really terrible but it's all I
can do right now information is not in
my personal movie collection you people
know fuck yourselves okay this guy right
here this guy no one is getting any and
then this is more like a do to do to do
like that's a flower president not sure
you are the winner she looks like she's
got a smile on her face she's now by the
way
my new favorite game I want to play
and that's wait we can start off streams
this way I think this is a great day
mspaint pictionary is my new favorite Oh
made all the better with my awful
trackpad that's like running out of
batteries and I am a terrible
illustrator I know I think that's what
makes it more fun for me all right all
right everybody I'm gonna say this
because this is art and we're gonna
leave you on that but I can't believe I
can't believe that this happened tonight
someone someone in the chat said
pictionary so I missed her that was but
great we can we can thank the chat thank
you thank you for the

[Part VI]
all right
i'm trying a test here
is anything even streaming
nothing
oh, jeez
all right
well
that's not working
still says i'm offline
nope
nothing
nope
nope
nope
nothing
nothing
nothing
nothing
no
ugh
nothing
nothing
nothing
test
test
test
nothing
loading video
is something happening
is there, like, an eight-minute delay
you see half of a screen
oh, that, okay, that, okay
yeah, no
i don't know what the hell's going on
can you, can you hear my voice
weird
weird, all right
i wish jack did not tweet that i was going to do this
because now i have no idea how to get this working
supposedly, i've done everything right
but this stream is a freeze frame of ftl
god, this is weird and stupid
um
all right
i'm actually gonna play a little bit
i'm curious if it's gonna stay in that half image, like a freeze frame
or if you're actually going to see gameplay of some sort
so, i'm, i'm not really playing
i'm just kind of running the game
and, and we're gonna make a few jumps
and we're gonna see if there's at least any movement on that half image
that would be some kind of progress
all right
got some fuel
all right
i've got a few jumps
made a few jumps
is it still that static half-screen image
cuz i'm not even seeing anything in the stream
my stream is a failed to load video
