Nov 26, 2014
Star Trek Catan, K2
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43106445, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARPjWVvxHro
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43106334, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGOwgyR2Qbo
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43106017, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he35eSvdqPc
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43105920, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1D38ToO9DE
"Jack, Rich, Jay and Lisa will be playing Star Trek Catan... the Board Game" (archive.vn/yRgg5)

[Part I]
alright guys I've hit the start
streaming button and I don't know if
we've started streaming yet but we have
to find that out in this little window
it'll tell us if we've started streaming
or not oh I think we have cert panicked
assuming we've started it looks like we
have started streaming hi everybody it's
working cut out good it's working it's a
camera you guys we are doing something
very special today before Thanksgiving
usually get together with your family
and you play games we're gonna play a
board game
Lisa confirmed yes Lisa Jack's wife is
here say hi hi everyone so it's it's me
listen Richard Jay is gonna stop by in a
little bit but he said he doesn't want
to play cuz he's a grumpus because he's
a grumpy grub is he's tired and you work
all day when I play all day play all
night can't work all day and play all
day that's you know Rich's here biscuit
is here somewhere so if I could die at
any moment my body could remember I'm
allergic to cats and I will die oh we
were just about so we're playing we're
playing a very special version of
Settlers of Catan we are playing Star
Trek Settlers of Catan which is super
fun we were just about to pick who is
what color
can I be the red oh did you see that
catch everybody do you want blue please
I will be white because that's close to
what actual Star Trek ships look like
mmm that excites me so here I'll put
I'll put my little boy SHhhh my red ship
next to my name here so you guys can see
that Jack is the red ship
putting biscuit on screen you could jump
on the table
oh yes you guys want to say hi to
biscuit I need to find it first disaster
waiting to happen
yeah but I think that's what they tune
in for for disaster winning this I can't
argue with that they fail the hardest hi
real update I don't know if it is so I
can't put him on screen right now later
later
yeah rich guy have some of those the
backers LaBeouf's this is am a bumper
thank you
here are several more thank you oh I'm
gonna be that guy
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciated
you guys know I was just my computer
it's alright
so what happens if someone subscribes is
uh we should I should still see it
hopefully hopefully I should still see
it on this screen we're blowing settlers
oh that's right I need to update the
stream oh my god I need to tweet you
guys need to take care of so many things
okay I ain't touching that thing I'm
updating the stream this is very
exciting I notice it's a classic trick
and not next-gen trick
I couldn't fix them no your difficult no
well then where do you draw the line
there's only so many cards well the only
ones people care about her next-gen and
the original
oh the last time I played someone really
wanted a Janeway card why that one
yeah the gene wit card would be the kill
all the Borg a card even though there
are no Borg
oh I wish there were four little cube
yeah
okay did it work did we have take this
ring I don't know I'm just gonna say yes
yay we did it we updated the screaming
someone tell me if I updated the screen
where's my phone alright she can't see
what's going on but I'm just gonna say
yes don't you go up a little ship on
your cards there what color you are home
that's right alright that's perfect rich
okay now we have to do the very exciting
live tweet of the stream I'm very
excited
it's you know it's exciting it's
exciting times we live in
you guys can hear me type because
apparently the two people with me are
not doing good enough to have filling
dead air while I'm focusing and last
time we've done this I made a fatal
mistake right away dude maybe see our
next our trouble indigo will see those
roll or start explaining like how to
play the game I've been I'm a lot of
people don't know how to play I roll
only one I rolled it - you're all the
two J's here oh my god Jamie Jamie oh
there oh good it's now to get this
madness it's not too late to join in we
would be able to explain okay
cookies are the best
Oh Jay needs Oh No I'm still the oldest
are you still yeah but you get the four
because you go oldest Oh we'll discuss
the OMA okay so then just Jay get the
three okay okay have you ever played the
Star Trek version no I barely remember
the original version okay excellent
perfect okay well it's played the same
way except there's these really neat
bonus cards which everybody starts with
so no I need to show you where yeah off
cameras Oh so anything to fuck you up
but it was off-camera orissa didn't even
matter
okay right there anything on that side
of the card is off-camera
okay no you're covering up your name oh
it's okay
it's delayed I forgot it was delayed
there's a bit of another and you might
have just broke
yep I'll break it I don't know you
didn't break anything
hold on everybody we're still streaming
jay broke the camera with my end day
broke the camera with his head this is
electromagnetic field oh wait he did it
you fixed it next to Jay with my hand
with your hand a pair so I broke it and
fix it with my hand congratulations
at least I have a talent for something
that's certainly not making babies your
cookies can I see can we can we show the
the chat this is the let me find the
biggest thinnest one okay oh no it just
broke in half so this is my cookie
they're super thin I don't know why they
came out so thin
look at this what and their little bird
what is in it you can't have them I
can't handle butter good I'm kind of
peanut butter these will be sewed this
and we have a cat here detected
murderers oh and Lisa has a very
surprised a very fun surprise for
everyone
oh my god it's the cat okay that's good
I will not tell you this later okay
couldn't you be by my new thing do you
have wine last we do again Lisa I don't
know if anybody else wants anything I
just opened up beer but thank you
Caroline plenty refused to play the game
okay yeah it's very important Jay gets
his wine yes Jam rolling for you to see
if you go first
Rolo 5g tied you tied me jus just got
another side okay Jay got another phone
I mean well JC this is a good question
okay so Jay these these are starships
are your roads you remember there is oh
so the starships go I don't need a
refresher on this now okay I mean if you
want to do it for sure
well yeah for everyone these are called
outposts which were the settlements so
those go on the corners when you can
build a star base which was the city you
put the little saucer on top and that
becomes a star base a little yeah
where's the bar great so Jack's going
first everybody gets to place two one
starships and two outposts so Jack's
going first he's going to place a
starship in an outpost then rich will
place one then the old place one that is
a place both of mine because I've laughs
then we go back around back to Jack once
everyone is a place two of each
Jack will roll and
so if anyone was touching where's the to
somewhere where is it - where's the - oh
right here so if anyone has a starbase
on the - they would get this which is
food this is a food planet this is an
oxygen planet
this is tritanium the green is dilithium
the blue is water and then when it's
your turn you can build or trade with
people pardon me for a second shuttle
your face thank you for subscribing also
gay 4j thank you for subscribing your
username we know we appreciate you
subscribing I thought you were just
telling me to shut my face it was a
perfect busy one in that that
subscription we're talking almost ended
your marriage no everything's fine
ladies good things back up hey what are
you doing no I broke the internet I'm
gonna go first for Jack so I remember
that what is the equivalent of roads
roads are suspicious yep and now these
everyone has a special card and you want
to read it there's a special ability you
can use so everyone is different and you
can use it twice after you use it the
first time and it's on your turn any
time during your turn after you used it
once you turn it over if you want to use
it again you can use it a second time or
if you've used it once and you don't
want it anymore you can put it in here
and take any other one you want so
there's some really cool ones there's
one where I think you have Spock I you
up Spock I think does that that gives
you a resource if
role if any production role is not a
seven and you receive no resources take
any one resource card of your choice
yeah so that's cool if you don't get any
just take one yeah which is awesome but
only twice right but you can always grab
that card again later if it's available
there's no limit on how many times you
can take it if it's in there okay and
see and I have Laura I can force people
to trade with me to people and return
but I have to ask for the same thing I
can't say oh you know give me a
tritanium and give me a teller thing and
I have to get the same thing from both
people it's not that's pretty cool
what do you have rich I've got Sulu who
lets you remove a ship and Jack has
Scotty for starship building one time is
on your turn when building a starship
you can replace one dilithium or
titanium with any other resource of your
choice okay can I have one of your ships
that you owe and rich could you get a
ship back on your name and please this
is or else how will people know this is
gonna be weird good cuz I know how to
play regular Catan now pretty well but
there's getting readjusted to expand
your horizons getting adjusted to like
that just like that everything's a
different color you know like yeah well
I'm the different names for basic things
right let's say it's all the same
recipes yeah I don't build things yeah
but in just in the the training bases
are here to the port's so like there's
two to one water three one anything last
time we played I mixed up water and
oxygen so I thought that was gonna be so
great and I was like this water base
here then there were two oxygens like oh
this is gonna be great so I thought it
was oxygen and I put like everything
my oxygen so 2 to 1 and then I realized
when it was too late they didn't match
you got stuck on the quarter
yeah then I did not end well for you no
I just messed with other okay so we
ready to go oh no wait we have to
replace them Oh for crying out loud
oh listen uh the stream is working great
your OS your GoPro yeah I have my go for
anyone curious I have my GoPro basically
duct-taped to a school and my microphone
right next to it HDMI out into the HDMI
capture device going into the computer
streaming out this is madness it's a
little madness but it kind of works ok
so I'm gonna say it works let's see here
what's good what's good so it's
incredibly exciting for people right no
I mean nothing but acted so early on on
the game you need a lot of greens and a
lot of reds but later in the game you
need a lot of whites and a lot of Blues
so I think I'm gonna place here alright
done done in the regular one you do two
roads to start with right well you know
you only get to place one of each at a
time so you place one ago then that goes
around and then it comes back that rich
a place window place when Lisa Lisa will
place to the new obvious one dinar to
not please last so because I got to
place first I also place last I see
balance and God all right I'm gonna go
what do you mean how do I make this shit
there's more work more complicated how
it works
Cyrus you go no you're not sorry at all
Jack mm-hmm don't pretend you're sorry
to me like that you can see half of the
cookie yeah
here these legs they're very they're
very thin and dry I am I'm going to do
it I'm going to do it all right
I must start way down away from all of
you guys that's fine
yes Wiley 20 if the GoPro Falls which
it's very likely will yeah will be very
funny all right
okay that's fine
do we have more the old plastic faces
yes yeah I got a ton of stuff here with
nothing to hurt no it's not more by rich
Chuck no reason I could not blow up my
own boarding party in this game that is
an F don't try I will try to blow up my
own boarding party like I will fail
you'll watch me fail a lot I'm not very
good at strategy in general really I
just hope I get lucky don't
benson's J they're saying in the chat
that you come over to someone's house to
play games and you bring treats that
you're a real class act
and I want to go ahead and agree with
them not nobody treats but why because
it's the holiday season so I'm being
classy that's you know if it was any
other day Jay would just say fuck off
admittedly they are failed cookies so
the first bench that's the first time
I've ever made cookies completely by
myself yeah I've never done it before
oh but I would try it so J again
I mean I mean good on you for trying
yeah oh and I don't have to connect with
where no okay that's a good question
darker sausage you guys call it a water
fountain drinking fountain or bubbler
water fountain water fountain a Butler
bubbler bubbler is the one thing when I
moved to Milwaukee like as I've adjusted
from being in Illinois and calling it
pop and now I'm in Milwaukee a cult so
it uh yeah that was a gradual transition
but I've never transitioned to calling
it a bubbler know if I want that water
trade I can I can go right there right
well you know you don't have to go here
you have to go here cuz they have to be
at least one that's fine I mean that's I
can put one yes yeah water aid yeah
absolutely this is this is risky that's
a risky maneuver
it's a risky minute well I got this oh
yeah okay that was not me if I did here
I'm it was blue last night we played I
was blue and looking at the blue pieces
and I'm thinking if only like something
they've only got the color coded ship
next tier thing which color you are rich
here that would be less done everything
I do is dump dump dump dump rich when I
have to play Sarek this looks like Brian
Cox but I know that's not right I don't
remember his name that looks just like
Brian Cox suruc plays Erick even herself
actually I played with less time I feel
very stupid very stupid
you played a who okay I'm still I'm
still
oh you're reeling me from your reeling
from my gasp from your mistake sorry no
this looks so much more bulky than the
regular Catan Reeves said oh yeah you
guys can see this the little ships it's
really cool like the little detail but
it does make it a little more unwieldy
yeah than just a strip yeah a little
strip of wood yeah I don't have many
options here there you're right no
you're absolutely right I don't have any
green kind of very much so just did the
beginning of the game oh no and I'm not
placing this first so I can go here yes
yes okay
and
I was gonna say I don't like you
undermining me but you know just
undermined undermining another my ninety
undermining okay you said undermined the
other minor was the ship moving card
said you okay I have a shipbuilding card
I'm one time I might there and win build
oh I suppose I can go now place my eyes
yes okay you want to move ships already
huh phone I'm just curious
okay we were all the - hey all right
array huzzah I get food is there anyone
- yeah I think so okay well then I can't
do shit with food screw this game rigs
already six jackets
oh my good oh and I think no I get
something change thank you very much I
appreciate that
you're welcome demo weasel wants to know
how often we play board games
whenever possible whenever possible yeah
thank you for it I get three oh I get
agreed - oh my gosh uh yeah Lisa and I
play board games often we usually try to
have people over every other week for a
regular board game thing ten Rachel
stops coming when we got a cat but I
guess we proved him wrong oh I get a
thing guts going nuts no I will not show
you my house so you can further involve
yourself in my personal life
we showed you the cat isn't that enough
I think that's enough if maybe if
someone subscribes well show it will
flip the cat over so you can see his
face would my agree okay who's got wide
you got yeah I'm just gonna kind of move
my car together so you guys can see what
I got working um I'm just seeing if
anyone has rent if I can trade anyone no
nobody has that shit hi you get a water
and Manny the very king wants us to talk
about x-men Days of Future past
oh I told everyone 7th we disappear for
it well it's like these if you smells
really things you should talk about with
a seventh the Klingon ship oh that's
right we have actual game stuff to talk
about this is oh that's right that's
like the theme yes you put it in footage
I can put it someone somewhere and steal
something from them and you know we can
bribe you to not put it on us
don't you have anything I want see what
you got yeah I don't even have anything
I think I'm gonna hold off on the thief
or no you know no you have to have to me
you could you could put it just some
random like yeah you can put it right
here that won't affect anyone yeah okay
I'm just gonna have to move it a stir
it's too early to start you're so nice
you bring clothes and then stealing oh
yeah I'm starting off wait it gets worse
oh hey biscuit no relation thank you for
hey we really appreciate it here's the
version of the thief in this game it's a
it's a Klingon
d7 creature am I am i incorrect about
the name on that one yeah I don't know
little bit ability of there now
honestly okay so in this game if you
have any for one resource you can trade
it in for any other resource so I'm
gonna trade this in for a water here's a
food here is a oxygen and I would like a
development card please okay don't look
at the screen right now yeah the water
back but everywhere was like no you're
right here I think no I was never there
was it going this way so oh yes I think
I think sure sure sure it's fine oh no
you're done oh just for that J
everyone's showing their crocodile
brands shovel up Jam let's do what are
you my heart might say no cars watch me
shuffle
alright I've got another green yeah I
yeah I'm gonna if you give me five um
you can build oh yeah I'm gonna build
ownership where do I want to put
where where do I go what is my move well
you know don't forget about these lovely
cards the longest supply route which is
the longest road and the largest
Starfleet which is the largest army for
the regular cuz it's all fine but I'm
going here
well all right then jano is your turn
okay oh we both get green with it don't
fit green oh and there's a floor over
here
oh that's a good question how many subs
well it takes to read that don't don't
YouTube comments I love that comment I
quoted all day long well we just got a
mister a 2 a.m. thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it I mean I just
don't know how we can uninstall this
that's gonna be a problem
9 okay who's red I did install Catan
yeah there's spikes in this game
where's the other 9 you do I get a girl
to on the red oh yes you do dumb fat
skinny fuck and you also get a fool way
over there
that's red oh you get a food I should
have taken that and not said anything
hey I'm not getting I'm gonna try to uh
okay you have red they're rich no turret
card give the red card there yes you do
you're a force of training uh yeah I
think so I'm going to give you this
oxygen for that red one all right I'm
gonna build a starship
okay well I'm going to whoever asked if
if we're gonna start reviewing board
games for previously recorded we might
feel like it we like board games that's
why we called it previously recorded in
that video game central whatever the
hell we want we wanted to be open we
like board games general yeah that's a
fine spot alright I was limited eight
okay I can't do it oh wait my turn
Oh on my turn I can so I'm gonna use my
Scottie card check that out what a
handsome man I can replace any resource
to to build a starship so I have a try
Taney Amanda food we're gonna make a
starship out of food and we're gonna
keep moving here we're gonna keep on
keep on
go that way okay turn him over Madison
okay ah ji Michelle wants you to know
that pork pork in space was awesome oh
thank you
Jeff do you have any resources on I have
no reason okay okay one time we watched
pork pork in this space
is that the one we watched on Christmas
Day my parents no that's crazy it was
like right after it came out on DVD and
we were talking about it no I can we see
it I said no you don't want to see it
was Christmas have you seen it at that
point no no I know okay so you were
aware of the full frontal nudity no okay
thanks for a wonderful Christmas it was
pre kiss yeah I would have been worse I
suppose and there's large children in
the room right because I don't think
there was any swearing if I remember
right so there's nothing to indicate
that anything you know adult is gonna
happen
right well I mean everyone was saying
the biggest cuss word of all okay I'm
thinking everything's rich but my walk
in life this is not the time or the
place
dig neutral I'm eating the cookie slowly
I'm say I'm savoring the cookie and I
kind of like it but this is slowly being
consumed being consumed oh sure that's a
good idea okay someone wanted me to flip
yeah I see upside down in the stream and
I guess that makes sense I wanted them
kind of facing
well there's only one of those Hey a
gipsy danger thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate what do they get
old the a gipsy danger hangout water
Thanks um okay and then I can flip my
card right any production rule that is
not a seven did you receive no resource
oh yeah take any wonder okay so I'm
gonna take what do you want this and
then I'm gonna put a ship on the J how
do you think we are on new key levels oh
we almost have enough almost everywhere
else is there a couple more and we'll be
good okay um J I'm gonna make you give
me your food oh okay give me your food
you keep the water yeah oh I used my
horror card wish it was 12 years ago I
don't know yeah I make J that's still
upside I'm probably good at it I mean I
J has to trade with me he has no choice
that's great so I'm gonna get a
development card and
clem Fandango yes you can be a crewman
on my ship you're on this ship right
here okay you're on the ship and I hope
you do well you her as power should be
to do an awkward striptease when she's
well into her sixties
oh did you that's in six is that really
does that distracting striptease or five
five there makes sense if it's in five
because it's horrible yeah
Oh in the Star Trek movie yes she's
trying to destroy sailors so she does
this this seductive fan dance but she's
like 60 years old it's not good is that
one no that's yeah everybody knows it is
the whale one after cowards who's gonna
know if you're all seven and you have
eight or more cards you have to buy me
get rid of happily yes oh so I get to
move the Klingon food but nobody has a
spoon um so who's winning right now so
right now rich has two points think
we're all the same right all the same
yeah everyone has two points these are
points there's an app you can get to
track Catan scores you should get it and
I should put it yeah I just came from
playing regulars you can just make it
earlier today yeah it's not on it yes i
won oh good congratulations thank you it
J I'm gonna damn it because why not it's
already there let me shuffle my two
guards I'm shuffling them okay
flip them over okay this is not get this
one to come over and relax
sitting that's fine yeah what you want
target object I know - well now I'm
playing the game I'm gonna have them
over here I got play game I'll see what
I can knock over and they have 40 guests
oh no no half work half Thanksgiving
related stuff so make a cookies you know
that's hard work it is one I've never
done it before
they're from scratch
yeah yeah so I did that I'm gonna
prepare some other food for tomorrow I'm
in charge of the green bean casserole
so you've made a casserole and yes this
is what I do with my life now okay ten I
get water is that the only ten I'm being
told that day if Yuri watched network
after your recent usual oh no I did not
I haven't had time to I still want to
isn't it that Network here's the one
where they're like yeah windows yeah
it's a great movie
I don't know if I've ever seen it I just
know that so good I'm upgrading to a
starbase when you upgrade to a star base
all right so everybody like you just put
this on top around it kind of looks
really neat
showing everybody how neat it looks yeah
hands off my starving sorry I don't want
it to die Jay you have a date for the
annual our along stream no I don't have
a date I don't know we're playing yet
hey stupid eat like always benefit to
you yes that's why I like it I can't do
shit I just roll again I fell off the
team
yes oh yeah oh yeah okay oh that's
exciting
oh you want something yes I want
something okay and that can't say I'm
gonna put down another ship are we know
you can only do two at a time
right no but you can you can go as many
maybe 100 yeah and I'm not well you had
their suite at least two in between
before you can put another okay outpost
in but that you could I mean you could
put another one here and put now
postponed you can't put an outpost here
because this one time right right okay
okay well I'm gonna put down a shit yeah
and I'm gonna go I want to go in this
direction I'm going on the outskirts
outskirt no what did you do 700 do you
have yes you made cards finally get rid
of half of them
it is funny when other people do bad at
the game that's it any game really right
can't really help them alright what
would I have left
oh I just think I might retain iam left
that's really hard to get and I get to
move the thing I'm a bobber Oh the
Klingon yes what - well Jay she's my
best shot of getting into lithium is
from you because that's all you have
yeah you could just give it to me and I
won't put the thing on you oh you just
put the thing on you I'm gonna give it -
thanks there you go okay then I will put
single a 
it's a stratagem yeah okay so I'm going
to send some cars on the build a yep
here and I'm going to use my McCoy card
I can swap in something else for buying
a development card and I get to look at
the top three pick the one I want and
then shuffle the rest back in it's
awesome okay all right okay here we go
eight yes John Key OJ's battleship has
been sunk
yeah are you done jack I am done again I
cannot do anything
please retarget metaphorically
this is frustrating to people that can't
see our cards I think they don't know
what our deep Oh
maybe if you like I don't know if it
matters that much about look like an
error like Jen I'd like to try it for
this room over here
my accident for Olivia I would take I
need that that's finding the out there
I'll give you two to look in oh this you
well know what I'll give you a Duluth
team for your oxygen ah show enough all
right you snooze you lose I don't know
if that helped at all but that's okay I
think a minor visible yeah here's a
visible rich you can kind of just move
everything closer to me and then they
can see what cards you have in your hand
like if you move continue to get nothing
I will then upgrade to another Starbase
did everyone see in the Jurassic world
teaser trailer you know what I haven't
like I was thinking because they were
asking about us they were asking us
about that last stream and I was like um
I should really watch that and I decided
I don't care yeah that's the appropriate
response yeah that doesn't bad Starfleet
intervenes doesn't look terribly
interesting okay did they show the
dinosaurs at all they show some and I
think the CG looks worse than it did
1994 or 93 what did that movie come out
now 94 are we in any mark yeah we were
talking we look that up no that's okay
yeah hey oh that's not
so look that crazy brat he's boring on
the teaser doesn't have anything
interesting to do so I mean it's a TM
make it work
no make your work I don't care is the
thing that's really the thing do they
own or something important do the
dinosaurs have feathers no they don't no
okay fine this could not be getting
worse honestly I am I just don't even I
don't know what I can do okay I'm gonna
use my other Scotty card and take a
dilithium and of water and build a
starship and do this and then I want to
take the oh did you eat to someone else
have that card what what's the card that
lets you move a ship oh that's something
you have this to look at all I wanted
that how about a kirkegaard Kirk is one
any 7s role you may immediately use this
advantage if you have more than some
resources otherwise taking one resource
integers hey Kirk card that's my turn
alright five five
you know I get one there okay so who's
down there you you guys I get two
oranges where are you what's your fact
know you have Tennessee's oh it's a base
yes I don't remember these things oh can
you just give them to me no cuz I want
them that's a good question oh that is
an oxygen oh okay
oh you silly cheap I'm just
disinterested in what's happened before
no I just forgot how the game was played
I guess okay so four that's four oh okay
don't like it what type of thing all
right here's the thing
Olivia all right there any other things
and stuff no upper fours right oh okay
okay I guess I'm gonna do my card again
I'm going to get it developing cards I
get to look at the top three picks one
that is good occur it's gone well but
this is this riveting for people I mean
it apparently anything they're talking
about a drastic Barksdale's so okay I
don't think that Karen thanks going to
hear us hate on Jurassic Park it's gonna
be fine I don't know I'm not gonna hate
on it but the trailer just didn't do
anything they lost me with a new
genetically engineered hybrid dinosaur
monster now we've got a bigger dinosaurs
hey oh it's loose in the park and now
we're basically just breathing in the
first movie I remember when the first
Jurassic Park furthered the cause of
paleontology ah and now they're shitting
on it
sure sure they made they like actually
did some real science
I ruined everything basically okay seven
who's got what nobody's got more than a
car it's great okay
seven no everyone it seems tough yeah no
one has any food or any hid and well I
guess then I'll just put it oh well
that's important because that hurts the
most people I know now I have two oxygen
GZ Louise II great rich alright twelve
where is it bear oh that's water

[Part II]
there oh that's a water for Jack yay
that was exciting game loves eat
Dinah's this it's the space nine-nine I
think I have a nine yeah great or is it
a nine
that's a 900 a the things that we're
missing
oh that's pretty exciting for you and
for me yes
so it's exciting for me too oh why are
you guys because I got to offer a
cardigan which means you have to train
with me come on I'm gonna take your red
one and I'm gonna take your red one too
please thank you one - do you have four
points I'm gonna build a right here two
points okay here's our did you find the
thing I finally found the score keeping
at it will let even show up on camera
knots not a lot flash it like here's the
score and you know that I'm trying to
see it okay great
you know what good enough you got you're
right you guys would let the cookie
breathe a little bit well I just think
it's a good visual
I have five now your five now yeah yeah
okay okay oh no I got so excited that I
found the app that keeps the score ten
oh my god - food for J yay
oh and that's to set all the tens okay
I'm gonna turn in these for a
development card mm-hmm thank you great
great oh oh it's a thing oh oh yeah
klompen Tango's asked a very important
question which is what kind of beer I'm
drinking it's a spot of gas to usual oh
and it's empty weird I should get
another one upgrade was
good we're all right I would have gone
for the one on the eighth that's gonna
guess stop sooner or later I don't think
so
Jada's your turn all right okay now I'm
drinking six declarative blonde
it looks really young I've never had one
of these before oh great
oh and rich gets to write and now you
have four of those wanted to trade them
for something else you could or you
could try to trade with other people
yeah six did we just have a six
okay so that's what are you drinking you
have a lot of I think that yesterday I
did it was just in the multi bagger you
know that's all right I think it needs a
glass I think it needs to breathe yeah
I'm going to play Starfleet intervenes
this thing off of that thing what do you
guys you know lots of that I want an
oxygen so I'm probably going to but also
like a food so I'm just saying between
you and Jake okay so
think I want an oxygen more so I'm going
to where are you you're right it's so
hard to remember like who's me okay well
I need to get recombobulator
I need to keep a headphone in my ear
sink in here what the fuck's in case
someone subscribes so I can hear them
I'm just going to answer that every no
man yelling oh they're asking me to do
what my cocaine impression which is
great what do we do when we both my god
it's a great something well I didn't
want the water so I mean I'm gonna make
you give me your oxygen using this card
Thanks what hey oh sorry what did I give
me my water oh so I'm never upgrade
OOP that's it I got six quick score
update Lisa's kicking our asses
we have me down for Jeff you have three
I 400 Lisa is still kicking our ass it's
Jackson look sorry I I'm distracted by
people chatting at us are they still
talking about Jurassic world no now
they're asking me to sing smashmouth in
my Michael Kane voice oh god okay you
probably not I think if you're gonna try
that you want to practice it first
before you do it yeah like practice in
the mirror with anyway you want to make
sure you've got that down yeah
absolutely
eight nice too damn rich you got some
bad looking back I know it's just a
little bit just Jay has a food Jay
yes are you interested in either an
oxygen or water and trade for your food
no I'm not okay great seven does anyone
have more than seven cards do you have
Oh Clem Fandango wants the hot shit
wants to move over to Lisa's shit come
on which ship does he have to go oh um
something touching an eight probably
know how about how about this one is
pretty lonely so we could use some
company
this there's a crumb yeah this is Clem
Fandango there's actually a crumb how
the Stars yes by the way you might not
be able to deal with away from the
camera so hold on I'll tweet a picture
you guys the chrome on the spaceship you
probably gonna get some water or some
oxygen I don't how mostly just to slow
you down these all these things you have
to do yeah yeah yeah check make sure
you're legit Oh
- Oh Clem fandango's ship it's an eight
he gets to drink some water now okay
okay the chromatic or they're craving
some water and exchange them for a
tritanium I'm gonna put a ship on there
okay
I'll be all right I've been through
worse okay this is kind of for dick if
we get one more the game is cheating
we're switching dice put a crumb on your
ship oh did you get another point okay
I'm gonna use my bird you know about the
draw Jurassic world hmm right
directed by nobody is it really some guy
that's what I should say directed by
some guy is it no but I mean it's nobody
I'd have to look him up I didn't
recognize the name oh okay that's weird
it's not like a usual Spielberg crony
like a Joe Johnston or something right
now do you think they give it just you
know at least someone who's done
something I mean maybe he's done
something but I didn't recognize name
the channel tell us I'm sure okay oh
okay
whoa I mean how's that well like it's
you I get a water water so so super
psyched about that I guess no it doesn't
do me a world of good
what you talking about you got water you
can build Starbase now yeah oh my god I
can build a Starbase
Jesus Christ you guys I have not been
paying attention no you have not
no I'm kind of constructed it in a hurry
they didn't have a lot of time are you
are you done I'm done now oh I get
another point oh I got another point
again in my point was I put another ship
down jack his only his only other
directing credit is safety not
guaranteed oh that was an okay movie I
wouldn't put my trust in a
billion-dollar franchise so the guy who
made safety not guaranteed but it was a
good movie
wait Jay you don't you only have two
points right oh that's right chefs have
nothing to do with points thank you by
the way optionally they're important
this is the biggest flaw of this set up
is because we anyone who has ever
watched Star Trek has only seen this
ship yeah so the ship isn't important
like when we're playing regular Catan
like I know it's just a road right oh
but you see a ship it seems more like a
bigger deal everyone's lives on the ship
the ship is the oh my god or something
no what you do there isn't one over
there yeah look at that you the food
trying to cheat Jay out of his food I
mean pretty I am shocked and offended
it's all good this is insane I'm
wonderful
wonderful all right there where's the
water
oops oh it's all that over here too bad
okay
he's making his way to that one oh I
don't know it was okay I'm using this
the Bopper the second time it's on
Twitter what's on Twitter people were
asking were my Twitter pick that I just
oh your crumb Nick I put it on three oh
that's the thing to read to read for
rich very rare too hard to handle
- go ahead all these things all of these
things okay good
Oh rich you should the cookie is there
for comedy people you should do
something with everyone's very concerned
about the good about Danny
it just makes you want to keep it then
we have anything else I can put there to
mess with you more than happy even cake
it's a little big elephant with a row it
up Phil Davis you bought the binding
advice it's still your turn jack because
if you wanted trade I kind of like don't
wanna risk of seven okay I will give you
a I'll just give you a red to blue just
give it to you for free or green yeah
all right I've chaining to keeper have
how do you I need to get rid of in that
day you know what I'll just risk the
Senate forget it alright well you know
it's gonna happen no seven nine yeah he
would have like three cards
wanna do that um terrible missus madness
this is space madness
a space badness I'm gonna give me
another point Jack yeah Oak Ridge gets
another point I'd be insane not to at
this point that was the one you sent
mine nine there 300
look at that it's working already you
get three straight games oh my god
premium thanks sweetie
what is it gold tritanium I mix things
I've obtained iam remember Avatar oh by
the way that's - Wow hey I think that's
the only - right I think so no you know
what there are blue things and they
dumped around it was the movie of the
century now nobody cares but he's still
making sequels
good for him yeah could you know what
good for him I guess yeah that was like
the biggest movie and nobody cares about
it anymore
yeah it was like a huge hit and then
it's not a movie that's gonna stand the
test of time I don't care anymore
expansion I can't imagine what
everybody's doing a 12o it's not as
happy about that I know it I have the
card that gives me special powers oh I
have a card that gives me special powers
ff7 is rolling nobody's roll the jaunty
upset well Nate don't we
time what do we got here I am looking
for an oxygen rich hazard oxygen rich
would you like a food or a dilithium for
your oxygen
originally this is uh this is gonna
sound strange I'll take a water you want
to build though I do I want I want to
develop my card
and so I'm hoping to trade you first
keep my water firm okay well you know
what
yeah prefer what's the beer I'll take
another loop i dial it okay great you
know what that's a good trick
okay so now I'm gonna trade this in
before a development card and I'm gonna
use my other development card which is
the Starfleet intervenes what I know and
here is oh my god wait that's a rule if
you knock it over it's gone from a
federal I would love to make that a rule
this rule
let's Jamie yeah what color are you blue
yeah give me a cookie crumb perfect all
right fine
that's 200 this is this is insane is
there another five somewhere I feel like
oh yeah but nobody gets anything yeah
I'm thinking no everybody everybody wait
whoa where we were eating for for me to
think this could take this could take a
while
good oh don't worry I have a cookie
you're taking tiny bites on a
deliberately tiny bites out of huh
does anybody else see cookie-cookie no
I'm good I'm gonna build at least two
rooms rich came that close to us okay do
you want to rub some cat on yourself to
neutral
I have longest road oh no no longest
supply route just as long supply route
that guy's rates two points that move
that moves rich to the lead Oh
mega scoring up day look at that Jesus
Christ you just need to win 10/10
enriches now it's 7:00 we're gonna we're
just gonna secure my rope oh great I'm
gonna put here but then I'm gonna use my
damn suet card so I can move it do you
want to keep yourself you know didn't
want to get rid of ready super car but
what is good here because I'm not deaf
oh you'd probably want the McCoy that's
someone I've been using where you get to
dig through development cards if it's
big three and take the one you want okay
you also need you can swap out one of
the resources for something else all
right all right
Jay it is now your turn okay some things
oh I get things two things and here's
the thing and there should be another
thing things there and I'm gonna put my
card again and I'm gonna take the
birthday boy you are the first person I
know I'm going to be in you're tearing
me apart Lisa max thank you does
anything good
well are you in last place yes okay this
you might like this one resource for the
poor one time on your turn after you the
production rules been resolved you may
look at the hand of resource cards of
one opponent who has
victory points in you and take one
resource card of your choice oh okay
that only good unless nurse Chapel okay
three oh that's super tritanium for rich
Wow
oh I'd also get some tritanium
and so does Jake yeah oh yes this is the
thing to do oh no I'm gonna take all of
the titanium all of it why why does this
monopoly card I will take all of the
triangles emotion from everybody when
you play the first company I'm gonna
choose any resource and I'll players
whew that's a bullshit card yeah thank
you great okay that was great that I
mean I know lots of titanium it's about
worse in Moorhead we're having drinks
hey rich have you seen too many cooks
yet no I have not seen too many good I
don't care - oh it's great yes it's
genuinely great it's not like just some
sort of like have you seen this latest
you know I'm taking your from the cat
video or something like that like it's
genuinely really a piece of filmmaking
yeah oh we gave me this is cutthroat yes
absolutely cut through yes when it comes
to board games all right right now no
one can see but she has you know as you
can see she has so many cards okay
oh and they all like it I'll send your
team right thanks okay I'm building a
outpost with everyone is treating you it
is composed of just tritanium and one
food everything else okay
she gives me a 3 to 1 trade my Bopper
nice she gets point two I get a point
there that was pretty funny
rich is still or you know technically
the leader because he had several points
first but yes nice 707 time all of this
drinking yes yeah you said all of it
everyone strike this mr. Barba rahi do
what we do mr. Barba redo thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
and I roll the 7 you know I would have
lost half of it anyway here we go if you
have more oh great so I can move the
Klingon ship which I will do and move it
to right Barberie do Barberie Barberie
to like didgeridoo possibly hot barbara
do right i don't know what that means
and I don't understand half of these
usernames this material material the
material wow I can read something the
material sheep thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it I also also
seven so I get to just choose any
resource
of my choice what would you like I would
like two white
need this this I would like and you guys
have
I would like a oxygen
you got it
thank you
and then I'm going to use my starship if
Starfleet's intervenes card and try
stealing from you again because I'm
hoping for that but it was the red one
that's right taken open for that
tritanium did you get it I did that
twerp thank you for subscribing oh he's
a message board guy oh man twerk that
twerk
we appreciate your subscription okay so
then I can trade it in oxygen tritanium
dilithium and food for a Starbase you
really want you to eat that cookie
that's all anybody cares about right not
the game just just the good no is he
gonna take I'm not cookie are there are
there any snacks I can't eat yeah you
want do you want some free radio some
fish crackers again sure okay fish I
thought you're allergic to fish well
we're just shaped that way
that's the Jonas is a joke
that's the joke we also have pretzels do
we have fish crackers
okay of course we do okay great
oh I get another point that is my turn 9
who got one out okay I got red here's
the nine I get two ribs and I get two
weeks and you get away you're gonna read
the resin two green red and then Jake
Jake it's a green yeah yeah that's right
give me a goddamn know when I get a food
your your child sighs oh okay I'm so I'm
thinking Thanks I got I got a base rich
or older nine do you have anything on I
I don't think I give you anything
so it's too late now no wait are you
sure you that stuff for a nine a nine is
right now did you need to give me your
green back to really that's the 6-2 rich
yeah yeah I get up - it's just a ridge
some fish crackers
there's no Klingon ship on the Tama this
is beautiful
okay I get three cartons a good two
Watters and Watters Jake yeah what would
you say is your least favorite David
Lynch movie have we talked about this
before
um I don't know we have least favorite
that was a question from the chat and I
thought it an interesting question
because I know you like David Lynch I do
oh boy that's hurt
I mean there's something like a straight
story which is so different from his
other stuff that's a good movie in its
own right as far as like David Lynch
movies that I think of this be very
David Lynch II may be Lost Highway okay
I do yeah you is that your least
favorite just because it's not so David
Lynch year no it is very David Lynch II
there's something like straight story
which isn't so I don't I don't think of
it in the same way I think of something
like Bluebell that or no other movies I
love at heart as far as the day the very
David Lynch II David Lynch movies maybe
Lost Highway no but I still like it
quite okay that's it funny I I don't
know I don't know I like a mole they're
all great they're all great is it my
turn
that's how did you roll yet
I know no wait did you four year old did
you roll that night oh yeah I did okay
it's urgent
oh I lost track of the David Lynch
question he's got thinking about David
Lynch right okay 10 is a food for Jay
hey and up here that's a want a double
water fried clam you're getting that
water good job Clara chrome gets the
water good job oh thank Robin because of
Clem I can upgrade to a starbase thank
you sir alright that's another point for
me that Jack but another point oh you
got me referred for it now for me
release oh god never okay development
occurs oh wait did you know
you don't not I thought it would be
funny I'm sorry okay I'm done okay here
we go
six yes
oh why are you already counting on
winning we'll see okay
I'm upgrading I'm gonna playing star
bases and because why not its delay the
inevitable
oh it is oh yeah
okay we took it to that dark place
okay okay yeah we did we just need a
Mario Kart stream so I don't know how I
want to play Smash Brothers tonight I
mean I want to play smash bros but maybe
not on the streets and there's another
bud this is a floor I've been really
enjoying Smash Brothers yeah super I
mean it's great if you enjoy if you
enjoy the Smash Brothers series I have
never played smash Berlin will turn off
this hammer we're just playing
well just play it is because it's really
great you could place the dog and the
duck from duck hunt
really and you kick people and it's
great that sounds wonderful
you put you get to play did you ever
play um animal crossing no a very very
strange game to explain now okay well
one of your moves in Smash Brothers as
the villager from Animal Crossing is you
plant a tree I got then you have to
press another button on boats old water
the tree so it grows into a tree then
you have to press another button combo
to chop down the tree and if the tree
falls on someone it did not it knocks
them back okay and it's very sad it's
hard to do but it's very sad
Jake did you know under the skin was a
an adaptation from a book no I didn't
know that actually someone who's just
saying they just watched it and we're a
little disappointed because they read
the book first
first of all duh I can't imagine that
being a book yeah it's like pure cinema
yeah I can't imagine that being written
Oh interesting any any time the book is
gonna be better than the movie yeah
pretty much
there are there are a few exceptions
that make the rule yes but 99% time yeah
the movie it's it's pure atmosphere and
in filmmaking like I can't imagine that
being a book the soap bizarre so they do
a good job yeah that's a great movie
that's nice
you know what I don't think it really
matters if I
oh there's teams a very different
something movie the book is up
why are you winning I just win oh I win
you win I win well yeah I think it was
the crumb yeah that was absolutely it
what's his name
something Clinton Clinton Fandango good
job Clem you the crook you know your
clam
thanks for deserting my ship he made the
right call you did he absolutely made
the right career hi chat we're gonna
take a little break and we're gonna take
a little break and run a commercial and
we'll be back with something

[Part III]
also for anyone so we're back on okay
for anyone curious Lisa one because she
had those victory point cards and if you
have enough victory point cards to get
to ten points you can just reveal them
on your turn and you win wasn't
understanding why she won I showed them
a victory point card earlier well I was
nowhere near close enough to winning
we've decided out what we're doing that
eat the goddamn cookie I am good cookie
you you all settle down
Oh put your uh that could be a Venture
Brothers reference what eat the cookie
eat the cookie
is it okay oh and by the way for
everyone who's saying yes we know that
the steam awesome sale has started today
and I'm very excited to look through all
the games that I will want to buy but
yes Steam sale started today so you can
get every game in existence for two
dollars it's just like their version of
a Black Friday pretty much you have to
have an annual they have an annual sale
thing and I mean they I mean damn sales
all the time Vegas summer sale they
befall sale never Winter Sale we're
playing 82 by the way so is this based
on that Harrison Ford movie absolutely I
saw was is spelunky on sale I wonder I
check now I usually don't know what
started today I know what's coming up
okay it started today it's going even I
mean
oh no that's k-12 dammit oh did you make
a batch - I made a bad joke
I'm so sorry Jay a saint is K to the
Widowmaker but it's k12 the Widowmaker
summary this oh well I'm just making up
words the camera closely yeah they can
see it yeah it's better like that if
that's okay for you guys but you have to
climb it upside down I'm actually
climbing down that's all that's it's a
lot more skill yeah Oh who's k-19 that's
a 12 because that's something that's a
that's a grade in school that might be
what I'm thinking of actually that's my
name's Amy all right whatever
rich who sings spelunky is spunky's
eight bucks right now but it'll probably
be a flash sale later on but right now
it's eight bucks you really need to
place Blanca I want to how much is it
normal
fifteen I think so right now it's eight
and they have like these kind of flash
sales really for the next hours this
game is a penny sheriff you know yeah
it's insane it's beautiful it's terrible
cuz it just makes you want to buy games
and you will never play these games they
they know what they're doing
yes oh sure they know exactly okay who
wants color
how does they can't bring it so market
oh well I mean you see how it's hooked
up there doesn't seem like it was quite
that crooked before but it might be
slowly moving slowly moving that's fine
but we're gonna try to make this as even
as we can for anyone who likes things
nice and even
Jack will come on go for that Wes
Anderson framing that's what I'm trying
for I'm trying for deads right there
Jake you were not ready I am ready oh I
think I was ready in the last game so
Jay I've said you are green I will
gladly be green deck with you eat a
little bit of a cookie remember what I'm
doing here okay okay so this game here's
the little pieces we're gonna represent
these pieces
oh you brewing the board who someone
hope I've earned it further oh my god
you guys oh that's good no it's gonna be
rounded on the edges because it's a
GoPro camera just a little bit but we
can still get it Center okay so here's
squiggly guy pretty exciting
squiggly guys climbing the mountain with
smooth edge guy all right did you want
to beat you do one of each so again
squeeze I can smooth out you got it and
then we have a smooth tent very
important and squiggly tent these are
the pieces for this game and then we
have dots and I don't remember what the
dots do but figure it out oh that's
right the dots go on your where's my red
quick the dots go on your board and this
is your oxygen meter right well I should
probably be okay and if you run out of
oxygen
then you die yeah put this next year
name
there's all the little numbers you start
with how much huh that's a good question
one I think no wait no no wait
okay okay I got to put too much my guys
down here right okay yeah go on the ones
it's start seventh one yeah it's crazy
town why would you start with so little
oxygen um it's a fine amount you're
winded from traveling to the mountain oh
why sure I suppose I mean drive a car am
i right so in this game the basics the
basics is you're trying to climb up the
mountain and you need to get as high as
you can
to get points and then stay alive
basically and you'll see like these red
points they take away oxygen and these
other things are movement points so it
cost three movement points to get up
there and you lose two oxygen just for
being here so you have to build up your
oxygen move up the mountain and then
stay alive and have the most points at
the end of game and if you die you lose
what are the colors mean red horn and
blue so blue is you've gained an oxygen
point for being on this okay so the
lower number is oxygen points bluesy
gate one red as you lose an oxygen point
for being on the right level
oh it's orange the orange our movement
points and so to go from this space to
this space cost you to my okay that's
right now and green flags green flags
are your points
so as you see over here okay it was your
guys so like just being here that means
you have two points if you move up to
this one you get three four five six
seven ten to get to the peak so also
something I didn't remember is so moving
from this face to that this base will
cost you two movement points also moving
from this base back down to this will
cost you two movement points
right very important August Elvis is
saying he's taking bets 5 to 1 J gets
lost in the ones
it's trying to think of another is this
is this game based on the movie
k9 dog with Jim Belushi yes absolutely
k9 cannon cop oh damn it j-roc enough
all the cave related movie titles that's
two for two that you've missed so I
think there is an actual movie called k2
so is this based on the movie k2
I think it's actually a movie about
climbing about oh I bet don't listen
you're doing wonderful rich do you need
any more goldfish crackers I'm good
yogurt raisins Cheerios
I will take some filet mignon fresh hope
there is cliff hanger with so let's just
alone move it yeah nothing we called k2
but might have been like a completely
forgotten movie sure there's probably
about snowboarders and the most ninety
snowboarder movies okay how do we take
terms that's so that the player who was
most recently in the mountains takes the
starting player marker what I've never
been to a mountain I recently hiked up a
mountain so that's really how you start
it river is a kind of a boat and each
player that's weird that weird shuffles
his deck of cards and deals a hand of
six cards to yourself
keep your stack in front of you is your
own new deck yeah I hear you that you
would need a biscuit cam and I just well
put the camera on biscuit well would
quite okay to write strapped the camera
to his butt and call it life behind
biscuit Oh
that'd be great okay what's ideal
yourself six cards from your class from
your deck pile yes no we understand that
a mountain a tall mountain is called a
k2 yes we're we're well aware that we
kind of understand that using context
clues of beginning k2 is a movie with
Michael Bain Michael Biehn from
Terminator bi ehm yeah Michael Biehn the
Terminator
it looks like bang bang bang bang Oh put
this on whether the date little circles
okay then you get these cards everybody
and these cards give you things like
these blue ones give you oxygen points
these green one green ones give you
movement points and then you use these
cards to breathe or move it's pretty
exciting stuff
can you look at the cards you just felt
yourself yeah yes so you can choose
which ones you want to use yeah trying
to remember how to play this game the
gipsy danger said he's subscribed just
to Seabiscuit and you hack fronts
haven't delivered yet do you want to she
likes it can you see everybody look up
at the camera biscuit oh yeah it was a
pretty good look oh no he's looking at
me look at Jay look you're rich yeah
look at the camera there you go there's
biscuit biscuit care there you go
right yeah I just want to see they can
okay so I go first oh we all we all pick
cards at the same time everybody look at
your cards and choose the three that you
want to use and you put them down in
front of you don't face down now if you
have the highest point total you have to
take a handicap which is one of the use
okay if you have a split card where it
has a number and then a slash than
another number it's the first number
that we use to count so you want to you
want to have a high number so you can do
lots of stuff but not so high that you
have to take a handicap so if you can
always see what the handicaps are in
this case there's no risk you could take
the zero and nothing bad happens to you
or even taking a one it's not that bad
there's some twos in here
thank you remember there's any threes
right so yeah let's move Oh Jay where's
your guides there you need some guys
over here okay oh and this is the
weather these cards are the weather car
okay so you put the three that you wanna
play in one spot and we'll all flip them
over at the same time you're never ready
okay I have five six five or pick a
handicap my handicap will be zero
thank you what are we understanding okay
okay great so now I'm going to use three
mm right that's right I'm going to take
three movement points and move smoothie
free places one two three and give
smoothie two oxygen points smoothie goes
one two that's my turn and I think
according to the directions we keep our
own discard piles like these are our
cards oh okay okay great
we don't shuffle bagging so maybe you
want to put them face up so it makes
enough and then but should we always
have you curves yeah and it'd take three
more often oh no because no no no of the
initial six you have three left over
yeah okay one two three four five well
I'll take smoothie and there's gonna be
six and because oh you can't you can't
get split no you can't split a card so
you'll get split you know it's a four
and - yeah Mon but you can't split a
card
Oh for crying out loud we're very sorry
we did not oh you're right we should
give our climbers names instead of
smooth and curvy you're right
next time we go that's our job just to
give our climbers names give them
personalities what time what was the guy
who just for cover night when finding
Club and finding gold those are you guys
oh my god anyone used to read their
names they don't forget okay so I have
to four all together and that's wrinkly
so I move this up yeah you wait till the
end though you know what the end of
everyone's turn because everyone should
have their oxygen points on their ones
yeah
and just leave them there for now and
then at the end we take care of weather
and Oh things unless you used cards if
you get used cards to get oxygen you do
that right away
so I think these cards that I just use
night yeah okay I'm going to I'm gonna
move Clem this tells how many people can
be on the spot per level so since we
have four players three people can be on
there okay you know at the end of the
turn you do weather and you do oxygen so
today the weather is just fine so
nothing bad happens to anybody and then
anyone who is now on a space with a one
oxygen you get to move yourself but now
that was the end of a turn so the the
pick gets passed to rich and now the
weather is different today
you lose one oxygen point if you are
above 7000 above 707 thousand - yeah in
this area I would just lose an oxygen
point in addition to whatever the resin
effect and then it gets really bad the
next few days after that but only above
7000 okay okay so now we look at our
cards again radio oh wait oh you know
rich is way ahead of us okay
I'm also ready to go yeah okay three six
yeah so I have the most points and so I
take the hit but to zero so I'll take a
zero what are these oh oh so the next
person who takes a hit has to choose
between a one or two dun-dun-duh okay
rich your move do you want to name your
people wrinkly spine who's available
skyress home z h o l MZ y MZ palsy is
moving up here okay
and then I'm giving two oxygen to home Z
okay that's great um should write down
names on the contract I already did
nitro cell RIT and wrote them down I got
home zine how's that spelled just
exactly just week right hol MZ y MZ y
yeah
only Houston wrinkly dude is their homes
in your so wrinkly give me give me
somebody else
how about guts going nuts guts geo easy
G UTS and nuts is a new TV
Gus going geo lion GOI ng so spell that
yeah going and nu TZ yep and he's he's
mr. smooth okay okay great
alright so I got three
go one two three great that's it okay
I'm gonna give Clem two oxygens Jay
would you like some subscribers to name
your people after oh sure cuz I see a
couple people asking how about Ella hon
drunks let spell that right al e JN d r
o X okay and Elvis delvis who's been
with us for a while
okay Alejandra X is wrinkly what's the
other Elvis Elvis which is just the name
I like to say just Elvis's or a dash or
anything a good question with capital
letters where do we go it's almost Elvis
don't know alright okay so I got Ellen
on drugs is wrinkly and Elvis Elvis is
smooth my name for myself by the way
smoothie is Dick the birthday boy and
Kirby is octo jr. moderator okay all
right oh it's my turn so I'm going to
move let's see here octa J into this and
move him three spaces one two three and
move-move dick the birthday boy to use
two points to move him there and then up
though Jays oxygen by to what to feel we
should remind that if you are over six
oxygens at the end of your turn you go
back down to six so you're gonna for
like you know get up to ten we need for
the rounds over you have to go back down
to six okay some reason for first-timers
well cuz you can't cuz even harder okay
now we're in it so yeah okay nobody's in
the bad your yeah danger danger zone
what's column one blue finger that's the
technical man okay
hey yeah you passed the pic to Jay
that's it and what do I do with the pic
no that's Jesus
move first assignments Oh rich the
material sheep would like to know what
your favorite Thanksgiving dishes maybe
that's a good question for everyone
what's what's that Ron's favorite
Thanksgiving tight food mashed potatoes
half a dozen gravy yeah yeah don't like
ham that much really yeah it's good
that's quick yeah first of all that's
crazy
cuz great but you know that's fine it's
like meat but kind of sweet and funny
tasting I don't I mean you're crazy yeah
that's crazy what you're saying that
that's you laugh but it's true
absolutely positively true Jay do you
have a favorite thanks guys
I've honestly never thought about it
there are only Turkey I like Turkey
I think it's tasty and it's lean turkeys
good for you all right that's good Lisa
do you have a favorite right that's why
I'm distracting from the game I really
like ham it's not you know you don't
always have it so we're having it
tomorrow and I'm really happy about that
yeah it's pretty good good like him
usually we deep-fry a turkey which is
the greatest way to experience oh yeah
you always do that don't you
we're not doing it this year because I
left my deep fryer to my brother but you
know what food I love from Thanksgiving
that you never eat normally stuffing
yeah that's the thing I love so much and
I only have it once a year
uh-huh I should have it we couldn't we
don't have to just have it you can make
it whenever you want I just buy I know
you can hit a cookies for breakfast if
you want I know I'm an adult you turn
adult but yeah but around here you have
to eat them in secret that's true or
else I want cookies for breakfast that's
true okay do we all have our cards yes
great well I didn't know we're showing
for the camp oh it's there are ladders
but for their watch mine too
so seven yeah seven takes it take a one
okay so now I gotta move my guys right
that's what's happening
yeah who's wrinkly that's Alan I want a
son Alejandra 'qs
Alejandra when we hit three okay well
Clem and three no I got uh some flags
here so I get to move this up to the
three yeah these are basically like
point markers it's that easy point and
then I'm gonna move this guy just two
instead of three so that he eats up my
penalty as I could eat everything so
specs of this cookie
we did not talk about tents tents
we got tents I forgot what they were so
at any point you can spend the amount of
movement points it takes to get here for
example if you're in this space you can
spend two movement points and build a
tent and if your guy is on that space it
blocks you from one weather- point okay
so if if you are here and you spend two
to build a tent and you're on that space
you don't get affected by that one okay
and oh that's great nice each guy can
build one ten
so if I wanted to you know I got the
little tent here but once
Fandango comes up he can use the tent -
okay and once you build your tent it
stays there you cannot move your tent
got it okay is it mine - yeah okay
that's great so I'm going to move
octa J on two points and I have one of
those weird 0 along point guards suck my
guy ain't breathin I'm so waste those
are ways so I'm wasting it now wow it's
really all right well I am moving home
z1 and then soon I'll be giving him to
do their son costs - okay I gotcha I
gotcha I was saying the number on the
car - we were not count
Oh No oh it was both yes it worked out
that way I gotcha
said it okay so anybody give yourself
air if you learn title to it nobody is
above 7000 so nobody gets hit nobody's
on a red space so okay so pick
that's a good a little cookie they taste
better when you eat them over the course
of four hours until a gratification
great okay I'm still thinking
Oh God me too oh no this is a tough one
that's okay it's been it's very it's
very do they move the weather no I don't
think I did anything above 8,000 is
really really bad yeah rich can't steal
my cookie you would kill him yes yes
peanut butter cookies are for anyone
asking for rich to steal my cookie first
of all why are you asking for it to see
my cookie second of all you can't this
is as close to facecam as you're getting
you get handcancer
all right all right yeah yes five so it
doesn't matter yes but five over six
Ives you have to take a penalty would
you like eight one or two I'll take a
walk okay there's ever a tide nothing
bad happens to anybody okay so what do I
do with so basically you get one less
point than you thought you did I can do
it on whichever okay absolutely
dammit now they're saying the hand cam
is lewd what I was just doing a middle
finger yeah oh you're doing a middle
finger oh yes you would be this I was
doing this oh I didn't even notice I was
I thought you were doing like a like a
Sistine Chapel what kind of thing no so
I was just flipping everybody off so I'm
gonna go here get myself a victory point
there you go Clem great great all right
yeah I'm making or making moves here
dick the birthday boy is moving up one
and all them he's moving up all them
because I've one two five one two five
great dick the birthday boy is now at
the two flag very very exciting if you
die your guy goes all the way back to
base camp
Yap to zero that's it okay okay I'm
going one and then three and then homes
east three and then guts going nuts just
up one there oh so now you are
climbing mountains it's daddy it's
happening
I do feel like this needs like a generic
metal soundtrack yeah your name cracker
my name yeah that was unnerving oh okay
some of you think of my very intuitive
and I'm gonna take that's wrinkly that's
Alejandro I'm gonna go so that's what
for all together one two three four
right that's how these work oh look at
that says to the gases okay yeah okay so
I'm gonna do that and I might give I'm
gonna give him a nothing too great and
that's it things yeah you can think
whether it doesn't affect anyone no not
this time
so okay I now rich and I are on a one so
we have to take our guys down one and
oxygen oh yeah my goes up one two and
octave do you go up one and Dick the
birthday boy you're fine thanks fine
thanks everything's great
so whatever you don't use in this hand
you have to use in the next hand cuz we
only have six cards left right right
oh they're saying we need to make a song
called curse of the Sherpa it's the
curse on us sure I disapprove yeah
wow so you disapprove so much makeup the
weather like weather next turn is just
clear right uh yeah but we have no idea
what the weather will be like right in
two days yes dun dun dun that's fine
sure you say so now
all right oh I am ready to go man okay
everybody get ready to shop
ok ok thanks hey sweet boy the bridge oh
that's fun
would you like a 1 or a 2 I'll take what
we got a 0 we got 0 who's got the bid
still you yeah yeah yes that's me
I did I do change the stream name
someone double-check that I change the
stream ma'am
it should be K 2 now but I guess I don't
know I mean what does it matter what
does it matter nothing matters shut up 3
I have 3 movement points and so dick the
birthday boy is moving up 1 2 3
making a move I'll check through this
stream name what are the little one
those are picture yeah that one you move
your Oh guys oh yeah three see what's
your big league i oh yeah I changed the
name of this game in science
it's called k2 the board game
I just want to make extra sure at the
end of this turn its if there's no
weather penalty at all right right no on
this turn right now if you go up here
you're gonna be hit with a big butter
penalty well no but if that would have
changed my strategy entire life I'm
upset now but the next alright alright
I'm found it it is this is a confounded
that's not what I would have done
something different
definitely um Shh so I was given false
information by you what by you I said at
the end of this turn no penalty right
that's that oh okay okay
fine I'm not trying this Sabbath I was
sabotage I mean yeah I was sabotage
surged I might have just said yeah fine
- what are you saying I was so focused
on like hardened think you did yeah you
knowing what you're doing is not her
responsibility just go for it if you
don't you die that's life
and then it's not but you know what at
least you died on a cardboard
representation with your wrinkly life
okay hopefully Ivana saying this chakra
is on Netflix three four yeah it has
been for a while oh my goodness I can
move this everyone should see show no
problem
yeah shock must been on Netflix for a
while now great I don't know how much
longer it'll be there because they're
always getting rid of stuff great all
right wait everyone an add or subtract
so it's just
okay - three homes he loses three oxygen
two three and dictabird only loses one
one you lose three when you're in yeah
okay you're fine and technically octo J
would gain one cuz he's down here but at
the end of your turn you have to go back
to six no matter what Omega six oh and
rich you get okay okay so I mean
whatever you have you have to play so
six four eight Wow I'll take that single
penalty no problem
rich do it I can't do anything with that
one movement point is so good
the heck with that and then I get five
oxygen I'm just gonna do want to
up - I'm glad but I thought everyone's
talking about like seeing the best of
the worst so I'm finding them on YouTube
and Netflix oh yeah I'm glad you guys
are finding them so you can share
they're apparently is a extended version
of Tammy and the t-rex on YouTube with
all the gore that was cut out of the US
release oh oh very it's shitty quality
and I've only skimmed through it but
it's there and there's a little bit more
more so okay
have you gotten around to directors
commentary of the item yet no no I yeah
I I got to work up to that to do that
like tomorrow
Wow well I'm thankful for the item DVD I
want to listen to that directors is
something I'm very interested very
explicit something we thought were cool
no chose this shot cuz I thought it
looked cool oh he's the kind of guy who
would specifically reference I just want
to know what all the flying is we still
be what was on the end of the last photo
we we were nothing happened it was clear
so did Matt yeah we were spirit still we
didn't have that term because I just
said the term right took off three for
that guy that was here okay you still
have them okay yeah so yeah everyone go
up or down your action points so rich
and I have to go down one for each other
guys a boatload of oxygen points so I
just go back to 6 we don't shovel are
only shuffle shuffle a drum deck shuffle
your own simple you're on deck Jay
Bowman's beard is saying he showed
tanning the t-rex to a friend who was in
love with Paul Walker and they were
terrified as India and now they're not
in love with Paul Walker anymore no
that was probably what his first movie I
you know what I mean he was so excited
to get that part yeah who's so happy to
be working on a feature it's got to hang
out with Denise Richards come on
yeah I bet she was excited to get that
part they were nobodies okay today the
weather is really nice
these are sim cards over and over again
yeah yeah really yeah what's all this
the same ground well if you think of if
you think about climbing a mountain it
would see er I figured we would shut the
main deck and get a whole new bat Shh
that says we have because then you get
Delta Joe up kind of a bad hand in the
frankly and you just you're screwed over
and over before we go let me check on
this so Mac official rules check the
Official Rules okay save rich this is
what they're saying you're doing well
for it Hey look cookie I'm gonna leave
that little crumb there just for you
guys just to annoy everybody
I mean okay let's find anything
screaming's coming I mean just we'll
just see what it would seem to make
sense that way to me it would well then
like but let's say you get you can adult
that initial time eight zero cars for
oxygen then you would be you would be
doomed to repeat that and then somebody
who had like five you know go up three
swim I have a ton of move and it seems
right that you would be shuffled isn't
it yep okay three more cards to have six
in their hands if there are no more
cards to draw then in the next turn
players will have only three cards of
way only when the players have no parts
left in their hands do they shuffle
their cards and draw six new cars okay
they are Delta shitty hand that's just
the way yes sorry sorry okay and also
everybody the weather is really crummy
everywhere from here up tomorrow okay
- but at the end of the end of this
terms it's fine right now and it's clear
sailing for the rest of the week it's
not I mean yeah it's not that bad news
one none of those nasty twos no rich
sneezes sometimes that wasn't
necessarily biscuit related everyone's
very worried cuz rich sneeze sneezing is
enough voluntary human reaction it
happens sometimes I don't know I don't
know you don't look as if you're about
to die if those are a normal cat I'd be
dying right now I guess I've never seen
Richard Lee the the atmosphere of normal
cats it's not a pretty sight
right so the fact that he died was the
entire production of feeding frenzy
everywhere every place we shot had cats
Oh
the terminator thing I mean you kind of
got that right yeah happens like almost
every time we play a board game
okay good
don't don't look at my cards don't is it
a genetically engineered a hybrid cat
it's a Siberian cyborg
it's a scientist a sidebar cat's a
cyborg it's a Cylon
okay right ready five six G Oh nobody oh
who is the thing I pick the pick did you
probably you all right I think you had
it last time yeah that you're like oh
okay oh oh
good night take a neutral thanks for
coming by take neutral yeah moves up to
his name that's the thing he's kind of
average is fine hey MA so if I have six
he's an African I do what can I do less
than that yeah like a fight okay I can't
do that for five oh no oh no he's still
here what she's still here everybody
stop talking about their good job he's
still here okay yeah is that what number
five
yeah days move up in the world world man
see oh okay my turn
I know this guy back down one why are
you because I can I will
oh did you forget to move or way is this
no that's still five that's still five
right yeah that's okay
all right okay I'm making a major move
here this is crazy
Oh oh my god I like it I like it
rich is making it up the mountain climb
climb you beautiful bastards live how do
you win the game just if one person gets
to the time most victory points at the
end point if there's a tie the tie goes
the person who made it to the top person
okay so after we're done with all the
weather it's over no matter where you
are in the mom you don't need to make it
back down yeah just after we get through
all the days whoever has the most points
that way
don't die just don't die all right okay
everybody's done is it no I haven't gone
oh okay it's your turn okay rich go
before you cuz he skipped me I thought
you want I'm it's not another way so oh
the whole game is fucked everything
alright alright good see like here's the
here's the action important thing like
up on the peak because we have four
players only one person can be on a spot
at a time yeah so
Fira and I'm not going up there but no
but if you did theoretically yeah okay
I'm gonna move guy up here five that
that stakes a birthday boy and we're
gonna finally move octo Jay one
take the birthday boy a little breathing
room I cannot obey this language well
he's he's the he's like the lazy one the
lazy one okay right no what am I gonna
do I think I'm gonna move up here okay
oh my god oh my god okay okay that's it
right hey take away your ass you and
then there's no weather today and the
weather moves okay no it's terrible
oh if you are anywhere above here things
are bad things with awfulness and you
can move backwards too yes okay yeah and
some cards have to be like little
up-and-down points and so you get like
different points for me oh yeah I'm down
which has a little loading screen
rendering thought what is life what is
mountain terrible mountain terrible
okay I'm ready for even rich honey
riches then you can keep waiting now we
are waiting I'm gonna check you check in
with the jab okay oh okay we're ready
nevermind Chet forgot hey yeah high five
three six eight
do you I'll take one point it okay okay
I'm gonna give some oxygen to Clem and
I'm also going to put Clem is going to
put a tent right here so I'm spending to
build tent and then I'm not doing it
this one said use it so they're great
okay so Victor birthday boy this Macon
is making a big head right here
thank you birthday boy is going up one
boom boom and I'm gonna give him three
oxygen points one two three to go up to
nine and ox RJ is getting ready one two
he's not going up yet but it's like this
is a part of the mound what he's like
open it out oh wait wait oh but I can't
do that I have the the one point hit so
I'm actually gonna
give a dick one less okay great I'm just
giving Holmes yet shit ton of error hi
there
holy shit Wow see that that goes in what
you're saying about getting in a shit
hand I don't have any air yeah I am yeah
so even if I don't move this guy this
turn I still lose an oxygen point at the
end of the turn right yeah well no you
and you lose multiple is another oh my
god yeah I'm getting him the fuck out of
there then one two three that's that
okay here's here's what I will say J
yeah moving him down here he will lose
the same amount of oxygen points
anything above 6000 feet today but if I
move up I'm gonna lose more what are you
on the tube
no but you you were right here yeah
you're you're lose one and you lose two
oxygen points here Oh hero either way
I'm dead
that does that kid that kills me no
matter what oh so I could just leave
them up here then and he's gonna die and
I can do something with ya with Ellen or
if you want you can spend those move
appoints to build a tent oh yeah shield
you know that would shield you from one
well they're gonna hit shielded then you
go down to watch your son okay I should
do that okay I will do that all right

[Part IV]
should do that okay I will do that all
right now that we got that figured out
oh you almost died I almost died I
thought it was that Aires all right
that's it great
now who's that one was that one husband
Al Hendrix
ohand rocks we don't always know let's
all this already Elvis dulness dodged a
bullet there yes okay
so everybody here thanks we're in a tent
you get saved per one yet yeah two for
the weather and whatever you round
oh no it's beautiful weather
oh okay everything's great today Krieger
I'm checking the chat all the time you
guys you start saying anything what
nobody in the chat is talking no well
they're saying stuff but like they're
not asking us questions you know they're
asking us dumb questions it's like I'm
checking the chat I have a giant monitor
here and I'm checking the chat and I'd
like to think that we've been answering
your questions they're giving a shit Jay
because we're not answering questions
apparently we're climbing a mountain
I don't know if you guys have noticed
we're climbing about we already talked
about the Jurassic world trailer that's
the only only new and noteworthy thing
and it's not even know worthy it's
Maureen what was the Jurassic world
trailer all right yeah well I hate the
title it's it doesn't roll off the
tongue
Jurassic world it's awkward what are you
talking about irascible Rasik world it
doesn't sound good
Jurassic Park so these are called bad
they should come on Jurassic Park I'd
see that
you know they're cookie no I'm good
he doesn't have another six hours oh
wait and then we got hit by to weather
or wait yeah to here at to weather see I
was so busy yelling at the chat didn't
do it until we're 200 preserved corpses
on Everest send someone oh that's great
someone is asking me how it was acting
in pork pork in space that was all
improv like like anything I've ever done
with J and Mike they drive me to a
location and in that instance they said
see this guy
yeah can you make fun of him for like 20
minutes yep was it Lulu the only line
that I knew I wanted you to say was
what's that thing on your neck it looks
like an elephant's clip yes that was the
only line the rest of it was all improv
and I do remember I fought you on that
and I I tried a couple things cuz I
didn't much care for that line no that's
great it did sound right to me so I
tried a whole bunch of other stuff and
then Jay you said let's just try the
elephant's clip thing
do you remember what else you trying I'd
have to look back at the footage I'm
sure other stuff that I I liked better
but because it was fine cuz you know
what it was 20 minutes
yeah what's today today is clear yeah
right
who's going first oh it's me my first Oh
Oh
the game
don't okay everybody all right Garrett
and I'm reconsidering things three five
no biscuit was not my first pet I
growing up on the farm
oh you had tons of that we had we had 12
to 15 cats at any given time firm cats
farm cows are the worst they inbred you
had lots of in France yes what happened
they have gnomes
any cat with phones we had dogs
obviously some farm animals but cats
everywhere enduring yeah outdoor cats
fucking just cats
we can't control those cats no I am
gonna build a tent up here okay
hi so tons of cats and dogs I grew up
with dogs all from us and we're gonna
give we're gonna take two oxygen points
no finically can you yeah I know you
only have like one piece or two pieces
on a given tell can you go through there
you can only go through you can go
through okay yes
so it's like for example if someone had
if I had six movement points I could go
to the peak okay okay that's obviously
that's a good question
you know what that is a good question is
it all you didn't use Bolton I built a
tent again gave Dixon oxygen points okay
I gave Dixon breath um bring it home
sheet up one Oh
we've reached the top everybody oh my
god and I've given him one breath Wow
home Z home Z congratulations
you could still die and is you very like
look at this Jack look at this
everyone's got good eye straight that's
great I have no oxygen curtains okay so
I'm gonna do one two three and that's it
rich is a pretty good board gamer
they're asking who the best of board
gamer is at our LM rich is pretty he's
he's cutthroat and he's very good at
strategy
I've heard that Mike can rock a risk
board yeah but you know anyone who plays
a board game it's good by me just cuz I
like board games I tried playing risk
once yeah it was boring oh hold on for a
second guys
you
I was weird whatever oh just a technical
glitch okay so some people didn't hear
what we were just talking about
no that's unfortunate because shit got
crazy right also pickle bucket
pickle bucket has been complaining about
what we've been streaming okay the
almost the entirety of the stream you
don't have to want is pickle bucket a
subscribe he is a subscriber okay well
this is ready appreciate you subscribing
but you could just turn it up this is
what I'm playing tonight we thought it
would be fun for Thanksgiving to do
something never something a little
different
is it my turn no I did you go first yeah
you a nurse does does their claim okay
yeah okay so I'm in a tent so I'm safe
right yeah yep I'm here tonight one each
go down to go down to okay have you
change the weather everybody above six
thousand six seven and up it's an extra
okay I have no every hour student card I
have a zero oh yeah what is the longest
Monopoly game we've ever played that we
Lisa and I used to play Monopoly I mean
three four times a week we've yeah I
don't know we got pretty fast at it
because everybody knows like everybody
kind of figures out what their strategy
is there's not a lot of like you know
hemming and hawing and there's the cold
dead hand rule where like someone
becomes your enemy and you just refuse
to trade with them ever
in life so yeah sometimes it lasts an
hour and also like we would play to the
end always like even if it was just two
people and they were going back and
forth you just have to play to the end I
always share and so you know everyone
else would go watch a movie or you know
have dinner well just two people would
be alone in a corner playing Monopoly
and every once in a while you'd hear the
dice roll fuck I get the pink now oh
that's right well monopoly can be bad
monopoly can be really bad and that's
actually something that I really like
about it like something like Catan
Settlers of Catan is even if you're
losing you're playing until the game is
over yeah
unlike monopoly or risk where once you
lose you're done yeah yeah and you just
can't have a good time anymore all right
we ready we're ready yes all right six
six
this is six like six we're all doomed oh
my god you hear that laughing where is
it coming from look at the bottom of
them to see which one is the LEAs burn
that's pretty big flat ones are very
they're all kind of that's why they're
here leave employer one minute too short
yeah and they're they're not cooked
properly one minute too long and they're
burnt on the bottom maybe maybe should
cook a little lower temperature I cut
them at the temperature told me to cook
a man try again gee try again maybe have
a super oven just run is possible it's
possible it's my own
I'm just I'm just going down here okay
ovens also have hot zones sometimes if
they're not yeah later Prime and a side
of the oven could be little high as lots
of factors my failed cookies tried okay
I even though I'm gonna die I'm just
gonna keep going forward here
two four six yeah people are saying
they'd eat your cookies Jay well thank
you let's go back
Oh Kenny oh yeah well you can't go that
way go this way for three points yeah
I'm at three so I guess I'm gonna stay
there because I mean that's the same
either way right cuz yeah I'm gonna be
fun
if I don't move I mean I know occupy
that spot for a while maybe I have
oxygen in my hand maybe I do okay
I mean your lunch Jay I had to preheat
your oven people are sick no they have
all these nice people who are willing to
help Jake cook so she said to me I'll
preheat your oven and I said back to her
I only have a toaster
okay oh is it my turn okay
hi dr. J you're getting in here boom
you're on the mountain two points and
we're gonna give we're gonna give dick
the birthday boy one oxygen also any
college I'm just I'm planning my next
turn
okay everybody go I'm gonna head back
take care of a better marriage
everyone's are more other than - its -
an extra one - an extra one I'm not
gonna take one - because I have a taint
okay okay what am i doing with my wife
you're playing board games that's all
you need to know there's nothing else
all the board games okay I need the
weather yeah there we go
you guys are gonna hand me something
everything above here extra one look at
my box again oh my god Jen I have no way
to get it off either run away
yo you green if you could get a I didn't
get them under here well you mean you're
just gonna die can I just jump off of
the mountain is any option know if you
can get at least one of your guys to
here then yeah let me see yeah you know
three if you get four or five if you can
get five movement points you're fine
okay okay
she said to me seductively I need you I
need your cookies and I reply and sorry
man
these are burnt dick new job he's still
my favorite
so at the end of this coming time it'll
be done one all right you don't die at
one you got by going below one right
right right
somehow J is still alive
yeah that's somehow sheer manly will
okay all right right and if you have a
split one it's for what we're counting
here is only go by the first okay but I
can still use the second yeah right yeah
five five - nice job gee thank you oh
that's a good question are there any
good movies themed around Thanksgiving
play notes and automobiles oh that's a
wonderful movie
excellent answer by the way so fast it's
just immediately says no friends I'm
just bitterness funny that's it's a very
good it's a fine that is a very good
okay I'm gonna move my guy right down
there a little bit longer
well I'm good should I skip over Jack
again
I don't care anymore I'm dead I'm going
down bringing him up here oh really
he stays even though I'm gonna hide okay
okay you see there as long as he's alive
that's like your milestone oh okay yeah
technically you're winning yeah but that
guy's like this guy's dead on this then
I'll get strung we'll be dead yeah yeah
so then he's gonna go back
yeah we got to rename them them our IP
in peace Alejandra --xx oh did we all do
our things that is oh wait that's right
cuz rips you give to me what's happening
where is the weather today
everything about 7000 we lose one to
design ok but I'm in my tent so I don't
lose that one and then I was to open it
so did everyone oxygenate yes oh I go
down yet so I go down three ok oh ok cuz
it's funny happy but easy right here
like here kind of have some position
evilly points for that too right yes
hundreds hopefully your body will freeze
and other climbers will be able to use
you as points of contact climbing
material
I sure will on my way down oh did you ox
in a jay oxygenate your womb space ok
no in our last three cards yeah and I
need anything up here is an extra extra
okay
anyone I have the peak basically
- oh so everybody get to show you cards
cuz you yeah alright six five three one
two - I'll take a 1d and remember take a
look at the chatons in question do you
guys remember the very first on board
game you ever played Oh God I was from
Candyland or something Steve how about
chutes and ladders
oh yeah that's probably chutes and
ladders maybe a mousetrap
no one ever played mousetrap though well
nobody knows how No
it would take something to set the thing
up by the time you did it you would just
want to knock it all down now so you
never actually played the game okay okay
oh hey oh I can't do that we don't know
what the weather is tomorrow in the game
oh I think you're talking bout like Oh
cuz I gotta travel tomorrow
no okay we're gonna move take the
birthday boy down one and we are going
to oh no no wait I don't have to I can
keep him up there because the weather is
bad so then we are going to take octa
Jay you're moving out you can't go there
I can't go there cuz that no rope no
shit
that's okay I'll move over here
everything is fine
octa Jay moves up in the world and
everything is fine okay that's alright
okay so everyone take your Touche you
know what I remember early board game
was is you know cooties both Oh ant guys
pelicans my grandma had cooties but we
never ever played it no I just played
with the pieces of course
yeah just would put the pieces together
make him crawl around that's like
mousetrap yeah you never actually played
the game I but but I was shocked to find
out it was a game I just thought it was
like make your own aunt yeah I couldn't
tell you what that how you play that
game
I know memory
don't you have it yeah we could play
well I would say we could play it next
but I don't know where all the pieces
went we have a couple legs
I definitely trouble
work so everything's fine can I not move
yeah if I don't want to I can stay right
there
yeah okay you don't know how to do your
points okay I'm gonna do that and I'm
gonna go up one oxygen left one pathetic
little oxygen boy that's all I can do
that's something that's not much but
okay oxygenates anyone above or just any
no one's up there so just whatever is on
there so I'm safe because I have a
warrant total Fandango this one I should
wait that's am I losing to or one one
one so the weather in there is good okay
okay a lot of people are asking who my
main character in Super Smash Brothers
is which is a very important question
for everyone else here at the table I'm
gonna answer the chat I really have been
enjoying a little back the boxer from oh
yeah yeah he's a character and he has
only punching moves like he doesn't do
any kicking any just all punching cuz
he's a boxer really fun to play with
that's funny recently I've been playing
as the villager which has been great
also custom that you can customize your
own me and your me can be a fighter and
I've been having a good time tinkering
around with all of the neat settings so
Mario you're kicking your ass no I kick
ass yeah usually it's Luigi by the way
and all other smash games I love being
Luigi because he has that like dumbass
headbutt and rocket like it looks like
an either speaking
you're saying that isn't that's
something I wouldn't know it is somebody
he has he has a move that turns him into
a rocket and he headbutts people but it
usually makes you fall off the stage
considering that I have absolutely no
oxygen points like me continuing is like
futile that's why I don't like the way
we're doing this with the carbs yeah I
don't know I don't like that we can make
we can always make house rules next time
I think next time we should have house
because this is yeah I got it and that's
just like delaying the inevitable I'm
gonna die sure unless I just keep going
back down the mountain but that's point
was to yeah I think we have shuffled and
rebuilt in the past okay
but you know it's pretty time-consuming
sue there's 18 cars yeah
per player what's the weather today the
weather is crummy er in this zone just
no no so this is all right yep oh and
for anyone asking how many amiibos I own
the answer is zero and I still plan on
not buying any of those stupid things
oh Jesus Christ
Oh No I might lose I might lose someone
Richmond how many victory points is this
guy yet dizzy you move up yet oh he's
right here see it is three three
how are we getting hit today oh my
caviar we're getting everyone's getting
hit there right there right there
okay okay all right
pretty hairy ready yeah
three six five nine just take that zero
huh yeah
whose truck oh did I have this last time
or did I just get you last time tonight
can't remember oh wait because we were
waiting on you and you so yeah yeah I
did yeah cuz you were loved
yeah Jack was trying to skip both of you
right okay yes I'm gonna spend all nine
points on getting dicked a birthday boy
all the way down here out of the
weather's way you didn't make it to the
top well if I didn't do that he would
die oh one and I had no I had no so we
had to we had to get him down desperate
times I'm going up three and then two
how am I giving that twerp this game to
guts going nuts
Dave the box oh yeah I thought you were
quoting him like he was telling us that
that was the name oh this is a game it's
called k2 it's mom climber game and it's
super fun if you have board games when
you enter via the oxygen points right
yeah there's a show called um called
shut up and sit down
it's a board game show or sit down
showers I forget what it's called it's a
show that they talk about board games
and review board games and they talked
about this and we've been really
enjoying it since we've got it the shut
up and sit down
or something Terrence come
let's easy-to-learn yeah yeah or as last
game we played there's so many rules
yeah unless you know you so you know
great but this one you can learn the
first time you play it really easily oh
yeah we doing the climate no oh no oh
are you done I haven't gone yet yeah it
doesn't matter yeah neither of us a
building I didn't work ain't no water
sir it wasn't I wasn't paying enough
attention and then I'm just gonna sit
here for the rest of the game that's all
you can make it all the way back to camp
maybe I will that'll be my new goal I'll
bounce around here and get some oxygen
boy this is my biggest gripe with the
game is as soon as the days are over the
game's over yeah but to me the end goal
should be to make it back down the
mountain oh sure you gotta go all the
way up and then back down or you know as
far as you can get up and get back down
that's what the game is shoved over cuz
that would be like real mountain climb
sure okay so thanks that part of the
game upsets me a little bit is that they
don't go full on with the theming but
it's fine climate yep do your climate
okay all right och today you're losing
one and if you're not on anything you
don't lose or gain right right whether
it's way to move the weather to and then
we're here now right oh yeah thank you
okay okay so these guys Sunday's guys
today tomorrow tomorrow it's messy
tomorrow see here that in the last
sailing that's great that's great
that's good news for Jay we got the
makings
oh yeah this goes to you right oh you
know first ever already don't know I'm
sorry I'm sorry
not even a little bit okay now ready
four seven four five that hurts
that really hurts oh did you have plans
for all of those points
no but it's - they're saying two points
of mom climbing is to make it to the top
and die I think you might be misinformed
most people I think try to make it ever
though right yeah
it was a steak my gosh that should be a
rule you can only have so many people on
there so if someone dies that occupies a
space I am done
oh god that hurts two three four I'm
gonna visit my dead body to get more
oxygen I'm going to end and I have one
oxygen point so that ride him like a
sled down the road in the old way that
was a thing in this game House Rules
that's true okay my turn to go actually
go up to the next one because they're
six
child-bride what what make it a weird
comment okay the same with the name is
child-bride tells you something I did
not go here okay so this area is gonna
be a Death Zone coming up soon no
getting out of there and two points up
there octo Jake moves up in the world
great alright oxygen oxygen oxygenate
your womb space it's a thing what is
that from again that's from the dance of
Earth it's a happy video oh about about
ladies who are prettier
make your baby a bunch of the whole so
I'm assuming you can't have two tents on
the same square right let's go now we
looked at well we have to look that up
before I believe you okay but there's
rules cuz it changes everything
Mountaineer can pitch a tent on his
current space each player at the VIP
tent only once during the game tent
cannot be moved once place where music
stay so the game that given space can't
have more than one time do you let you
like my camp
are you it's a comfortable spot it's
been good to me what's this okay you
mind
all the old assholes are blocking my way
get out of here get out of here with
that
okay okay okay are you here
no not even a little bit yeah she did we
do the climate for that last turn
already or not mm-hmm we did okay okay
okay
now for realsies right yeah go five four
seven for Lisa yeah are you a fan of the
red letter media nonsense you like you
usually don't watch like the episodes no
nor should you I'm a fan of I like when
they come over and play games but like
you know you're not necessarily like a
movie person no I imagine you would
watch no I mean books a book reader
right that everyone's saying how you
don't watch it if the video then I think
you don't for yeah I don't have time
this is an adult one person at this
table is an adult
that time for childish shenanigans
understandable I'm sorry um is it my
turn
you have the pickaxe last time is that
right it really doesn't matter where you
move your corpse trying to survive I'm
just there Lex you're going skiing I'm
going up here so that's three my
handicap eats part of that and I gave
him that's Fandango Fandango gets to
oxygen points I can't use things you're
skipping Jack again I'm thinking I'm
thinking okay you can go oh my god yeah
but then I wouldn't know what to do what
it's my turn sure see okay we're gonna
raise up some some oxygen here no thank
you
sure sure we also run with with pretzels
Scooby Doo cereal
I prefer fish crackers
oh one cool
that's applesauce maybe a go-gurt it's a
green one this time yes Jane oh good I'm
good thank you
I have beer did you move I did you did
it is your turn I'm doubling to ten to
ten yeah well I use all movement points
and I can't move because your butts in
the way so I'm not leaving either just
so you know I know and I hate that
because I'm blond
oh did everyone do their Oh do your
oxygen anything well what are we taking
off if you are in this zone nobody's in
there so just do what's on your faces no
no I don't know where it was honestly Oh
does anybody know it was anyone paying
attention to where richest guy was
oxygen was okay where guts going nuts
was okay any idea five or six mister
sunset it says he'd really like to all
the way that all the J's are drawn rich
did that go on which things rich wrote
our name takes there was if they tell us
they are though they're saying it was
actually at ten
if I stop icing spice okay we need to do
this thing I'm not gonna arm wrestle
rich one he would probably win uh and to
because he would probably win then I'm a
weak man
okay so clear weather but you assholes
are all up in it
shit
she's probably good on oxygen I think
she is going to try and sit up there at
all time
yeah I'm not moving I'm staying in there
there there's no web I mean I could stay
there forever and not lose any ya know
if it makes sense I'll just be a pain in
the butt yeah because you work you're
literally with two of you up there
because talking it I could not go past
you with us I have four points I'm
staying there too I can stay there too
I can try and win somehow yeah but
that's um that's homes II he's already
been to the top well he he's got an
oxygen tent and the weather is clear
there's no point move yeah yeah Woolsey
and Clem are just living there now
that's just where they live on him no I
mean I'm just saying that these guys
okay they don't have to move ever they
can just live there oh yeah for anyone
asking yes Lisa has open all the jars in
the house absolutely
are we ready to go but he starts them
yeah don't manage with the spoon ya can
get to start I understand for six pro
tip if you like use the handle of a fork
and like get it underneath and kind of
pop the air seal it works like a charm
every time and then you don't have to
use any muscles what you don't have
yep yep that's what I'm doing I did that
okay okay all right and so I have three
downward movement points o 2 3 and a 2
up 4 points - I'm going around via ha
Richard is the point you can do you can
start with the jab
ok then I'm just gonna go what the fuck
indeed I have in co2 thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
Ivan could score fan of k2 apparently I
think the camera is slowly drifting it's
like it's like now you can barely see
the top of the game board you can see
these clearly what you couldn't but
that's I mean it's it hasn't fallen down
here I'll take a picture of our
jury-rigged of our jerry-rigged uh just
so you guys can see
what it takes to put on one of these
shows
okay what did we got go okay then
everybody do your Christian stuff
Fandango has doors we'll have two days
left you guys two days left to be on the
mountain oh yeah we are gonna do we are
going to do different way streams we're
gonna do mspaint pictionary again and
give away games that rich and I have
amassed in our steam collection so yes
we will be doing a giveaway stream
coaster like Christmas like a good
Christmas think that's a Christmas
stream like giving giving to giving back
giving back so yes absolutely
whose turn is it is it my turn but it's
okay I'm sorry
oh this is it it's happening it's
getting real here's the thing it's very
real oh shit I can't not win
so who's winning listen yeah okay well
that's fine everything's fine
okay okay wait I'm not ready I'm sorry
damn it
I can't believe people are still
watching this yeah I mean it's an
intense game but they can't see like our
cards like they don't know what's
happening else yeah word you know in a
perfect world what the fuck what I'd
like to do is like what the fuck
indeed my big black cup thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it would like in
a perfect world if I had a little more
time to set up the camera I was thinking
about like gritting out the table some
like we could have our cards oh my gosh
era so people could you know Steve they
can't see what's happening yeah so this
will be perfected because I do want to
do four games because I like board games
okay I'm ready now I'm sorry all right
okay three three six four oh yeah that's
what I need is a pen I guess who is the
pick Jack did you do it last time for
this time
hey I'm already lost I'm not doing
anything but I'm retreating
I mean you've won right unless you died
I just gotta say what you just have to
say like that there's nothing not some
mortals can do bye guys I do whatever
you say forgot who it was I'm just
trying to get home you have that thing
when you when you have lack of oxygen
you stop moving because you don't have
an excess not enough oxygen to convince
your brain that you should live as a
just not moving but I'm right at the
bottom like there's no oxygen issues
down there yeah I'm saying this is left
over from what Big O okay for my intense
trip up the mountain where my brother
died and someone threw a mom and my
brother are you still bitter for me
well someone threw my brother down the
mountain you're going back to whoa I've
made it back to where I was
this is very great
well it is where it is right on our last
three cards right there you go six six -
all right it's gonna be exciting turn
four you know this is me now right no it
was me I did not move last turn because
I did not want you to block me so now I
could I did some stretching yeah that
means I won cuz I got the first wins
yeah strategy mother well I got to the
bottom so like you made it to the top
good for you Jay's going home bitches go
bills I've seen in my tent I thought you
were gonna go down one to try and like
black me from getting any further upside
move it on I didn't want to block you on
the way down and I was so excited that
you left that tent you can't go to my
tent if you stayed there Oh bummer I
almost had it
it's so close I mean congratulations
right no one on my team died I'm like I
think what I mean is that Jack and Jay
are the real loser I mean as long as we
each one all right
scream thanks for coming out we're gonna
wrap up now so if y'all 1245 yeah
all right we're gonna wrap up now but
thanks for coming out thanks to all the
new subscribers thanks to all the old
subscribers and thanks to everyone who
just came out to watch us be it is we
really do appreciate it and have a happy
Thanksgiving bye I'm meeting my cracker
