Oct 22, 2014
3D Dot Game Heroes, Lollipop Chainsaw
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45137153, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKwSSJNAj98
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45136964, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0TOSoq13PU
"Stream tonight around 6:30pmCST. But let's be honest... we're gonna run late." (archive.is/H7NW5)
"3D DOT Game Heroes for PS3 With Rich, Jack, Jay & Jessi" (archive.vn/FfmA1)

[Part I]
scare Colin isn't just some schmuck we
know I mean he's he's the real deal
he's also some schmuck we know is I
think I said also he's not he's not also
is it finally play in the game it's only
7 o'clock that's fine
sounds early but we were you know we
were 20 minutes late so whoa whoa yeah
you know how one's old a full full
health gives you like the little shots
or yeah this gives you a giant sword yes
jesus fucking christ
of course that's that's the fully
leveled up one of course this rude this
reminds me a bit of Zelda oh very much
so what's over here
fuck you spider okay jump up here again
type up here again I'm gonna fucking oh
yeah how do I get them right now this
area might be kind of roped off sharing
some food oh you do you think I'd be
able to chop down this fucking sword no
III love it
hey my cowgirl I'm wearing at night this
is a flashback oh okay this is a
flashback to other person Oh am I
supposed to go in here supposed to go
right and then now okay doo doo doo doo
doo
did you do it looking its I want to get
tell me it's dangerous to go along um
you know they make so many references in
this I'm sure that'll come up at some
point
oh okay oh my god this is Elvis yeah
this is nothing but self yes okay okay
I'm okay with this so you good soon
rabbit with a Warren on the end of its
own
that could hurt me okay um hold on Colin
once you know if we can do video on our
end for him no no we maybe this is a
horribly complicated role really maybe
but no but not for everybody just for
Colin just for Colin Mae oh so he can
see so you can see us right Colin that's
what you want
Colin do you want to see it's Jesse oh
you don't have to take your headphones
off and tell us what he said I can't
hear you
hey what is that this is the most
convoluted setup it's great yeah that's
Jack now you
we've never I've never met Colin before
I mean I do what I do get drunk did I
get I didn't get drunk we never hear
that did I have friends yeah you did
how's that what happened yeah you don't
remember because you were gone
oh I'm sorry Connor I didn't if I knew
you were coming into town I probably
still would have gotten day drunk you
did know oh did I yeah I told you I told
him the week before and he didn't care I
didn't I don't even know where Canada is
it's true it's true
he's Canada is not a real place it's a
state of mind
Jack's drunk right now it's not true
okay I've only had seven beers takes at
least eight to really get you going am i
playing it truly yes there's a great
cutscene my ears our gaze for you so
don't just dunno so now it's gonna be me
playing a video game with Colin who's
also playing a video game having a Skype
conversation while playing two different
video games oh my god this is not a good
idea I might I might have to make an
executive decision in come on Adam no to
the Skype jam with god I just would like
everyone in the chat to know that right
now we are video calling Colin so we
have that capability we're just not
showing it to you guys yeah haha you see
enough of a suit you do your
horrible people J talk about Halloween
stuff talk about Halloween stuff this
was someone just said oh you wanna talk
about oh you like Halloween talk about
Helen I watched I watched Halloween 3
projected outdoors while sitting next to
a bonfire anything spike the apple cider
last Saturday it was a magical
experience that sounds great yeah it was
great Jack loves the cutscenes
okay I don't any of this shit I even had
time to watch any horror movies this
last week since that like we watched
Halloween 3 because we've been too busy
tomorrow night though I'm gonna watch
the fuck out of some horror movies what
should i watch I don't know where did
Collin go for it I think he would yeah I
haven't watched yet this season we might
because I'm missing you dark we're
getting we're getting some us we watch
that drop stuff we can talk to him well
I think we do have to turn off the video
what is going on within the same thing
okay no that's fine I think we just have
to turn off our video because that we're
getting some weird lagging stuff because
we're also streaming so we're gonna
still talk to you but I'm just gonna
turn off my video and you should turn
off your video alright hold on turning
out video now can you still hear me
everything's fine um okay go ahead and
end of these going smoothly go ahead and
eat and come back when you're all done
eating okay
okay I'm talking people now all right
guys we're back into this has been the
latest episode of technical issues
starring Colin yeah the worst the worst
guest yeah we had some really fun
technical issue Oh wailing we had some
really fun technical issues setting up
the ps3 to stream
you don't eat apple cider you drink it
you have possible for what if it's
frozen why wouldn't you freeze it I
don't let's appoint them that's a good
question
that's not Matt oh it's r1 okay J was
there anything you liked in that pile of
games uh well I don't know anything
about the gameplay but I'm curious about
lollipop chainsaw just cuz dude I wrote
it but I don't want to play a video game
that has lots of cutscenes
I never su mean that's what I'd like to
let you see in this game is you like
James guns yeah this is something I
don't play on my own but not in a stream
okay in a stream I just want to play
stuff where I can jump around it and
maybe shoot stuff yeah but they're not
excessive them there's not an excessive
amount of cutscenes okay it's not like
the the duck tails were five seconds
there's a cutscene that was driving me
nuts
Jay did you see you were eating spike -
apple cider if I did oh it's smoking
correctly you know what college is I'm
sorry dr. jerk I did an apple cider I
drank it if I said he I honestly don't
know if I can apologize enough you can't
I'm not gonna sleep tonight top County
DUI rabbits no I really don't I get like
an hour of sleep and I need to come back
this looks great on the game yeah yeah
I'm really happy yeah the graphics are
you really happy with how it looks
really love the depth of field effect
it makes it makes it all pop a little
bit more the the the 8-bit water that
still looks watery yeah yeah this is all
great
if only they had a hard mode though cuz
then we'd be really playing experience
you're playing the game incorrectly
you're in play games of heart oh my god
who is that
DJ wait people yeah DJ white people
thanks for subscribing we super
appreciate it welcome to hard mode right
after this shitty stream good question
orange
can the chip answer me why hard mode
makes alien isolation a scarier game
well because obviously it gets rid of
the it gets rid of your objective
tracker right does it
no of course not Oh does it I know it
doesn't get rid of one of your
complaints nothing it doesn't get rid of
one of our complaints of our game it it
obviously makes the door minigames less
repetitive does it do that
ah because because it's harder I don't
fucking know I'm doing a bit here rich
people are saying that though what the
fuck thing isn't going off but you can
hear your headphone I heard it there
there live very wrong I'm gonna take the
mute off of their computer everybody
just take a second and turn your
speaker's up ah
bring them up louder I heard there what
the fuck
so then you can hear everything is it
possible that you only heard well I
don't know maybe you should think this
person subscribe
by the richest of the richest Evans
that's a great name but so not true
that's funny though that's a funny name
maybe they're maybe they're richer than
you rich Evans
ooh oh my god you even get the
dudududududu noise this is copyright
infringement this game is getting sued
so hard is the question why you care
about the copyright infringement there's
no game audio I guess there's no audio
are you guys not hearing the game audio
I'm hearing a game audio how about now
refused to believe there's any sort of
technical error yeah well so I'm just
hanging up on Colin
she went he went to eat yeah we're on he
went to eat and I'm gonna just say it
fuck that he can call me back how about
that hey Colin Carlos back I hung up on
him but if he's listening to the chat
couldn't hear that yeah okay College
back then
yeah okay you guys should be able to
hear you guys should be able to hear
stuff now or maybe not I don't know
I can hear
hmm can you know can they not hear it I
don't know let's see
Bing did you heard the Bing nope oh no
here we go yeah now is that better
everybody now you should be hearing it
now you should really be hearing it how
about that
in a second they're gonna be like oh my
god I can hear everything so well oh and
then no and then no and then yes yeah
it's going so fast okay I got the
ancient sword oh yay
nothing that was supposed to happen ten
minutes ago yeah you can get a ferry
Jack yeah ferry slowed the chat down
it's going so fast Jesse just died they
put it in slow mode no I don't put
inside of it I know I guess should I now
put it in someone I don't know i'ma put
in something yeah you know what here's
this is what Jack can't play games just
check me still we deal with this rich is
gonna play games Jack is good deal with
this kinda I can hear the ding noises
now that's good you don't hear Collin
chewing stuff because I ha I hung up on
him so so there did it because they hear
a medium no oh okay this said that'd be
weird now they couldn't hear meeting
everything's fine
space yeah you do whatever you want yes
I will do enough or I want know what
happened I will do whatever I want it's
a shame I want you go to a strip club
your song what but did you see rich is a
sex pervert yeah well okay we know that
yeah wait should we talk about the
discussion we were having earlier about
the documentary Sarich documentary but
now you kind of have to talk alright
I'll tell you the title of the
documentary okay
it's called my car is my lover I ran
into called my car is my lover it's
about men who are sexually attracted to
their cars not their cars in general
yeah oh my god this is a real thing yes
dude do they have
yes yeah everything you're going to ask
it's yes yeah did you look this up J and
y'all since we talked about it I have
not looked it up yet I am curious that
would not it's not an especially great
documentary just fascinating that that
exists oh sure yeah
yes I agree that's a little fucked up
other people have seen it with you rich
oh wow well I'm with you but also
watched it I just like BK girls it goes
dudes fucking cars it's true paid enough
fine the middle started I just meet some
random comment out of nowhere if someone
said they hated buses and I said fuck
that bus no oh fuck that bus and I said
that's the thing is they're probably
people that are sexually attracted to
buses luckily you were there to say you
know I've seen this documentary and then
we talked about the kids in the hot skin
and then we talked to other kids in the
whole skit and then we watched the kids
in the hall skip and that's the
documentary you know because nope
I'll watch that documentary I'm
interested in people's weird
fascinations just want to make sure if
koppel incoming calls that that is not
that we can talk to us do whatever
counts done eating
by the way old Chris in the chat I agree
this is really ridiculous how much this
is just Selden with a different art
style almost all of it and I don't know
whether I'm upset or not oh my god what
the fuck oh I heard that hey Pearlie
green L / green oh thanks for
subscribing we super appreciate it
did you guys hear the what the fuck
they'll see any second
oh I heard that one who's that krietor
krietor thanks for subscribing we super
appreciated
Oh echo - what the fuck's now that's
true this is so so this is the question
is is this because it's so much like
Zelda just with a dis slightly different
art style is this terrible or not what
or I mean is it bad of them to just make
it Zelda
no you saw a movie there was just under
a cusp of another movie you would say
this movie sucks cuz it's a ripoff Oh
Derek is super eyes platform can you
never make another platformer where you
run around and jump on things no of
course you can but you know maybe maybe
cuz cuz doom was the first person
shooter can you men never make another
first-person shooter but everything
about this game the the life bars the
sword the world has little grassy things
that you cut down like I should say like
I don't know much about videogames and
to me this looks like a direct ripoff of
Zelda alright so we can't play this
because it's a ripoff no I'm I'm just
saying I'm starting a conversation here
okay about inspiration and ripoffs and
look here's a do you heard chicken right
here's here's a question yeah
were they ever going to make like a
truly classic styles Allah again I don't
know isn't it kind of like an abandoned
idea at this point like it's like a
top-down yeah yeah maybe I don't know
even though even though later there's
more recent Game Boy ones I've had like
gimmicks like with the tabla and whatnot
sure sure
performing I'm talking about what and
where I'm going
yeah rich is getting angry which is good
yeah oh my god oh my god those killer
bunnies are back like I agree it's just
nice to play a zelda game yeah no matter
what the only problem is it's you know
they could have like if it was this
exact thing but instead of being in the
countryside you were like in a city
environment then it's like okay that's
different enough right but the world
looks exactly like Zelda be snoring
Jessie we shouldn't talk about video
games on our video gravitas shortfall
how come your sword isn't something
anymore cuz it's only when you're
clapping thank you for subscribing we
appreciate it and you're the reason why
Rich's sword isn't so big anymore
yeah somebody said that if zelda and
minecraft had a baby that would be this
game sure also listen to the music the
music is a direct result see what's
what's what's the what's the line jack
what's the line
binding of issac is basically the Zelda
dungeons
yes it's a one part of the Zelda games
and amped it up of course it's also
differ because it's procedurally
generated has a completely different art
style has a completely different story
and has mostly different gameplay
because you have the different weapons
again because it's procedurally
generated but you're right it's pretty
much the exact same as the Zelda
dungeons completely just an aside just
unrelated the skin looks a lot like
Zelda hey is this game actually Zelda no
you know you know what I don't know if I
have it on
I'm here right now but you know you that
the head this has the character creator
yeah I have a link yeah of course it's
beautiful
no it is I mean it's slightly different
I would I would say video games are more
akin to something like oh my god what
the fuck
shocked ma ah thank you for subscribing
please don't eat their faces can you
make a variety of like when people
subscribe and suggest what the fuck
where it's like there's a variety of
ones that could possibly go through yeah
like some shot but I could not
randomized but I could like change it up
day by day like every day we could have
a new one well I would be fine I think
people like the one fuck I like the what
the fuck I'd miss what the fuck you and
mizzen go on forever so in any case I
think video games are a lot more like
music where it's like if you hear two
bands that kind of sound similar to each
other it's more forgiving than two
movies that are exactly the same okay
and so no I'm not forgiving you're not
for hitting no no no my name is music
yeah like I heard a song and it was an
exactor that with another side yeah in
my mind it was at least carpeting I was
told that by the person I was debating
with that I was wrong okay and that I
was being snobby oh and I said I said
what if you I said it's the same well it
was the same concept it's not that the
song sounded the same it was the same
exact concept do you remember what it
was
yes I do pause it it was some stupid
Weezer song that's most recent
new ones had the same concept I like to
me as the disco song okay
is it the Weezer song that's on the
radio now their new single no no this is
I think I was on the right album or
something okay
one that I think the pork and beans some
run so I mean if that kind of a teaser
so I was listening to this and I was
being played and I'm like this is
bullshit
it can't be play it anymore so I'm just
going to tell you that this song reminds
me exactly if this and I think that it's
so understand what you mean like you
know there's there's there's you right
the wine yeah with certain things and
sometimes if you step a little too much
one way or the other it's cool towns
going oh okay god he's done eating
everything stops for Colin are you done
anything we can hear your audience have
to start before they can stop bridge
right where I can hear you let's see if
the why don't you give me a check one
two
okay so the chat should hear you they're
not safe to walk but they're always
gonna say you're too quiet
fuck that where are you oh my all my
Skype levels are up so so we're gonna
say that what they can hear you
okay oh it's Zelda this game this game
is called 3d Dot Game Heroes for the
PlayStation 3 yeah and it's super cute
and it's really neat game but it's it's
that look you even have a little fairy
yes fuck yes I like it but fuck this
tell people are saying that they can't
hear Collin okay everybody your speakers
up
oh the dungeons are Legos that's great
well the layout is also exactly like it
is in classic Zelda I know that's why
that's what I'm saying fuck it oh there
is a problem with the call Colin Colin
we lost you oh no this stream is a farce
this 98% filler that's a distress folks
also we just might not be able to do
this because of Internet
oh now I was calling too loud I don't
know nobody can make up their minds
I'm typing to Colin right now
Helen shocked la shad typing shock mine
in his little in his little shock Wow we
might have lost Colin forever this I
said Internet's a little a little buggy
over here trying to stream trying to
Skype the ps3 is I mean filling up this
room this this is giant I can't tell you
the last time I've seen a ps3 but it's
been a long time and this is the s4
isn't that much smaller a team it is the
this is the ps4 that much smaller it
looks smaller
okay maybe is it the piece for yes and
we put them next to each other it might
be a little smaller it's like a
different shape of square it's not a new
consoles have to be so big I can play
games on my cell phone I want answers
you don't need a big you can get a yeah
a what booyah we uh oh yeah
what is that it's a tiny little box like
this big
yeah and it's an android-powered like
gaming device and it was supposed to be
the next revolution in gaming devices I
had kind of failing it it was a
Kickstarter thing with their like we're
gonna open this up and you can customize
it we're gonna let anyone make games for
it but nobody wanted to it's still kind
of want one just because it does have
some really weird games on it oh yeah
and whoo yeah whoo yeah whoo yeah
also I don't know where Colin went
oh also that's Skype fucking with sounds
whenever whenever Skype turns on it
fucks with the sounds a little bit hold
on
it kind of failed it
year of glad I have done nothing but
make fun of this game
you're glad says this Glen this game is
terrible I'm blinded by my love of indie
games and no I've done nothing but you
get a boomerang in the game it's
shameless
I don't listen error I don't even give a
shit about video games
this is shameless this reminds me a lot
of our of our talk
guacamelee which is is basically a
Metroid ripoff right yep but a
completely different style different
world and it's a brawler instead of a
shooter so like they took the basic
concepts made it different enough but
still kept the core loved there this is
shameless what is the lock-up oh I
didn't hear the what the fuck that time
someone said that if whenever like he
did the same thing every adjusts your
stuff you can go into your settings and
fix that yeah let's do that but ooh yeah
a little bit my skype settings there
hold on
let's see here
see here Skype audio settings yeah I
haven't unclick to automatically adjust
speaker settings so that shouldn't be it
I don't know
watch me not know Advanced Options that
fuckit Colin's not calling back anyway
so here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
exit Skype he's not calling back he's
not he hasn't been oh okay well so I
just exited Skype and or I haven't why
is that happening
fucking Windows well please Lucy you
know that's very nice hey somebody said
something to me and it wasn't real
yes I'm sure once I quit Skype do not
ask me again just quit fuck
what was that hmm
someone in the game to see on No
oh no I hadn't for I was humming I
thought I heard someone just beyond it
was probably a ghost oh I think there
was a ghost there's a ghost here what is
this - - that of volume option I don't
know what's happening
I just heard it too was that you again
that was you
oh it wasn't I didn't even know you're
involuntarily humming you guys it's
getting too spooky in here
yeah well it's Halloween time it is so
yeah look a biscuit Jesse Jesse picture
my cat is napping banana cherry because
I'm chair yeah he is biscuit you it's
pretty great um so you guys yeah what's
been going on um what did you what'd you
do today did you do anything fun that or
exciting ate lunch yeah um
rich told me some filthy things about
people who fucked cards it was a whole
discussion was far too long it got
uncomfortable no I don't think it when
I'm far too long it's fascinating and
then we we transition there's a document
there similar that what about horses so
we talked about about that for a while
thanks dark sausage
probably when I guess we film some space
cop - but melon whatever we mainly
talked about car fucking mainly talking
about kind of funny that's great yeah
that's great
we're actually rewriting some a space
cop so the movie will now be about car
fucking we have to start over yeah we
got to start shooting the movie
completely over really yeah oh that's a
good question Phoenix rich are there
spikes in this game I don't think so
really there might be and I forgotten I
don't require there's like some zelda
because if there is there spikes on this
really care there's money yeah I ain't
get a letter computers hey hey kibble
the turtle I don't know why you're just
pasting paragraphs of information
seemingly off of or Wikipedia page but
stop it
a Wikipedia I Wikipedia page what is
that is that related to Wikipedia it's
like Wikipedia but hello okay why are
they doing they have to power it through
bicycle powers with a pail with the
pedal like a peddler how go so stop it
or else though I'm a banyan whoa yeah
it's true don't don't meet jack angry
huh well I haven't seen ox on Jay so I
got a yeah where is he
I gotta up my my ban hammer but Jack
what free Jack don't you know that
banning someone from this voluntary
service that you're not required to
provide don't you know that censorship
anyway I missed something but you can
tell me later I'll tell you later
yeah see now that's a good question will
there be spikes in the next Quaker
review yes though the one that's coming
out tomorrow right hey you're not
supposed to tell me oh oh sorry Mike it
Mike hasn't given us permission to say
when it's coming out of yet okay Jason I
won't say that it's coming out tomorrow
then okay it's not censorship when
you're censoring people you don't like
as long as I get to say what I want to
say doctor nothing else matters
yes yes
look at that little cowgirl dude yeah
this started cos Jack wanted to be a cow
barrel it's true you didn't what did you
you haven't played the game well cuz I
had I had to fix the game want to play
the game no I want to play the game I
don't play the boss but gobbledygook
what are you doing why are you doing
this
you know what I'm gonna do why are we
just why are we just posting paragraphs
of information off of Wikipedia what
information what kind of information is
the person when you money goal to not do
that no this is a different person who
has a pizza roll and they should know
better it gobbledygook quick posting
gobbledygook you guys you guys wouldn't
even read it won by so fast years
wasting your time Oh Jack got some big
news
oh yeah robot jocks oh come in a blu-ray
oh thanks to my friends at scream
Factory okay you're good friends you're
close personally close personal friends
and I don't know anyone it's green
factory I'm just a fanboy of screen
factory they do excellent work there
print out robot jocks and they're
putting out Ghoulies one in two I'm very
excited more self or Ghoulies two things
ulis one cuz goalies one sucks is that a
real space cop 64 trailer right someone
has a youtube link to what they're
calling a space cop 64 trailer
let's take jabs are yeah is it car door
now its thing
what is it a real thing oh I think I saw
this it's like a like a grind house type
trailer oh I've seen this before this is
the yeah Mark Smith this guy made are
the Richard Edlund versus his sons
poster oh thanks Mark Smith
do you want to play Jack yeah yeah yeah
if that is Mark Smith that most of that
we got your dick the birthday boys
poster thank you okay we have to get it
framed gotta go write a play now where
have you been in here
what's going on there's a map okay then
you gotta get to the Big Red Square
let's do it
cool alright I'll do it
all right so all these Wikipedia posts
was I don't know there's someone who's
posting like paragraph long stuff that
seems to be just copy and pasted from
what Wikipedia page don't make any sense
like what is about like Gamestation it's
just like what do you do it and then get
a letter so they miss game station
what I miss game station why but I like
the sense this the set
you mean minute damn I like it damn hey
anybody wants to help me paint look you
go ahead and do that well you move the
blocks look like plus signs just a
little mini possible ooh I'm yeah I see
you gotta move the two on the other of
the ends and then you can little one off
of the sock you know we should probably
do so we don't miss people subscribing
is unplug the headphones is that a
factor in us hearing they have a
subscriber thanks pull breezy thank you
for subscribing to bring easily recorded
live but do you think that we should do
that so then we can hear when I have you
won't hear though that way right are you
a feedback or something we can hear
through the headphone but we can't do
that or else you won't be able to
reasons why we cannot do that
unfortunately in a perfect world in a
perfect world richest aged 40 years
since Gamestation it's okay since damn
damn rich
why didn't I can confirm that that is
not true I mean happy birthday I guess
home Tom markup this is octo Jake I'm
saying that because of the spamming of
the Wikipedia stuff I like people say
stuff about stuff did you move back get
out of here I do I like this game
because it has bulky skeletons you hate
this game because it's too much like
Zelda it's it's not like Zelda it is
Zelda it is not an approximation of
Zelda this is exactly Zelda
and so even though I enjoy playing Zelda
in HD I feel I feel like I need to hang
out
so a simple change of setting and you
would be okay with it like a change of
setting maybe a chant maybe not a sword
maybe a different weapon maybe the
gimmicky art style isn't enough no I
don't think the gimmicky art style is
enough oh okay I see I see
oh yeah even if nothing else just
changing the weapon from a sword and a
boomerang to something else or beautiful
well you get a zero an ulti no I oh
you're gonna blow an arrow yeah that's
way bomb oh yeah here's snakey
yep make your tail go okay thank you I
do I love the art style I think it's
super neat and I love every time I break
something how it all smashes into little
gobbledygook but yeah it's just it's so
Zelda that it makes me it makes me feel
like I feel weird playing this I feel
like Nintendo's watching do you feel a
jack cheating J you were being uh a
hypocrite by hypocrite because binding
of issac is 100% rip off of zelda
haven't we been through this already
they might not have been here earlier
when you're discussing okay except for
the binding of issac is not a 100% rip
up a salad though it is a 95 it is an O
Maj to the dungeons of Zelda but unlike
Zelda it is procedurally generated it
has a different art style there are a
100% different weapons you never get a
sword in Binding of Isaac see your your
art style argument um John you
everything else is buying of Isaac
that's fine too the art style thing I
don't
that seems superficial it's you know
what it is superficial but that's part
of the game like the art is part of the
game it has a different story than Zelda
it has a completely different play style
of example
it's a different fucking game this is
exactly they'll know how it's a
different game oh because it has a
different name that's my biggest
complaint with this game is the fact
that it's just called The Legend of
Zelda
it's like bullshit what's the name
hold on let's find out what the name of
this game is this game is called The
Legend of Zelda on ps3 seems like I
can't do that yeah are there laws
against I kind of Kelsey Evan says Jack
needs to learn the lessons of life
obviously obviously you don't know the
lessons of life
look crocodile brain like like lion
brain don't don't about stuff you don't
like that guy doesn't even know what the
hell you're talking about
I hope they do we talked about it on
Sunday okay yeah oh I guess well but you
know for the tens of us who were there
and Sunday know is that someone made a
comment on our alien isolation review
that is it been bewildering collection
of words see if I can see if I can do it
for memory okay the alien doesn't have
eyesight you stupid dumb fat box skinny
Fox fat skinny bucks
it's instance it's in sensor it runs on
in sensor it is instance sir where's my
phone hey my phone's right there I'll
just pull it up I have a copy on my
phone at all so just clarify that one
one just clarify that one line okay
well well it's pure you're okay okay
your alien doesn't have eyesight you
stupid fat skinny fucks it runs on
instance Richard fucking but I don't
forget this it's pure I can't wanted to
say runs on goddamnit because that would
make more sense
I know every time I try to say this I
ate my brain like fills in the gaps
you're lying angry makes sense my lion
brain the alien doesn't have eyesight
are they trying to think that Lions
don't have eyesight and they run off
instance yes the Lions do have eyes so
does the aliens by the way no Annie Lee
doesn't advise this alien has idea what
yeah duh xenomorph has eyes we're its
eyes it doesn't fit recessed there a
minute are they yeah how do you ever
have you dissected one I don't think
this is okay chat do aliens have I help
help a bro it really doesn't matter even
if they don't yeah lions do lion
definitely does the alien doesn't have
eyesight you dumb fucks it's a pure in
sense instance fucking the tribe you did
trying look rocket out brain like lion
brain wait do I want to revive the boss
what what am i doing no I think you get
replayed that if you want oh I think
you're supposed to leave okay great
we're gonna do that
sorry what you were sending I've lost my
spot oh oh this again
sure you know that the warps you to the
entrance
okay yeah great
look crocodile brain don't play the game
uninstall it was that it that's it don't
play the game uninstalling oh god damn I
had this memorized and now I'm dropped
likes I can just pull it up okay race
believe it
just read it there you go are yours
here's the whole thing here's the whole
cumin the guy's name was sure is I mean
that's neat yeah it's this trick let me
play the alien doesn't have eyesight you
dumb fat skinny fucks it's pure instance
look crocodile brain like lion brain is
that supposed to be like crocodile
lady's giving to jazz don't play the
game
uninstall at you boring twats don't
don't about stuff you don't like do you
know lessons of life you're talk about
stuff you do like twats pin Rises
YouTube comments really yeah stop
wasting brain cells trying to remember
something stupid it's so stupid it's
brilliant yes it's billion oh yeah I
just came from there
didn't it where oh no I'm the green
thing apparently we missed a Quinto soap
or Quinn's zero this is you have the
headphones what you can't listen or hear
when the headphones are by your eyes and
not on you eat I guess you're well
enough to hear me scream what the fuck
hey you missed it miss Oaxaca Quinto
thank you for subscribing
alright I just got it so Oh someone's
saying did he end up becoming it reads
differently on the YouTube page now oh
did he correct his stuff after everyone
gave Martin fucker
we we have a screen cap on someone
someone screen captain posted to the
previously recorded Twitter so we have
proof of his moronic comment okay
he would oh he tried to fix it in post
that's that skinny fat fuck ain't
getting away with that one no how do you
change it you can edit no I mean what
did he change it to is what I'm
wondering it makes so little sense you
see if I can find it
it's not like a top comment or anything
is it it should be it should why is it
not it's not make me know that you've
mentioned it how it says the alien does
not have eyesight fat skinny Fox it's
pure instinct okay so he change that
it's crocodile brain like lion brain
animal nature don't play the game
uninstall it you boring twats don't talk
about snow the view of lights in there
it's common knowledge humans get
canceled from being negative don't talk
about stuff you don't like it's common
knowledge humans get canceled for being
negative do you know lessons of do you
know lessons of life talk about stuff
you do like so he corrected himself and
he made it it's not but he added new
sections that are just as bad that's
wonderful
that guy just gave me a sticky white
stuff that's too far Jack know that he
did oh oh I think we're talking about
the common no in okay okay
he said there's some sticky white stuff
on the ground and then it said obtain
sticky white stuff
okay well that's excited so gross just
be careful that the the sticky white
stuff does not give you cancel
I don't know if I want to edit it back
or not
if I had the power to edit it back I
don't know it does say edited so if you
edit your own coming it shows up and
everyone can see that you edited it so
oh that's really funny that guy's the
best
that guy's no progress from Collin no
did he just vanish I think so Cullen's a
crazy man maybe he feels long in a hole
maybe you realize that it really wasn't
working but I would still think you
would like yeah like imma know it
disconnected on his and like obviously
our internet is still working because
we're streaming yeah and since like
something happened and did you ask him
what happened no would you like me to
just ask if he's okay and let us know
that he did not fall down a well make
sure he does just make sure he doesn't
think we hung up on him or something
yeah that's true I'll call him and I'll
put him on speaker okay okay skinny fat
fuck
oh no comment got canceled oh no go get
a new one
oh wait yeah um we just wanted what oh
well maybe maybe not
may we're we might be having some weird
internet things just because because
we're streaming and then stuff like that
so maybe we have to give this a try
another day when I'm not streaming from
my laptop yeah exactly adding for
technical issues can hear better now
than they could on skype or something
of course or we'll just do this we'll
just talk to you through Jesse's phone
this is working better
okay okay okay bye Colin
that was Collins
that was goin
you get trying it okay oh god I'm
getting it baby come here B got a lamb
jack huh you gotta wait these the lamb
come on it where's my oh there's
boomerang oh my god you're gonna get
killed by a boomerang no I hit it with
my boomerang look stunned block them B
career B may get you gonna catch you Oh
yep
can it beat come here beat B each you
know I'm saying
Oh oh yeah I need I need that can my
magic help me what are these said what
is this what do you know what is this
thing all that changes your item yeah
but it like what's the X thing why is it
an egg oh this is a good comment I'm not
sure it's not my head been a while since
I played this game whoever did the FTL
animation for prereq yeah needs to do
animation for the you tots coming right
if you're listening whoever did that
animation uh-huh get on this will give
you a good reading of it if that's what
you need
sure yeah give you an audio of rich
saying that do I know
so let's go back to the castle I've been
heading the wrong direction this entire
time yeah yeah are you still the cowgirl
yeah you're always a cowgirl no no you
can be a bunch of different things they
saw you can be a guy with a pumpkin for
a head you're gonna get a shark fin J
can I change out of the shark fin
sticking it like like swimming through
the ground yes a chance mid-game I don't
know
Oh BC I thought that said bestiality no
maybe if you save and load easier I
don't know bestie area see what happens
let's see what happens crazy training
new save ya back okay so now if we quit
right um let's see if we can I wanna be
the shark fin or maybe maybe we'll just
be linked it will just plays elbow hurts
looks so annoying every time we make a
comment about this vegans alva this is a
fun game I like this game yeah sounds
great Nintendo wasn't doing anything
interesting with it when this came out
and yeah they were just making Wind
Waker that's when this came out when did
this come out post winwakerwinwaker was
a fucking Gamecube I'm Skyward Sword
oh oh you is that the bad one that's the
bad one
so does giving you the option huh yeah
remember you good now cuz I when I
played this the first time I did switch
once or twice I could be a taco man yes
that's awesome
I kind of want to be a taco man and a
Venus flytrap wow that's great
so
now it looks like Zelda is not on air
links not on here hey I guess it's like
a user made thing I think ok I want to
be the shark fin go for it ok let's see
this is this okay how do you do you
don't have limbs
you don't need limbs are you feel the
soreness is gonna be floating there
nothing's gonna be swimming around that
sounds like a lazy uh yeah your sharpen
and you just said you set up oh that's
great ok that and I kind of love this
black I think I'm supposed to go back to
the castle I'm the high opinion of this
game up a notch
but just a little bit you tired
we're all tired Gary black no man beep
yuqian yep your penis or as a shark yes
sure puking a sword no there's there's
sort replacements you can get - oh is it
you can like buy like like a mallet can
you replace them with you and things
like that there's a whole bunch of
different sorts you can get
okay keep all this under matte black
black black can I kill the king
I'm the king now bitch I'm a jerk Tommy
told me you go home that drunk they can
go home drunk I'm just sleepy they
probably are all oh yeah you you go they
probably are home and someone seems
shocked that that's sword but wasn't a
big lunch it was a regular lunch
I can't tell use my map you're sleeping
mm-hmm supposed to go go outside okay
maybe you don't worry about what's going
on everything everybody ever said right
is everybody at home right this is
important probably the blinking red
thing just over it okay let's go dude
Zelda music yeah you and your crocodile
plane laughs it's more like Lion Brand
am i right
I'm Jesse I'm just drinking hundreds in
I need that help
we had to get up at 9:00 a.m. that's a
normal people wake up I know I did about
7:30 I have it senator know an ayat like
getting up and going to work by 9:00
a.m. is actually what the majority of
people do it's true band I have a
subscriber I don't know the name yet
Ellen Beck oof is that right Baku Ellen
Baku's thank you for subscribing
yeah water that was great
okay now the game is a little better now
that I'm playing as a shark oh not the
art style is it's different enough from
Zelda the fact that you can be a shark
fin that vomits of a sword is this fun
you can you if you yes but you're
limited by your creativity you can
custom make models okay there's like you
know five different frames you have to
work with that's neat yeah and you can
build it a little little block by block
I mean I might want to make it mean you
could I might want to make a mean you
narcissist I mean that's what you're
supposed to do this game right so then
you can be like I'm the hero
what's the shield again now you play
games so you can be people that aren't
you know it's a nice ism thank you
exactly
my dude these are on an app okay I want
to be the hero I want to be the one that
saves a day okay that's it's the fantasy
instead of instead of having someone be
my avatar as the hero I could be the
hero that's what makes a game a
different enemy why don't you be a hero
in real life don't you know the lessons
of life thank you
no lessons or lesson just lessons
lessons don't you know lessons of life
will never get old never get old
I just I love that yet it is common even
if he didn't fuck it up if he just the
fact that he edited it makes me happy
the fact that you fucked it up makes it
even better
yes you see know that comments become
something of a thing a minor thing well
the fact that people care it up that
it's one of the top comments no yeah
that's that's so great I mean that's a
special one yeah listen that's that's a
that's a one in the million comments and
as someone who moderates the comments
for the YouTube channel I can tell you
that's a special
oh thanks are like oh fuck you yeah here
crack of that brain my Apple oh my Apple
got sucked up by the world changing yep
did he reply to any of these people yeah
whew oh yeah
Diddy yeah what does it say does it come
crocodile brains they comment spread
like cancel oh you guys are killing
tonight you're doing a better job than
we are chit that's what they're there
for they're there to pick up parts lick
em I apologized for tonight because a
long couple days for our okay so guy
says to what sigh what the fuck are you
even sane and I need such a few more
things and then our guy replies would
feel warm and happy just don't expect me
to followed ya batty when the time comes
to exit all remaining consequences what
he's like a bad lip reading he's gotta
know some English right hi he makes
words that I recognize yeah he knows
words he has he has a let's play channel
oh really
but he doesn't talk in any of them it's
just game play I checked out his channel
oh he oh yeah here's his channel that is
alien isolation on here but it's just
gameplay he doesn't talk oh but he calls
it alien isolation alien the video you
know I it's the clip of what the alien
comes oh okay okay well that makes sense
I'll give him that
but he doesn't do anything he doesn't uh
if you go to the discussion page of his
YouTube channel someone actually said
don't don't about reviews you don't
agree with lion brain it's a thing you
guys are great and I love you
thing you guys are fantastic like 90% of
the time me only about 70 rich yeah
you're 110 percent you're so awesome
that you help other people who would
normally be less awesome be awesome like
like like lion bring my client really
it's midnight it's a away its revenue
I'm sorry I made you yarn and surveys
jeopardy in it did you get check by that
thing yeah I need venting nah I don't
know if I happen to got signmagic was I
don't think you can use it yet okay I
can't go there they're doing a thing I
see I get it by the way I like it
I get it and I like it okay go there
alright I get it and I like it you know
why cuz I'm pretty sure this is done so
do you do
hey you go get me sucker
oh my god it's tree monster it's tree
monster okay yeah I mean are you getting
bored
what no no that that sprite is exactly a
sprite from and there are these these
are mob ones basically
Oh nope I think I figured out the work
doodle but I'm sure can i play some
lollipop chainsaw at some point yes any
point somebody they heard the word young
and then they ond that that's the way
your lion brain works I mean this is a
crocodile brain no it's the crocodile
brain is that how the car grabbed her
yeah I like dogs cats me skin is really
cute right
he said the uses on chair here's the
thing kittens are super adorable but
when they're cats they just look like
asshole you know I like big fluffy cats
yeah don't like like the scrawny cats
with the short hair oh sure like big
fluffy guys yeah I think that they're
cute yeah but I love I love dogs the end
somebody else just you and everybody why
don't we all just go and tell you now
and then we'll come back in 15 minutes
we got white will be rejuvenate wicked
life screams a nap it's the only way to
go
is there a thing I'll figure this out
Delta did you even did you miss exits I
don't think I did but magic right out
all right
oh oh I did I see what's happening here
okay okay this way nope this person's
wrong please
he said that dogs are shit and cats are
awesome but that's wrong I I go up yeah
up doesn't I thought it went up
apparently you didn't parently I didn't
I'm here for these things this is why
you're here for all right I came into
this room just from another angle
it's a you have to come in the right
angle okay okay oh okay
see there's no exit there right here
this yeah doesn't do it that doesn't do
it I try huh
oh well okay maybe that's just my
personal preference about short-haired
cats I guess oh I have this what is that
there
it's a lion brain you know post the
picture of your short haired cat on the
stream can they do that
yeah I would love to see that or post it
somewhere so we can see it and then I'll
tell you if I think that your cat is
cuter net jacks cat is cute so cute if
you know what biscuit looks like that's
my type of
the darling fluffy
Oh
we're doing some neutral yeah oh yeah
okay then bring it back Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ get out of here tree
monster
don't know
okay over here up here over here this
way have you considered him Mike before
I really don't care his comments are too
amusing yes he is probably foreign but
him also his problem isn't that he's
four he's making typos it's like yeah
and he's making hilarious typos pencil
huh
cancel cancel yeah oh I got a small
block I always love when people make
really angry complaining comments about
a video or a person being so negative
but don't forget the irony no they don't
of course they don't
oh yeah yeah I see they can't picture
this one yep I got oh I got it I got it
thank you for pointing that out did I do
it
can I do it oh good I did
hey aren't you user names everybody
let's be let's be decent people about
that sutures yep yep this absolutely is
or we can all just be decent people for
a little bit just a little bit just
enough for the stream after the stream
you go will you go back to do whatever
you want to do we're all gonna be decent
it's gonna be great it's gonna be a
weird time and everybody's gonna feel a
little uncomfortable but it'll be fine
Oh dream on Sarah also I'm gonna make
out of this goddamn maze I don't know
that you can jack am I just supposed to
I got this thing damn it people just
posting images of cats Jesse asked them
I walk out one second just can't was
that cyber Coon cyber come let's camp
that's cute
that's clicking some of the other ones I
asked okay
that's a cat Oh who's that
that's like this our wonderful yo-yo
that that probably means something this
one oh I think that's it the cats
oh just two yes
oh that looks like something important
magic up
many good ones no so here comes more how
do you have that magic toast there you
go that's a nice one
oh I didn't know that was a magic stone
what is this that's a map Oh a child
pride yes we do need more copies of nuke
you can see the route you need to take
now agree Jack how many more copies of
new key would you say we need we got the
last two today Jay you didn't check the
bill yet the last two came in today no
no we need six we can yeah we do now we
come to those two those are those are
accounted for with those with those who
we need six we need six more copies of
new key and then we'll be able to to do
our grand new key plan okay so one one
two
okay we need more confidence Wow
Jesse's gone bye-bye Egon but that's
referenced in ghostbusters forever
ghostbusters
why wouldn't I remember ghostbusters you
know what someone should do someone
should reboot ghostbusters they just
make a plan this is a good dick neutral
go 1944 she asked me if I wanted to see
her pussy and I said no thank you I'm
allergic
yeah I like that
that one's relevant to me had more
people come by who were definitely
allergic to cats you know what happened
thing killer J nothing happened nothing
happened because biscuits hypoallergenic
I still have a hard time believing that
this is a thing this is true it doesn't
make any sense to me my dad came by the
other day and he is deathly allergic to
cats
yeah and he came by for the first time
and didn't even need to take a little
little what you've done if your father
were horribly allergic to biscuit he
doesn't come over that often so you
would choose a cat over your father no
no I feel like let's say he got ill I
needed to stay with us we would get rid
of the cat of course good if I would
bill the stop lights you know somebody
said I'm allergic and I had a cat Oh
dick neutral she's my sister she's my
daughter she's my sister and my daughter
I'm thoroughly confused on how this is
possible
mmm-hmm Jessie done impressive that one
I don't get that um it's a reference to
Chinese yeah never seen China okay to
get moving it's on my list
yeah you know what oh we got trying to
town back when Netflix only sent out
DVDs so in the dark ages
yeah we got Chinatown a DVD and it was
the goddamn four by three version
oh and I was like what the fuck is this
yeah crow T robot just subscribed
apparently I didn't see that but I don't
see a lot of things subscribing must've
clunks can cuz I didn't hear the one
there's no scheme I think it's scam hide
Jay's not he's not clicking on any
pictures of cats anymore everybody what
wait there he goes whose was that oh I
don't know no that was in : yeah oh
maybe fluffy cat oh I gotta say these
cants don't do anything for me it's not
you people to me
can we get pictures of everyone's dogs
now maybe that'll change Jays mind it
probably will can I drag this dead body
over and place it on a switch
oh you didn't get it in here to see the
dash boots hold down the square oh yeah
like do that okay hey hey damn it toes
is this YouTube video you keep posting
your own video cuz if so stop posting it
why is it bad
I don't know what it is but just stop
posting it just stops family in your
video and that's what the case yeah just
stop there's time into place this famine
you know you don't put it out what I'll
put it out there once may put it out
there once yeah but if I'm mistaken I'm
sorry but you keep posting the same
thing over and over this is the
revealing thing okay this is magic
revealing magic switch this yeah oh no
I'm saying that could be this thing
remember you're here come to what from
the dog pictures that's Skynet 9001 yeah
that looks like an intelligent dog look
about that dog sure okay that's that's
not text and those two ah
that is a cute puppy keep the puppies
what the families aren't working this
Lindsey yo-yo she's posted the candy
right you hear damage in your inventory
he had no be playing earlier I found one
not this new game sorry no um you gonna
give me there's a kitten in the boot
that's not a dog it's a cat though but
it's a kitten is there another door you
could take somewhere else are you can
you go down down no down to exit oh I
think I need that candle oh wait hey oh
my god I like that that's a great dog
what is that huh fuck fuck bot mm kind
of dog is that fuck bought mm that's a
weird-looking dog yeah car she never
does it's an interesting looking dog
okay we gotta find a candle do I have
like a different okay all right is there
an inventory I don't know maybe I don't
wanna maybe I have to hit a different
button
yep Oh Kendall okay oh there's oh no no
I know that that's the ugly dog call the
dungeon for us just in case
that's a cab or don't hats people keepo
you can say hi it real she's a puzzle a
puggle that's a thankless yeah I never
heard of this what is its highlighted
I'm assuming if you go to your inventory
what is the dog's name well what is your
dog's ex
there we go yes
okay so let me find more of those the
echos it'll run out probably probably I
don't know how long that's got
oh can I use now probably get probably
not
you can see the correct wall right
unless I don't have any bones Oh No
so will you get by them probably okay
boggans oh hey spikes there's spikes
where's spikes these things have spikes
on them there's kinda spiky their spikes
their spikes that Ram you know their
spikes they're technically spices is a
Soviet Russia okay
yes spikes Ram you J wow that's that's
beneath that's offensive D a coffee I
feel you're stealing a cow's butt he
spent minutes developing a lifetime rich
he spent a lifetime developing that egg
shark can to Dungey got a key oh I got a
key that was not a question got a key or
got a key those are two very different
things
yeah is he doing a thing
what's going on I don't know okay he's
opposed to my exposing one word at a
time
something about Jesus Christ and I don't
know okay Oh watch me AK here let me get
in here
are you getting in here get out no
boomerang to hit button oh oh oh thank
you do it tight thank you
sorry I mean you should be what why
should you apologize
oh no oh you blew up Oh game over
great you up for a little bit Jay you
want to see Lanka drinks on him
yeah okay well switch that's which games
I'll be back in a second
Jam be back in a second hey let's take a
break okay let's take a commercial break
we'll be back or not whatever

[Part II]
okay now the mic is on welcome back
everybody
everybody's going everybody's gone
everybody's gone now you're out here I'm
gonna try and play lollipop guild
what does this game my butt yeah well I
fuck your life up Gilbert where's the
headphone set here's that once so I can
hear the game J's gonna play a lollipop
chance I'll hold on until I get bored
also the dick Kilroy
with V all caps we're kind of done with
the all-caps thing so give it a break
with the all-caps thing let's uh let me
update the thing here
I want to find lollipop chain made all
chainmail for ps3
all right
if updates up great here it is I don't
know what I'm not signing into no
PlayStation Network don't do that I just
wanna get out of there
it's trap don't do it I just want to
stab things yep that is what you want to
do have you ever played this game - I've
never played this game okay um this this
game was written by James Gunn literally
the only thing I know about it and I
believe this is a suit of 51 I don't
know what that means
okay I mean let me double-check that Oh
difficulty normal I will you can't get
the full effect when you play no okay
the fuck did you play normal this is a
suit of 51 game he's rich is this a suit
of 51 yeah yeah so he's he's a
well-respected in the gaming world he
did 51 did No More Heroes then oh okay
and he did some other you say was uh
well his latest one got some got some
flak I'll start from the stop sir
where's the start oh for parking it was
our bargain okay start this stage yes I
will start this stage wait what oh no no
I can there's always time for candy corn
I'll take half of them okay how's that
sound
that sounds great all right enjoy sorry
everybody
okay what am I doing here there's gonna
fight zombies well okay but see that's
lollipop or chainsaw or whoever that is
it's a beat'em up how do I play
yeah yeah he didn't kill her well you
have to wait and this looks like a load
is a load screen yeah
if I want to play it now well they did
the graphics are so intense they have to
ramp up they have to wrap them up I did
update the title on Twitch the video
games on my iPhone load faster than this
get up together PlayStation it's still
loading now thanks Sam Romero high
school oh I get it with you
okay broadcast update successfully so if
you refresh your screen now it should
say that we're playing lollipop chainsaw
so this is just a dumb high school
chiller cheerleader that has to fight
zombies yeah that's basically the game
she she's a zombie hunter she fights
zombies it's okay oh so she's not a dumb
cheerleader she's she's perky okay she's
bubbly but she's not dumb okay
oh my lord Oh oh my lord this looks
great
whoa ah yeah it's too bad you're not
doing any of this yeah I would love to
actually okay now you do the jump over
their head and cut them from underneath
let me get more booze as the game goes
on okay earn points you can use those
points to unlock different rules
what's woop approval glare that
yeah we're rich we're chugging a little
stage should tell you the basics of how
to climate and what buttons do one yes
Jay knows that James gonna rock this
game I'm not sleepy I using the pad it's
the it's the other one yeah what yeah oh
I should be isn't this yeah you're in
the pause menu now what how did this
happen I got here how did this happen I
just want to I just want to kill zombie
oh no no you can kill something again so
there's I move that's how I swipe yeah
there's none you can stun a zombie with
a melee move the chainsaw will like
instantly killed it Oh what what is this
telling me to Georgia to move the
chainsaw you're cutting the door open I
am yes am I doing this
yes I'm not doing this you don't arrow
to do it might down arrow
Oh God thank you pause it I don't know
fuck this I'm done with this game
already well I just want to stamp things
so I do you press brick how do I get out
of there Harold I'm just bored here oh
okay the square part this is one you
have to hit okay
it's just way too complicated
god I just want to kill zombies this
chainsaw fighting shape they got stars
under their head they're stunned
what I'm pinning the button I'm hitting
the gun dear once mister there we go oh
my god why is nothing happening that my
fault the gameplay sucks it's true it's
so true
hey I said getting Jay to play is like
handing a world war 2 that the
controller did you do it I don't know I
did something how you do it you have a
chainsaw is your name lollipop
she likes lollipops her name is Juliet
oh ok
she likes lollipops and she has a chance
up yes ok fine no I'm with you I'm with
her chainsaw hasn't built-in phone what
or chainsaws phone just chainsaw boat
where's this game called lollipop
chainsaw how am I supposed to go back
this way
No
don't go in that fire go down here yes
this is waiting go
well
oh okay
you don't grate j.j you need to use your
lion brain is he's using crocodile don't
use your Kraken opera there's nothing
happening here that's right back in
jay-z all you have to do is pogo jump on
bad guys to kill I'm used to two buttons
yeah now he's got four well I feel like
I'm hitting buttons and it's not doing
what it did before this is a nightmare
oh dude they're saying you're doing so
bad you're making me look good
wow that's embarrassing
trick-trick different button combination
she might do different loops that's what
I'm kind of trying to do but everything
just makes my hands turn into pom-poms
it's junk did Jay just wake up from 1942
or some I think you're doing fine right
why nah
oh hey that's good
yeah I feel like okay that's the jump
button yeah that's the pom-pom button
the pom-pom button right I'm hitting
these buttons and everything is just
pom-poms and jumping yeah well
oh yeah you're right Jay needs to find
a fire flower or a tanuki feather and
then he'll be fine I don't know what any
of these things mean oh oh yeah yeah
every rich dust has taken the controller
for me and I guess he's right I'm trying
to find the many to show you what what
kind of moves you can do but oh that's
the menu there somewhere
yes I guess I don't have many unlocked
right now I got you okay
like like triangle triangle axe yeah
like that'll do a lollipop menu we know
how many lollipops you have five out of
five hey J is supposed to be my backseat
gamer
Hey look I'm gonna get a lollipop you
can eat a lollipop another store help
oh they're asking if this is your
favorite Zelda game it's not
I'm getting coins oh that's good that's
like Mario yeah there you go this this
is a ripoff of mario this coins and
break things and coins come out yeah the
Martha Washington says I I never seen
anyone get defeated by the men you can't
do anything oh oh no it doesn't help
that the sound seems to be not in sync
with the video I don't know if that's
related to the stream or what but oh I
did something if you want
it's we can hear it oh oh I don't even
need these no oh okay
whoa parenting with combo move it's
working if that bus good whoa okay
try the move you learn I don't I already
forgot how I did it
geez try spinning that's a good trick
Jesse will not tell you her favorite
movie until you spell her name right
yeah that's very true
and even then I probably still love ya
they go every movie is my favorite right
yeah I just I'm not used to the
PlayStation controllers cuz I don't
think I've ever played one before that's
right
oh you can teach an old je new trick
Thanks crunches cream crunch I just
decapitated that guys scream crunch is
creamy yeah
someone is asking me what the history
someone said Jack what's the history of
Milwaukee what people and they move here
mmm and it's City you know what I lived
here I can tell you why we're called the
Cream City yeah I don't think I know
that it's color episodes they used adult
most of the moments exactly it's at
bricks we have very special cream
colored bricks and we used to
manufacture them way back in the day and
so a lot of our older buildings are this
lovely cream colored bricks and that's
why we're called the cream see having
anything to do with milk or cheese or
anything it's because of the rice cream
city bricks it's pretty cool that's the
history of mochi that's all jack rich if
you had to give one advice to an
aspiring game designer what would it be
rich hello game that's what that's what
I advice I would give to make a game it
would be great that's it
make a game and had everybody shit on it
because people are horrible assholes
like us the advice I can give you is
that of of a video producer which is
make something that you would enjoy
that's all of you I make stuff I like
and hopefully other people like it too
or say horrible things on YouTube you
know you do it try to make ourselves
laugh exactly
you don't know what do you do you jump
over their heads like that leapfrog
thing and use the chainsaw you'll do
that like jump over them and break the
chainsaw up son - oh that's always fun
wait what I didn't hear a word you said
I'm busy playing rich that's a better
question if we have to give advice to an
aspiring city designer what would it be
he's freeing colored bricks here's what
I've seen that's been done before lay
out your Legend of Zelda of cities the
what I don't know I was trying to make a
joke about this is all the stuff earlier
but I'll distract it because I'm trying
to kill zombies whites Oh No that guy's
dead make your streets in a grid-like
pattern cuz we got some fucked-up
streets here in Milwaukee home on the
end on angles and they're not they're
not a zombie now Jack perfect grid
pattern
well who cares I'll just kill him on hey
no he's stronger than normal zombie this
is fresh oh I see how it works yeah
that's why you spread by the way I I'm
gonna say this
when does the James Gunn happen yeah
this is just killing zombies now I
haven't even gotten to a cutscene how
did I skip any there's one the opening
game that we just never got we can go to
the main menu at some point wait for it
to play on its own but there's like a
whole intro thing for the game
oh my god where am I
look you gotta use a lollipop Jack I
don't know how to do that I don't know
what that means
how do you see our own I don't remember
right Spence the restart button is there
a give up button hey so I just want to
jump on mushrooms and collect coins mmm
doesn't get one
where's the head damn it all right now
yeah I gotta work of you this is Starla
so the iris is just gonna take the game
away from me oh there we go there we go
on youse all right you know how do I get
best circle button
and you had to make you baptized that's
good no you can't get rich rich what do
you think are about the alien isolation
whoa what this happens Oh Marco haha I
mean zombies I don't know what this
means but did you do your usual your
little special meter gauge thing oh
great you probably accidentally hit the
button that did that bow count but I
wasn't a bad time to hit that bus sure I
well that's why I did it on purpose
now you found the fun to walk on they
did yeah that's why the circles over
that one it targets a specific zombie oh
oh god damn it don't want to get
cancelled yeah it's the circle cutter
might as like pop up you're hitting the
button that doesn't regard it something
you're doing is hitting that but I'm I
hate this this is too many buttons
that's kind of what I'm doing well
that's good
Oh No
oh that's a good question rich does this
game have kill three no three something
like that did you know that real games
have good three it's got something
called Sparkle hunting Sparkle hug big
barkal hunting great you kill like the
more zombies you can kill in one blow
the more points you get
okay
yeah just got a phone or chainsaw oh
yeah it's in the chainsaw that was it
that's the story no system the service
that seems where the cuts its Boeing I
I hate kitchens but Jay only wanted to
play this for the James gun story yeah
there's no James gonna eat a penis I'm
very much a between levels okay
the character's name is Juliet then that
might be a connection to trouble you
miss you did miss the intro so there
wasn't intro animus primal said asks
Jack I have a question about patching in
a Skype call from Canada a lot into a
live stream can you help me with that
apparently not I want to say good answer
it was too much it was too much for for
my laptop to handle maybe when I have my
big computer in here we can handle it
better
I killed that lady yeah yeah
those just those two murders man your
own business but they're zombies they're
zombies so oh all right
Mariah I'm serious thanks for
subscribing you super appreciate it
are you guys doing the Wikipedia thing
again cut that out
or am I supposed to go what
nice done here yeah okay
Carol are you guys okay
Jack I have a question about keeping my
hair can you help me with that nope nope
nature took most of it I took the rest
best decision you ever made uh yeah ya
know now that I've done it I really
enjoyed
holy fuck and they're having
conversations with other men who have
also shaved their head it's always the
same everyone everyone loves it wants to
do it how's the wife feel about that
yeah she thinks it looks significantly
better than my background yeah if you
look back at those first couple of
that's the worst episodes I'm in
terrible they do whoa Sparkle hunting
why five zombies me go back in time
would you call is more yeah yeah
definitely
sooner sooner yep
Oh fun do if you have a question about
FTL riches here he'll answer once less
the FTL question I don't know if what
they're saying with no hair jacked looks
like he has canceled
yeah lost in Technicolor it looks like
James Gunn just wrote a hot girl runs
around with the chainsaw yeah that's
kind of all this is what you having it's
fine it's fine
buzz you know
my meeting place so I can get you to the
James Gunn stuff quicker you know I
already don't care anymore
Oh
oh that's a good question does the actor
who plays rich Evans remain in character
even when you're not recording he does
he commits that's not even his real name
that's just a stage name okay the FTL
question is rich in FTL are are there
any quests you do not accept
I don't know if there's any really a
good reason not to you can accept them
you don't necessarily have to complete
it in fact why did you skip a quest yeah
oh wait
are they talking about just events that
quest that you won't will won't even
bother with like like the the giant
spiders one is that I won't even touch
the template Pole yeah you don't wanna
you don't wanna do that
well fuck 5 mm red letter media says
you're welcome
he fucked by 2000 wanted to thank red
letter media for all the entertainment
thank you I'm gonna use a lollipop Jake
how do I do that
yeah accidentally almost hit at 17 times
so I'm just pushing buttons you need to
find that button device what is the
button push rich I know to get out of it
I push the circle but I can't get to
with the circle what happens any press
sir I jump okay how about triangle
triangle these don't do anything that
get me to that I post all those buttons
shoulders the shoulder but how about
select Bobby well fuck this I hate this
Oh see that's not it this isn't it video
games are stupid I'll stick the Octodad
for a while that was fun
Rich's idea of helping me is to just
take the controller and play the game
yeah this is rich plane now hey
where these days puffer so how many's
your star this is it one look they have
special suits their suit zombies so
maybe here chainsaw can't cut through
this huge I might my mouth stop working
for a second yeah
make them explode
right
no don't hurt Jerry you got him no I
love Jerry he was my favorite ring the
doorbell hey Morin three thank you for
subscribing the headphones on now
there's some talky stuff
Jack has the headphones oh my god
here it is day
I know he's trying to kill Teen Wolf
cut his arm off horse in a blood stream
I guess no you got you can do it you can
still you can still do it
the sound is totally out of sync the
capture oh okay you can look at the
captured thing what thing do it
what
okay I can see some James Gunn in this
worst birthday ever
yes
she does she cut off his head yeah why
not the arm oh that's fun
when at the arm cuz she knew she had to
kill him
no she's trying to save him didn't you
say something we can use to play throw
up and start the next level okay we
prevent so I go to the high school now
yeah
yes okay okay hey
it's a good question they want to know
rich yeah if you're wearing panties no
no I'm not do you want me if you want to
hear me say that we watch the fucking
review
he's gonna be a severed head isn't he
yeah
yeah just ahead yeah he's gonna like the
excessive swearing yeah
he's got a little tight
and she wears him okay all right no on
Anson I've no idea what I hit to do that
I got to take those headphones off to
Johnny I know they're driving me bonkers
oh oh okay
now I figure it out yeah that's great so
you wear your boyfriend's severed head
around with you know game he does some
special things sure oh yeah like she can
swing them around
sometimes Oh Sheriff that's fun that's
fun you get you do you win this round
game no cut you win this room cuts I
enjoy the cutscenes I don't enjoy the
game it's the exact opposite of usual
so they just made a little movie going
from cutscene to cutscene with a little
bit of slashing you would find this an
acceptable movie yes thank you that
lollipop I think I will
Shaq my little video game
that's Givens James Gunn uses that name
and everything oh really
yeah I don't know if it's like someone
he knows or what but that name shows up
and everything yes this is a suit of 51
game soon 51 game written by James Gunn
Marquand what oh you do you clicked on
the power of that oh you went ahead
power up does that mean how do I do
these things when I'm just hitting the
same buttons over and over what
I mean you shake them and coins come
Bobby I know you shaken oh there is what
yeah this is insane so you're buying a
moose I can't figure out how to do the
basic moves why do I need new ones
Wow goddamnit more of these zombies
you're right I ain't donuts J there's
only ten buttons on this controller you
need to I can handle the two buttons
Maxim that's the extent of it I know how
to jump and I know what 1u does the
chainsaw and like combos or anything
like that or completely a foreign
concept to me so okay hey rich can you
turn down the TV slightly they're
complaining of a slight echo okay we
have this we're listening to it on the
TV which is why you hear the slight echo
so that we should have fixed that
problem now
the new suit of 51 game already came out
right it was like killer is dead killer
is dead
that's that's the one that got him some
flack what flag did he get for that I
don't remember I don't pay attention to
things but I remember flare we talk
about flak cannons again yeah he got a
flat cannon okay and it worked out
really well for me
the genius rare therapy is on the other
person I'm gonna fight all the time I'd
rather be a person that has to fight all
the zombies yeah yeah because that's you
know I'd still have a chance here zombie
your fuck you smash it that's that's the
best anything is the best the good
zombie movies is the survival aspect to
us sure oh no you failed again I did
with the head her people are people
watching this frustrated that I'm not
doing anything significant as far as
like combo moves or whatever you have to
be doing in these games no no you know
mostly it was talking about the game at
going and we're having some internet
issues so the game stuttering a little
they're just making fun of all the
technical things not asking some
questions that I'm not gonna even bring
up there any good questions yeah I
thought this guy's legs and I stabbed
him okay if you were fighting zombies
this is my own question okay if you guys
are fighting zombies what weapon would
be your choice weapon like a gun yep
zombies security makes bring more them
to you
I mean is there such thing as a silencer
Pro bar bar yeah that's a very close
range right yeah you're ideally you
don't get in too close ran you just stay
away from them as much as you can but if
you had to yeah it's a Facebook or
something yeah that's the same baseball
bat can you can you effectively though
just destroy somebody's fucking head
with a baseball bat it's compared to a
crowbar oh yeah you know you can do some
damage with a baseball bat are we
assuming that we can use this weapon
well yes just assume that you can
you become proficient I would December
sort boobs oh that's pretty good I would
choose a slingshot slingshot oh that's
dumb here's here's my reasoning with the
slingshot reasoning you have a slingshot
you will never run out of ammo except
the rocks if you have a baseball fan
you'll never run out of ammo but but
it's also a slingshot is a ranged weapon
yeah it's not and it has some potential
to new no damage whatsoever already
minimal damage
sure like an expert well that's why my
question like a base on a kiddie
slingshot oh yeah I'm talking about like
a real slingshot you know this is okay
because when the zombies come Jeff you
can take the slingshot I'll take probe
our samurai sword the crossbow but you
can slingshot okay great that is the
most effective yeah I think sounds or
anything because a sword has the
potential good stuff okay yeah a
baseball bat all you have to do is plug
in their brain and then they're dumb
because you want to just go through the
necklace or I think just a queen field
you're not always gonna hit it and
you're gonna go you couldn't slightly
better get stuck in in in a zombie yeah
blunt object it's gonna bounce off and
you go yeah fuck you Fitzgibbon
she want a lightsaber would be the best
that's probably true yeah oh my god
they're calling me a hipster fruits a
lightsaber would obvious I'm not gonna
call you a hipster I'm just gonna call
you a bad survivalist how many cans of
beans and stuff would you have though
all the beans I have all be with a
slingshot
I could silently take out zombies from a
distance caught the goddamn window
radiant there you go you know I guess
I'm yeah it depends on how good you are
how effective a slingshot it is what
though with the projector I want an X
and a letter and I'm not even gonna use
the ax on the zombies I'm gonna use the
ax on a staircase and I'm gonna camp out
the second floor of a house and I'm
gonna pull the ladder up behind me after
I get in all right you have to move from
locational okay yeah what is this thing
oh my lord
oh that's all that's his body that's
funny
yeah like you know you just think chef
but let's say you know like obviously
you try to get the like ball bearings
those that'd be the best right if you're
a good shot or else you just pick up
some fucking nuts and bolts and rocks
and and mildly annoy the zombies no no
like have you seen real slingshot errs
they fuck shit up I guess I haven't so
there there is a YouTube channel called
the slingshot channel oh wait what am i
doing and what your guy makes I stopped
paying attention to the game and I think
I killed my boyfriend oh no oops this if
you could break a skull with a slingshot
destroy a skull with a baseball bat
I'm assuming you can break through the
skull with a pebble I think you guys are
over confidence in your baseball bats
ability to break soul yeah I wouldn't I
would make a silencer birds or it just
like Sam I'm thinking of longevity with
the baseball bass with a crowbar I think
a better chance of just caving in
someone's skull yeah most you can use
the Jimmy open doors and see muster up
the crowbar is a good idea but even
something like a hammer or like a small
light you know like those ice climber
tanks you know something where you can
definitely pick might get stuck on that
pick might get stuck in there but you
need that yeah you need that penetration
you a regular hammer would probably be
the best it's really close range boy I
don't like a baseball bat you wouldn't
get too tired sorting that oh that's
true
baseball back retire you are constantly
having to swing
yeah well then it all depends on the
environment you're in - like if you're
out in the country where there's more
spread out and there's less of them yeah
then you know you can survive while the
base was plated yeah numerous all B's
okay yeah
oh sure well and I think I think you
need some sort of melee weapon and a
ranged weapon option and guns you're
gonna run out of bullets always do
mm-hmm and so maybe that's the thing you
get to choose one ranged and one this
way I picked the two I did
of course you also have to defend
yourself from other people yeah yes
which in the Romero zombie movies those
are the bigger threats yes
starving fucking pie fights are the
zombies and Donna the deadly they're not
the problem we should we should play
Dead Rising here one of these days yeah
that's the zombie game where all of the
like the boss encounters are just other
people kind of gone a little bit a
little bit nutty oh okay yeah oh fuck oh
by the way we are forgetting like a
shovel not not like a like a spade but
like you know like military shovels you
know they like fold up and are also like
axes and chopping to it like ever see
that YouTube video about the the Chinese
Army's combat shovels no but I can use
them in 40 different ways shovel that's
a good that's a good thought
a world war one in trench life sure yeah
whoa get off me dude can I be sweater
vest oh nothing I don't know my YouTube
hit my YouTube history is probably all
Taylor Swift videos I wouldn't say that
out loud
mm-hmm no Taylor Swift and Nicki Minaj
Yeah right
oh this is good but it would be scary to
get that close and and pickaxe is a
two-handed weapon and I would I would
not want a two-handed weapon by the way
that kind of goes against the samurai
silligan because that's a two-handed
weapon right yeah if used correctly I
guess that's it's like I think you need
that you need a one-handed weapon and
one for you know you need a sharp suit
it's super embarrassing or fair well
that's probably more cumbersome than the
shark suit the shark suit facing is
almost like chain mail the diver reviews
when you oh okay I think you meant like
dressing up in the costume of a shark oh
no I meant a shark fruit swimming suit
okay sure that makes sense
yeah real prevent fights yeah good idea
a suit of armor
they're like medieval times all over
again then you're like Kevlar armor
they're just preventing against a human
life yeah yeah oh that's right the best
weapon against the zombie is a roof yeah
that root get up on that roof yeah if
you just destroy the staircase and
you're stuck there basically whoo you're
right beyond infinite can we discuss the
more prevalent threat of puppies mummies
are dumb assholes there's nothing scary
about mummies mummies don't try to eat
you they are just reanimated bodies
wrapped up in gauze basically they
lumber around they're slow they're
stupid
mummies are that kid in junior high that
you steal the glasses glasses and throw
them over his head to your friends and
you just throw them back and forth no
well why does mommy is gonna
revolutionize mummies it's gonna change
how people think of mummies were you uh
high school I am I absolutely am mummies
are the worst monster no what were you a
bully
I was not a bully sounds like but I know
no I didn't do these things take jacks
classes and gorillas I would not I'm
just
that mummy is like that's the kind of if
there was a mummy in my junior high he
would be the kid that would get picked
on the most ya know you would be scared
of a Wolfman we would not be scared with
mommy what if this mummy was really cool
when we cool though we're talk about
traditional mummies here not some sort
of weird to like cool version of a mummy
because those don't exist mummies by
their very nature new you're talking
about ten-year-old movies they're new to
me because I'm an old man Jay does bully
jackets studios it's true yeah every day
I've stolen his glasses three times
today I wish you okay see these people
agree with me from the hotel
Jack just keeps the wedgie it isn't
bother and the hotel the only people
that you can pick on are the elderly
though he cannot defend himself against
a younger person I like that movie but
he just preys on old people because he's
weak because he's a dumb mummy yeah just
being specious what's that specious
mummy is human really that's true my
mommy is even there was a reference
those are kind of different species they
all heard that how does the best
Universal monster
frankincense all all the Frankenstein's
Frankenstein's monsters the best you
know so ok
he said Frankenstein Frankenstein roll
but no inside crankin apostrophe s
thanks and that's that's the most
interesting because he's sort of a
tragic figure
yeah I never cared much for Dracula
mummies are the worst we've already
discussed that vampires can't be cool
but there's so many different like
iterations of them what's your favorite
as far as vampires go Harry cousin we
mean um III don't like the the romantic
gothic vampires I like something like
I've not seen near dark but I like the
sort of gritty like I like from dusk
till dawn you all loved already dark
John Carpenter's vampires like those
sort of just like gritty brutal you will
fucking wolf near Dhaka yeah I need to
watch that you know what let's watch it
what you guys doing tomorrow
do you own it right or no I oh by the
way good The Invisible Man oh you know
what they need a proper Invisible Man
remake which one is the scariest fuck
women in the movie The Invisible Man
like turns into a giant asshole and on
Rails trains and shit I keep dying here
because I'm not paying attention if you
don't know the controller well though no
I do I have to look down I know that
that fucks it up too we done with this
then I think I'm gonna be that stage no
you can play games you know what YouTube
and watch the videos I do love the
cutscenes are great ok maybe I'll do
that because I don't care about the
gameplay you can play this or put it in
a different game if you want hey it's
been a long couple days we're calling it
I think so sure ok hey guys we're
calling it
okay bye it's it's because Jesse will no
longer be here so our lives will cease
to exist
I've been I've gotten like five hours of
sleep in the last 50 hours getting up at
the crack of ten yeah I'm sorry yeah you
know feel your pain oh we're calling it
you said that right into the microphone
they can hear you I I couldn't even hear
you but you're right next let's see if
they can hear what he said I didn't hear
a word of that nobody where did she say
what she says
No alright good hey good night everybody
we're all gonna leave now thanks for
coming out we super appreciate it
say goodbye wrench goodbye stream I
should have done the Gracie Allen
goodbye round to those expect I wasn't
that's how tired he is he didn't get the joke
