Oct 26, 2014
Cavern Kings
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45106769
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45105574
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45105198
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k83gsIRUrFE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_bWNL1kMYs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udfyy821Hlg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/526474974421209088
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/526543003012198400

[Part I]
we're gonna see if this works screaming
laughs New York City I think it's
working by the way it's working I mean
it looks Sam's dreaming nope it's a
loading video for a second than its
stopped
okay okay now it's this loading video
again okay great loading the video
loading the video oh there it is I see
Catherine King's yes good it's working
we are now streaming live from New York
New York City nice nice we're gonna hold
on we're gonna delete the second tweet
here if it's not working for you refresh
your page apparently normally the when
you're streaming through twitch you get
to choose which server you stream
through and normally we stream through
the Chicago server because obviously
it's closest to Milwaukee hey rich why
don't you just talk a little bit so I
can do a quick sound check okay to say
about things you know like really deep
things about feelings great deep things
feelings and stuff you know those are
good feelings I'm hearing the sound
check now oh yeah you sound great rich
great normally we streamed through
Chicago apparently these Chicago servers
are down right now which is why we were
having some issues streaming they're in
mourning for the Bears they died today
oh hi Apollo I didn't catch the final
score I stopped watching when it was it
was was it 50 51 to 23 yeah this that's
a that's a fucking basketball score out
of football score well I'm sorry
all of Chicagoland but oh my god what
the fuck indeed mr. puck thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate him so
in any case that we weren't it wasn't
going on through there so we
server out of Dallas and that's when
everyone was having their problems so
now we are streaming through the New
York server which apparently is robust
enough to handle this we have we have a
subscriber shoutout I already did ha
did you see it ok you did that did I
miss it I did it in the middle of my
little thing were you not listening a
blank god if here's the thing you should
give I'm talking to you and reading chat
that's the problem that's the problem
richezza hard so I'm multitasking I do I
do
mr. buck thank you for subscribing so
for any of you who didn't get to hear
the classy version of all-star I'm just
gonna play the beginning again because I
love it
great rich somebody once told me the
world is gonna believe him but I ain't
the sharpest
but I have now stopped playing the
lounge singer version of all-star it is
it is by no reply if you're gonna
soundcloud and look up all-star Smash
Mouth cover the one by no reply is the
one it's fantastic okay
so Cameron Kings look at this yes look
at this yeah what the fuck oh my god
we got another what the fuck who's that
that's Katie patty hey thank you for
subscribing I bet you do it you did I
beat you to it okay there's a couple
things I want to talk about before we
get started playing one just how much I
love riches reading of the aliens
comment line and how much I love that
you guys love it I'm really glad that
all of you enjoyed it I'm the thing I'm
most happy about is that that that let's
play game or let e play it's not a let's
play he he had a typo in the name of his
YouTube channel hey wha wha fuh Ling Hwa
fouling thanks for subscribing we super
appreciate it so it's TG Chi let e play
not let's play le t Y play
I know right this isn't that guy amazing
he's he wanted us to take that video
down he told us to delete the video well
he can go fuck himself man that should
stand up this I just want to make sure
that everyone understands that if you
make what the fuck oh my god there's
another one what was that one sever a
door separate though thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
when you make a comment in a public
forum like the YouTube comments that's
that's out in the public so we get to do
whatever we want with it oh man and you
know hopefully we can help I think when
we do our charity livestream it will be
for canceled research yeah well he
deleted that too right that's no longer
who did he I think so I could be wrong
look I could I could read more comments
but none of them are going to be as good
as that it's that's really true oh and
by the way a kegger the reason I am so
confused by people subscribing is
because every time someone subscribes
now I get a I get rich saying walk the
flock in my ears and so I'm momentarily
startled I sound confused everybody just
like this meat slab thank you for
subscribing that's a great name beef
meat slab we super appreciate the
subscription in any case rich and I
threw together that little that little
rich reads YouTube comments videos
before last Wednesday stream and I'm
just happy that you guys have enjoyed it
because I enjoy it so we're gonna get
started on cavern Kings I look like shit
in that video though well the thing
everyone needs to understand about that
video is rich was napping yes before
we just we just had an early morning
that day with with space cop stuff
and III got I had like three hours to
sleep that night because I'm a night owl
and I had to get up at the early hour of
9 a.m.
you know I didn't get much sleep and I
saw I was taking a nap before the stream
and then Jack showed up that's right
just kind of wakes me up it's like we're
gonna film this video I'm like what
that's true that's true
oh oh that's right and every one welcome
our new moderator John kilo 3 John Kela
has been with us since the beginning and
every once in a while octo Jay
apparently has something better to do
which is fine and so we've we've donned
a new moderator donkey low to watch
after y'all cuz there was anything we
learned from last Wednesday stream is
you guys can get a little crazy yeah
apparently we need mods we badly we need
mods and so we really appreciate John
kilo stepping up and octo Jay all of
your help oxygen recommend to John kilo
well I'm just gonna make sure that the
game audio is you hear that
I'm just making like little glee please
okay great okay by the way the the main
character I don't know if you've noticed
rich the main character of this game is
named Jack
so I immediate hey okay I know nothing
about cavern kings I literally know
nothing about this game but the
developers of this game sent it to me
and they said this we think you would
like this and so oh my god this is a
weird control scheme so they said we
think you'd like this you want to play
it I said sure does it have controller
support cuz that's all it's my number
one good home
Oh Jack it does it have controller
support and I said it does and it
doesn't
here's the weird thing it's a right to
bumper to jump okay right bumper to jump
so it's a twin stick well that makes
perfect sense then if using a twin stick
well I'm just know it's a it's like
you're a terrific shooter would you
rather let go of the stick to jump that
seems that seems like a logical solution
to me by the way we ready to share
you're absolutely right okay I got a
jackhammer I'm learning how to play the
game live
I got a jackhammer
that's weird so jump is right bumper to
use the jackhammer is left trigger
French very strange this is very strange
rich okay
so far you're just pointing a thing
around on the screen I can't I can't see
you using that thing yet so oh sure sure
it's very very strange weird it's weird
for me to pay attention to the game when
you play because there's such a lag sure
so yeah sure it's fine yeah I get it I'm
supposed to go down this tunnel but I
just kind of want to fuck around with
this jackhammers more so it is a
roguelike you have one life to complete
the game because that is the definition
of roguelike and it's also one
oh it's also randomized so okay right
trigger shoots the other thing you have
oh my god this is great it's also
randomized so every time you play you're
gonna get different weapons
and different levels
and right now facing little eyeball
monsters with the hard hat helmets on
okay right now it's so cute
Jack don't don't all game see better
seem better since we played alien
isolation that's I mean isn't isn't that
the case yes and I know everyone is
gonna call me a hipster or whatever
because I'm playing a 2d side-scroller
with pixel graphics watch me not be more
fun because you know what this is this
seems so far to be like a game these are
visible these are better games this
stream I think yeah I did um over the
past couple of days like there has been
so much I have no idea what I'm doing
everyone should know
and just keep going down and I assume
that's the correct course back to I I
have been watching some people stream
Haley in isolation
mm-hmm and you know just to see like
what do it what do the normal people
think about this game yeah because
apparently we are not normal and that's
fine I'm fine being not normal I've been
not normal most of my life though I mean
are they scared no they're not scared in
fact like the one stream that I saw that
this guy seemed to have like a lot of
viewers and people seem to like all the
things he was saying he got really he
was getting really pissed off that the
game oh really because of how hard it
was and how bullshit it's not it's not
like it's hard it's prappas it's tedious
hiding hiding in a closet that's the
game hide hide in the closet you playing
the game you're doing nothing you're
sitting here doing nothing
yes it's cuz the alien randomly showed
up in the room you're in so now you
gotta do nothing for five minutes but
it's not only tedious it's tedious
No
it's not it's not just tedious it's
tedious and kind of bullshit like
because the alien will just do whatever
it feels like doing there's no there's
no game yep not to harp on an alien
isolation more that's good if the
experience and immersion works but they
don't right that's the thing that like I
there was a good story I do because then
I would have enjoyed it either either
give me a game or an experience but I
don't think neither is acceptable I mean
oh it's a Stanley project that's I mean
not right and keep saying project
Stanley parable yeah that's not I know
that's not really a game but it's
interesting yes it's it's like a
commentary on games ya know some games
have a good story or good atmosphere
oh my god you know people are saying
they can barely hear you
they can barely ex jack snotty oh it's
too low on the games is too high great
you people complain about Jack and now
you want I was when I was playing I
moved away from the microphone a little
bit okay so I'll turn my mic up a little
bit there's my mic and I will turn this
the game down okay
the game is now turned down I am turned
up and I'm close to the microphone
hopefully you have a gig where where you
guys can hear me I have no idea what is
happening in this game is a real thing
oh oh I just died I just died apparently
well that's fantastic that's great
okay I didn't get any power-ups
so you don't you don't know you don't
know what you're doing in the game I
have no idea what I'm doing so what
you're saying is you're running on on
pure instance is that what you would say
that's um that's exactly what I would
say okay okay that's I'm just I'm using
my gamer instance and I'm trying to
don't don't about stuff I don't like
well I got a shovel this time instead of
a jackhammer it's never getting old as a
he it's so beauty years from now I'm
gonna be calling people crocodile brain
as you should it's never going to get
old does my laughter cure cancel you
know I got I got cancer down
thank your cancer but I don't know about
cancel oh absolutely absolutely
that's really funny whoever said that
congratulations on being super funny
okay okay I think I think I'm getting
what this game is all about which is
very exciting for me what is it about
Jack I have no idea I said I think I'm
getting it I don't I don't have it I'm
just I'm just watching a tiny square
shoot at eggs yeah that's that's what
I'm doing so far
that's the game a lot did you lose your
your jackhammer yeah this time I got a
shovel okay random random weapon a sign
Inge okay okay this time I have a shovel
and a nail gun so far and I don't know
if it's better maybe worse I don't know
oh boy oh that I got a thing I can
periodically throw knives now so we got
that going for us
oh I can just hold down the trigger
button that's good to know
oh my god yeah so this is very this is
very like very risk of raining if this
is very risk of rain IANA NES so what's
to keep you from just continuously
digging down why why bother messing
around with enemies good question I
assume yeah okay so enemies level me up
and maybe make me for more powerful and
then I get I collect these little gems
after I kill them and I assume those
gems will be used for something at some
point
oh yeah like here I can purchase this
thing which I just did oh okay I just
purchased a thing that leaves a trail a
trail of fire well that's good but now I
move hella slow
oh but that's really I just said he'll
also I'm not necessarily proud of that
but
nothing absolutely nothing that is the
correct answer rich oh oh I did okay
I'm not very good at like managing my
health apparently uh-huh
Jack should play alien isolation you're
right I traded that in and I have no
regrets I never ever trade in anything
no you know the one good thing about
alien isolation is when I bought it
there is a promotion so I got a tf2
Scout outfit yeah yeah and I'm really
excited about that
yeah the Steam version so you're not
trading anything in any way nope oh my
god this is a cool weapon I have a look
a little buzzsaw shooter that's cool I
like that I'm down with that
I'm down with that wants to know what
you think of Sonic the Hedgehog Wow
eating Tenaya for subscribing huh if
only there was some sort of video that
we made chronicling my distaste for
Sonic the Hedgehog oh but you know what
much like alien isolation we were just
playing it wrong yeah so we should have
been better
we should have rolled is the thing oh my
god I'm gonna die here
great everything's great everything's
great
oh this buzzsaw gun isn't awesome yeah
yeah I'm really I'm really digging this
buzzsaw gun yeah Sonic the Hedgehog I
don't get it I don't get it and I don't
think that any of our complaints would
have been fixed if we will roll so there
you have it people think you know you
know what bothers me the most this is
something I wanted to talk about about
like the alien isolation comments
something that bothers me the most about
those comments these people saying that
we our views were contrary just to be
contrary that is so not true you have
you guys have no idea how much we wanted
to light this game we like a lien yes
you know we are fans of alien the alien
universe and like all of the things like
I left into all of that stuff about us
like enjoying just walking around the
alien ship on purpose you know yeah to
show people how much we like the alien
universe but no no we were just doing it
to be contrary just just to get two
views rich
on TNT block why is it with movies
people love it when you hate on things
but with videogames they expect you they
love it when you when you when you love
things yeah
when when you gush all over a game I do
but a movie movie it's people on
negative reviews why is that you know I
think it has to do with how old the
medium is and games are still pretty
young it's something we need to remember
about games in general there they're
still a relatively young art form so
what more tech it's a 40 year old art
form at this point Jack sure but not as
old as movies relatively young okay okay
be with me here be with me here
relatively young and even though it's 40
years old it hasn't been as big as it is
now you know now it's much more popular
than it once was
there's something figure bullets bigger
damage shit yeah
okay alright alright I'm diggin it I'm
diggin it
I get out of here
there's their dislike buzzsaw I don't
know if you're seeing like this spikes
yeah here that that make you it's nice
it's a nice touch it's a little um so
there are spikes in this game there are
spikes in this game I don't know if
Phoenix has shown up yet but they asked
if there are spikes in this game but
there are indeed spikes in this game and
much like I know you haven't played
spelunky one day I'd like to play
spelunky on the stream I really loves
one sure sure
much like spelunky if you spend too much
time on a level there's a little in
spelunky there's a ghost and the ghost
comes and gets you if you spend too much
time on a level and you know kind of
gives you that sense of that sense of
hurry the fuck out
yep I'm assuming the next hour I don't
finish about sorry alright so this has
this has little spiky dealies which do
the same thing and I enjoy that all
right oh I'll finish go ahead no no no I
mean I'm just summing the next stream
we're doing dr. Mario yes yeah Mike Mike
really wants us to do but dr. Mario
stream and so I believe I don't know if
we can do Wednesday but our next group
stream will be dr. Mario to please the
Lord and Michael right I'm just thinking
maybe how do you feel about the Stanley
parable I mean I like this family
parable we've talked about this I don't
know if it would be a good stream well
is it too much of a spoiler it would to
play that game
it wouldn't it would all be spoilers
because that's that's the game you can't
play it without spoiling it this one I
don't know Jay might find that amusing I
think you think you should play it in
general yeah he wouldn't play it less as
a stream right
great yeah and so I don't know like
that's I guess that you know that's oh
man I'm gonna die no I don't die I'm
really enjoying enjoying this run don't
die yet
maybe like a Dead Rising I don't hear to
play Dead Rising
I didn't play Dead Rising all dead
rising is great I hear I hear great
things about that game yeah I do people
I I just looked at the chat and someone
was saying don't stream Stanley it's not
a streamable game okay the stream mode
won't be Stanley it will because we'd
have to talk over it and if you don't
hear yeah the narrator yeah yeah that's
a good point
the but like the the stream would be Jay
but yeah we'd have to take so many
breaks from talking to people just to
listen to them wonderful game you know
right right so I'm gonna say we
shouldn't I agree I agree
do you relaxant lis agree yeah
then the Stanley parable is one that
anybody in this this chat anybody
watching who has not played the Stanley
parable please take a look at that game
yes
if if you are a fan of games this nails
it this nails meta games perfectly I
know this is in beta still this game is
in beta tavern Kings it's it's in such
beta that twitch didn't know it existed
okay
which is not how that cavern Kings
exists this is on Steam but he just send
like you a copy that he had I'm flying
on Steam he sent me a code that the
developer sent me okay a copy because he
thought he saw our risk of rain yeah and
thought that I would enjoy it and so far
I really am enjoying it fly in case
anyone night I can't come in too much
because I'm not getting you know
first-hand experience so oh right right
I mean it's you know what it is it's and
this is gonna sound like a negative and
it might be it's a smaller risk of rain
yeah
but that's exactly what it is and it
doesn't have risks risk of rain
style look you know obviously it has its
own style well it's got its own style
and that's a fine thing yeah exactly
exactly oh yeah oh yeah I didn't mean
that as a negative amen
yeah okay okay I meant it it doesn't
look like riff risk a brand which take
that for however you want you know mr.
Drayton isn't a twin-stick risk of rain
is not a twin stick you're right
everything I say is wrong all the time
confirmed everything jack says is wrong
all the time
risk of rain is not a 20 stick did you
what no things that are different no
that's fine that's fine you point you
point them out you point them on you
know what I'm gonna be I'm gonna be over
here not giving a fuck okay um what else
did I want to talk about today I talked
about how like the people in the
comments right I talked about people who
are saying what's the there's a new
comment oh you know what people were
accusing me of not playing the game
because on Steam it only shows that I
have 11 hours played oh for alien
isolation for alien isolation yeah and
while it's true I only play at 11 hours
on Steam rich and I played at the studio
on ps4
and so like I said I didn't finish on
Steam but I played enough of it goblins
yeah we played it ourselves for five
days yeah we each put in like 10-15
hours on our own yeah and then we played
it together to solidify our discussion
before the discussion which is played
for five hours together something like
that it was a while right like six seven
hours together we played for a
ridiculous long time or at least felt
like a ridiculously long time that says
problem with that game yeah which is the
other part of the review because I know
it is a two things that can be confusing
people who don't pay attention which is
that we played it separately and then
later I talked about playing at the
studio yeah as if you can have it one
way or the other but that was dumb and
incidentally how many hours do you have
to play a game before you know whether
or not you hate it yeah are you really
abigai to play a game for 20 hours
before you could decide whether or not
you're enjoying the experience I'm glad
we did because that means that we got to
give it the full review you know uh-huh
but no for someone for someone who
wasn't reviewing it no I think they
would know way sooner that of course
they loved it because it's brilliant
damn right yes Chad I've heard that zero
punctuation
love the game is your one station is a
different person it's true with with
different feelings and and different
thoughts and differents periences in
life yahtzee's personal experience
dictates how he feels about a game about
any art in general and I'm okay with
that I'm surprised
oh oh fuck there's a kickback on that
harpoon not
some innocent love songs I was shocked I
saw I watched his review as I watch all
of his reviews and I where do you say
about I haven't seen it yet I mean he
praised a lot of it he praised the
address very pretty praised why did the
atmosphere completely fail for both of
us are we the only two people on the
planet and it's a huge coincidence right
that's a good question that's a good
question rich is it because we are also
movie people ah maybe I don't know I
don't know you know and it's like I
cannot answer that question I wish I
wish I would be able to answer that
question but it's true and rich and I
are very different gamers yes which is
the double surprising thing and both of
us had very very similar feelings on it
but Enda and it's fine like I don't but
here's here's the the real thing about
Yahtzee liking alien I don't begrudge
him as a critic he is allowed to have
whatever feelings he wants to have about
anything that's kind of the thing okay
and if he wants to like it good for him
if if it ever comes to like a
conversation that we have which we will
never have and I will disagree with them
and that's fine and then we will both go
oh that's weird we have a disagreement
that's fine because I can only imagine
he's a reasonable person unlike some of
the YouTube comments we've gotten see my
tastes tend to run parallel with his
usually when when he likes the game I
like it too I guess he's a big thief and
yes he likes No More Heroes
we tend to like a lot of the same
that makes it doubly interesting
together agreed I am with you these
spikes to kill people for me which is
nice yeah very interesting but just but
also beyond Yahtzee rich and I were
baffled that anyone gave this game after
we were done filming the episode we both
looked up what other critics thought
about it and we're just like what we we
had strong opinions strong opinions so
strong that I am baffled that anyone
likes the game yep
and again that's fine if you do I you do
what you do that doesn't mean I won't be
any less baffled I suppose I'm equally
as baffled by other people like in this
game as they are by us liking it so not
liking it not liking it yeah Jordan
you're absolutely right very very
important distinction
an unfortunate Freudian slip
the controls I wish and at you know the
games in beta infinite configurable
controls would have been really nice so
what what do you hate show us the the
there is so much jumping and shooting at
the same time and the jump button is
right bumper and shoot is right trigger
okay so should it should have been left
and right body think but left is your
melee okay okay left trigger is your
melee and so yeah it just needs I don't
know you know I don't know how you fix
that I don't know if you do because it's
you play with you play with the keyboard
the mouse you play with a keyboard and
mouse absolutely that's exactly I fix it
you're right you know you could just
also show off the fuck up
here Rock Monster
rock monsters it was a rock monster
that's a b-52s reference yeah lobster
cake it's Lobster all right yeah oh fuck
the the other thing I'm not necessarily
digging about this game is that a pom oh
my god that wasn't a pond I'm so upset
that that wasn't a pond damn it Richard
making me look like an idiot yeah well
you should he just ran with a Jackson
yes yes that was that was most certainly
assuredly a pun yes that was a well
thought out fun no no I'm most assuredly
have fun absolutely no the thing I am
not liking about this game right now is
I'm unsure what my final objective is
you know I have no idea if I am
progressing how I am to any sort of
objective Arthur Arthur cutscenes you
skipped because that usually explains
these things no okay no I have not I've
not skipped any cuts and
so no it's just it's just I have no idea
what's happening which is fine
gasps ding ding ding ding ding ding dang
everything several or great depending on
how you look at it I suppose can you
guys think of any alien isolation pumps
alien isolation sucked I tried I tried
that was you trying yeah
alien isolation is miserable experience
that's not quite a fun no alien
isolation more like alien fuck you
perfect now then
more like alien fuck view more like
Aryan alien irritation whoo there you go
there you go yeah that's it
alien isolation isolated me from my
feelings junk fish says alien isolation
should be put in solitary there you go
you got it nailed it this is my rich and
I aren't very good at our jobs this is
why you should be watching something
else right yes yeah
previously recorded the stream where we
encourage you to watch something better
get over learn civics is something
that's probably true
you really can't aim with the controller
and this game uh I guess in general in
general but I think he's talking
specifically about this game yeah it's I
mean it's a little then that that seems
like that makes sense to me it's it's
not yeah I mean obviously like it's
designed for it is not necessarily
designed for a controller but I think
I'm doing all right I feel like I'm
doing all right or not
it's fine everything's gonna be fine
maybe
I should do more damage to a rock
monster a jackhammer should do more
damage to him Rock Monster just doing
damage well I was yeah I don't know I
don't know if I quite get this game yet
I know that I enjoy it is all I can tell
you well I'm gonna take to get risk of
rain
what how long did it take to get risk of
ring immediately yeah yeah I immediately
got risk of rain it took me a while to
figure out like whether or not I was
into it but I got it okay got it
immediately oh yes I like this gun what
you can deal with this spam and
sawblades
we can deal with this else can we talk
about here to make it fun and
interesting for those watching
I can talk about I know we've kind of
been a little callous about this but I
do today and if I if we don't do it now
eventually I do today want to talk about
the AVGN okay I think the chat might
have a heart attack when they hear that
I really do I have some things I would
like to say about it and you know we've
been saying we're going to talk about it
for a while and I've been kind of
waiting for J to be ready to talk about
it and you know I'm just gonna do it I'm
just gonna do it because I have some
things I want to say about it so I don't
know if people want that now
later you know we're talking Oh Jack I
know terrible that was mean that's what
that's what they get for hating you okay
are you guys ready you're reading the
chat rich are they ready for official
AVGN yes they're they're ready there's
finally with like ten why's the end of
it okay so here's here's the preamble to
the AVGN nerd eight no AVGN none angry
video game nerd shit that's a really key
button also this I need to actually
press the e button to open that that
chest even though I'm using a goddamn
controlling the preamble is this I am an
Internet person I'm a person who makes
videos on the Internet therefore I am
incredibly interested in other internet
people who make movies as I am an
Internet person who wants to make movies
yes therefore any Internet person who
also makes a movie I am interested in
and rooting for because yes that's the
thing I want that's what people should
know other examples before we get into
AVGN this is the preeminent picnic face
is a comedy troupe that that started on
the internet they made a great movie
called roller town remember Bobby hacker
he's the the guy who had an Internet
video get out your fucking checkbook an
internet video I enjoy
and also called cars I want to say it
like it was called cars he made a movie
called cars three actually he was
legally able to make a movie called cars
three which is hilarious in its own
right but you know again an Internet
person who made a movie and you know
like rolling tom is is a phenomenal
movie Cars three is exactly the kind of
movie you expect Bobby actor to make and
apparently there's a fun story behind it
but you know like I pay attention to
these things and I and I'm aware of
these things and so I was aware of the
AVGN movie even though I've only seen a
couple of his episodes you know yeah and
I'm not I'm not too into his style of
humor you know I'm not I'm not into the
the poopy fart Joker I mean I'd like the
poopy fart joke but just saying poopy
fart is not enough of a joke the check
couldn't see it but I did raise an
eyebrow oh yeah no no I did raise an
eyebrow
I like poopy fart jokes but he seems to
just say poopy fart and that's the joke
and I'm not into that as you should you
should raise an eyebrow absolutely
I feel the same way about the a groove
IDEO gamer okay
the gimmick got old quickly okay yeah
but you know he's been on the internet
for a while you know he he's an
important figure so I watched the movie
with genuine like Wonder it's like okay
Internet guy he raised a ton of money Oh
incidentally Jack the chat is saying
this from the guy who made the pee pee
song yeah yeah they're getting there
they're getting yeah and that's fun yeah
I think they see where I'm going with
this which is the real yeah which is I
thought the movie was really really bad
yeah the the AVGN movie was far worse
than I ever could have imagined
especially from someone who seems to
know what they're talking about when it
comes to movies and narrative structures
it was it was a mess it was a mess of a
movie a mess of characteristics
everything about it was just terrible to
the point where I had to double-check I
was watching the right movie at one
point like like oh did he make a
different movie and is this just a movie
starring him like what is going on I I
was generally dumbfounded by how
terrible it was it seemed to be the
worst kind of fanservice and I even
fanservice it was all like self-service
you know like everything about the movie
just made it seem like he was incredibly
cool so this looks like a gas station
out self-service if it doesn't hit it's
not a fine joke shame shame you know
there seemed to be an ego
about him as a character and in the
movie for anyone who doesn't know he
plays the angry video game nerd you know
like he's not playing a character it's
not just a movie that he wrote in his
starring and he is playing the angry
video game nerd and it starts off
baffling almost immediately when he has
like a friend and all he and his friend
talk about are how nerds don't have
friends
you're a friend and and so it's like not
only so that's crazy so that's really
baffling but then everywhere he goes
people seem to like like he goes to an
arcade at one point right and everyone's
like giving him like giving him
high-fives and like he's the coolest guy
in town but he's supposed to be this
like antisocial nerd character so yeah I
am too antisocial nerd character but
everywhere he goes everyone loves him
and so it's just like why
I gotta get out of here chit chit chit
chit the the story makes no sense it
looks fine you know looks like a like it
was shot competently you know it looks a
little bit like like cheap video at some
points but I thought it looked fine but
just everything story-wise
execution-wise was was dumbfounding them
bad it's been a while since I've seen it
it's been like a month or two since I've
seen it so I can't I don't know if I can
go into like super specifics mm-hm
I know there's like this there's like
this girl character and her character is
literally girl like that's all that's
all she has
she's like I'm girl I'm here someone's
gonna fall in love with me as it turns
out the person that fell in love with
her was the friend not being Gravina
gamer and she served her purpose as a
girl and but there is also there was no
character build up to like them falling
in love all the sudden like he rescued
her at one point and she it was just
like I guess what I love that well
that's how you write a female character
yeah rescues her the man rescues her and
I guess there are love now that was
exactly what happened
they had no chemistry before that they
had no likely dump
no no build up to their like
relationship it was just like at the
very last minute he decides to rescue
her from a giant robot thing and they
were in love now I guess it was ashamed
hmm yeah have you seen it yet rich no no
I don't I don't see any reason to that
yeah I've heard I've heard nothing but
bad things I do I do wonder like how
because it was fan funded did he
Kickstarter did he indeed
go go I want to think one of the other
and so I do wonder like how his fans
feel about it I'm sure they like it
because you know they like him
I mean is he doing a schtick in the
movie that it might be all they once um
maybe I don't know she take time to
bad-mouth the et game he does that's in
fact because that's the premise of the
movie for anyone who doesn't know is is
he he wants to find the ultimately bad
thing because he's never done a review
of the et game for atari and and he the
entire and credit sequence is his rupee
oh i think i hate a boss I'm at I'm at a
boss oh my god
that's horribly exciting it really is I
think except I'm gonna die stop talking
and play boss okay play boss
shit metal earthworm we write some sort
very risk of rain like even you know
there are worse games to be inspired by
oh yeah no I'm not saying that is a
negative but like if you look at the
power-ups here when when they come up in
a second there's like an eyeball there's
a boxing glove you know like all the
even the items look like they were maybe
a little too heavily inspired by risk of
rain yeah
so you hate it you hate it 3d Dot Game
Hearst I do I did I really did you
actually hated it that's the shocking
debate it's it's not that game had jack
written all over it it's not it's not a
normal kind of hate rich okay hold on
wait let's let's wrap up let's wrap up
anger video game nerd yeah before we
move its et game so that's the whole
premise of the movie is he's going to
Nevada to dig up the Buried et game and
he and the entire and credit sequence is
isn't it is a normal episode is him
masturbating oh because it's just him
doing a normal episode absolutely oh
okay okay in front about you meant that
literally Oh God no he but he's doing it
in front of a crowd of people as they
are cheering and laughing at all the
jokes even though they're all actors you
know yeah and they're doing this for you
know the tenth take pure masturbation I
saw in the chat briefly that someone
says like they weren't expecting it to
be great and it met those expectations
and yeah I I guess I we've talked about
this before like I've seen a couple of
them it's not really my thing
I mean no disrespect towards them
his videos just aren't my thing but the
movie like I think I can I can say for
sure I have some disrespect towards that
oh my god
oh I get it this is an ice level so when
I shoot my gun I go sliding back there
goes that controller aim right there
you'll see in a second I really I really
have fun aiming in general and specific
ad a thing I was specifically trying to
head whatever okay so 3d Dot Heroes we
are now we are now over AVGN nerd in a
moment I'll take a little break and
talk to you guys hey vgn nerd and how I
really hated the movie talk to us about
the lessons of life I will talk to you
about the lessons of life 3d Dot Heroes
if they would have if three down heroes
would have given me anything that wasn't
Zelda I think I think I would have been
much more comfortable with it you might
not have but yeah you know you skip all
dialogue in that game it does have like
a sense of humor that the Zelda games
don't sure okay then maybe look up I
don't know I don't know like it's just
so it was too much it was too much Zelda
it was too much Zelda for not a Zelda
game you know I like and I there's a
fine line between a homage and and just
making Zelda and we talked about that
somewhat on the stream but Jesus Christ
that took it too far edge took it too
far that's my line
that's right samurai co-op it gave you a
shark vomiting sword
that's true but only because that was
our job that was needs they liked
creating your own character sure that
was that was neat
I was all well Anita but not enough too
much too much as Elva blood sattvic says
Jeff's Jack skip the nun zelda parts and
complains about the lack of runs all the
parts which i think is true
it's true I don't here's my only defense
is that I don't think that would have
helped the case as I don't in general
care bots to her hey who the story is
different you know in my mind that
doesn't make much of a difference but
yes you're very clever for pointing that
out whoever that was that pointed that
out are not clever observant or whatever
you're something I don't know I'm gonna
die again I'm going to die again I'm not
gonna die
I gotta get out of here
okay I'm getting out of here I don't
like this level yeah I don't know I
don't know rich I can't a line needs to
be drawn Adam at home ahsha's and 3d dot
hero as I found it that's a question for
for all times
can you find your line and I found I I
enjoyed the game quite a bit yeah
admittedly I did enjoy it as a throwback
to the classic Zelda games sure as I'm
sure you're supposed to and I you know
even though the gameplay was
near-identical it it does have its own
style its own sense of humor yeah I know
oh and the art style is super great if
o+ it has the best tower defence mini
game I've ever played it has its Howard
offense mini game in 3d dot hero is that
I just love Howard offense
no it's like I I could have watched just
the just the the characters crumbling
apart after you hit them I could have
watched that all day
that was super brave I love that the art
direction of it was fantastic to see
just the everything is the Zelda thing
everything is as Elphaba yeah the oh oh
that actually makes it super badass I
just got to power up and bolsters aiming
ability and it's just some user scope
but it's very oh you have a controller
it's very helpful
whatever works for you check it's
working it's working for me rich

[Part II]
all right so there I hope I hope that
pleased you all an official AVGN
discussion I don't know how are you guys
feeling how do you guys feel about like
the movie where you got you guys fans of
his did you like the movie if so I'm
sorry I think I think if people liked
the movie they wouldn't be so excited to
hear what we had to say about it
hahaha you think oh yeah I'm going to
assume the hate was had by all
sure I believe that I keep saying
repeated comments that that I am louder
than you that you're allowed oh I know I
keep moving how do I use it what
happened oh I keep moving
how about I move my mic away is that
home no it's it's on my end you keep
doing what you're doing I keep moving
away you know you know what I'm going to
invest in my next dirty investment is a
proper articulating mic stand okay
because this is a problem that we have
when we stream as a group and this is a
problem that I have when I streams solo
here is um a good mic placement because
you know in order to get the best sound
you need the mic right in front of your
face but I can't put the mic right in
front of my face because like that's
where my keyboard and I guess I could do
it now I can't really put the mic in
front of my face cuz that's the board is
and that's where my desk is and but I'm
playing with a controller now
so I probably can I don't want to put it
right in front of my face because then
it like it's in front of a game you know
so if I had a nice articulating mic
stand I could put the mic kind of
parties now I'll see if this works
mic placement is tough I should really
just get one of those headsets one of
those awful headsets that have the mic
attached mm-hm
the problem there is I have glasses and
those headsets push my glasses against
the sides of my head I I can't move away
from the mic when I cough I'm wearing a
headset so you just you have to deal
with that mmm Chad yeah the elephant
confirmed you're gonna catch Ebola from
the stream Oh fine stream Ebola stream
bowl up stream bola well this is an e
weapon I have like a little like
articulating punching arm they didn't
give me like infinity jumps and I find
that to be meat though a little unwieldy
yeah it's fine okay that gets an
official air from rich Evans
I'm not playing jack I have no idea what
the experience of using the punchy
infinite jump arm is sure sure you know
what that's fair enough Ridge one day
we're gonna get your computer up to
snuff it's gonna be great it's gonna be
great because then we can take turns
streaming maybe maybe maybe what the
next subscriber check yeah yeah I think
that's a great idea
I think we can do that
yeah let's see all right
I'm very much looking for I'd be able to
co-op in risk of rain I know I know you
I know you talked about trying that but
I know it runs like a slideshow on on my
computer for some of the higher levels
yeah I can't imagine trying to do
multiplayer at the same time would help
that problem you don't know no yeah
cause like and I was planning on a risk
of rain just cuz this game is very much
like risk of rain but also you know
we'll just see what else because what we
want to do we can do whatever we can do
whatever we want all the time yeah I
won't be getting a Mac check because
most all of my old games are Mac games
right no and you know rich you know I
have a Mac because for a long time
well I mean I like max a lot but also
for a long time I was a final cut editor
which ran Max and I'm not a final cut
editor anymore but now I'm just into the
Mac kind of I'm into the Mac lifestyle
the Mac world
mm-hmm so now I'm hooked I'm hooked on
all things Mac in fact Oh see this is a
problem I'm not by my keyboard anymore I
have my microphone before my keyboard is
and in this game I need to press e to
pick up Ling's I want that aim thing
back that was a great item
well don't die what's what's the problem
don't die don't die I just need to get
good and then I'll be fine there we go
now we're rocking it rocking it rocking
it robots
get out again yeah I say that a lot I
say get out of here a lot working on
that I'm working on all the little
things that I say to keep some sort of
like audio going yeah because that's
really what I'm doing I I would like to
get Linux just so I don't have to deal
with Microsoft anymore because I don't I
don't trust microsoft at this point I
mean it seems like they want to make
tablet operating systems and I don't
want that on my PC that's a bad idea so
I don't know if steam is valve still
doing their steam box thing is that dead
no no steam box is is still technically
happening technically what happened it's
like it's in forever beta you know like
it likes like steam it will be ready
whenever steam feels it's ready and not
a moment sooner cuz fuck y'all because
steam is a bunch of idiots and they want
to give you like quality products as of
right now there is no official release
to the to an official steam box you can
get a Linux machine and run the steam OS
but steam will release it when they are
good and ready to and they don't want to
release it until they have their
controller figured out all right well my
only thinking there is I think once that
happens
cuz that's that's gonna run the same
games that they you plan PC right pretty
much any it is it's it's gonna be pretty
much seamless the steam you know on a PC
and Steam on a steam box right well you
know like right now the games you can
see what runs on Linux cuz the steam box
will be Linux based yeah but I mean
basically anything that would run on
Linux you could you could run on the
steam box right oh yeah it'll just be
Linux oh absolutely
I'm thinking once the steam boxes up
there would be encouragement for for
games to come out on
absolutely and if I had a PC of that no
I guess it's not it is still PC when it
runs Linux here's the thing I know
Windows is considered PC whatever
Windows is considered even all PC means
is personal computer ok ok so a desktop
running Linux you'd probably be fine
with games if if more things are coming
out on Linux because of because of the
steam box yeah horribly inarticulate way
to say that that's what happens when I
try to talk you mean magic happens
absolutely I'm interested in this steam
box it looks I don't care at all you
don't care no no I'm vaguely curious
about their newfangled controller but I
doubt it over place a mouse and keyboard
for me
no shooters no it's it's one of those
things where people people are gonna use
what they already want to use yeah which
is fine by the way which is kind of the
great thing about PC gaming is you get
to make that decision for yourself right
people who complain about me using your
controller I make light of that but yeah
you can use the controls what I really
don't care
oh yeah no it's fun it's fun you know
what fair enough I'll take that
I will take that here out of here shit
mate
that's gonna have to change there's no
there is no controller option for
picking up items so every time I pick up
an item I have to hit the e button which
is now on the other side of my mic stand
because because I wanted to test out a
new microphone so make sure that people
can hear me there's my aimer is got my a
Mima bop which I love
feel like we're gonna rock this you got
your a Mima bop back I got my a meme a
bop my laser pointer here you'll die any
minute now pretty much how do you get
help from this tiny little there's
little like boxes that get like oh here
I just went you'll see in a second a
little box dropped and I popped it open
and gave me a help thing okay there's
little boxes
I unlocked I unlocked a TNT launcher
what do I get to use it now um
apparently not unlocked it so maybe it
happens randomly when you're shoot oh
sure sure
oh no I think like I get it now I think
it's just I've unlocked an option the
option of playing rock monster if I
already made a b-52s joke I'm pretty
sure I have it was a rock mobster going
down down down down down
enjoy the b-52s an ironically I
absolutely love rock lobster as he
should it's a great song it is a great
song b-52s in general they know what's
up Love Shack something-something don't
know the lyrics I'm horrible I'm
horrible with if you say a fan it's
signed by the side of the road that says
15 miles to the that's good
I mean I was waiting for you to forget
in there with that it's the love shack
baby I've got me a Chrysler it seats
about 20 so hurry up and bring your
jukebox money that is that is a fine
impression yes yes I do a fine
rock lobster impression for a guy from
b-52s whatever his name is for and for
anyone wondering because I'm sure
there's at least a couple of you now is
saying why does Jack know so many of the
lyrics to Love Shack
one it's great song so that's not a
question because it's a great song - for
a long long time jack was a wedding DJ
so I've heard
Love Shack about a million times so I
just know all the words this seems like
a useful ability because that's what
happens when you are a wedding DJ you
play the same goddamn songs every single
goddamn week key button this is like a
new game for me is how I can press my e
button more efficiently
oh my god they're giving me all sorts of
jams now I'm just trying to think of
more lyrics to Love Shack I won't dwell
on it you know what I'm not gonna dwell
on it tin roof rusted that's what it
really is
oh shit don't die I feel like I'm doing
good this round I don't want to die
that's what I'm gonna try for it you're
not dying it's something I haven't tried
yet not dying
Oh silly Jack what I'm just commenting
say oh okay what do you want out of me
god damn it I mean some colour calm I'm
here I'm here aren't I you are you are
and I really appreciate it I'm giving em
colour commentary and things that
happened a minute ago yeah that'd be
that'd be really helpful and just blew
up that thing anything Jim's lying all
over the place
that thing just blew up that anything no
Jim's lying all over the place that's
the worst commentary ever this game
really does not does not need a
play-by-play announcer no no then you
blew up that big gems all over the place
literally that's it you just need that
on a loop no gems all over the place oh
man that's really funny right I'm not
gonna back into the goddamn thing this
time
Oh God that did not kill me I'm really
happy about that is there anyone that
works at rlm that isn't in any of the
videos no which which is really our
problem because we don't we don't have
crew that's like it's like that one of
the last five was the last best of the
worst the one before it but there was
like an issue at jeiza audio through the
whole thing yeah that's because there
was nobody available to listen to the
sound and we had no idea that
Jays mic was on the fritz until after we
filmed the episode right this is a
constant problem yes does not help this
is a constant problem and I'm sure like
it's a hard problem for people to kind
of get their head around but it's you
know when you look at behind the scenes
things for movies and whatnot there's
like people all over the place now and
what is our stuff that's it's we're in
an empty room and everyone available is
usually I mean Mike and jr. are in
scenes of space combat the same time
they're directing the movie yeah now and
by the way not just directing a movie
because that happens all the time like
directors acts in movies yeah but like
so they're directing the movie they're
also setting up cameras setting up the
lights setting up the scene taking care
of craft services if there are other
actors like making sure that like actors
have rides there they're taking care of
everything all the little things that
you that normally like production
assistants or associate producers would
take care of that's all stuff J and Mike
do and rich and Jesse you know anyone
any one of us who's there at any time we
just take care of everything
okay we've gotten to the we've gotten to
the giant metal worm again do we do we
have craft services do you mean do you
mean Kraft macaroni and cheese that we
make ourselves afterwards yeah kind of
nice
it was okay you're backing a boss
alright you pay attention to the boss
and look at my a member of the Screen
Actors Guild no I can't act they let you
into the Screen Actors Guild no that's
not true at all Rich's bears got Kraft
served by the Patriots today that's very
true
nice that's also very funny oh oh my god
I somehow beat him if you get your movie
published like lenka Basinski does does
that pretty much guarantee more revenue
God did let me scroll read the rest of
that how are you even marketing space
can have well we're gonna do it like we
did our other movies we're marketing it
ourselves you just be able to buy it on
the website and I know another leg makes
all that much over his movies
I know years ago me and me and Mike made
that that oranges movie and that God
quote just distributed and I think we
made like five bucks there are low end
distributors that'll just you know buy
the rights to something and what'll be
am I gonna Walmart in a 40 pack yeah
fuck that's how we find all the best
movies you know what you know what might
be a terrible thing to say well I have I
have yet to see your oranges movie
that's fine you know that it's fine
thing that you haven't seen it I'd like
to see it there's parts of it that I
really like nah I really like I don't
know if it's in the movie or if it was
just like a web spin-off thing but the
the the lettuce pray she was nothing
that was very one
yeah can I think that's the zombie movie
the fruit zombies hmm that's in the
movie oh okay that's great
that's great so you said you made $5 on
that that's pretty exciting I know I
don't remember exactly what it was it
wasn't much it did not make back what
was spent on it yeah there is um
distribution deals there is something
that I keep hanging in my office at all
times
yep and it is a reminder to to be more
careful okay
hanging in my office Oh yep there it is
and so I can see it at all times is a
contract back when I was in a band we
met up with a guy who owned a record
label and he was putting out a
compilation and it was really exciting
cuz like he and he liked our music and
wanted to put our song on a compilation
we're like oh cool and you know for for
anyone who's into music you know that's
that's how it works sometimes you know
you you get this compilation from a
record label and that's how you discover
new music and we're like oh yeah that'd
be great he's like but what I'm asking
all the bands to do is kind of all the
bands pull together to help me put out
the compilation and then you know we all
split properties from it and you know
that's how that's how it works and you
know I was young at the time and thought
that it sounded like a killer deal a
record label wants to put out my music
even though I have to pay for it and so
we did it and the compilation is still
yet to come out and we find out later
that this guy was kind of a known
shyster in the indie local music scene
and this is what he would do he would
find young bands get them all to pitch
in money and then just never put out the
compilation yeah he was a scumbag
basically yeah yeah and
he would just wait until he found his
next batch of impressionable youngsters
and his trick was he never put an end
dates or a completion date on the
contract for the combination and so I
could call him right now and be like hey
what about that compilation and he would
still say yep I'm working on it even
though it's been you know years as long
as he says he's working on that's how
that's how he would do things so I make
sure to I make sure to keep that within
eyesight at all time to remind me of
some of those chapters that are out
there and to refine we have some of the
fun mistakes that I've made when I was
younger oh oh yes I can only imagine
it's it's much the same with with movie
distribution deals only hopefully
they're not as shady and where they're
making filmmakers pay for them but you
know yeah give me the rights to your
movie your movie will be able to be seen
in Walmart huh that's big and then once
we know what's they they always have a
line once I recoup the losses uh-huh
once I've recoup losses you'll be able
to split the profits
but recoup losses could mean anything
you know just a bunch of assholes out
there yeah a bunch of assholes rich
everywhere oh yeah I'm surrounded by
assholes no dickheads what was the
Spaceballs line Oh assholes are
dickheads are assholes
everyone's an asshole I'm surrounded by
assholes I knew it I'm surrounded by
assholes fathers to Nassau first first
major asshole yeah good stuff
so somebody asked now that we've we've
met land cab Basinski is it hard is it
harder to make fun of his movies now is
it weird to make fun of his movies - no
no once a nice guy no but his movies are
still one cameras in ski movies you know
and I don't see that changing anytime
soon which is a fine thing because I
enjoy when cameras in ski movies
absolutely yeah absolutely you know yeah
he's he was fine like we were talking
technical aspects of his movies when he
was there and you know sure we weren't
we probably weren't as harsh or
comically jokey about them but yeah the
man is aware of his movies and no no I
don't I won't find it any harder to make
fun of his movies for being exactly what
they are how self-aware is he of his
voice
um he he's that he's the wonderful level
of self-aware where he knows he
understands that they're not great he
does he thinks they're he I believe he
thinks they're better than there but
also this is something we talked about
before like we we've recently watched
some movies that were kind of at lens
budgetary level yeah and Warren is
enjoyable huh
Warren is enjoyable I said what are you
saying
they weren't the movies we watch that it
was yeah yes oh and you know like I was
hearing something way different no they
were not as enjoyable lens movies are
legitimately special mmm
and so like a lot you know we will sling
criticism at them but also there is
something very special in movies it's
the fight choreography it's the care
that he puts into it even at such an
incredibly low budget where that man
that man deserves a little bit of praise
and a little bit of grief and hopefully
we give them both
right that's all you got for yeah I'm
sure people have sought out his movies
since since he was on best of the work
yes and if they haven't they should they
really should
oh man curse of the wolf curse of the
wolf though you know we we talked about
this week which one is our favorite
warriors of the apocalypse is sure
something special it's a it's a that one
in particular I don't know that one our
kiss to the vampire fist the vampire
yeah I think they're all they're all
special in their own way Jack fist purse
maybe fist cuz fist introduce it ninja
prophecy of death was kind of yeah yeah
that was that was definitely minor
campus in ski to uh to use Jays coin a
phrase yeah but I think Vista the
vampire was the first time we we meet
man who can kind of read Ryan yes yes
amazing he is amazing and that that if I
see makes me feel good about myself and
camera that fight scene that they show
in the best of the worst episode is from
Fist of the vampire where it's just the
exact same tee shot good stuff
good good I needed something like that
that's great
somebody said this so Wendy go I went to
go on HBO Oh Natalie hey I don't believe
it I don't believe this
Wow rich it could have been it could
have been on a thing I don't know
HBO is still 24-hour Network they got
they have to fill time it can't all be
true blood that's just one day that's
when they show Shawshank again that was
it t and t that used to show that all
the time okay okay that's funny that's
that's the solution to any gap in your
programming do some shyster Shawshank
Redemption absolutely
and if I need a box rich you got damp
box troll 2 was on HBO troll 2 is troll
2 yes troll 2 is an infamous movie yes
there you go
maybe um was it wait and was it HBO
proper or was it like one of the like
HBO threes or whatever now there are
three HBO's no I had heard there's a
bazillion HBO's by now I haven't had any
version of HBO since I was a kid yeah
neither viable they are starting soon
though the HBO GO standalone app which
I'm very excited about because I enjoy a
lot of HBO's programming but I just have
to wait until it comes to Amazon or
whatever because I don't want to have to
pay for cable and then HP on top of it
but I'd pay I'd be a little money every
month to watch Game of Thrones okay
this is kind of thing I don't mind
catching up with that on DVD or
something at some point no I don't I
don't need to subscribe to HBO for that
three hours a month to raise episode of
of Game of Thrones sounds ridiculous
sure yeah I could see that I'm whistling
it's 38 $30 rental that you can only
watch and certain times
shit shit shit up against the big worm
again rich doesn't care if he's hip that
is very true I don't give a shit I dare
to be nerdy you do yeah you do and
that's what we like about you have you
beat this worm thing yet I'm working on
the one thing right now but have you
done it yet at all yeah yeah the last
time I beat it and then like the super
power that comes with beating the worm
apparently I didn't get to it in time
and so I missed it for the next levels
and I died like that level after the
worm okay he comes for the super power
of evil yeah you know you beat the big
boss and he got me this time oh he got
you you got me how long have we been
going nine hour and a half already I'm
sorry I'm I'm so sorry
don't make me play the all-star song
again because I know you will I know you
will
I just hope everyone noticed it got a
little bullet Hallie there towards the
end because it was a underwater stage
and so you know you kind of got to swim
a little bit mm-hmm I was mad dodging
some attacks you were I'm actually kind
of shocked you lost cuz I saw some of
that mad dodging yeah I was I'm gonna
give this one more going and we're gonna
take a little break all right all right
okay boy confirmed killed by worms yeah
I can't I can't be this worm
oh that's a good question someone is
asking what is a movie that you will
never watch on best of the worst but has
gotten lots of requests the room I don't
know if it's got a lot of requests but
that's one you know everybody knows
we've seen it before or some point in
doing it yeah
the room like as far as requests go I
don't pay much attention to requests in
the first place oh I'm not entirely sure
what all has been requested in the past
you know a lot of people requests a lot
of the same stuff your best chance to
get a movie watch some best of the worst
is to send it to us and hope it's
something we would be interested in
washing yes I think we've talked about
that before I feel like if you send us a
physical copy of something we are
exponentially more likely to watch or
play yes anything in because mostly
because we're lazy and if you don't send
it to us we just won't get around to
getting it
I'm trying to think of like what what
are the big requests I'm not I'm not
even sure he'd say the honest truth I
know a lot of people seems like they
request bigger movies right yeah at
least we could sleek incent bigger
movies and there's no way we're gonna
I'm trying to think of what what any of
them would be up top and I can't do it
so much craft gets sent to us so much
crap gets sent to us whenever they
typically if it was a big name Hollywood
release we're probably not going to do
it probably
II got it Oh oh good no I like that one
all right don't like that one what well
I thought that was the I thought that
was the magic make my aim better it was
not not gonna be a good run I can feel
it all right that's all right all right
yeah you know what that's such a good
question that I I can't give you a good
answer I'm really sorry as somebody's
mentioning tremors tremors one would
never be on best of the worst
tremors one would be on best of the best
tremors one is a great movie yeah yeah
that is see see if you're the kind of
person who would even suggest tremors
don't you don't get it you just you just
hopelessly don't get it it's really true
tremors is a great movie tremors is a
movie that understands exactly what it
is at all times
yeah it's not a it execute what it is
perfectly yes yeah and I think that's
that's the problem that we run into the
most with the stuff people send in is
like you know how many copies of like
you know Jerry Maguire I know like this
is a bad movie it's like well that's not
really what we're doing so
but that's fine that's fine we'll still
take it and donate it will donate it to
Goodwill in your honor
cuz they could use a couple more copies
of Jerry Maguire much like we could use
a couple more copies in Newquay don't
know if you guys are up on the whole new
key situation but we're short a couple
copies of new key before we can make our
grand new key plan happens that's not
even funny it's so funny it's not even
funny every cent that say you you were
Jay every stream I know it's no
crocodile brain is no I mean but what is
lion brain don't you know the lessons of
life eggs I've never learned the lessons
of life this is my this is my exact
problem wrench say would we ever watch
some of Ed Wood films I'm so Ed Wood
films you know maybe maybe there's a
classic I mean too well-known
maybe I don't know typically typically
go pretty obscure interesting well this
is the worse is all about discovering
things we didn't know about yeah for the
most part well the other reason we try
to go obscure is to make sure that none
of us had seen it before because that's
important yeah as far as like getting
our genuine reaction to stuff where if
one of us had seen it or if enough of us
had seen it and probably most of us have
seen all of Ed Wood stuff
good questions though these are good
questions I like this I like where this
is going I like what your lion brains
are coming up with you guys are not
being crocodile brides and by the way
we're in the same boat that lion brains
is good right and crocodile brains is
bad no no we're on the same boat because
a lion a brain is like a crocodile brain
oh I guess that's true in my in my head
crocodile brain is worse like you don't
want to be a crocodile brain you want to
be a lion brand me personally I would
choose lion brain but sure that's only a
human brain is not available right which
it was when I was born fortunately I had
human brain congratulations
still trying to figure out what I got
I'm sort of reptilian something but
they're both bad they're both bad in
context of the comment yes because they
look lion brain like lion brain that
means he's calling you a lion brain
movie nice car look crocodile brain yeah
look crocodile which is which is like a
lion brain and both of them are bad
because they only run on instance we
know what he meant to say right we
absolutely did that's that's not as
funny here's what he actually said no
Batman created some gold he created some
gold and he didn't even know it I know I
know and he was ashamed of it after the
fact as he should have been
the weigh-in with you if they were smart
he'd milk this the 15 minutes of fame
you know I mean he has a let e play
channel yeah that I will not forgive him
for if you if you mistype your YouTube
username that needs that needs some more
attention the fact that he has a let e
play channel they're asking me to read
the comment oh you here's please here's
here's the thing I actually don't have
it memorized because whenever I try to
say it my brain automatically starts
correcting it so I've tried doing it and
it's more coherent which is not as funny
every every single time you you
correctly say stuff it's really funny
mm-hmm it's really funny the alien
doesn't have eyesight yeah you stupid
fat skinny fucks it's pure instance look
crocodile brain like Y and brain don't
play the game uninstall it this is where
I get foggy this is where it goes right
in a don't don't about things you don't
like is that yeah don't don't about
things you don't like
do you know lessons of life talk about
things you do like twat
apparently a bunch of our fans from
across the pond are upset with how we
pronounced what oh you know gotta help
I'm not gonna say 20 desserts just
sounds weird to out twenties what is it
it's what it's twat like what what what
I agree with you I'm just I'm just
relaying as I moderated our YouTube
comments that was one of the biggest
ones as people were really upset with
how you said lot but I love it twat I
love how you say Dada I think it's
hilarious and also the correct way to
said shit I'm gonna die right here I'm
gonna die right fucking here
look crocodile brain like it's like
you're a lion brain
don't don't about things you don't like
do you know things of life reasonable
version like listen up you dumb fat
skinny twats you're you're you're doing
my poetry slam for sure we had a couple
different ways we wanted to do that I
wanted to do Rich's angry read because I
thought that was like the feeling of the
comment there was anger in the comment
and rich wanted to do like a beatnik
poetry reading we went my way only
because we couldn't get the props in
time to do it Rich's way you'd need a
Bray a turtleneck and a stage set yeah
like a stage and like a little mic stand
and I install it and you give me some
clicks yeah I sure you want you wanna do
it a lien doesn't have I say skinny Fox
it's your instance look crocodile brain
like line they're going don't play the
game
stop don't don't be modern stuff you
don't like you know talk about stuff you
know that's great
Haley I'm here now that's good I think
and that would have been funny as well
but we yeah we just didn't have the set
in time yeah oh they're there they're
snapping and clapping for you

[Part III]
welcome back guys the stream in which I
forgot to turn back on the sound the
sound is back on rich I'll be back on
now yeah we're back okay so I don't know
what you're about to say but keep in
mind that we're screaming now No yeah
where's their third they're the target
about my fiancee the old feel sick oh
the old wall yeah oh oh I didn't know it
was that French it's extremely French
yeah relationship great I'm wondering if
there's anything ever even would have
seen her in III know you can hear her
voice
in the United States of no she may or
may not be visible in the making of
feature on the gorilla interrupted DVD
I'm not sure it after we watch that I'm
blowing up scenery while you talk
this is fun earth they're talking about
FTL and in the chat oh my god and I was
thinking yeah you know what FTL mades
what a ship attagirl
ooh make your own ship yeah yeah that
would be badass who do we call about
that I'm sure somebody's probably
working on a mod if they if it doesn't
already exist sure if this if this
exists AAA ship editing mod for FTL
I I would love to see it that would be
super greater than ooh you could like
balance like you know how many resources
you get like you put it into weapons
make it like an ultra shield the ship
but you have almost no weapons what what
I would love to experiment with a ship
with low engines no shields but with a
super shield okay you know the Sultan
one the green one that you don't that
doesn't regenerate yeah
those those drone ships that actually
regenerate super shields and twin Vulcan
cannons just to complete a complete
fucking bulldog ship you know that's
that's that's tough but it doesn't have
the you know the regenerating shields
sure and doesn't dodge well and it's
just got those big fucking Vulcan
cannons that would be fun just to play
around Webb sure well I'm like it would
be really great like if there's a ship
editor where it's like like editable
statistics and then like you could call
like game genie mode where you could
just make the most over you could be the
mothership you know you made the most
overpowered shift eel needs that and it
needs an endless mode where you just
keep going after the boss oh sure just
for just for kicks or there's no boss
mm-hmm and you just keep going
but you know you could call that like
Twilight Zone mode or I'm trying to
think of a good Star Trek reference
five-year mission ooh
Oh called the five-year mission make it
all unexplored space now you're talking
you already had this idea figured out
you already had like the name of it
before I mentioned anything to you
because that you know what that was just
too good and too fast no offense to you
but I just want to see what happens if
you clear the level yes I've heard of
the infinite space mod I just I've been
looking into this recently very recently
I haven't I haven't played around with
that yet I haven't played around with
mods and FTL at all and I think I
finally unlocked all the different ships
and all the different ship layouts so
now I'll probably start messing around
with FTL mods sure you're back on an FTL
kick recently yeah cuz you know you know
why why because after alien isolation I
wanted to play something fun yes that's
the honest-to-god honest true reason why
I've been playing FTL a lot lately play
something I enjoy something that almost
I would like to play something that
feels like a game that would be that
would be super nice okay you know what
we never have to play it again this is
why we're real winners oh should we tell
them should we tell them about our our
our no deathrun spin-off if you want to
we talked about that before we actually
did but we didn't we didn't talk about
it oh no no no no I'm what I mean what
we talked about last week with Jane oh
yeah you could tell about that yeah and
here's a note yes Ron no no it's not a
no deathrun
we're gonna start cuz you know we did
the the guacamelee know death
with rich which was really enjoyable and
really fun and I've you know he didn't
make it but I thought it was a really
fun time Jay has expressed an interest
in playing alien isolation because he is
the biggest alien fan there is yeah and
so he wanted to play it but you know
rich and I said well we're not going to
play it we're not gonna you know if you
get bored with the game we're not gonna
pick it up after you're done and so
we're gonna do a no board run stream it
will be the all jano board run which
means Jay will play the game rich and I
will not tell him anything we won't like
you know help him or give him spoilers
and as soon as Jay gets bored the entire
stream is done no games entire stream
yes it could be a very short stream it
could be a very short stream or it could
be the longest stream in in prereq
history but the no board run just to say
so long Jay can handle the game we place
bets before and oh oh I think we have
that's the link Jay about it doesn't
matter I want to be this guy anyway but
I'm like of it my money says 30 minutes
you think he can make it 30 minutes
he'll give 30 minutes we have to define
board I guess board when he wants to
quit when he's just sick of it yeah
that's that's born on it whatever Jay
wants to be done playing we're done with
the stream I don't know like when
possibly 40 I'll go I'll go 40 how when
do you meet when I'm trying to think of
the moment the moment it started to go
really downhill for me is like right
after you meet you meet the first guy
who kind of is your tutorial level right
like the guy who wants to kill you but
then decides not to because reasons
right after that segments right after
the tutorial level I was done I was done
speed or that's that's at least when I
knew like when I knew what the game was
going to be from here on out so I give
him till that I don't know when when you
when do you think that was about that
was about four hours in right no I mean
I'm like okay you're exaggerating for
comedic purposes yeah yeah okay that's
that's fair and that's fair for a moment
there I thought you're being serious and
I was rather confused four hours that
doesn't seem right at all I know but you
know what here's the thing it could have
been it could have been four hours for
all I know cuz it felt like a fucking
ever alright nothing about that fucking
game yeah yeah we're talking about FTL
wasn't discussions about modding your
own ships and then we got back on that
thing the thing who will not be named
okay that's fair that's fair yeah I
don't know you know I know mods are a
big deal in the PC gaming world in
general I try to stay away from him just
because you know like the game
there are two thoughts right like one is
the game should be what the developers
wanted to make and two is the crowd
sourcing initiative where it's like well
what if people can make it better
that's what a mod is that is what is
right I don't care about the designers
visions I wanna I want to fuck around
with the files in a game I bought then
I'm gonna fuck around with the files in
a game I bought sure all right that's
fine that's fine rich Evans doesn't care
about your damn dream he doesn't care
about you
your concept it's not like I won't play
the vanilla version sure once you play
too you know especially once you've
played through a game once why you know
why not add a mod spice it up a bit
fine blow it out your ass jack oh oh no
no I'm not saying I don't like mods
because the developers lose the game
fuck you oh you know what no I wasn't
even saying that I was giving other
people's opinions I was saying that
that's why I generally don't do them all
so I'm just not that into games that
have that many mods I guess remember I'm
a console guy you know we can't mod on
consoles yeah people arrest me keep
asking me about the long war mod for
x-com long war mod long war mod yeah
yeah well what about those I for one am
I actually am perfectly happy with the
vanilla XCOM I'm fine with vanilla sure
well some people have said the only way
you can play the groomsmen's well boring
that's fine I love vanilla XCOM right oh
I'm sorry
but you're wrong I haven't tried the one
I'm gonna played around with Mata
getting myself I've altered little
things here and there right there was
something I forgot what do I even was
and I was reading about the long war mod
there was something exchange and I'm
like yeah I don't really like that too
much
I don't remember what opposed oh sure
well then that's it this is a great
story then
it just wants people to stop asking me
about it it's not it's not a great story
it's a people don't shut up long war mod
sure that's what it's like I'm just
gonna address it and maybe a little stop
saying it every five seconds I mean you
know that's not true
oh oh I heard of what the fuckin rich I
heard it what the fuck
J Bowman's beard thank you I don't
believe that's the real shave almonds
beard at all how much beer doesn't know
how to type
why what are you doing his beard yeah it
just sits on his face that's a I know
you're talking about the users once
again horribly confused Oh
oh my god I died already I tried a new
tactic that run I just dead pressed the
trigger button mm-hmm I didn't it didn't
help okay it's almost as if they want
you to have whatever people are also
asking me about impossible difficulty on
XCOM and the truth is I haven't messed
around with it that much
I have a classic difficulty feels right
to me
sure sorry typically play on classic cuz
it's what I enjoy have you ever played
in public
I'd be tried very much it's right at
once
sure but if said I'm not playing the
game to increase the size of my penis
it's it's you're sorry
have fun I'm sorry you're what it's not
a it's not an X come difficult
unemployed on hardcore difficulty
because I'm a XCOM badass just like
playing XCOM you
first of all steam that's the thing okay
we think we have a new subscriber so if
you could find out who that is and thank
them oh look at what run for it I don't
see it I heard it what the fuck it's
quite a kick Carol Khun ka e ru ki ng
I'm gonna say Karrueche kuru king who
King thank you for subscribing a
secondly epëus this is a real thing
which Evans what - EE Pina like just
bragging rights for a game I've achieved
myths that kind of thing I have never
heard this before I've heard that for ID
I'm not denying that you heard it before
I think you've heard it before cuz you
said it when you made it up oh I don't
like that alright alright I'm gonna
believe you only because I have no other
option
ah these items disappear so damn fast
why does Jack some fed up Wow do you
sound fed up fed up with what don't know
um
oh I I guess just cuz that's how I was
sounding right there I don't know no no
I I'm concentrating on the game so you
might just be hearing me concentrate
which you yeah might be new for some of
you because I don't think very often so
that could be it that's what I'm gonna
guess
but no I'm not fed up not fed up with
anything
I like everything all the time except
for alien isolation
oh no that's why I'm fed up we're
talking about alien isolation oh now
we're talking about it again yeah I know
I can't help it Oh can't help it
the thing it's a thing like every day I
have to breed and moderate those damn
YouTube comments telling us how we
played it wrong
this is just part of my life now and
because it's part of mine it's gonna be
part of yours that's that works well
ones that get me are the ones that
basically say that we shouldn't have
reviewed it because we don't like it
yeah it's like you're missing point of
real you play it and then then you
determine what you thought about it
right right and as long as you assess it
fairly you can hate a game I I think so
don't play games you're not gonna like
why even bother with the review I would
just love everything is we're supposed
to we have to we don't like it we're not
supposed to play it so we're not
everything yeah we only recruit review
games we love welcome to the FTL show
you were right to spend $60 on that we
should have a review show we should
change prereq and it'll just be that but
well validate your $60 purchase with a
stone and it only begins and the final
verdict in every game we'll play will be
you were right to spend $60 on
yeah yeah that that sort of thing or the
or the we are predetermined to not like
it it's like no we enjoy all sorts of
games who knows what we're gonna be like
who knows what we're going to like if we
if we here's the thing though even if we
typically don't like horror games I
typically don't even though I did give
alien a fair shot and I like alien ups
curious about the game but that's still
a fair thing not to like horror games
right absolutely absolutely and it's
it's our goddamn show and so people will
learn what our tastes are and will
listen to you know that's how critics
work is you try to find the critic who
represents your case or just elevates
the conversation and I hope we did that
that's the the real hope is that we
showed the things that bothered us and
so if you are a fan of alien or a hug
horror games you can look at it from a
different perspective
isn't that is that a weird thing like
let's say we actually liked alien yeah
if you're also you know kind of person
watching the show who doesn't like
horror games maybe maybe then you'd
actually consider buying alien if you
hadn't cuz people who don't like horror
games liked it well maybe I'll give it a
shot - sure sure you know I mean no just
review things you like and give them
good reviews yep don't you know lessons
of life don't you know lessons of life
and I gotta get out of here this isn't
doing me any good okay beef Roquemore
says rich Evans name my puppy named your
puppy do G D energy yeah let's do G GI o
gg ee
do G your dog is named do G do you get
it oh my god I do now I didn't birth
yeah I have now named your puppy vog do
g di spell it again spot however you
want D or D ie whatever but just spell
that out d dot ODG and just spell it out
that di or AG g ee or something like
that
and his name is do g do g that's I mean
that's borderline brilliant rich I've
seen that somewhere once somebody I've
seen a dog so I can't I can't take
credit for inventing that sure okay I
thought it was the cutest thing so I'm
gonna go ahead and agree with you magic
cube
damaged nice feeling this run feeling it
okay feeling it until not anymore
uh-huh need some talk about dead air
dead are bad they're bad that are bad
need talking Wow not like that I hope I
would prefer if you if you did it in
complete sentences I mean let's just
meet out you do what you do what you do
how about that thing you like how about
that
it's Nick break that thing you like well
you know what I don't want to I don't
want to harp on the alien thing too much
longer I'm done with it completely okay
the only the only the other thing I want
to mention comment wise is there have
been some more some more why don't you
guys ever talk about things you like
comments on it mmm-hmm
to which an appropriate response would
be did you watch the episode of right
before this one where we talked about
the thing that we really like really
they only see what they want to see yeah
I mean we've liked about half the games
we've played right I think so what we
like we like risk of rain didn't care
much for the banner saga how do I do
this I don't how do i how did I do that
fuck I I don't know I'm gonna like a
minute behind so no I had to I was on a
special level where I had to put a key
in a lock but I didn't know how to drop
I had the key in my hand and I was
touching the lock if my parakeet on the
lock and I didn't know how to drop it
Damon that you died I died and that was
some oh you die and then the key fell on
it after you've died yeah then yeah that
sucks and that's that's because
apparently
I'm not I didn't know I didn't know how
to drop it oh look that I don't much
care for once this game can get some
proper controller support I will like it
a lot more rich why are you so anti DRM
I know you play an Origin suck and some
steam stuff stinks but steam is so
convenient
yes steam is very convenient but you
don't own any of the games you bought on
steam valve owns them and if for some
reason valve wants to take away your
access to those games they can do that
like I've brought this up in another
stream but just just imagine someday
that that Gabe has passed away and and
and EA Games has has bought steam oh my
god yes yeah but does that sound fun to
you is that some good do you think good
things would come happen they'd find
some reason to make you rebuy all your
old shit by the way that's a horrible
that is a thing to say but it's it's
entirely possible and you do have to
plan you have to plan for that if you're
smart and you really like game gog.com
I'm gonna mention them again I've
mentioned them before they sell mostly
mostly old classics but I think every
now and then they get a new game you buy
a game on they're completely drm free
you can download the the file for the
game back it up and a hard drive or
whatever and it's just yours install it
at will the internet goes down pull it
off you're your backup drive and install
it I want to say Humble Bundle does the
same thing yeah usually offers DRM free
dr i don't know i don't know if they
always do but yeah
valve has already declined multiple
offers from ei well I'm sure that'll be
true from here to the rest of infinity
and nothing nothing could ever possibly
change right like I'm sure George Lucas
would never sell Star Wars that would
never happen oh my god right
that's a beautiful analogy that's a
beautiful analogy I'm sure George Lucas
but never so maybe valve doesn't even
soul steam maybe maybe someday there's
new management at valve and they're
greedy or more horrible management huh
these things could happen and you don't
have any control over whether or not it
happens and you don't have any control
over the game you bought that's true
because it's basically DRM it's on Steam
they own it you're leasing the game when
you buy a game on Steam that's true or
origin or you play or whatever the
services but basically you're not owning
that you're leasing it right and the
deal is you get the convenient you get
the community you get the convenient to
get that all the all the extra stuff
like the trading cards and the
achievements and all that fun stuff all
that shit that means nothing to me right
right right
no I'm like you know Gabe is a is a
well-known gamer he's and made a bunch
of money when he worked at Microsoft and
just wanted to make the best gaming
platform he could I believe that bud
yeah I've never I've never thought about
him not owning Steam you can have a
heart attack tomorrow you don't know I
mean that's true and it's it's the time
with this what I'm saying is the things
you're saying are horrifying and true
and I kind of want to cry I mean I'm not
gonna I'm not good I'm not gonna cry but
I'm thinking about it
oh right this is why we need your rich
you you teach us the lessons of life
those lessons include Oh own your own
shit
I do not like ice levels getting out of
there getting out of that ice level tote
sweet which evidence has a yellow
Lantern ring I my lord I think think
he's called you a bad guy rich well no
that's the fear fear is the yellow ring
oh is it yeah I don't know fucking green
lanten I thought this yellow was the
opposite of green and so like Vic Green
Lantern rings don't work on yellow items
well recently they've added all
different sorts of color drinks oh is
that a new thing yeah well I'd last few
years a red ring for anger and whatnot
yellow is fear oh they're saying I'm a
master of fear okay that's fair I don't
think that absolutely that's exactly
what everyone says
ah oh just you're gonna see this in a
second okay I was jumping for the health
pack and you hit the spikes and I hit I
hit the spike monster okay I'm jumping
for the health pack well that sucks
that's yeah one more one more
I'm gonna do one more and then we'll
move on to something else
this is it the definitive run right here
the definitive not gonna forget to make
cavern Kings I forgot the name of the
game for a second the affinity of cavern
Kings run super elite speedrun MLG pro
all the terms that people throw around
all the time now are you gonna keep
playing until you beat the game tonight
I don't know I mean I'm enjoying it I
mean you can you can do that if you want
I'm under no obligation to stick around
no no you're just you're just here no I
I think I'm gonna move after this run
I'm gonna do one more run here and then
after this run I'm gonna play something
else I don't know why yet I said I said
risk of rain I don't know if there if
it's too similar if it's a weird that
I'm playing two games that are like very
very much alike fun I also don't care so
sure your stream later what you want
pretty that's pretty much how I'm
feeling but somebody said sorry good
finish thought I'm like oh no I was just
kind of trailing off so somebody said
rich Evans life is like a roguelike
isn't life the ultimate roguelike yes
yes yeah yeah you know there are no
extra lives just go until you die yeah
and starts off easy and it gets
progressively harder
you try and acquire new items to make
life easier like jobs and whatnot yeah
but eventually you know you die in the
egg that's it life is the ultimate
roguelike yes and that you know sad
depressing
sure
I wish I had more to add but I'm
concentrating yes fine that's bad I just
want I don't I don't want to I don't
want people to think like Jack's not
comfortable talking about dad
that's bullshit no I'm really talk about
dead that's fine I'm just concentrating
I don't have anything else to go with
that thought anyway great great that's
great then now they're sending of a
black lantern wow we got some Green
Lantern fans here yeah who'd a thunk I
guess somebody reads them
it was risk of rain update this week
apparently oh what a nice dream Oh oven
uh it runs way better no major new
engine update FPS is a solid 64 ever for
most people now I'm gonna have to I'm
gonna have to give this a shot yeah we
can do that we can that we can see if we
gonna hop on a server together and do
multiplayer yeah we can try come on rich
you rich you grump as' we can do it I
said I'll try Jack what more do you want
out of me I don't I know just I've heard
it I can't force myself to have a super
positive attitude I've heard people in
the comments call you a grump as' and I
wanted to call you rumpus I am a realist
yeah not exactly what a grump is would
say I am a realist son
anything you say good rum if you prepare
for the worst you can't be disappointed
oh that's really funny of course you can
there's a rich if there's one thing life
has taught me is there's always room for
more disappointment this is this is why
I firmly believe that EA Games is going
to vies steam tomorrow that's really
that's really funny I would like to
think much like another product whose
design philosophy and ecosystem I love
Apple and I would like to think that you
know like after Steve Jobs died it was
in capable hands with Tim Cook we are
finding out as Anna's depend on who
would have thunk right after after you
know like the visionary is gone do they
put the right people in charge you know
that's this is a really good thought I'm
not liking the direction that Apple is
heading future it could be really this
I'm saying I'm agreeing with you and
it's and I'm trying not to let my
emotions show during the livestream that
I'm a little freaked out right now
he button Oh
was it worth it
you lose a trail fire yes worth it I
have to do it stupid thing where no aah
aah wasted oh my god damn health
pressing the goddamn e button that's on
the other side of my mic stand
shut up rich let me keep taking the blue
pill no I'm like for me to to put a nice
little bow on the DRM and steam talk I I
don't like physical media I don't like
having that around I think we've talked
about this before I'm I'm kind of a pack
rat and a sloppy person so not having
shelves except for books I really like
books but you know not having shelves
full of DVDs or her CDs that kind of
stuff I really enjoy so high to me it's
worth it leasing the game to have steams
ecosystem is worth it
what about one one external hard drive
that just has a bunch of shit backed up
on it and you know maybe maybe that's
the thing I like I said though I like
the ecosystem I like I like the
achievements I like I like the little
chat I like the chats I like the groups
I like all that stuff so for me the
ecosystem is worth it achievements
replaced actual content in games no
they're bowing yes no no no for doing
shit in games used to get rewarded with
like unlockable costumes or unlockable
items now you get this little shitty
thing that just pops up and goes away
achievements have replaced content in
games and I hate them bad achievements
have replaced content in bad games I
think in good games achievements are
little extra frosting on your cake and
in games like roguelikes like these like
in risk of rain achievements equal
unlockable items you know when when you
do something in risk of rain you get an
achievement that equals either a new
playable character or a new weapon that
randomly pops up so so what you're
saying is indicative of bad games and I
know we've just had this conversation
about the dark dystopian future games
but here even just after a couple days
of playing good games instead of the bad
triple-a game I'm back I'm back thinking
happy thoughts about video games Jack
maybe maybe I am a grumpus maybe maybe
that's an accurate statement but I like
that I like that about you hook up my
gamepad thing okay oh I got some cards
oh I got some cards I got some trading
cards for playing that well that's
that's a wonderful story Jack that's
pretty dope cards I can now get a cavern
kings badge oh I'm definitely going for
that definitely going for that cavern
Kings badge
all right oh I get I know you guys are
seeing some really exciting stuff on
screen right now hold on let me get risk
