Oct 19, 2014
FTL: Faster Than Light, Super Meat Boy
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45138207
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45137861
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45137890
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45138500
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45138127
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpKCz4Hul8k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpn-ygHy85Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaDCgfov2Uo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8WR4asx5ec
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAbPG6Ybvnc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/524006361302966272
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/524074359372009472

[Part I]
or I was absolutely miserable during
wrote are you and only you everyone else
that agrees yeah yeah can you are you
going to name this FTL the lessons of
life don't you know the lessons of life
learn the lessons of life you try what
and just what a weird insults I I know I
know hold on I'm gonna refill my water
I'll be right back you talk to him
wrench okay um hi hi this is awkward how
are you doing chat I'm doing okay I I
heard that RiffTrax did wrote or did
they do they were they upfront about the
fact that we did it first because
apparently that's something you have to
do right by God why is my second most
played game Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
you know what that I'm not saying that's
a great game but I'm a Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles fan and it's a short game
to play through so it's easily
replayable and I I enjoy it well enough
I can I can overlook the flaws it has
due to my Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
nostalgia and the fact that the co-op
multiplayer is completely broken doesn't
bother me as I play everything
single-player anyway so that's how I can
have that many hours in the Ninja
Turtles game as far as why I don't have
that many hours and other things I've I
play a lot of things that aren't on
Steam I was very slow
again steam because it basically is just
a big di RM service and you know I have
a lot of older games that I like to play
that just aren't attached to steam my
thief games aren't attached the theme
doom not attached the theme FTL I would
have so many fucking hours logged on to
FTL I don't know what they are because I
play the version I bought off of gog gog
comm they sell a lot of games and they
are all completely drm free you buy a
game off of gog it's yours
you own it do what you want with it you
don't need steams permission you don't
need origins permission don't need that
fucking you play thing that that Ubisoft
has you just install it when you want
and play it when you want you can even
do it offline so there's there's my
answer to the the the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles rich just give us your
catchphrases we don't care about the
TMNT I'm wearing panties there you go
catchphrase yeah I gotta say this is
what I come back to yeah why didn't you
make that one of the quotes like you
used to do that the freeze-frame with
the text quote I'm wearing panties no I
thought people don't like that really
they don't like it well it's because
they didn't understand they didn't
understand then I was trying to give it
I was trying to I was trying to do box
quotes yeah but you know just put it up
on the screen and so but yeah they
didn't like just the just like the the
freeze-frame in title stuff I thought it
was funny but people don't like it just
fine you keep right on doing it jack I
mean I had one in this the episode the
box quote OVA technically a game so I
wouldn't freeze frame on I'm wearing
panties because I just gameplay thing
right yeah I just I wanted to talk about
the Pope's which we're lacking yeah no I
I've received a lot of negative feedback
on the pause for the quotes
and in general I pay attention to what
people say and you know it's it's not
like I felt very strongly about them one
way or another okay okay oh I don't know
if people hear that Jack what life
lessons can we gain from alien isolation
you're we all have a finite amount of
time in life and so 20 hours in in 20
hours you could I don't know build a
boat
mm-hmm you could paint a painting you
could go talk to that gal or that guy
that you've been thinking about talking
to you can do a lot of stuff in 20 hours
and it shouldn't be wasted then that's
the that's the life lesson
all right odd ways through 20 hours my
ak1 lost in Technicolor they both called
it early for crew members well we're
getting there
we're getting there I know we're getting
there I don't want to forget cuz they
called it very early and they seemed
excited about it and you know if we're
gonna make somebody crew members it may
as well be people who really care about
it so yeah sure no give me one second
here just have to change some stuff
around in this stream my life lesson
from 20 hours of alien isolation was I I
could have been playing FTL that was my
life lesson every every every moment I
was playing in a cancer I could apply an
FTL right now I could be playing FTL hey
Avery told Iverson yeah I'm all radical
thank you for subscribing we super
appreciate
well this is the thing right this is the
thing about time and how we choose to
spend our time oh we got to choose a
ship well your is your run this is my
run and by the way my run probably gonna
be uneasy
okay Jeff do you have anything else
unlock up I don't cuz I know I don't
to be fair this is your Windows version
and your Mac one has stuff unlocked not
this first I understand I think I think
the chat does deep down inside the chat
knows but do they all right I'm going
I'm going Kestrel so first things first
okay wait what were the names mi y AC
one one my AK my ex is gonna be our
captain I was the only guy lost in
technicolor and there's been a sea of
other volunteers so what arbitrary way
do you want to pick the last one the
first person who says pants
that's that's what I call my fiancee
what pants yeah I call her pants okay
and okay I thought okay you say okay
there oh the real Quaid oh the real
Quaid that's funny I'm just I'm just
gonna call you Quaid oh my god
Thank You Kotter damn you've just
subscribed previously recorded and we
appreciate it
okay so we got I was there to pick up
the slack jacket thank you we got my AK
we got tech and we got Quaid so now
something very important the ship here's
my here's my here's my suggestion for
the ship you'll see in a second tell me
what you think about it
you know I'll tell you in about a minute
but it actually comes up by my vote
before I see it is the don't don't if I
don't don't Jack they're both fine boys
this okay so the don't don't
or the USS panties this is a no life
lesson okay people people like the
lessons of life life the USS life
lessons
okay okay
USS life lessons done lessons of oh
that's gonna better hold on
bless the ends here we're gonna misspell
stuff Lucien's
off life okay area was the ends of life
boy fect okay advanced addition content
enabled let's get this started
everybody knows the story by now I'm not
going through that story for what FTL oh
oh yeah I you know what I did rich I
skipped the cutscene it's true and I
would do it again I skipped it I'm gonna
do it again yeah we gotta intervene
so to defend that outpost you know or
die trying
I'm not feeling this already
why what happened already they have a
they have a drone that's taking out my
shield and I have a beam weapon go over
wait wait wait wait let's go for the
drone first there we go nice got it I
got a ridge okay everything's fine
okay now this can't get me with the beam
weapon
we're just gonna do that again it's
targeted make sure that drone is not
working because the beam weapon can cut
through my shoes yes for anyone who
wants to know why we're going for the
drone the beam weapon is basically
useless right now beam weapon cannot cut
through shields
I would like to damage a little bit just
so I can hit their beam weapon more
effectively but you know sometimes you
just got to play this game slow I've got
like an ng on they're repairing shit
quick no I got it I blew it up it's fine
it's crap oh and the Oh excellence crap
from the outpost who I defended there's
a fire already and BB C I'm not much
help him I'm like a minute behind it any
news that pops up here or so oh there's
a fire in shield that's fine that's fine
if something comes up you're gonna have
to explain it to me as it's happening
they they shot out the cameras and so I
couldn't see inside and there's fire
there's a fire in there apparently and
it took out shields but I just spent it
now we'll go in and repair stuff pear
repair
our oxygen working yes okay our oxygen
is where hands fine they want me to
choose
XCOM or FTL no ultimately I would go X
come ultimately I love ft although it's
it's good FTL is great in like short
chunks you can you can play a game of
FTL real quick a game of XCOM will take
considerably longer yeah yeah okay okay
I'm a tea scrap on the first jump ooh
sweeps a tea scrap and I just got to a
place where I can sell missiles first
ground keep it and a hundred missiles a
scrap honors grant yeah just in case you
like that's spending money if you run
across the store or something okay so
rather than rather than upgrading right
away sure but do you see those amounts
I'd have to sell all of my missiles to
get thirty scrap do you own or do I just
sell five and get 15 scrap so five I
hate missile weapons they're good for
the first sector they're not bad though
and I wouldn't want to be completely
empty on the first sector absolutely
until I get another weapon I can't get
rid of all the missiles alright so
they're charging their FTL oh they're
hacking my engines already that's not a
big deal
no what are they armed with they have a
oh they have oh they have two beam
weapons it's not even a big deal
oh yeah the only problem is they're
after us you are going inside I would if
they only have two beam weapons I would
go for an engine and inner engine or
piloting so the decide to retreat they
can yeah missile their engine so now
they can
and I'm missile two there right lasered
their shields so another an open target
so basically I'm gonna I'm gonna fuck
him up I'm gonna fuck him up right about
now
good and they're dead good yes you know
what that is good Oh 121 scrap already
oh it's that's nice let's start start
with the engine and you know engine or
shields it could be a coin flip I like I
mean you know shields are a guaranteed
defense against like lasers beam weapons
and blast but missiles go straight
through shields and the only thing
that'll dodge your missile was engines
yeah yeah that's true okay scans reveal
a large asteroid field nearby short
range scanners may discover useful
material while we wait for the FTL to
recharge I am going to explore the
asteroid field because we've been doing
pretty well so far
okay we've yields nothing of interest
that was a fine that's fine cool but we
get a distress call over here so we're
gonna go to the distress I love distress
calls let's see here you follow distress
begin to a tiny asteroid belt you find a
small ship struggling to maneuver
through the field elbahr shields are
down and we won't last long
try to shield them with your ship or
don't risk the ship I'm going to try to
shield them with my ship worst-case
scenario you lose five points a hole but
you gain scrap oh I only lost four
points of haul and gained 11 okay yeah
you can always get an event that'll fix
up hold ya and then you're actually up
ahead and if that happens so yeah yes I
am four people ask I am on skype right
now yeah if I sound weird or something
blame blame Skype
yeah every once in a while you sound a
little a little bleepity bleep robot
a little robot esque I am robot I know
what how dare you guys insult aliens
isolation like that
and by how dare you guys install the
aliens isolation like that I mean thank
God you guys are reasonable people how
the hell did it get nines I can't figure
that out it has gotten a bunch of really
good reviews and I have no idea why no
idea oh all right
mercenaries oh just mercenaries seems
you're having some trouble with the
rebels I'd like to help you but I can't
afford the upkeep required of this hunk
of junk I'm flying maybe we can come to
an agreement we can hire them to delay
the rebels fight the ship or we have no
need for their services
how many do you think you could make up
you think you can make up the scrap with
the delay with the two extra jumps
essentially I am gonna delay the rebels
then do it if you make how much is I
can't see how much it is but oh man I
can do I get two jumps here and then I
can hit a store right before the exit
okay yeah oh god damn it
delay delay that exit as long as you can
item and we're at a son which means the
son can hurt us so we're gonna just try
to destroy these people as quickly as
possible
is my plan because every single solar
flare is gonna cause a fire on our ship
and that's gonna be a big old pain in
the ass it's manageable
it's manageable I would rather not have
to deal with it he's just got the the
one laser all those are easy I've always
got a drunk take out drone okay as long
as you take out one or the other well
you know what I'm gonna tell you
something this is this is sage advice
okay in that case where you've got the
the laser that can't get through your
shields and you have the that that blast
thing you know that's gonna hit your
shields and and take your shields down
but not get through your shields yeah
you're better taking out the laser
because if his blast can't get to your
ship anyway
worst case scenario best-case well work
yeah worst-case scenarios you might
dodge a few shots and your pilot levels
up okay don't don't underestimate having
the well-trained crew a small civilian
ship flies over as soon as you arrive
you are prepared to fight but they just
inform you that they're out of FTL fuel
and can't jump give them three fuel or
apologize and wish them luck and
continue on what are you looking like
I'm fuel I got 13 I'm pretty good and
I'm about to hit a store with a hundred
okay 40 okay some sometimes these
fuckers just update your math which is
infuriating absolutely and I wouldn't
need it right now anyway because I'm
almost done with the level but maybe
they'll give me some good they might
they mine I gave them the fuel
thank the gods we can finally get out of
here we're jumping straight home so take
this extra weapon
whoa what'd you get Oh a healing burst
that's well that's it that's if you if
you get a teleporter yeah
the healing burst is nice myself a
teleporting healing unit that can
instantly heal oh yeah you you send your
crew over you start killing people and
then when you're running low on health
shoot that room with the healing beam
and your your boarding party will go
back to full health okay and you you can
keep killing people
Healing bursts and and some mantises and
a teleporter yeah yeah you're in for
some fun times okay now oh I think
you'll you'll see this in a second I
have a five a fun decision to make here
because I'm in the range of two stores
yeah and and for the record I am skyping
and I am watching this delayed I'm
watching the stream with you guys so
yeah I can't I can't see what's
happening us it's happening yes and and
I just see someone talking about IGN's
review of alien and they're the only
people who apparently played alien I
don't I don't believe that any other
reviewer has played alien because okay
so we have one store that's further away
but I could still jump to the next door
and hit the I could hit both stores uh
it's worth it to find a good weapon but
it's like if you hit the one store it's
like hey I'd do it tick hit bolt hits
yeah it hit the one and then the one by
the exit hit the further one on the one
by the exit yep okay all right I'm gonna
do it
I don't think I'll have time to go back
to the first stores the family uh you
will it goes straight there right no I
mean yeah it go straight there yeah that
mine packing
we have mine control and hacking are
easy to find it stores
another three oh not three three sets oh
my god requires four power
yeah it yeah it did three is sucking two
is amazing but three sucks we have a
heavy laser one yes I think advice some
fuel and see what's at the other store
yeah okay about to fuel I don't think so
you may as well buy all the fuel don't
fuck around by all of you'll help you
buy all the fuel all right you're right
you're right alright let's go to this
other store backup battery I don't like
the backup battery again I've never oh
my Oh a new weapon what swarm missiles
and I don't like that we got a heavy ion
heavy ions good IV is good we got a
Hermes missile I don't care about that
we got a heavy ion I am good
I like ion weaponry I love I am if you
get two two ions are great so then the
question is like duo how much power does
that take it requires two to two of
those are really good
is it enough where I could get rid of my
Artemis yes like so much I could sell my
Artemis yes and get the heavy ion and
then I'd have enough to fix up my ship
and then upgrade some stuff what else is
available as far as equipment there I'm
a drone control cloaking which I don't
have enough for and backup battery again
okay and then to missile things which I
don't care about I know I know people
seem to love cloaking cloaking is great
but I can't afford it way if I sell yeah
yeah I asked a lot of money right now
and I can't I can't what I would even if
I sell the Artemis I can't afford it I
would I would buy the heavy ion sell the
missile okay upgrade upgrade your your
ships weapon slot one so you can use the
the laser and the ion with you I'm with
you and get some fuel I don't know if
you if you want to bother with repairs
that's up to you I mean you're still on
the green right and I'd want to upgrade
my engines at some point too and engines
engines or shield your your call
I have enough to where my engines one
okay there we go
okay great so I've just done all of that
I have I now have the heavy ion and the
burst laser which is a pretty killer
combo yeah I got three engine slots and
a whole bunch of fuel so actually I
might be able to go get some more fuel
yeah all right and and I think I had
enough left over to fix one slot that's
what that's fun
all right now to the exit
don't don't pooh-pooh a nickel you say
that all the time I love it when you say
that ooh scanners are showing
intelligent life forms on a nearby
planet no match for them can be found in
the database I kind of want to
investigate you land a small shuttle in
an enormous field whose only occupants
are a small brightly colored six legged
horse like animal could they be what
your scans have picked up tried a case
really try to communicate okay yeah um
yeah best-case scenario you actually get
another crew member with that one you
try to communicate in every possible way
but they just can't stay in this town
judging me with their large
expressionless eyes you prepare to leave
I and I apparently I left all right
okay so nothing happened if you if you
try to take one to sell it it might turn
violent in your ship and hurt somebody
yeah if if you do the communicate
peacefully either nothing will happen or
they will take you to a crashed ng ship
and you get a free ng oh yeah that's
good all right I'm gonna go - I'm gonna
go civilian sector unidentified hostile
sector civilian sector what does it
hostile and civilian it's hostile
civilian Oh civilian hostile civilian
yeah or else I can go and do what you I
mean you're what are your preference
what kind of sectors do you like I like
hitting the red sectors early just cuz
you know usually the red sectors will
have a higher output yeah and so right
now it's either ng or civilian and so if
I take the civilian path I have more
options like I can take the hostile set
a sector and then if I'm doing really
well I can take more hostile sectors or
if I'm not doing as well I can take some
civilian sectors so your call I have no
strong preferences if I go to ng control
though like it's an ng sector and I
could get some cool shit
decisions I'm gonna go with my gut on
this one and go to civilian okay that's
what my gut says rich okay listen I
honestly have no strong opinions on that
shirt so all right let's do this I
haven't done the math I'm not sure if
you can get more scrap out of a red zone
or not I know there I know there are
more stores in the green zones
oh my god
what do you hack your shields were you
sure did but that's okay because we have
the ion
what's he runnin with weapon-wise
nothing anymore I took him down
obviously a missile launcher of course
apparently lost in Technicolor I can't
see the thing he's firing at so we're
missing all of our shots but that's fine
that's fine there we go thank you
all right now he missed a couple he
missed a couple important shots but
that's fine oh yeah nice scrap yield
from then you know a technicolour your
your penance now is repairing the
shields that's what you get yeah you
know what if I have to train somebody to
fix things okay you know you have one
guy designated as a fixer yeah
Gunnar's not a bad one because that way
if your weapons go down he's right in
there all ready to start fixing them
absolutely well shields are good because
nobody gives a fuck if the shield guy
leaves his post well but I've never seen
that much of a benefit from the shield
guy I I've never had an issue with with
shields not recharging fast enough that
10% you get it helps okay
overhearing their conversations it seems
that they might need to take possession
of an enemy ship intact yeah we need to
try add transporter for that oh I can
offer my services you can but they'll
just say go away you're gonna have the
right equipment I mean yeah all right
the necessarily me alone Oh a distress
signal let's go there
ooh distress somebody's in trouble
Oh oh no it's this one again we have to
we have to try to shield them with our
ship that's fine that's fine sometimes
it works lost again better though we
only took one damage to the hull but got
40 scrap oh you know that fix fuel damn
dog do we have enough to prayer shields
were made 5050 but we need a hundred
times greater shield we don't have quite
enough
if we had a hundred scrap we can upgrade
our shields let's save it up save it up
saving it up all right
I think like I said try it oh you got a
fire going doing yep sure do thank you
for noticing that I I wouldn't spend
immediately if you haven't done that yet
I have not I don't don't try and I try
and hold on to a hundred just in case I
run to us run into a store and they've
got some kind of great fucking equipment
sure and I have not I
nothing nothing would piss me off more
than getting to a store after I just
spent ninety scrap and they have a
fucking burst laser - sure that would
piss me off so much
putting out the fire you unbothered rich
was so cool about the fire safety there
always is it in your engine isn't in
your your your oh my god it's just
spreading out of control like that I got
it already
don't worry all right all right all
right out of control I took this has
been bugging me for a la octo Jay says
the whale tanks weren't made out of
transparent aluminum Scotty traded the
specs for that in return for plexiglass
Mike Mike is aware of the gaffe what do
you want him to do about it
a couple of years late October but Mike
knows Mike knows bad he made a mistake
and it haunts him daily mostly because
we keep bringing it up hey Mike what
about that transparent aluminum and he
just shakes his head
octo Janos Mike isn't here what's up
with octo J today what's up with octo J
today's calling us Mike I don't know I
don't know idea what's up
I'm not being mean I'm being sassy and
for the record I get my PC parts from
from New Age usually I think I've heard
of or talk about building pcs and
whatnot and I do not I do not know any
sort of coding which I have made some
fantastic decisions
that's the thing you should know about
me I have made some fantastic decisions
in regards to my FTL run I went into
that little nebula and I fight two
little Scout ships with no shielding
yeah and I mean it's just it's worth it
for all the scrap that I'm getting yeah
ships are easy prey for easy targets
absolutely boom
crap oh now I got 130 scrap we'll
mention for those shields I'm gonna wait
though I'm gonna what would rich Evans
do I'm gonna wait wait what happened
tell me tell me the scenario Jack what
are you waiting for
oh I want I want double shields and so I
okay I have enough scrap for the next
level of shields bot you can you can
start building them just just try to
keep it at about a hundred yeah
but unless you run into a store oh yay
oh no mercenaries I want slaver ships
yeah I know I know bushes are you what
are you going to fight them anyway
you're gonna hire them to stall I'm not
gonna hire them to stall
can you would you be able to hit
significantly more jump since the
question no or you are you right next to
the end I'm right I'm kind of right next
to the end I could explore a little bit
more but I got it could be for naught
okay
or I could fight him well I if you don't
fight him it's a waste of a jump yeah
all right let's fight him let's see what
happens and they got that annoying super
she'll keep that in mind but eye on
weapons eye on weapons do more than
usual damage against the shield the
super shield
okay oh they missed their first couple
ones
oh they're super shield is already down
sweet they got nothing punk asses they
thought they were gonna delay the rebels
for you she's well they would delay
their the rebels with their own idiocy I
guess accept their offer
am i generous am i generous what are
they what are they offering to fuel one
missile and 17 scrap fuck no alright
fuck you guys you know I'm gonna do I'm
gonna blow up your oxygen just cuz I can
with that I know your weapons are coming
back online I don't care you Ted okay
great we still got a fuel and got 22
scrap worth it for killing them and a
store yes
yes that's why you don't blow your wad
peaceably oh here's what I can do I can
just given these guys quotes Jack yeah
I'm so generous rich Evans that's why
you don't blow your wad
oh rich have you beaten FTL on a hard
difficulty I have no knows it's that's
that's new with the advanced edition
right hard hard yeah I'm pretty sure it
is I think the original just said easy
and normal so I haven't played around
with hard much yet and it I'm gonna be
honest with you kind of terrifies me
okay I'm terrified of FTL on hard hey
rich
yeah we arrived at a distress beacon
near a small asteroid belt and find a
ship with pirate markings partially
crushed between two large rocks they
must have been illegally mining the belt
without proper equipment do we try to
dislodge the ship by shooting at the
rocks or destroy and loot the ship I
mean if you don't if you don't have a
beam weapon you're gonna take damage
doing it and they'll blow up anyway okay
so I should just destroy anything to
show you you might get lucky trying to
dislodge them but like if you have a
beam weapon that's a guaranteed success
sure sure sure I mean you'll take some
whole damage I mean if you want you
could just blow them up is that an
option just shoot them yeah I can
destroy and loot the show you could do
that as it's evil it's definitely what
happened you decided the pirate is not
worth saving and fire a few volleys into
their hull before you can scrap the
remains another pirate ship flashes over
that's a new thing for me yeah I've
never had that happen
perhaps they saw your deed or perhaps
they want to claim the spoils for
themselves but whatever the reason
they're charging weapons
actually this is better I'd rather fight
a real ship what are they got they have
an oh my god they have a good drone shit
okay all right hold on they have a fire
twice kind of drone shit okay they don't
have a drone anymore that's great
and shields come on shields
you down next great all right yeah
they're fucked they're fucked now that
was scary though for second person well
they took that did take down your
shields their drone was taking down my
shields and then they had to or then oh
yeah and the fuck you cannons and the
fuck you cannons so but you know what
it's fine now they ain't got shit ain't
got shit now and they're about to die
dirty pirate scum can you unlock pirate
ships can you be a pirate some of the
sea layouts have like pirate paid jobs
yeah um
good sorry I'm sorry no no no problem we
get fuel we get 28 scrap and defence
drone mark wanna punish we gotta gotta
get some people in to repair we got some
home damage here rich talk about
enterprise did you like it listen okay
did you hate it Jack we ever did you
ever watch other press here's the thing
about me I I think you know we've talked
about this you know this about me I
really like Star Trek and I did not
watch it even a single episode of
enterprise
I thought the pilot was fine and and
then that show got really bad really
quick I've watched about three episodes
and watched like the first three
episodes and then I haven't watched
another one sense wow that bad yeah yeah
yeah yeah why worried about that okay I
do that oh I totally can
and I do that here's the question rich I
can hit a store right now and I have a
hundred and seventy nine scrap I'm doing
good in the store Department huh
or I could try to hit one to hit the
store hit another one and no no that's
not gonna work on this oh wait wait
what's what's the what's the problem
here wait wait wait here's what here's
what I'm thinking can I hit another zone
before I hit the store just to try to
you know get the most scrap I can I
would hit the store first there's so
many beacons by the exit if you're if
you're close to the exit and you think
you can make it you can make that
decision then but I wouldn't put myself
into I wouldn't put myself into the hole
early you're right play it safe play it
safe Oh crew members crew teleporter oh
all right all right let me know what we
got free mega purchase okay oh man we we
have a lot we have a lot in here okay so
we have teleporters well that's control
we have hacking but more importantly
rich we have two Rock crew members and a
mantis crew member what's on page two on
page two is fire suppression
automatically puts out fires throughout
the shift yeah yeah can see respirators
crew takes half damage from low oxygen
and reverse ion field have you ever
tried a boarding strategy before Jack oh
absolutely I love boarding strategies
and tilt so if you board a ship and kill
the crew instead of destroying a ship
you get exponentially more scrap so here
we have two amazing fighting glasses and
a teleporter the Mantis the rock man and
the teleporter would be amazing with it
especially with your healing burst but I
would need to fund something expensive
what do you have to sell whoo I got that
defense yeah then we got that defense
drone yeah
I'm a defense drone that gives me 25 and
I have the heal beam which of course
could be a major part of my boarding
strategy but if I sell the defense drone
for 25 if you're on with the big
strategy I'd sell that defense drone
before you sell the fucking he'll burst
oh sure sure yeah I'm with you I can do
this it means putting off a lot of
upgrades I mean your shields still a 1
your engine stole only what upgraded one
little blip yeah but it means going all
in on this boarding thing it does it
really does but it also would mean a
shit ton of scrap okay wait let's do
some man I know 110 110 200 I need 200
and right now I have 180 and I can sell
for 25 okay I can do this
I'm doing it okay I'm going all-in okay
ok crew teleporter these rocks are that
much different mantas Rock and I'm gonna
fix too so I'm back in the green great
ok
all right we need some we need some
subscribers here it was gonna call it a
fearful sludge boy boy and who else we
got John keel oh god yo first two people
I saw him called it right right it
sludge Bowl I'm John keel oh you are our
fighters now got a teleporter they're
gonna die you're good I mean that's just
something you guys have to deal with is
your and inevitable death do you do you
have any leftover scrap for repairs I
have absolutely zero scrap okay okay
right now I have zero scrap and I need
to take away an engine just to power the
teleporters
Mario Mario you say you call dibs they
were the first two people I saw and
obviously I I'm prone to errors maybe I
didn't see you but that's that's what I
saw
yeah no hey if that's what you saw
that's what you saw no I don't like this
look we're all in it doesn't matter oh
we're in an asteroid field crocodile
brain vs. lion brain who wins that was
another part of that guy's rambling
comment with the life life lessons life
of lessons yeah
it's day so there's something wrong like
crocodile and lion brains yeah I have to
go back and find that full comment it
was beautiful it was just beautiful oh
yeah you should have put somebody in the
sensor room before you just went in
there blindly but okay okay absolutely
because my guys are dying well get that
start channeling that healing burst why
did you start oh my god you're going for
the the the the boarding strategy and
you didn't start charging up your
healing birds Jack it's because I'm dumb
rich and are you still shooting up the
ship no I'm not shooting at the ship
okay okay I'm just gonna keep moving my
guys
what did they hit me they still got a
missile launcher up you can shoot you
can afford to take the time you shoot
that oh no here I can get it back now I
can get him back now
I didn't lose anybody I didn't lose
anybody it's fine it's fine right okay
okay cool the heal beam is a missile
weapon yeah won't be a pain in the ass
if I didn't go through shields so you
know yeah and somebody brings a point up
and it's not a bad point if you if
you're using the you know with the
boarding strategy and you don't want to
shoot the ship anyway you may as well
use the ion weapon or not the burst
laser and I used both I just wanted to
take down I just wanted to take down
their weapons okay hold on
we can still we can still salvage this
mission yeah you totally can we totally
take off the first laser put back on the
ion
I on their weapons my heal beam is ready
to go at any moment come on get over
there
I'm kilo now you're probably trying to
repair engines right now oh yeah I got
this I got this
es so little help easy peasy
wanted okay good good I want it but I
still need to wait for my my thing that
cool down and we're in an asteroid belt
the ship only has two hits come really
come on you okay good I got him I got
him that would have been terrible
well if you lost him to a stray asteroid
yeah yep there's some risk involved yes
but we did it we did it I got some fuel
got some nice grab John kilo says jack
is going to abandon me at a dying ship I
can see it already
sludge boy says last time I served in
FTL I was stuck in the shield room I'm
finally using my fist like in real
science fiction so alright I find a
small space station that appears to be
abandoned town let's move in to examine
the station you docked with the station
to look inside however no sooner do you
open the airlock than Pirates burst in
meanwhile scanners pick up a previously
undetected pirate ship moving in for the
attack oh no there's intruders on board
yeah you can deal with that you're gonna
go mantas in a rock man it's just two
it's two engineers oh my god
Oh what
this is gonna be fucking dumbest pirates
ever that's fine
and they're going for my sensors really
you're going for sensors fine do what
you do Oh Oh what are you doing mantis
Oh
all right here we go we got by the way
rich after one hit they were looking for
surrender already one head did board
your ship with engies that's true I will
not accept surrender I'm going to kill
them hold on we need to fix some oxygen
no we need to repair our oxygen there's
some fighting happening pretty exciting
stuff you don't understand this question
okay what it's what is rich in Jay and
I'm assuming they mean jack what is rich
in Jay's favorite Mick G movie what does
a Mick G movie Mick G directed a bunch
of like okay who is Mickey gee he's a
director he did he did Charlie's Angels
okay okay he directed a bunch of
schlocky action in kind of the early
aughts I can't think of any other movie
he's done besides the chart Charlie's
Angel
so that tells you how important McGee is
to my life
oh he did terminate her for Jesus Christ
look him up look at my bridge oh why
didn't you borrow me ah that's a good
question because I was fighting there
guys and then by the time by the time my
guys got done fighting their guys their
ship was our only unlike one thing is
why is weapons for time you get it done
yeah I could have I could if I well you
know what I started thinking about
making gee that's my problem
that's my problem right there all right
all right let's go let's gooo jump next
sector this is this is a sector called
abandoned sector you've never been to
one of those I don't think I've ever
been one oh you already went there yeah
it was getting bored what you can't
board what do you mean I can't board
Lenna ships they don't have oxygen
Lanice ships they're the new race for
the advanced edition oh my god they they
work in oxygen less ships
if you try to beam over you'll just die
oh my god rich then oh I've made a
terrible decision yes you have this is
why Jack this is why you tell me
everything you take all right oh here we
go by the way by the way rich this is
the common okay
from that guy oh good the alien doesn't
have eyesight you dumb fat skinny fucks
it's pure instance look crocodile brain
like lion brain don't play the game
uninstall it you boring twats don't
don't about stuff you don't like do you
know lessons of life talk about stuff
you do like twats
I'm gonna copy paste that right now
thank you fearful sludge boy by the way
thank you
this is that quote is going on my
tombstone okay you've heard it all here
that is my my single dying request that
quote is going on my tombstone the alien
doesn't have eyesight your dumb fat
skinny fucks it's for instance the
crocodile brain like wyan brain don't
play the game I'm sorry no that's great
I'm filled with such a bridge do we want
to be nice to the lana's that attacked
us well what's the offering 21 spread
and to fuel to fuel but I have 23 fuel
yeah is he offering missiles
he offered one missile and plump up time
doing it
blowing up commencing
our next round for blowing up my area
okay yeah I got to fuel 30 scrap that's
pretty good I gotta hit up this store
though now I can hit one more sector
first I could add one more sector first
I want to go here then here Bath fuck'em
do you ever show mercy rich yeah if
they're offering me fuel like a decent
amount of fuel sure show mercy for that
or if they want to throw in a weapon
which I've seen happen once or twice
I'll take a decent weapon your scans
have picked up alanis vessel in the
system it appears to be navigating a
rich debris field harvesting the
minerals do we attempt to harvest attack
the vessel or ignore the vessel not sure
I'm up to you I'm gonna attempt to
harvest okay as you attempt to navigate
the debris you come too close to the
line of ship and they proceed to try to
harvest you that's good then we get the
blow somebody up yeah
I'm okay with this and that makes me
happy not as not as happy as don't don't
you like something you don't like
lessons of life crocodile brain it's the
crocodile brain part that makes me to
have like lion brain my crocodile
trained like lion brain don't don't you
review a thing you don't like
the review was worth it just for that oh
nice so we we destroyed that fuck that
trying to get us and we got 40 scrap in
a fuel we investigate the debris we get
an extra tool t2 scrap and three school
sweet oh that was well worth it so now
we are really good now we are really
good to jump to this store alright
oh you near a store good good yeah dump
into this door Oh Lana screw well here's
the deal with here's the deal with
Atlantis you have to know this okay any
room they're in slowly loses oxygen
right so with using using them as though
there's two there's Todd oh that would
be in a slug to to Lance would make for
an interesting boarding party oh my god
you're absolutely right I've never tried
it I don't know how well it would work
in practice but in theory two guys
sucking the air out you get like just
beam them right into their fucking
oxygen room sure drains oxygen from
rooms slow movement but no damage from
lack of oxygen that's honest that's
expensive and you already spent a lot of
money on a menace and a rock-men yeah
but like I could move my man says to my
shields cuz I need someone I know anyway
you're you're at a point though you're
starting to really need general upgrades

[Part II]
general upgrades oh listen I know I
could always if you want to take that
chance if you make that chance
aspects form has already called one of
the slots I'm gonna wait for the second
one if you decide to get one or both
till we come up with over somebody
should say oh my god
but you you're you know what you know
what tempts me the most rich is that
it's something that you've never tried
before
that's that's why I'm tempted my my my
tactical mind says save that for shields
and engines that's my taxable mine my my
creative weird explorative side says ooh
let's see what this does but I don't I
think that's got a bite in the ass and
here's the thing I'm I totally agree
with you i what i could do is fix my
entire ship and upgrade my shield to the
next level I know I know
or I could fix part of my ship upgrade
my here's the thing rich I have to do
this but I'm gonna play it smart I'm
gonna prepare that's smarts yeah repair
all and upgrade shields I apologize to
everyone
second shield level and the complete
repair of the ship was very important to
me
sadly Jack you probably made the right
choice you know what Jack you don't have
a crocodile brain you've got a lion
breath wait and that's that's the lesson
of life oh yeah they don't like it in
the chat I was being smart I'm sorry
chat sorry rich one rich one at FTL and
I didn't want to lose okay you come
across a human civilian ship preparing
to leave the sector they message you
we're getting out of here
there was some cult rambling about the
spreading of the disease you mantis
before they forcefully boarded our ship
and tried to open all of our airlocks
shouting be purged be purged is nowhere
safe anymore and that's it but nothing
happened there probably could be on your
ship let's continue right yeah they're
not on my ship I don't know when they
open your doors no you have to know they
didn't know anything they were telling
you know what they did they told me a
story
oh okay they've warned you that's not
useful okay trust beacon we're coming up
so that'll be fun all right here we go
I'm still upset you did this Martin
thing Jack I'm so I'm very sorry that it
would have been it would have been so
badass but to like it would have been
the two latest boarding parties that
just suck the oxygen out of her room
would have been fucking glorious it
would have been glares here's the real
problem is I didn't have enough to also
upgrade teleporters to get them out of
there just in case and so like it would
have been a doomed mission because
they're not good fighters that's that's
what you're that's what you're healing
burnished is for Jack okay okay you did
hey you did the smart thing that's not
my fault you weren't stupid
you detect the damage of vessel docked
with the jump beacon it appears that the
Lantis are absorbing metal from the
beacon they're risking destroying it and
becoming stranded ask if they require
assistance or leave I will ask if they
require assistance
you begin to message the ship but it
quickly powers on its weapons
defensively it appears to be fully
functional and looking for a fight gosh
darn it he's a mess
oh they have a cloning bay that's fine
you know why because they don't have any
weapons I wish I could I wish because I
have that I am I could remove their
oxygen and kill them slowly you need
multiple ions before that's effective I
know I could do it though I was doing it
left and right the other day I had like
four fucking ion weapons let's see here
you receive a message from the enemy
ship that your translator struggles to
interpret penitence for metal offering
intention
Oh a 22 scrap three missiles healing
first uses missiles does use missiles I
have 15 and they fired on me so fuck
them okay nice and it will be because I
said fuck them we get more scrap and
three fuel okay okay you're pretty good
on fuel though yes I don't have to worry
about fuel for a long time okay here's
the de-stressor II beacon ridge yeah
it's coming from the surface of a nearby
moon your sensors are picking up a
single life-form go down to the surface
to investigate yes you find a man living
alone in a cave from the appearance of
his wrecked ship it seems to have been
there for many years he looks healthy
but his mental state is questionable
bring him back to your ship in hopes of
finding some help for him or leave the
madman to his ravings he's not worth the
risk
if you don't have an upgraded med bay
there's like a 70% chance he's gonna
blow up part of your ship what yeah he's
gone crazy from his time on the planet
if you have an advanced med bay now they
can heal him I don't have an advanced if
if you don't he might be a regular old
crew member there is a chance for that
but there's also a chance he's gonna do
damage to your ship I don't think he'll
kill somebody but I can't say that for
sure but he might he might take somebody
with him and if you don't have them the
med bay upgraded seems like that hat it
seems like he's crazy more often than
not and because the chat asked I'm
pulling that percentage out of my ass it
seems it seems like he's not far more
often than he's a normal guy unless you
unless you have the upgraded med bay to
heal him yes yes yes Chad he has space
madness okay
you did read crew I don't know you know
you don't I'm sorry you just bought this
Deb I did some our crew I don't need
crew I will need crew once my boarding
party is useful again yeah yes Moki 85
that's right there's a 100% chance for
no damage if you leave him and there's a
relatively high damage he'll he'll cause
damage and kill himself possibly someone
else though I'm not sure he will do that
I know I did
you got it rich what did you do I left
them fucking there all right I feel
terrible about that you know it's a
harsh world it is but you know what just
happened I stumbled across a badly
damaged Lana's craft it jumps away as
soon as it sees you looking around the
area you discover a number of destroyed
of rebel automated ships it must have
been quite the fight but I get 49 scrap
and a fuel and a missile just for
jumping to this location that's always
nice that is always nice I think you
have enough scrap for it to be worth I
have an 80 scrap but I can't get to the
store and to the exit in time
I can go to the store then I'd have to
jump back to this beacon and then jump
hit hit the jump button and let me look
at the map yeah so so here's the store
the store is not connected to the exit
or I could hit you got about you got
about three jumps you think I got three
in me if I did that I could see I could
hit this store jump back and then jump
to the exit I might have three I
definitely have two where does that
where's that one right under the store
go to is it that doesn't reach the exit
no the one the one that's the one that's
directly to your right no yeah that does
not reach or that does reach the store
yeah but then I definitely wouldn't have
enough to get back to the exit in time
um um I'm thinking well this is a tough
call cuz I could I could hit I could
hear you know I could go Bam Bam and hit
one and the exit and be fine and then
upgrade my teleporters or upgrade my
engine or something you could because
the next sector the next sector I can
actually use my goddamn boarding party
so it's like you you can you could hit
like an extra one and three extra jumps
and the store if you didn't mind
fighting the rebel fleet once or twice
like you go to the one you could go to
the one down and to your left then the
one right of that then up and then up to
the store and then I'd have to fight the
rebels twice
they'd have to fight the rebels to get
back to the exit probably twice sure but
you would get it like four jumps out of
it rather than just the two you'd get
now to the exit hi dad its judgment call
I don't know how good you aren't
fighting the rebel fleets you know I'm
rich fuck it let's do it alright alright
what'd I say oh yeah Lantis merchant
appears to have a significantly improved
later as he clearly understands your
missile medal message contains more than
sufficient does your ship care to
exchange resources - 700 this is an
interesting one so -7 drone parts and I
don't have any drones 420 scrap which is
really nice mm or incline but ask about
their translation device translations
device is 40 and you're near the end of
the lantus sector okay is that what that
is
alright everybody else wants you to do
the device of course well of course they
do
oh well also they're big jerks who want
to see me fail that's always a factor
you detect a ruling translation equals
Laius crew member okay does it I don't
remember if that automatically happens
or if you have to hit an event with the
translator before you get the crew sure
but whatever whatever what's done is
done okay I detective refueling platform
near the beacon although it's broadcast
signals garbled you can't and you can't
oh it's broadcast signal is garbled and
you can't make out the message hail the
platform to attempt communication stock
with the platform or ignore the platform
I'm going to hide them or what are you
okay I'm not sure what I'm not sure what
all the ramifications are so yeah go
with hail I do it hail there's a screech
from your con system and the broadcast
suddenly cuts off the platform suddenly
begins to move revealing itself to be
Atlantis ship okay so it's a good thing
I did not dock with them because then
I'm sure I would have had bitches all up
in me and you don't want bitches all up
in ya somebody telling me if somebody is
telling me that that guy is back and has
posted replies Oh has he
I can't wait to hear what his crocodile
brain has come up
my lion brain can't wait to hear about
his experiences of life oh great we got
a whole bunch of fuel and a whole bunch
of scrap we're good that guy is great
whoever that guy is is great yes we did
it be proud of what the chat is doing
right now what are they doing
anyone oh you can't see anything
Thank You Chad that makes my night you
guys have got to get your shit together
though it's a little you're you're
almost there so Jackie got slavers yes
so we are going to attack the slaver
scum and get ourselves another crew
member
hopefully sometimes they just blow up no
well I pick up I'll send over my
boarding crew
oh yeah Oh phew I think if you kill the
crew yeah you get to choose from like a
list of people oh really oh I've seen
that happen I'm definitely doing that
hold on I just want to take out their uh
their weapons really quick here
oh they can't do nothing to me anyway
hold on we're gonna get out of here wait
that one's a double laser though you
want you want to hit the lasers once
okay yeah now you can probably go over
that one was that one was a I don't know
if it was a dual shot or a burst - but
we got him and now we're just gonna
heavy ion just go yeah heavy ion that
weapon sure sure
want to make sure they don't do it they
don't run away the bitches start
charging up my heal beam because I
remember yes yes
last time I was super dumb and didn't
hey where you going
it appears the slave just did not
survive the fighting you find a matter
burnt oh no no it's great but before you
strip the ship you hear faint noises in
the wall you break off a latch and a
slave falls out in a hidden compartment
and he's a Zoltan
oh sweet yes for those hey this little
glowing green guy it means I get a free
engine point and you're gonna be my new
shield master can I live ken but what's
your name rich what's Ken's new name
okay what is the code word for the chat
the first person to say such-and-such
that way I don't get any of that I said
it first
shit sure sure the first person flippity
chips flibbidee doo flibbidee chips
what's wrong I'm not putting on sensors
come on No
chain him to the all right bi B - I - ll
t - e TL e ÿÿÿ ÿÿÿ that's too long of a
name I can't be Cash's how about just
bill what is it bill bill totally if you
take out if you take out the the
underscores b io l yeah t ET l ey bill
totally you're on this telly except the
SE queda is already revved up on engine
you so much so tell me you're gonna be
our shields guy i just get those shoes
always that's great
fantastic now that is fantastic heck of
a run heck of a run we got on here
don't don't forget to heal your mantis
and rock man god I'm healing it right
now okay okay important to do when you
have the boarding strategy
okay
hundred seventy-three so now we get to
go to the store now we're going to the
still are 172 scraprack Elvis delvis
says fuck that name he's clearly not
using his lizard brain
oh wait totally not Bruce Wayne says
rich rich rich rich rich here's a quote
from the exact same guy here
I've just finished watching Godzilla 98
version and I have the spelt wrong it's
just felt IV because that new version
sucked I'm so glad I was part of the non
boring pure entertainment the 90s gave
us what I don't know I learned a person
this person is amazing okay rich we're
at a store now okay what are you get oh
I am blessed no question no question no
question okay but a Vulcan that's your
call no it's big cumbersome weapon takes
a lot to us by chain laser yeah I know
you like that you choose yeah I do like
they can be they can be good later game
yeah once you once you could afford it
but that's a lot of a lot of weapon
slots that I am blast that only cost one
that's only one slot that's only one
power absolutely fires really fast okay
you know what I'm done with it I'll get
it
there's no second thing explosive
replicator oh and then you also got
scrap recovery arm too down there oh I
do great let's do that I am blast and
scrap recovery be my purchase of spats
you know what those are my purchases as
well and I don't think I need anything
else so now I have 90 to spend so I'm
gonna upgrade my teleporters no no I'm
not because I have to fight the the dam
the dam dams well you're gonna be out of
the sector sooner or later I have two
jumps and so I'd rather spend that money
on one more engine points at least oh
yeah for now yes I'd good if you can
afford 200 points get two I don't know
if I can afford two engine points
I cannot afford to engine points I can't
I can't afford to power two engine
points it's my problem well um but I
know I got one engine point I would buy
it anyway if we need to suck power from
something else we can do it cuz if you
just want to run you can power down your
weapons and just shove it all under the
engine you know what I can do I love it
I can upgrade my piloting to get Auto 50
percent of Asian I don't have enough for
another engine okay
okay I'm gonna upgrade my piloting
because I haven't upgraded to any of
that yet yeah okay Auto fifty percent of
Asian which I think is I mean I'm kind
of I'm kind of mad on that but okay oh
yeah I guess it just adds evasion
without a pilot but yeah whatever or I
could buy another bar I don't really
need another bar but I had no I'll just
wait I'm just gonna wait that's what I'm
gonna do all right I gotta fight these
fucks now
time to fight the fuck's all right so
we're just these guys don't only give us
a fuel and we don't really care about
fuel so we're just waiting for that FTL
to charge we're gonna hi I'm the
shield's first laser the weapons they
got a flak cannon oh they were
teleported to those fucks yeah you got
you got guys that can deal with that and
they're going there to deal with it
right now
all right how many jumps can you get
there in two bows like was I right about
that I'm just curious yeah yeah okay oh
they're fucking hard already I'm on FBL
yeah all right here's what what I would
do yeah heavy ion on either shields or
piloting and then the other ion on
either shields or piloting but well yeah
yeah then you can weapon the the weapons
you can you can blast the weapons room
with the regular laser what just do what
you're doing don't worry about okay okay
your ion blast doesn't look like it's
powered though oh you didn't buy them oh
you don't have them you know I know I
can't get a weapons upgrade all right
all right that's gonna be the next
priority yes yes it will be if I had if
I had two ions right now I'd be in good
but it here I can jump right now jump
good exit I have to fight him one more
time what we're doing all right all
right come on we're doing all right here
we go
I could just double eye on him know
somebody somebody's saying don't do
heavy ions you know what I did a run
last night where I had three heavy ions
and it was fucking great
yeah but heavy ions do two ion damage
normally with the regular ions by the
time by the time it's charged up for
another shot
they're already repairing from that ion
damage and so you can barely get through
the shield with those the ion heavy ions
due to ion damage and that keeps her
shields down longer I totally like the
heavy ions now they've they've won me
over after that game I had like last
night of a night before okay great
what's your damage looking like after
that not bad not too bad okay yeah yeah
that's fine that was worth the trip for
the goodies oh absolutely absolutely a
civilian sector or rock controlled if I
go rock controlled it's already from
here on out if you go rock control it's
gonna be harder to board ships that's
true all right civilians like there it
is
getting out of here I got I have people
and ship parts to repair everybody's
hurt everybody's hurt the for the for
the chant for for mast on thruster
they're asking about space cop
if filming is actually almost done
there's still gonna be a lot of post
work I'm giving you that warning but
we're actually almost done with the
filming it's almost in the can that's
great news JJ has already started
talking to me about all of the effects
shots yeah I know he started a very
rough edit with some you know a lot of
the stuff we do have character yeah
there's gonna be a ton of post
all right here we go
here we go rich we're going all right
you want this we're doing this all
research station orbits a nearby pulsar
it appears largely abandoned but you
detect power signatures flaring up as
soon as you're in scanning distance a
small combat ship launches from the
station pirates
easy pickings what do they have here
they have lasers Jayne lasers let's fuck
them up that's oh they have a med bay
but we can take that down my guys in
blind unfortunately why don't you put
somebody in the sensor room real quick
just to take a peek at what's going on
in there jack
take your mat us put them in the sensor
room
sensors yeah it's a it's a mandible
system and before you you know pre jump
in and get overwhelmed it might be nice
to yeah I don't know what you going up
against yeah just peek this is how you
are you're always so logical and you
figure stuff out before just running in
there and firing guns that's not how I
like to play here's the great news is
they're all three humans in here Oh easy
easy pickins easy so I'm probably going
to go
shields now I'll go into piloting and
we'll fight them in piloting here's my
plan they don't they have a med bay they
have a med bay but let's take that out
before you do anything
take that take off take off the med bay
and beam your guys into med bay so they
can't fix the fucking med bay while
you're fighting them oh my god alright
here we go
but abandoned what did that just do Oh
oh shit this is fine this is fine
everything's gonna be fine just don't
beam them over before that med bays down
I can't I can't stress that enough times
but okay okay it's done it's down and
now I have both of my ions trained on
their weapons yeah and my heal beam is
charging took out my weapons okay the
lunar Oh No what happened I lost my
Mantis listen you're gonna see what
happened in a second it was bullshit
there's utter bullshit rich bullshit is
what happened somebody else ran in there
no no they hit me with a laser
while my shields were down because the
moon's fucking oh I could see it about
to happen right now
so they oh I hit my man oh yeah no and
now my teleporters down oh man
everything is fucked everything is so
fucked
oh wow yeah
yeah I'm not good no not good but you
know what it's fine I'm gonna take them
out right now there's only one human
left and I'm gonna take them out they
have the medbay fuck you
you're fucking medbay how about that
we're getting fucked yeah I'm getting
fucked a little bit
as I haven't killed now there medbay is
being an ion so they can't get me or
they can't heal
okay we're fine now now work their bed
okay they're medbay is running though
well yeah it's running for yeah but now
I just got full weapons and just take
them out normally all right all right
what what happened everything's fine uh
everything's fine except for I lost my
fucking mansis what was his name
what was his name that was either John
kilo or or fearful sludge boy I'm not
sure what you mean by which you know
that was we lost ledge boy ah I bet I
bet sludge boy as he was back in the
shield room boy who gained a ton of
scrap yeah the loss that man is that's
yeah that's dead fucks your boarding
strategies what that does really does it
really does but
ah right
terrible fearful so sludge boy you stop
complaining I didn't forget you I just
didn't know which one Jack named fearful
sludge boy
so this bit you detect a rebel automated
ship nearby it does not engage and seems
to be patrolling around a long-range
sensor wait okay well why don't you beam
your rock man over oh no wait beam
directly onto the stage okay you got it
yet a teleport option great great once
on board your crew is able to access and
download the long-range scanners
activity your map has been upgraded so
their jerk alright let's upgrade my ship
one more weapon slam ooh I can give me
one more teleporter slot to
okay so now I can have both ions and the
burst laser going I would forget about
the teleporter and - you can get another
mantis or Rockman all right I'd be
looking for a beam weapon or another
burst laser to complement your ion
weapons or another ion weapon oh that's
rich we can make some plans now
great whoo-hoo sell missiles for scrap
we haven't been using any of our
missiles yep I can give it 15 missiles
and get 45 scrap
go for it I did it I did it
scrapping it up now we're gonna fight a
ship oh very close to a nearby Sun I
don't want to fight that chips off like
this ship thank you map thank you map a
small rebel ship oh you're gonna be so
fucked riches is there anything shitty
that you've watched lately that you can
complain about alien isolation oh god I
hate my hate yeah and if you're shown if
you showed up for the chat light weight
we already went over that oh god yeah
if you want to hear us talk about alien
isolation and you showed up late well
there's your lesson of life maybe next
time use your crocodile brain that's
what turn down for what oh I know what
you just did hey rich
have you checked out wasteland 2 yet
well the yet implies that was gonna
check it out in the first place so I
have no I don't even know what that is
I know it's a game I know it's again I
know it's a game
hi I'm going for the long haul in here
wrench okay there's a possibility that I
can take out their accident with the I
hands
all right now you can keep sir if you
can keep their weapons down
oh no they're charged in there I can't
okay all right that's fine I was I was
hoping we could have some fun here
that's fine
we're just gonna fuck about
all right is gonna fuck something that's
fine or we're not gonna fuck him up
Hey
oh no what I got now I hate that what
made you choose to do zelda 2 for a
prereq episode and and my thinking was
just we try to get variety i'm prereq
like we just did a big triple a release
we you know we did some was what do we
do right bro yeah we did that guacamelee
to take a 2d game before that know do
something retro next just just just
variety we had an upgrade to our door
subsystem in exchange for 12 scrap yeah
yeah that's worth with thank you yeah
that's the the real thing is we want to
we want to try to make sure we get it
the biggest variety of games and so yeah
we did that we did two indie titles in a
row and that you know we know not
everyone likes games so it's like you
know so but then we did the big alien
games and now we want to go back to a
retro one and then well you know we just
try to mix it up and when we were
thinking about like what retro game we
would want to do again we weren't
looking for another you know yes this
isn't gonna we're not planning a hatchet
job on zelda 2 rad it was just it was
one of those games where it's like oh i
remember it being really bad i wonder if
it is really bad or if that was just
because I was so used to zelda 1 you
know yeah i mean i remembered it being
less bad more just odd and so just that
you know maybe it'll be interesting to
revisit this and see what we get out of
it yeah I think that'll be the case I
think it's just gonna be one of those
that
that is it's it's Franken to be a very
unique beast rich how much that huge
cheeseburger do you have to eat during
the Django review the Django de django
django django right the D is silent yeah
okay um not that much uh I was like
there's like a bucket on the floor next
to me that was in use so that is not as
much as you'd think
good good yes I am error
I am error I'm looking forward to
playing zelda ii i it's cuz like i said
i remember i remember hating it as a
younger kid and so i just one day i
wonder if it really is bad see my i wish
we had a an angle ahead of time a thesis
of some sort coming in ahead of time
better thesis then is it that bad yeah
yeah there's what if we what if we what
if we play it and we don't get anything
useful out of it i guess we could just
change what we're doing if nothing
productive comes out of playing that
game worth like it's a fine game or it i
mean if it is as bad as everyone
remembers that's fine
right because then it's like yes this
deserves to be forgotten
mhm if it's a good game then that's an
interesting thesis as like oh no this
was just like lost under the shuffle of
zelda one but it's still fine game the
only thing is if it's mediocre then no i
don't i don't yeah well we're living
dangerously we're we're living
dangerously
that is true defend the outpost jack of
course I'm defending the outpost
like I wouldn't defend the outdoors
first I gotta I have to suffocate this
man who decided to board my ship like
the punk that he is the doors and rock
man come in and kill it now
waffle tell I could I could explain that
joke but out of context everybody else
would just be confused so he said I'll
link to something Mass Effect related it
was it was good before the third one put
a pall over the whole series I mean for
for a two-year period my favorite game
it was Mass Effect and it occupied my
favorite game ever slot brief period
them minute minute minute I played
through three I I couldn't go back I
tried playing Mass Effect one month or
two after I played Mass Effect 3 that's
just depressing it is just
Irish check your map here we have an
interesting situation
I have 212 scrap yep three stores three
stores amongst me and possible ship
detective
do me a favor let me see your your
engine upgrade screen what do you how
are you doing it upgrades in one huh no
I mean not a ton you know obviously I
could use it more engine pretty well you
get you can probably use another decent
weapon so I might want to see what the
stores have sure I'm with you I'm with
you but I have to choose one of these
stores not to go do well go to the first
one and see what you find there yeah if
you find a bunch of great shit you might
not need to bother with the other stores
all right that sounds fair Auto mutation
is asking if I'm looking forward to Mass
Effect 4 Jack here's you enter here
minding my official stance on Mass
Effect 4 if you send me a physical copy
of the game once it comes out I will
destroy it on camera I might decide to
use a paper shredder I might decide to
use a sledgehammer but I will destroy it
on camera any any copies of Mass Effect
4 obviously though it has to be a
physical copy because I cannot destroy a
digital one right if I could I would
right right that's funny I'm ok so I
guess you guys know what you have to do
Bridge boarding strategy is back on
what's on the other page nothing
cloaking we could do cloaking drone
control and mind control which could be
fun and drones of course fun to rock
boarding party and one Rock with
increased fighting ability we could do
that and we could try mind control that
could be fun
don't don't discredit that the cloak you
know I've never found the cloak I've
never I've never liked the cloak you
know I don't discredit it it's just like
I've never met it it takes a little bit
of micromanaging like like if you got a
ship that's about to blast you with
missiles you you go to cloak right after
the missiles launch and they will miss
right right oh sure sure
I'm with you I could do cloaking and get
a crew member I'm yeah I'm reluctant to
blow more money on crew members yeah but
I don't I don't have a boarding party
right now I have one guy I'm almost
taking I almost want to just take that
strategy off the table and look for some
other weapon that will go with your two
ions and the blaster okay I'm just gonna
fix my ship a couple and we'll move on
that's the thing we can do to fix your
doors
hey I'm fuel oh I got whatever fuel I
can fix my ship like a couple a couple
pegs and we'll move on to the next door
yeah
okay okay okay okay
attacking the automated ship to get at
the storage cache a that won't do hey
that won't do shit you do that fearful
sludge boy says you should have
protected me jack
I'm sorry fearful of sludge boy I really
am you served this crew valiantly and
now it's time to move on with our lives
with your life well technically he can't
get on with his life Heber killed him
after life I really do apologize double
ions yeah I know I know
ions are the best there are they're
absolutely wonderful you get three
targets shields you target piloting and
you target weapons yeah yeah way to go
waffle tell your your death was
completely fucking out of my hands it
was it was just pure bad luck if for
everybody who doesn't know waffle tale
on my my one of my last FTL runs it was
my first cat my very first jump of the
game waffle pill died at the event
that's right he didn't last a single
jump it was it was bad luck
and I'm sorry you're dead there wasn't
much I could do about him that was
really funny tole gone says rich why do
you laugh so loud why would I not laugh
so long huh never thought about that
excellent Oh rich
we got flack baby you know what tear to
the eye and that's not the worst thing
we have flack and we got another burst
laser weight would burst what number
burst - you've got a here's what you've
got to burst lasers we choose right yeah
they have the exact same cooldown yeah
so you're you're ya know a dad burst -
flack sure we also have we also have
cloaking again mind control and hacking
first laser to upgrade your weapons
you're gonna you're gonna fuckin kill ya
and I can thing here in your way sure
and I'm gonna get I'm going to sell my
heal beam Sully he'll be he'll sell ya
what I what I kind of said yeah okay and
I'm going to buy the burst laser - yes
and then I'm going to go to my ship here
and we're gonna upgrade the weapons so
how many wait what do I need here when
you one two three four or five six seven
three four five so we need two more in
my ship and then we need two more here
and now we can power now we have two
ions and two bursts fully that's all
times that is good
that's better than good we can kill
everything all the time that's that's
like that's like a final weapons loadout
you've got walk in there yeah okay oh
I'm gonna go back to the store I'm gonna
prepare a little bit here okay great
and now let's go to yeah we're gonna
have to fight we're gonna have to fight
some some rebels unfortunately a but I
think we're prepared for that and good
old that old tech technicolor is now a
fully powered weapons guy nice nice door
which kind of sucks cuz I don't have
anything left to do now we're just gonna
see if there's anything great at this
store yeah I guess you have to there's
nothing else you can really do so there
was a Pike beam that doesn't do much
oh well okay that's fine like beam and
some people alright so now we have two
jumps to get to the exit and I have to
fight the rebels for two jumps let's see
how badly we can fuck them up two jumps
oh my sweet Jesus I can't see what
happened it was either really good or
really bad terrible things are happening
rich yeah what happily you know what not
that bad
the Haiti weapons or something okay no
no we're gonna we're in a nebula and so
we lost like half of our ship power and
so I just need to divert power from the
engines to get a shield back and I need
to make a decision
you need to make a decision on what
weapons I want so I'm gonna choose the
ion blast and the to burst laser
and I'm gonna bless their shields
obviously
what are they gave for weapons they just
got the that's a halberd you want to
take out that halberd okay that does two
damage per room it hits oh yeah but it
can't get past my shields you're out of
the screen I'm looking at right now you
don't have other how many shields do you
have active right now only one he'll
burn does to damage it'll do one damage
it will get through okay well I just
destroyed I just destroyed it on my
first volley with my to burst laser
tubes okay okay so they will be
destroyed momentarily yeah it does
lesser damage but that gets through one
Micheel okay okay that's good to know
that's good to know tonight nice weapon
to have actually the halberd yeah ya
know therefore they're um they're
straight-up fucks is what's going on
right now
this is an amazing weapon set that we
have I know that I'm super psyched about
this is pretty much one of my favorite
loadouts in the game yeah the double
double burst laser tubes oh all right so
we're gonna jump and the thing we have
to remember when we jump is to get all
of our systems back online it's if
you're killing him you may as well get
that one fuel I took it
oh he's already dead doesn't see him I'm
late hold on hold on I gotta I gotta get
my ship fully powered again okay here we
go
and we'll do let's see here will do ion
blast on actually we'll just do both the
ions on shields and then both of the
weapons on weapons great and now we wait
oh he might get me with a missile
unfortunately I'll see no no I switched
you dumb fuck don't you love it when the
AI does that I don't I know I'm assuming
he turned off the missile to power up
the laser loaded and he turned it off
it's a power the laser oh fuck oh
alright got the fuel getting out of here
it's old time controlled or rebel
controlled so Tom's green rebel controls
red and adults on control I think I
think if you go to the Zoltan control
nothing you haven't come across any of
the home worlds yet have you no no it's
a shitty fucking luck jack those are
where the most of the ship unlocking
quests happen oh if you see a whole
world section yeah does it say home
world no those on control that then
doesn't doesn't really matter
I'd go with outgoing Zoltan for the sole
reason that I think you might be more
likely to find a Zoltan crew members
alright let's see there's on patrol
their borders but let you pass when you
ideas Federation let's hope they'll be
courteous or not or whatever
haha
I'm taking a glance at the chat they're
saying he hates consuls in general I
thought assuming assuming added to
somebody assuming they're talking about
me I joke about consoles vs PCs I I
prefer PC
I prefer mice and keyboard for shooters
I don't hate consoles though I really
don't hate I hate the n64 except for
starfox starfox 64 was good everything
else on that system looks like crap and
that controller is goofy rich yeah what
happened
you got a Zoltan remember see what'd I
tell you what'd I tell you you know what
you know what that means that means you
got more power it means we're back on oh
no not a Zoltan I got it it's a oh I got
a uh-oh man Josh I got a mantis okay
okay that means we're back on don't all
right if you go back from boarding yeah
don't forget to turn off auto targeting
oh you totally write a lot of wires off
all right I turned it off already
you keep it on and see you disable their
ship enough to go over and start fucking
them up a decent upgrade for you next
Jack might be sensors it's a good idea I
can do that now yeah okay hold on I need
to make a decision
I want to do here I think I can hit more
if I go down you know alright I'm gonna
go I'm gonna head down to the nebula oh
did we did we name the new guy oh my god
we didn't
what's codeword gonna be jack oh well we
can't worry about it yet you don't
figure they I'll figure that out after
okay you figure that Oh cuz I have
intruders on board I need to I I know
what it's going to be you know what it's
gonna be alright oh I'll say it when the
time comes okay
they have to fight the our new our new
Mantis needs to prove his worth by
fighting initiation beat up that guy if
you want in can you do it yeah he can
apparently
so when he's DEP we're gonna we're gonna
name that guy right okay ready and we're
healing him now okay okay
this mantis will be named after the
first person who says alien isolation
sucks my balls
nailed it rich nailed it let's see here
oh I see it already even flow even flow
and you did not oh if they altered it in
any way I I was not gonna have that it
had to be alien isolation sucks my balls
all right even flows gifted this might
be our very first and Nan pizza roll
crew member oh yeah okay okay you did
not specify that it had to be a pizza
roll I did not I should have but all
right let it go this once because they
said alien isolation sucks my balls and
that makes me happy
alright alright lag sucks my balls
well everyone had the same lag it's
broadcast out at the same time all right
all right we need some scrap
we need some motherfucking scrap
on the upgrade I want to upgrade my
teleporters
let's go into the nebula
all right what are your thoughts on
Evenflo the album what what I know it's
a question I was confused by it because
I've never heard of that so those are my
thoughts on it do you mean them do you
mean Pearl Jam Pearl Jam has a song
called the Evenflo yeah okay I don't
have strong views on Pearl Jam okay
yeah I remember listening to Pearl Jam
and enjoying that movie was a blackout
with something the best 14 or better to
hear you over that album that was a big
album nineties Jack I'm a musical idiot
I um I know I know I've heard many of
their songs but often I couldn't tell
you a song they've done okay I mean I'm
sure you'll tell me a song oh yeah I
don't know I guess Pearl Jam did that
okay
that'd be my reaction because for the
most part I'm just a musical idiot
mm-hmm what's what's making you what's
making you go whew
bigs grandpa oh okay nice nice you were
just able to upgrade our teleporters we
are now just so good to go I like like
being in these nebulas okay here you
jump into the middle of a plasma storm
multiple recently incapacitated chips
loom in the shadows briefly illuminated
by the lightning manually search the
wreckage for survivors and equipment or
risk
lenok let it go let it go you've got a
decent chance to lose a crew member flat
out and gain nothing all right yeah yeah
I have one more one more nebulous pot to
jump to intruders on board oh I don't
know how we're gonna deal with these
intruders
oh geez I need to deal with them fast
enough because we're losing oxygen in
the nebula apparently we have no hope no
I just turned off everything
everything's fine right don't worry
about anything fighter built at Lisa's
rich cares he really cares I think it's
because I saved somebody from the nebula
death yeah I wouldn't have I would have
left the all fuckers and power yeah okay
you just did it yeah oh yeah I saw that
too late like everything was on power
for some reason yeah yeah well because
you came out of the the ion storm nebula
right yeah that's it all right we gotta
fuck some bitches up here and we win
array for everyone okay okay all right
deck Quaid Don kilo get your shit
together cuz we're about to take this
sector by its balls it's gonna be great
I am super excited about the Federation
just fuckin up this sector you've got
you've got the essentials you've got
you've got the basics for beating the
mothership yeah yeah and you get you
some things like hacking and whatnot but
can I hit two stops before that store
that's the question
we're gonna play it by ear I don't
really need this store I could use
another crew member maybe you arrived in
a system and immediately discover a
pirate ship nearby strangely scans
indicate there are no life-forms aboard
you salvage everything at us weep yes a
ton of scrap and a system repair drone
thanks you good nice okay I'm everything
slag so what I'm looking at anyway oh
you were helping me figure out my route
yeah yeah yeah so I hit that I'm gonna
hit the one right next to it and then I
have yeah my choice of three after that
and I think I could hit two more and the
store that's my hope is I can hit two
more in the store mm-hmm well the
question is do I hit this one really
close to me or one further or two
further away how much scrap do you have
right now I only have 57 I got me you
needs you need scrap you know unless you
got a lot of you have a lot of stuff to
sell but a lot I'd I have two things to
sell I have two drones okay but well
here's the question right so know you
can see my map now is there's one I can
hit two in the store maybe so probably
do you want me to hit this one it's a
it's a horse of peace but I can hit the
one closer to me or I can hit ones
further away from me which one be my
lucky charm here closer or further the
one the one closed and the one further
if you got time to hit the store good if
you don't don't worry about it
you need you need general upgrades like
shields and engines ISM as much as you
need crap that you could find in a store
okay all right then I'm hitting the one
close because the heart the hard part
finding decent weaponry you've got that
sure you've got a teleporter so you can
get in there and take out the mother
ships missile launcher I mean it'd mean
it'd be nice to have some more just
equipment like an automated reloader or
something but yeah an automated
you-you-you need scrap and ship upgrades
to you only you only got four engines
steel still and only two shields so
you'll they'll be there'll be other
stores how's that that's good
you need scrap I'm gonna fuck some
people up here rich
you've got a you've got a you've got a
killing machine I have a killing machine
and there's only two people on board and
it's a human and it's a slug you're oh
god you're flying a fire cracker jack
yeah it doesn't have a cloning bay or
anything fucked up always it doesn't
have a med bay always check that shit
before you try and board cuz I as fuck
me a few times oh no I didn't know they
had a bed bed and see it look sure okay
and then you're fucked and we are
boarding this fucker
and Hamilton the heavy ion onto its
shield and this ion onto this so it
doesn't run away
hey and we are now boarding the fucker
up you're about to destroy some people
turn okay the auto yes I try auto fire
out something very important yes simple
things that get you sometimes chest ooh
oh that's not a good augment but
whatever the last pirate life signs
blink out we get 60 scrap and advanced
FTL navigation even flow the Mantis is
complaining about being on the boarding
party why you're a don't you're the hero
even if we even flow and John kilo you
will get to tell the stories of conquest
everyone else is just on the ship is are
you just mad because I might get you
killed
why I don't know I don't you know the
the Gunners and and the pilots probably
have some interesting stories now less
so the shield guy you know cuz he's the
shield but like in the pilots the caps
sure this year a poor poor Tetley
fortunately it's just like you guys they
keep I keep the ship save I found a
phone away to maximize impact output
resistance and they're just like up
deadly Jack intently Kermit the Frog
back when I was on my lily pad with sing
a little song
keep those shields are another store
Jesus Christ this is great we're doing
ray rich
that's you know Jack that's what you get
for her name and a guy who doesn't have
a pizza roll you know late they complain
because they're on the exciting boarding
party I'd soldier tells they were
dealing with a bunch of jerks if you
think you think Jack doesn't find Kermit
the Frog you need to hear mykes Kermit
the Frog here's here's here's my here's
my Micra Matt the Frog story it's a very
short one though Mike does like lick it
all Mike does that spot on Emperor right
it is he does a spot on Kermit really
like a fucking spot on Kermit III told
somebody once like oh you know does a
great Kermit Mike Mike doesn't great
Kermit Mike was there I said Mike do
your Kermit and that fucker deliberately
did a bad job yeah sure that jerk that's
by the way that's so Mike oh my god
that's so fucking Mike that's great
that's all I mean it's hilarious but
obviously there's just like come on
oh shit oh shit oh no I might oh fucking
fuck
I wasn't paying attention and I almost
lost our mantis I almost lost even Oh
after we were just making fun what
happened what almost happened
I loved him I left him on the other ship
too long and he he follows people and
beat a bunch of people and I just left
him on that ship a little too long and
you you got to be careful about fighting
uh zoltan's now soul towns are vote I
always get it wrong sometimes right the
Z is also as all times are the glowy
guys yep they blow up when they die now
I don't think they did before the
advanced upgrade is that what's going on
yes I forgot about that they they they
now explode when they die
oh that's why I was wondering that's a
little help yeah because the X oh oh oh
now that their ship has been emptied of
hostiles you search it eventually you
find a prisoner who offers to join your
crew we got another crew member all
right what do we have what do we have
what is he good at and Gump oh oh he has
high repair skills that's really nice
but what species a human so okay yeah
he'll be a good repair monkey doe and I
can put him on the sensors or doors you
know just to okay
okay give us some answers
chat I have not seen Star Wars rebels so
I cannot comment on it sorry sorry sorry
no that's okay okay so here so so so
what's the role with this one has its
role spp its role okay happy throw
what's the code word you tell me I came
up with the last one you know what hello
Draco gets it because he just said
codeword okay okay we go you are in
charge of this run you can do what you
wish and I thought and I thought that
was funny hello Draco
with ac3 go I'm just gonna call you
drink over though Draco Draco has joined
the crew and put him on sensors now we
have super sensors we got a hundred and
fifty scrap to play with bad not them
another jump and a store coming up yeah
that's save it for the store but after
that engines or shields
well kabocha up your base ship Jack yeah
for the ease of boarding you also might
want to think about putting one in
sensors now if you didn't already okay
so now we have super sensors all right
let's see what we get over here what
appears to be a Zoltan science ship
requests permission to dock I will talk
with them you allow them to approach but
are caught unaware when they open fire
oh fuck you alright well that's fine you
know why I'm gonna destroy you I want
you to know that I'm going to cannot
find server says man you guys towing
what the rebel fleet is terrifying have
you have you seen our weapons loadout
cannot find server we've we've got we've
got a death machine on our hands
absolutely no if we have to hit the
rebels a couple times and that means we
get forward to head to for more outposts
yeah absolutely doing that and I have
not beat hard mode but I'm plenty
comfortable playing normal those that
was answering questions ok my burst
lasers are off and I send my crew over
remembering that they exploded ok
and yes I finally did get that copy of
XCOM pocalypse you said
actually literally just came in today
yep
yeah be careful I had full health and
they were so low on health so it's like
I wasn't too worried if we beat their
asses and now we have 200 scrap to play
with I'm gonna go to this store maybe or
maybe I'll just upgrade we'll see I'll
sue we want to do we're gonna get our
guys healed up first
yep you to you to even flow I haven't
lost you yet
what the fuck oh my god Oh
we read in Monday regiment regiment
ringneck thank you for subscribing what
the fuck
exactly that was you that time I'm I'm
gonna you know what Jack I'm gonna try
and three off at some point tonight ah
this is a pretty boring Oh people are
gonna hate me we have that cloaking
option again how much money do you have
I have two hundred scrap and cloaking
takes a hundred and fifty how many how
many how many wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait how many how many more
jumps until you get to them the end
Oh maybe two or three not many I mean
I'm gonna sorry not the that jumps I
mean how many more sectors how close you
to the end yeah oh that's what I that's
what I thought you meant like two or I
have two or three more sectors don't I
don't they don't want to do it alright I
don't think I want to do it I think I
could also get drone control I have two
Oh cuz like I have system repair drone
anti-personnel drone you pretty good on
firepower yeah what does what does that
page two there's a whole repair drone
yeah those aren't bad those aren't bad
at all you only have seven drones keep
that in mind that's true um no I think I
just like to fix up my ship a couple and
then spend this money like upgrading you
know maybe get my third level shields or
upgrading uh okay okay I'm just gonna
have spend like yeah one there normally
I have a hard time finding cloaks in the
field I usually play with a cloak when I
use the stealth Cruiser it's not a it's
not a bad system if you use a right bed
alright I am I'm okay with the concept
of boosting the engine or the shields
I need a hundred and then 30 so I can't
get my next level shield so I'm just
gonna boost my engine two spots and now
we have a 48 percent chance of evade
which is super hot that's super sexy
oh we're gonna have to fight the rebels
again oh darn we're gonna have to fight
the rebels think when they do good
tougher even if you have a good ship
they can get pretty tough I know I do I
do want I wish I hadn't shields now but
you know what I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
go back to this store and fix it wait
wait can you make another can you make
another regular jump yeah I can make I
think I can make two more oh no I can
only make one more regular jump oh no I
could I could do here and here yeah
double it up yeah and then and then I
get two so that's pretty nice I'm gonna
fix up my ship a little bit more yes to
make sure they're gonna fix off all
right great let's do this let's do ansel
mama always said buy that fuel by that
fuel yo
now we're jumping here we go one two one
the far bottom right yep our bottom okay
okay absolutely rich absolutely all
right here we go
oh no they're gonna teleport over Ridge
what are we gonna do you okay jack
are you okay yeah oh I don't know you
know you know what Jack what you're
gonna win an FTL that's that's quite
possible I am playing uneasy I would
like I don't mind everyone I know but
still winning is nice and I don't win
terribly off I I still like it
but your weapons are off no they're
coming up or the farmer okay okay
they're coming up whoa after one volley
of my weapons they already want to
surrender and already I'm ready to say
fuck them
what are they I'll just take a look
first of this good fuel no no not good
fuel or scrap okay okay yeah then no and
that may be earth your while they have a
fire on their ship and so I'm just gonna
let that fire play out I'm just gonna
you can be the next you know you can do
it we'll check beam the rock man into
the fire room don't be mirror don't be
in your mantis just being the fire guy
oh that's funny no I know the fire room
is in there med bay and so I'm gonna
wait for them to lose health putting out
the fire and then beam both of them okay
okay rich and Jack how many times have
you won this game and what is in quotes
for some reason Oh No did you lose
somebody what happened what happened
what do you I don't know did you fire
did you fire on a room your guys are in
what happened what happened I need more
feedback than that I can't see hold on
rich I just something happened I know I
need to watch this stream to see what
happened how did this happen
did you lose somebody I lost both of my
bloopers did you beat them over and then
you shot them I turned off auto fire you
didn't turn the weapons off oh my god oh
my I turned it I'm sorry I turned off I
watched it happen that I knew it was
happening the moment you beamed them
over
I object yeah you gotta be you gotta be
careful when you do boarding I gotta be
careful don't I turn I told you you know
what you know what messed and thrust has
to say about that crocodile brain I've
learned no life lesson rich who's we
lost we lost John kilo and we lost lost
even flow but no they weren't cleaner
anyway so you know we lost even flowing
we lost you didn't lose them jack you
murdered them I did murder them okay so
we're at assault on research facility
and they're researching genetic
disorders due to stasis leak check your
weapons good enough I'm not too worried
that sucks
yeah that it's resource you can you can
recover I can you can recover I
absolutely can't it just really sucks
it was I was there I was there I had I
had the super dupe and I lost it
I had the super-dee-duper lost it
oh I feel I feel terrible I'm so sorry
jack what well don't don't about stuff
you don't like do you know lessons of
life I talk about stuff you do like
twats twats that's my favorite part
Oh Jack I need I need to confiscate your
teleporter license yes you've got a
killer death ship from hell
all is not lost no no no it's all lost
for judge kilo and evenflo yeah I know
all is not lost in fact like it's pretty
good I have I have a really good chance
it's it's just it was so much better you
know like we had the super weapons the
super boarding party you know we had
everything rich it'll be fine
it will be I know it will be it's still
you know just things is what is what it
is it stings Oh frak oh gee I got that
flat yo
yeah a lot of water oh yeah
they've already lost their flat cannon
because of my crazy barrage of weapons
oh and their weapons room is on fire ray
so are you are you gonna put your gunner
up on charges for that no it was my
command I gave the commands up here
coming okay shouldn't they have you know
like refused or spoken up or something
you think you know I don't I don't think
they have the sensors if okay so they
can't see that they just they can see
the room they can't see what's in the
room so like our sensor man didn't react
in time but it's not his fault
I sent them over there I gave the order
to fire as the captain it's 100% my
responsibility Jack that's that's big of
you that's very big of you and you know
once once this whole rebel fleet thing
is over uh-huh you'll be put on trial
but you've done you've done well by
stepping up and taking the blame you
will be court-martialed oh yes I will be
the court marshaled and I will be
dishonorably discharged from the
Federation until that moment I will do
my duty okay
so rich yes ng controlled or Rock
controlled thinking thinking
Angi controls green rock is red we have
two more sectors before the final just
control none of them are homeworld
none of them are homeworld take the the
rock one means you have two choices to
pick from next time so I'd go whether to
that reason done good enough for me
captain and the captain Packard is a
crazy motherfucker it's true it's really
really true okay hold on we gotta we're
gonna repair some ship over here repair
some Hall
as I silently mourn for the passing of
John kilo and that other guy is that
what the placard and your ship is gonna
say the non pizza roll who get in there
that's John kilo has been with us for a
while I know I know even flow your
sacrifice has been noted that taints the
whole front Oh trigger EDX one says had
a slight weapons malfunction but
everything's fine now
thank you how are you how are you you
encounter a small craft with minimal
propulsion it's Rock crewmembers
explained that the rock homeworld is run
on lies and propaganda that keep the
populace in check and that they want no
part of it I have with a blue option and
always go with the blue option with
improved sensors I can show them to your
data suite so I do that and the rock
captain is impressed

[Part III]
oh we've lost connection Oh Oh bomb
everybody scream hold on I'll be back on
oh we're back on okay we're back on
everybody it's fine ah just I heard a
little bleep D bloop okay okay and it's
just we OBS stop streaming for a second
but we're back on now everything's fine
everything's fine even even flow closed
twitch all right jack so you got to say
the code word again because I don't
think anybody heard it oh no you
probably didn't know what it was it do
you remember I I do not
okay the first person Pizza roll or not
who says I do not
we'll see we'll see how it works and you
also will sue
I did popped a boy the birthday boy oh
I'm glad that I'm you know what I know I
was keeping it open for everyone but I'm
glad that it was a pizza roll
dick dick of the boy
no actually that sounds weird we don't
want to do that no just dick thanks okay
okay
dick dick is on our new boarding crew
which by the way has worked out great
for every one of our past boarding crew
members so dick the birthday boy is
saying I can't wait for Jack to
accidentally beam me out into space it's
weird that you're you're you don't have
a boarding crew your teleporter seems to
be used a lot
you've never had a boarding crew here is
that what you're saying because that's
weird for me let's see what happens okay
down a ramp down er up I think I want to
go
a few freighters pass by but they refuse
all communications all right and Phillip
Bruno's oh sorry sorry I'm talking of
you in this front that's all right and
Phillip Bruno says that's why I only
volunteer when rich is playing FTL I
don't know if you saw my first run that
night I my first run that might did not
go so well
oh we get the Mantis thing a mantis ship
here is adorned with rock body parts it
would be a gory or display if they had
internal organs oh you know you know
what you know what the deal with the
best blue option is you get at this
event with a rock ship you get the
option to RAM them really really Ram
them rock ship
I'm gonna put my rock crew member on and
now we're gonna fight the fuckers
because they insulted my rock crew
member all right their engine ion blast
their shields burst laser the weapons
and burst laser the piloting
actually let's double burst laser their
weapons until their weapons go in this
because why the fuck not
oh and now they're on fire auto fire off
turning burst laser all right because I
might be able to board them after they
put I'm just saying turn auto fire off
don't forget to turn the weapons off
that's all I begin actually no you can't
I know you can you leave leave the ion
weapons on yeah that's what I'm doing
I'm leaving the ion weapons on and
turning out auto fire back on it
and getting their shield and their clone
because they have a clone day and let's
see their price fucked up enough I'm
gonna I said my rock crew my human crew
member over there just cuz why not have
a boarding party of two and we're gonna
see if we can fuck him up a little bit
take out this guy first he's easy prey
rich unless you beam two crew members
into a metal coffin before obliterating
it you've did better than my first run
everybody kept dying on me they kept
dying in special event every special
event went as bad as it possibly could
they kept targeting my fucking weapons
room second run not a single loss of
life I had to fire people that second
run but we were too full haha I almost
lost another crew member and I did not I
didn't know I didn't okay okay I'm fine
right for now but what I'm deciding here
is that my boarding party isn't up to
snuff and I'd like to destroy them a
little more with other things yeah yeah
rich do you believe in Jack I mean
honestly I
I believe in Jack but I don't believe in
his ability to manage a boarding party
but but I still think he's gonna do just
fine because he has a kick Ashton yes
bad I really do
that being said my my confidence is a
little shaken yeah yeah it's fine it's
fine my confidence is a little shaken
which is clouding my judgement you
decide just to blow them up I did okay
because they had they had a clone Bay
and I wasn't taking out their clone
Bayfest oh yeah yeah Sunday's are the
worst asteroid fields immediately begin
evasive maneuvers when allowed clunk
reverberates through the ship at first
you think the hull has been hit but the
noise came from some rock intruders
teleporting aboard they teleported right
into our teleporter room where our rock
crew member is now fighting them
maybe I am that I am that are you
ironing the piloting section much I'm
ironing the engine um either in their
piloting I okay okay as long as the
piloting gets disabled cuz I ending the
engine sometimes you know and you can
get have like a shitload of slots for
engine power piloting I think it's only
ever three so you can more easily eye on
the piloting but yeah okay
as long as it's getting disabled one way
or the other okay yes and it is so right
now they're piloting is all disabled we
using back up in there
Oh their system suffering the rock ship
attempts to make contact alien vessels
cease your attack we will paid only 29
scrap but for fuel I have 13 fuel so I'm
not necessarily hurting for fuel what do
you think what do you think what do you
think
I was reading the chat what do you offer
it's okay not enough for me I said fuck
these guys huh all right you got a
factor in what you will spend on that
fuel you know
kills you about like three of fuel yeah
so if the off you four that's you know
twelve days it's basically it's like
twelve scrap right right it's like
twelve scrapping right now I have so
much fuel that it's coming out of my
ears oh and we still got three fuel and
a ton more scrap okay s I am definitely
comfortable with that
we might be able to upgrade our shields
now I would love triple shields uh check
the jump first what are you near you
can't do it that's right both anyone
yeah just saying in general shields and
up or down right I'll tell you what I
can see I might be able to there's two
right above me I could probably hit both
of them before the rebels come and then
snake my way up okay um looks like
there's more ship to hit if you go up
there is okay you know what I'm doing
getting dangerously close to the rebel
army right now yeah yeah Wes via gets
it's fine Frank did not work out there
was nothing nothing there it's alright
alright get over it stop bitching
upgrade your ship um Oh slave trader I
can buy one slave and freedom to join my
crew for thirty scrap and he is a good
fighter he's human he's a good fighter
and good on engines I can attack the
slaver scum or use my teleporter to
attempt to board the ship and release
some slaves my teleporter is the
polishing I've never seen that option
before go for it it's the blue option
you got always usable yeah I always take
blue option I've never set some new one
for me
Oh gangbusters you tell what did you get
you teleported away sea monster they're
holed ones have to free their prisoners
they're able to get one person out
before being caught and forced into a
corner by the crew I get assault on
sweet yes oh I probably have to fight
the slavers now but that's okay
I got fucking Zoltan where do I want to
put you engine room engine room yeah
you're always you're always gonna have
engines on that's great
alright so now we're just gonna kind of
blow you guys up it's a waste but it's
all done on the piloting yeah that's
just where you showed up because that's
her okay okay
why yet again piloting skill but he's
got some engine and jeez I mean not ng
zoltan's yeah I like them as engineers I
might actually leave them in there a
little train Oh your guy's stuck on the
ship okay they they just they have a
boarding party so I moved my guy over to
the doors and so now they're going to
they're gonna die the boarding party is
gonna die okay that's fine
they're gonna run out of weapons pretty
soon
our weapons great now we're gonna fuck
with him a little bit dick the birthday
boy says Jack's loading us into the
torpedo tubes to shoot at the enemy ship
and he he says that jokingly but he is a
rock man I imagine he'd make a pretty
decent projectile weapon protip fire
rahman at the enemy ship we surrender
take one of our slaves as tribute Oh see
you get another slave I can get a second
slave it's a human but he has full
fighting power I surrender I get scrap
or some things right but like another
crew members another crew member how
many you have you have full crew right
now I don't think I have full all right
I don't know how many is a full crew I
have seven is that a poker five I think
I get one more Salah you have seven yeah
okay you might be replaceable if you
find like a sultan or a mantis but ya
know so right now I I do not hate humans
an FTL they they actually they level up
on training faster I believe but I
always want at least one human just
because you know I'm a human being I
want to identify with the ship and their
plane so I like I'll just one token
human we we have actually a decent
boarding party now with a rock man and a
human with full fight so I'm you know we
still only kill the human oh we need
today argument we need to name our human
this time it will be a pizza roll only
oh we need to name our Zoltan - we get
to write did you forget the name oh yeah
no then we got him district
yeah we got two guys that's fucking
amazing okay I see it first two Pete's
rules that say oh you're just picking
two of them out
I see Elvis okay okay and valve the
control valve now though
Oh CLIA our Kela CH Oh a I'm doing your
name never mind never mind it's fine
it's all fine I need to be murdered by
Jack you're I'm working on it I'm trying
to figure out how to spill your damn
name Valda Gela Valda chela great Elvis
delvis Valda jela are now part of our
board and crew Elvis Elvis has possibly
the most boring job on the crew cuz not
only is he just like someone who works
in engines it is his job to stand around
and give power okay so he might as well
just be like on a treadmill in the
engine room
well who else is in the engine room um
well Quaid is in there and Quaid is
fully leveled up um you know I mean it
might be worth it just to move Quaid
just you know somewhere else and to let
the the the Zoltan just train up sure
that's a good idea
okay okay Elvis they're asking me what I
what I think of Scientology no no and I
I think it's hysterical Scientology has
hysterical yes and a fraud no no Kevin
that was a comment I said it's a fraud
those me
oh okay that's funny do you wanna I have
a Scientologist story oh really
if you would like it oh ho good loves
the burnt-out hull of a rock mine layer
drifts by behind the wreck drifts alive
mine an automated drone that drills into
the ship hulls before exploding up it
locks onto your ship's signature and
heads your way but I have improved
engines so I use reverse thrusters and
you know you're you're right helicopter
Scientology is also terrifying yes
that's part of the story by the way okay
good it stresses the inertial dampeners
but you reverse course and outrun the
mine you prepare to jump off okay so I
didn't get anything but I didn't lose
anything yeah who would distress signal
plane of dangerous rich I'm playing it
dangerous I wanna let you know that I'm
playing it right now what are you doing
that's dangerous and my next jump might
be a fight with the rebels okay as long
as you don't fight giant spiders I'm
okay with it you find the source of the
distress call a small research station
it appears a small lab retire fire got
out of control and is threatening to
destroy the station but I have a rock
crew member so I can send him in over
the fire all this great you get a free
augments your rock soldier tears through
the airlock directly into the fire
you've never seen someone that large
move that fast it disperses as much fire
suppressant as possible into the heart
of the blaze that's a fine argument Oh
75 scrap god damn and an FTL recharge
booster which I can sell in a store
yeah at this point yeah but I I now have
280 scrap nice and I'm not fighting the
rebels all right
we're gonna one window more location and
I thought my Scientology store
all right you find a slug cruiser and
rock ship and a standoff both with
weapons arm hail them the slug captain
explains that they upgraded the rock
ship reactor and now the thick boulder
heads are refusing to pay for the work
done the rock captain says the slime
balls did a poor job and is not worth
the agreed-upon price do I offered to
pay off the rock debt demand the rock
ship pay the agreed upon price or have
better things to do and leave them alone
I don't know okay because you're loaded
I'm loaded in its eleven scrap and so
it's like here my friend you pay off the
debt the rock captain still seems
annoyed at the slugs getting there
undeserved scrap but at least this
situation will remain peaceful the slugs
offer their thanks for your help and
jump away their true appreciation is
questionable but at least you can get
back to your mission
oh that sucks so I get nothing you you
did a good deed yeah but I guess nothing
you know I guess I should have fought
the rocks what store yeah you still need
this you're you're getting you need
fucking shields at some point I just
want to see what's here that's fine
that's fine yeah I just want it you know
I just want to see if there was like a
retard I got a repair arm repairs my
hull every time you collect scrap that
could be this Zoltan shield bypass which
would be super awesome it only works
it's not for regular weapons that's for
mind control and teleportation oh yeah I
see that but you know what it would
allow my career to teleport for the
final boss what are your options
oh no and I don't need any of it I also
some really awful weapons that I don't
want yeah I'm going to sell both of my
drones okay I don't have drone control
what what drones do you have um I had a
okay okay I'm a bear yeah and I'm going
to fix my ship and buy some fuel and
then we're just gonna upgrade the shit
out of it I'm gonna get Jack I have to
give you credit
Furguson you didn't even didn't even
think about buying that burst laser
three no I'm not our weapons right you
are so good I'm not concerned with any
other weapons you are no lion brain my
friend am i crocodile crocodile good I'm
good I I don't know I think I want to I
got it I have three shields now I think
I want to fully upgrade my teleporters
okay and then and then that'll be it
and for bi C says I didn't even know
there was a burst laser 3 yes there is
and it's fucking awful it costs way too
many points it's around it's overpriced
it takes for power to run and it shoots
less lasers than to burst oohs yeah so
for the same amount of power
you're firing one less shot and the
charge time is like nearly twice as long
sure well it's its piece of crap
supposedly the balance is that you're
not taking up two weapon slots but it
takes so much to run the damn thing yeah
I'd have any other weapons yeah yeah
okay I'm gonna hit one more section and
I'm going to be exit because you can
okay
can you hit the the exits and then the
other section and then back oh then you
get then you get two more we will see
hold on I gotta find a pirate I gotta
find a pirate these fuckers can't even
hit me with their weapons that's this is
FTL talk going on on the chat I need to
chime in I need to mark mark soufeel
said that's why you buy two verse threes
no marsupial obviously ten shots let's
say like say hypothetically because this
did happen to me once for burst twos and
it's rare but it's happened to me that
gives you 12 shots twice as almost twice
as fast
no he's joking yeah double double burst
twos and some ion weapons is better than
burst three and anything else absolutely
that was clearly a joke I I don't know I
don't know
my laser weapons are turned off I just
sent my boarding party over and my laser
are turned off my eye okay so going but
my lasers are turned off
it's just fun so what's what's what's
what's up with Scientology when we went
to Hollywood to film high five
Hollywood you know what we were trying
to film is like stereotypical you know
Hollywood stuff right so we got the
Hollywood sign we got the the Mann's
Chinese Theater right all the all the
normal like Hollywood stuff that rock
man is gonna kill my guy so we gotta
take it back at he'll we're gonna play
it safe we're gonna play it cool and so
it's just like all the typical Hollywood
stuff Walk of Fame Mann's Chinese
Theater all that fun jungle right and
what's more la than the Scientology
Center you know like that's the thing
that's the thing that happens in LA and
Scientology is big there yeah and so
it's just it's it's it's something that
we want to do we wanted to film in front
of the Scientology's that you might want
to power that met day I did okay okay
but thank you sorry no no problem so we
we find you know like off of one of the
main strips is the sign or the
Scientology Center
because it'll be fine and you know how
the high-five montage is every shot is
12 seconds and especially when it's just
two guys it takes 12 seconds right so
we've done a decent shot that says you
know Scientology center ice
would they patched up some my home it's
great and we get the shot and it's super
easy and to kind of avoid suspicion we
parked around the corner from the
Scientology Center you know just so they
wouldn't see us like pull up park and
then get out and shoot cameras like we
didn't want them to think we were you
know filming them well you know they
have a reputation right yeah for being
con men and and for for having some
strong aren't as strong armed the
tactics when a couple people filming
them yeah so we get our shot and we head
back to the car and maybe a minute and a
half has passed right we got a like
since we filmed we get to the
Scientology Center we film and we walk
back to the car and in that time
including filming and walking back to
the car it's maybe a minute and a half
right yeah we get back to the car and
just as we're putting the camera in the
backseat three guys on bicycles show up
going hey what's going on over here and
like they're they're all dressed in very
similar suits and they all have like the
same bicycle it's like what are you guys
doing and we're like oh we're making it
a comedy and they're like surrounding us
a little bit being very intimidating and
it's just like were you guys um were you
guys shooting out front and shooting a
video what were you making what's going
on and just all of a sudden it got very
real yeah and and did you just use well
that's done by that point right we were
done the camera was in the car
Bobby Turton was already in the car and
so like as we're explaining it to them
Jake and I both are like kind of
explaining and walking and yeah just in
the car and we book it and the men and
the bicycle chased us we're in a color
and their bicycles they were trying to
get his like license plate information
uh-huh and it was the scariest thing in
the world and then you know like we're
in Hollywood for the next couple days
and just fearing for our lives because
of the scary Scientologists that's a
real that's a real story men chasing us
on bicycles yeah okay I can't do the
exit or can i I can't see is it cuz you
know there's the white line right and
then there's the red line if it's within
the red line I can still hit it right
can you get there from that top salon
the tops one I can you should have gone
to the exit first and then to the one
under him is what you should have done
oh sure exit and then the one under it
yeah II should have done but I can't do
that there's the one that was the one
right next you go down to the exit or no
this one the one directly to the right
yeah that one does go to right right to
the exit but I think I can hit this exit
and it won't be a rebel no it's glowing
it already is is it yeah
cuz it's glowing like that you can't
it's already it's already for sure okay
so I can hit this one and then the exit
and then go down yeah but no matter what
you're gonna find the rebel side the
exit okay
no matter what so you may as well hit
that one more jump I'm with it I am
oh no it's a rock crew it's a rock crew
and they have mostly beam based weapons
what am I gonna do finally upgrade of
that shield oh good good good there are
three rock memories which I'm not too
excited about fighting them you don't
have to you just blow them up you can
also what are you folks focus your fire
on rooms they're in and that will weaken
them
yeah hit hit them with burst lasers good
I took down at one with burst lasers
that's great now what I could probably
do is try to do the oxygen trick and
weaken them we try that you want to what
kind of weapons are they using what
weapons their weapons are down already
is it a multi shop yeah is it a multi
shop
they have a multi shot laser and two
beam weapons so they can't even they
cannot even get me even if they get
their weapons don't I know but don't
under it if they did get those weapons
up I wouldn't underestimate that a
halberd juror nest you used to beam
weapons being weak Jack but that Halbert
I know you don't fuck around with that I
will try not to fuck around with that
just keep an eye on those weapons if if
they do it happen to get those back up
and running okay yeah they might be I'm
gonna charge up my lasers
man might take too long because there's
some of their shields are being yeah
yeah we'll see we'll see we're gonna
play this play we're gonna see if we can
if we're gonna fuck around with all my
burst laser
my burst lasers are fully charged so at
any point I can just fuck their day Oh
somebody's fearful fearful slug boy
saying and I find this interesting night
I haven't heard this before it's
actually better to fight the rebels on a
blip that has already been taken not one
that is about to be taken because there
is less chance of the fleet firing on
you that way oh that's that's very
interesting I did not know that
alright they're they're offering
surrender five fuel twenty-nine scraps
six missiles but they were kind of being
jerks
well the missiles do you no good you
need fuel you're starting to run low on
fuel
you got five fuel here in 29s grab them
take the school take it take the fuel
yeah thirteen you got us another sector
to go through ok I took it ok I took it
I'm down with that
I kind of want to because we're doing
our teleportation I'd kind of want to
upgrade my med bay heal them quicker
just out of curiosity what what sectors
are next I don't know uh yes yeah we
gotta get to there through the ok yeah
ok do what do what you will
I did I did do what I will alright if
just I mean it's just in the the off
hands chance that one of the two sectors
is the mantas homeworld I think that
their ship quest in order to win that
quest I think you need a full health
babe a full of fully leveled med Bajor
ok
Bannen yes whatever but you know
whatever dick the birthday boy why are
you giving jack shit when you are one of
the boarding crew does he says Jack the
enemy ship is about to blow up
don't you think you should be me your
entire crew over and you know he does
that you're going is that what you want
take the birthday boy is that what you
really want cuz we could take you out of
this crew the hard way you keep all
right and somebody keeps asking me about
Final Crisis haven't read it haven't
read it there you go
I bet oh yeah and Merida Gavin would
stir and half a decade
did you do waiting to kill some guys
they jumped ship because their pose is
what oh the borders okay they boarded my
ship and then they left because I killed
him I left because they didn't want to
die well it's too bad they teleported
onto their ship that I was blowing up
all right we got Rock controlled or
pirate controlled interesting no
homeworlds yeah not a single one so run
yeah alright what do you think pirates I
think yeah if we go pirates there's a
better chance of like giving us stuff
yeah alright let's do that pirates
pirates controlled
it's a dangerous sector dangerous to go
alone that's a reference so I got ready
let's just get through this fucking game
Jack I know
oh that's always tempting the sector
they started me off in has two points
that don't go anywhere it's just two
points then I'd have to yeah go back to
my current location yeah it's not worth
it but it's over no no it's not it is
breezy I think it is because like what
if what if somewhere in the games in the
game code they're like these two don't
go anywhere but you get some really
awesome shit that's the dumbest thing
I've ever heard
yeah this is your last this is your last
sector 2 and earn a ton of scrap Jack I
know I'm working on it
I'm working on it take down their
weapons beam over they do have a med bay
so I'll have to make sure I take on the
med bay lasers both lasers are off by
the way Oh what what did damage to your
engine without taking off points from
your hole that's okay okay but that's
okay because we got we got Elvis down
the sticks and stuff my crew back oh
yeah he's on death's door I got it all
right and we have we have a good medbay
now
a good medbay so they're gonna heal
really fast and just head right back in
there get back in there you guys can do
this I believe in you remember to pause
the game rich yep
a tech Jansen a s7 thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
alright here we go here we go here we go
didn't do a thing
Tech Jensen a s7 thank you for
subscribing
I didn't notice I was reading things I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry it's fine but
I already did it
well deal with it Jack I'm sorry that
you they are a subscriber means so
little to you that you'd be upset they
got thanked twice I'm sorry to hear that
not accept sir okay great I did it first
lasers are off both lasers are off find
it I find it interesting you've got this
kick-ass death ship you're going with
this boarding thing which is not bad you
know you do get more scrap it just it's
just almost almost a waste it is it is
but you know I also have a decent
boarding party and I have fully upgraded
teleporters and so it's like he didn't
die he didn't die it was fine that's the
thing you know scrap is more important
than yeah yeah I do if I was doing I do
you know what maybe one day we can do an
FTL speed run I'm good I I did that on
my first run for a straight Jack if
you'll recall yeah fastest run ever you
know you know it would be funny so when
I first started playing FTL obviously I
loved it and I was having a really good
time but I was not doing very well and I
was really frustrated at how poorly I
was doing and I was talking to rich
about it and he was giving me some
strategies and I realized that for my
first several playthroughs of the game I
didn't pause it this game you can pause
and make all the little you know what
the fuck gee thank you Jesus Christ for
subscribing so so I was playing this
game without pausing it which makes it
significantly more difficult so maybe
that would be a fun run is a non pausing
people do that people do that thing for
you um me maybe maybe maybe
all right pirates they're on my position
a vandal we cast crew all right we got
this you you have a ship that can that
can annihilate a cloning thing ya know
and I'm gonna kill one of their people
because they also have a teleporter and
then they're dumb enough to teleport
over all right heavy ion ion blasts here
first laser here here wow these people
just want you to fire all weapons
repeatedly yeah I know I know you're
doing where the smart thing once again
you know lion brain not not crocodile
brain right so I'm trying I'm trying for
Lion Brand
I started a fire that's fun started a
fire in their clone Bay my lasers are
turned off double fire and where's that
the hell
look clone Bay or is that the weapons
room or you can beam just the rock guy
over I already beamed him over to the
weapons to kill the other guy so now oh
they're already in all right all right
just be careful that Fire doesn't
destroy the ship while you're in it I
think it's got enough cells that's why I
waited I waited for them to put out in
the fire okay nice that was an excellent
scrap all I waited for them to put out
the fire which of course would hurt them
in the process and then I just come up
in like eh you wanted to fix that fuck
you came really close to losing Valda
gel okay let's play loose play dangerous
their lives mean nothing to you for
something I mean pretty much pretty much
the mission rich the mission is what's
important all right here we go moving on
moving on
I almost ended up in a situation once
where I I had to sacrifice a crew guy to
take out the mothership it's like I
think my weapons were completely
disabled and the room was vented of
oxygen and I couldn't get back in there
without without the people suffocating
before they fixed the you know the home
but I did have a teleporter and you can
just beam a guy on the the final boss
ship and their crew was dead except that
guy in the locked room to the top they
can't get out yeah destroy systems one
by one till blows up and I had to pull
up pull up alone you know a command
decision there had sacrifice'
a grunts oh and I'm sure like calling
him a grunt I'm sure he really
appreciates that I did that take out all
that took out all my fucking shields
this is a month I'm at that like I on
moon oh yeah no I don't I and so I just
blow them up don't fuck around all them
up absolutely absolutely
teleporters would be useless because I
could always get stuck over there oh
fuck
of course like the ion wave just took
out all of my weapons and all of my
shields okay that's okay
I got all their weapons too so it's fine
oh oh they miss twice thank God for
those upgraded engines right come on
like the the only thing they're leaving
me with is my teleporters
destroy destroy come on
Oh we go thank you thank you for
destroying oh you got nothing
they're trying to escape Oh Oh what am I
gonna do I guess I blow up their ship
unless I guess I under damn that could
happen your weapons I got them I got
them and they got nothing I'm getting
out of here
did you get anything good from them and
this crap I also have right now I have a
ton of crap since there's another store
yeah it might be worth it to get like
full hacking or something fucking nuts
sorry okay
have you played around with hacking a
little bit I like it you got level three
shields is what you got why are you
sitting on 320 scrap cuz you know you're
better off with three shields and a
fully leveled hacking shields are
overrated
compared to engines I agree engines
engines dodge any type of projectiles
shields missiles go right through that
that mother ships got that annoying
fucking triple missile launcher that
will fuck your day absolutely
for shields yeah full engines are a
better defense to that than for shields
which is no defense to that an
especially well armed pirate ship
approaches you hand over one of your
crew members and the rest of you can go
free unharmed obviously I'm gonna fight
them the weird blue option here though
is because I have no engines I can
outrun them that sounds like a terrible
idea I know I'm obviously going to fight
them but it's - I've never seen the
attempt to outrun the slavery so Jimmy
go ahead Jimmy Jim says why not both
engines and shields because it's very
difficult to keep everything powered at
that point because you still need to run
your weapons
and you know you know you can't have
full weapons and full shields and full
engine especially not if you have extra
shit like hacking and drones but in this
case I'm very lucky I have two zoltan's
and so I've got extra power but you only
get a limited number of power slots yeah
hold on we will never surrender to
slaver scum you bitches what are you
gonna do teleport over here right into
my teleport Bay where my guys are
already fighting you because you're
bitches yeah that's a dumb idea and
their weapons are already down and on
fire rich Evans their weapons are on
fire CI aren't those dual verse 2's
great isn't it just the best someone in
chat reminded me I was doing some wrong
things with my burst lasers I was just
turning them off when I got untargeted
them that's what I should I ain't know
you can do that but I didn't want to
risk you still accidentally blowing up
crew members I just figure safer better
than sorry here's the thing yeah that's
true I saw that I saw that
kind of wanna I want to go over there
and try to get the most scrap or do I
just want to fuck their day that's the
question
um what kind of soldiers think I'm they
have a man to stay for Rock both have
pretty low health right now oh no they
have you know it's like never mind fuck
their day they have a call back just
take out the Palm Bay and beam into the
clone Bay even straight into the clone
base so they can't repair it afterwards
to say it's too late
oh okay take one of our slaves as
tribute and it's just another guy it's
just another dude give it yeah he has
more he has one level of repair but I
just do
okay so fuck yeah and they're dead
ooh damn 80 floods 85 scrap bridge yeah
yeah you're on this is the right before
the end yeah you're getting the same
amounts of scrap here yeah no right now
I have 413 scrap I don't even I don't
even know what to do with this it's all
excess goes into the slush fund i Hughes
I'm gonna be a big jerk and I'm going to
not go to the distress signal why
because there's a better path downward
Oh
okay can you get to the nebula from
there right because I want to go yeah I
can I can go I can go okay - yeah that's
that's fair reasoning I can hit more
spots and that's what it's all about
getting that scrappy oh oh my god first
two jumps are no first two jumps are a
waste of jumps and pirates once you
arrive your screens light up with
warnings a nearby pirate seems to have
advanced hacking tools and they've tried
to shut down your engines your crew
manages to keep them barely operational
as you move in to attack they've shut
down my engines rich what am I going to
do let's shit on lo the shit out of them
that's the correct answer
fart fart fart IRS's even if you aren't
going to power for shields it's still
worth getting the system upgraded
because the unused two points will take
damage before the powered portions do
that's very good
that is a good point it's still it's
still an expensive upgrade and the
reason we were holding on to the money
is cuz we might find some great shit at
a store cuz you know that money would
still probably be better off going to
fully upgrading like let's say you find
a job drone control and like
combat drone 2 and a defense drone - and
you might want to invest a lot of money
into that instead yeah yeah no
there-there's there's better
I think there's better things to spend
money on absolutely but I mean if we
don't find a store yeah sure we're gonna
dump that the shields and the engines or
whatever
absolutely yeah yeah okay not gonna make
it that's fine that's fine everything's
fine they're doing fine rich don't you
worry about it you worry about them
engine of our ions active here
I so there they had a clone vein yeah oh
no you didn't take it out did you I did
take it out and then I went in there to
fight and then someone came in to repair
it and so I just shot three really quick
missiles at it okay
how many dead did you lose a guy no no I
killed one of their guys in the process
but now okay
oh you repaired their clone Bay a little
bit wait quick question if my guys
destroy a room how many hull points do
they lose one yeah yep okay we can deal
with that perfect if you are correct by
the way okay because if they lost three
then my guys would have died but but
they did lose one and we win and we got
a bunch of scraps well we're good is
there an achievement if you get if you
collect over 500 scrap I don't know I
don't paid much attention to that stuff
honestly you don't you don't get it you
don't have it on Steam so you don't do
acumen even the even the in-game FTL
achievements they're just kind of like
glaze over them I don't yeah whatever
sure all right that's fine that is fine
okay great great
we're doing great where can we go from
here I mean I'm in it for the ships to
the ship layouts Jack yeah that's what
I'm for yeah pure essence of game Jack
not shit that is the essence of game oh
just intruders on board
this one intruder that true oh oh no
there's more okay there's white
we're gonna kill this guy first then
we're gonna kill these guys these guys
they're great no it's fine
we got our fighters dick the birthday
boy is gonna be levelled up soon in his
fighting skills nice nice yeah then
maybe he'll shut up about you blowing
him up no way he's talking about it
though
oh he's worried just goading you to do
it yeah that sounds exactly like dick
the birthday boy that's so addictive
birthday boy oh my god you're by the way
I just read someone's comment that it's
almost 3:00 a.m. as this long as they
have been streaming no first of all the
answer is no second of all I had it's
it's quarter to 2:00 a.m. yeah I had no
concept of that that's your your you're
in the zone I'm in the gaming zone yeah
it's gonna be rough day tomorrow and
that's fine that's worth it we're
playing a good game of FTL I I have to
go pick up my copy of Metal Slug that I
traded in alien isolation for yeah yeah
that's good that's a rough day
hired bomber all right what do we got
here they do have I got some shit all
right so we heavy ion the shield the ion
blast the piloting we first laser their
weapons wash rinse repeat we gotta get
past this so first you got I answer so
yeah we're past it already they did oh
oh shit oh shit detail son shut what's
shit shit whoo shit what they have a
Halbert beam drone that is bypassing my
shields and they have any missiles my
weapons that's ok that's ok I'm moving
several men into my weapons Bay to
repair oh yeah you lost the burst lasers
oh my yeah probably should have had
those further back yeah you're gonna be
arraigned Walt yeah
I'm just gonna we're losing everything
we're losing everything for the person
saying trade-in on a PCI I played the
ps4 version Jack played the PC version
yeah just flee yeah if you're that fuck
well you get you get what ten free whole
point ten when you're less than that day
yeah okay
sleep fleet gather there you go go to
this other one first there's another
there's another one right before the
store so I could hit another one store
and then an exit no store so you can fix
up all the damage that's just been done
to your ship all right all right I was
trying to be greedy and let everybody
heal oh yeah are you get you get you get
ten free whole points when you get to
the last sector so I wouldn't worry
about fixing the hole right now we're
gonna we're gonna have everyone repair
the weapons good everybody going heal
that was scary that was a scary battle
and everybody go back to your spots oh
oh that's right I moved your spot just
go to the damn store and end this
madness oh no my money madness oh maybe
they're talking about that I'm thinking
you know if you want to stop watching
the stream you can leave at any time
no I think I think like they see all
that scrapping it's behind a hole in
their pocket I know it is I know it is
it is up until that last fight we didn't
need it no now but now here's the thing
now we get some oh no wait don't leave
yet don't leave yet
what was that the store cuz I didn't
even see I didn't see it oh oh you're
just worried on yeah okay okay that's
tough we got drone control we got a
clone BAE we got mind control yeah we
got a fire bomb a Pegasus missile and a
heavy laser so much of the man bunch of
man with our drone control we have a
couple drone options of fire anti-ship
fire drone a whole repair drone again
which could be really nice
Oh hope Aaron yeah or I could just spend
all that money on upgrading the shit out
of everything let's let's let's see
what's left over let's start upgrading
okay oh wait do you have anything to
sell I could just for the sake of
argument I could sell the scrap recovery
arm because I won't really need that
anymore and I guess I was I I would do
that I could actually I could sell kind
of an everything I have a scrap recovery
arm and an advanced FTL navigation
and I don't need a advanced FTL
navigation anymore right scrap recovery
arm I also have an effort oh wait no the
navigation that's one that lets you go
back to old points right yeah keep that
that actually can be useful if you like
go pass to repair sure okay what a
station what about the recharge booster
probably don't need that anymore
no no twenty-five scrap there's all
saying yeah yeah yeah okay okay I'm
selling it and keep the navigation for
an okay but it's something so right now
I have five hundred and thirty eight
grand okay so where do we want to start
here obviously I'm just gonna buy all
the Power Bars I can we're gonna use
them all engines and shields to it so I
have full engines I could get full
shields to
and if the question is how do you feel
about that drone control that's the
question I don't I don't care about the
drum control okay then yeah full engines
full shells and just for shits and
giggles I'm going to buy an extra thing
for my oxygen because if door huh yeah
yeah extra door extra oxygen and I can't
do that I have to choose oh you don't
have enough scrap I have oh I have to
yeah yes I have two doors already and a
man on door yeah that's you know it
doesn't matter once once the once that
fucking boarding drone fuck's your day
you're gonna be glad you had doors okay
I got doors and Cuddy all right great
how much of this can you run at the same
time with that power are you good I can
have all weapons three shields full
engines right now I have everything
running I cook up for acceptor to shield
slots and so if I wanted I could take
two away from teleporting take it from
your med bay or two for med bay right
and put that into shield yeah no point
in having the Med Bay running if you're
not using it right right so we are so
fucking good oh I can I can hit this
extra spot and then the exit yeah you're
sitting you're sitting pretty good I'm
feeling I'm feeling fairly happy and
then and then with the scrap from this
next one then you probably can't upgrade
the oxygen yeah but it's not it's
someone wants to trade they want me to
give them three missiles for Tim with
drone controls I'm gonna ignore him just
cuz I don't care okay well you know you
could have held mahtim doesn't matter
you one way or the other but if you
wanna be a dick I do I do want okay
then be a dick be a dick I don't care I
don't care oh my god
as soon as I arrived at the oh my god
rich
as soon as you arrive small mantas ship
detaches from the rack and jumps way you
must have interrupted their salvage
operation because you find a weapon
ready to be installed one isn't a pike
beam okay and 35 scrap ok first thing
I'm gonna do is uh upgrade my oxygen a
Pike beam let's see what that does and
cut across entire ships assuming there's
no shield to stop it yeah I'd rather
have the two ions and the burst lasers
I'm with you I am with you so let's do
that
hey you're rockin that combo alright
here we go
last stand well I got an achievement
apparently eight hello
hello fuel let's go do this
let's go do this rich okay
it's time
it's all right everybody here we go here
we go here we go here we go here we go
now oh they have anti-personnel drawn
I'm just gonna fuck their day you say
that every time I'm gonna fuck their day
go fuck their day I'm going to attempt
oh look I fucked their day and I said it
like I still get more scrap from the use
if I if I go with with a boarding party
yeah but do you need it for anything to
burst laser twos
I know I know oh my god my hand they're
offering surrender my favorite combo of
the game Jang yeah you're gonna kill
them aren't I'm gonna kill them rich
nice fully I fully support your decision
to murder these people they're Joe's guy
Joe's guy he just subscribed because we
murdered the rebel scum thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
oh my god like I have this scrap I just
wanna I want to upgrade something right
there's a base what do you what do you
get at a base um I know you used to get
a little bit of healing but I think they
replace that replace that with the
repair sectors I'm not sure the base is
for their big guys going right yeah I
think so yeah
what can you can you upgrade free combs
or anything you can just pointlessly
upgrade even though you're at full like
they might let you might find another
store actually yeah I was wondering what
a base was like if a base was a don't I
don't believe it is okay and then we
wait it's true it's true love in this
deck I I'm this is a good run and it's
like not only is it a good run but it's
a good run while people are watching and
so that's that's extra nice oh I say
that and then they hit me with their
fucking missiles it's okay I think I
think the chat is right some upgraded
pilot would be nice and would read pilot
yeah your your auto if you get hit in
the pilot in there in the cockpit it
helps sure okay you're right
once once your once your cockpits down
you your your evasion is zero sure
that's true that's true and you don't
need to worry about powering it so you
take the damage notice you if you flee
will you be able to get to a repair
station boo there's a store and a base
storm Sora
so you promise yeah yeah store you can
you can you can fix yourself there
okay although we got we have fires to
put out yeah I see
and that was that was rough it's all
right it's all right
they could fix it up fix up that maybe
fix up that hole oh yeah I'll fix it up
I'm just gonna get my ship in shipshape
first chats bringing up another good
point you can also sell that pipe beam
don't forget about that who else got hit
everybody's spot now Rico you head to
the Med Bay everybody get healed we got
time to get healed this will pump an
extra slot into the med bay absolutely I
did I did it you don't even know it but
I did it okay I let's see what this
store has to offer for now now that
we're all good
okay so first thing we're gonna do we're
gonna sell that Pike beam at about a
hundred scrap to deal with here and
nothing good small bomb Pegasus missile
and a pipe beam and just fix all really
and some crew members but that's not
really helpful at this point yeah it was
a mouthful so fix all move on yeah okay
upgrade up upgrade your your autopilot
oh that's right I do know I can only
upgrade them once but that's fine
Auto 50 evasion if I lose my pilot all
right here we go
first battle with the mother is
happening now auto fire is on
motherfucker that motherfucker rich
clothes the clothes right away like the
motherfucker that he is oh my god that
dick he hacked my teleport ooh oh that
insufferable dick
okay hold on gotta make some calls here
got to make some judgment calls here so
first thing we're gonna bring a
concentrate our burst lasers on that
dumb cloaking we're gonna constant
concentrate your fire on that missile
launcher yeah that's the most of you
can't teleport in there the most
important thing is taking that down
you're absolutely the most important
thing you're absolutely right and you
can always flee and come back and hope
you target something else once your
engines are charged with that with that
hacking that fucking hacking yeah okay
yeah
you got good evasion you got a good
pilot yeah no and I'm like so the
hacking is I could I could teleport my
guys now if I want it to do it I mean
but so do I do what as soon as you can
and they'll just teleport back if once
the hacking starts but I'm gonna tell
any any progress you yeah I don't
teleport them to a different room
because my boy huh why cuz my birthday
no no okay I forgot it I could take my
burst lasers off okay hold on hold on
target target target like the shields
instead and then for one thing that
other guy there that you got bigger your
highlighted right now directly to the
left of the missile launcher don't kill
that guy this guy yeah that yeah okay
the guy the guy that's the guy that's in
the weapons room to the left of the
missile launchers yeah it looked like
yes 11 just love to the shields the next
the next weapon to the left okay he's
got to stay alive or otherwise you'll be
dealing with a AI ship oh that's right
that's right
okay that's self repairs okay oh yes
target their cloaking Rana Rana Ridge
we're on it okay okay okay we're
fighting we're fighting and what
happened oh right you won't believe this
bullshit right away when they the hack
the teleporter
it means them back yeah it beams them
attack once once sheet once it's cooled
down again you can try again you may as
well retarget the missile launcher
absolutely
oh my god yeah bullshit that's okay I
thought that might happen that's okay
that's okay calm down calm down
you have you have two options oh I got
the missiles I got the message that's
fine they're taken out yeah okay okay so
now don't worry about now we're gonna
concentrate fire on something else I'm
not worried about it anymore but that
was still bullshit piloting and shields
yes I'm actually gonna move what an
extra guy over to shields just to help
repair but I mean what you target oh
sure sure
okay I'm with it I know that cloaks
annoying but it is no I just wanted to
take down another weapon because it was
annoying so I took down another weapon
okay okay fine we're good we're gonna
stay golden boy boy big old
everything's fine I've very little
damage they can't hit me for nothing
you can't hit me for nothing both of my
guys are back here it's stupid fucking
hacking I hate it oh rich this first one
is done like dinner good good
it's not me it's not done yet but it
will be I say that okay and it's
probably gonna fuck me saying that but
we got this we got this
this next volley oh fuck come on one
more one more they have one hull point
and because oxygen can't get into that
room that that missile room has been on
fire this whole time that's fine that's
fine
oh yeah I just thought it was amusing
okay we lost more fire in that room the
better off you are we lost two hull
points and that that's one that's very
good that's very fine I accept then I
can only imagine how much better I would
have done yeah I do
it's true I only say you son of a bitch
because it's true you would have done
the significance now that's that's
pretty good that's pretty good the
dodging and whatnot you have very little
control over that yeah full full engines
and full shields so it's pretty
bare-bones shit but it's still effective
I like it I like it
no not that fancy shit thrown hacking
mic no no fuck you
we're just going full weapons full
shields and full engines absolutely hi
we're here at the base round two
I'm gonna fuckin oh no they have no hat
oh great
oh great great great you know there's
nobody in there fuckin missile room so
I'm going to send my guys over there
right away yeah guys are over good and
then we let's see here then we heavy
ions their shields VI on high no what do
you want to know uh well this this
second phase you get the fucking
boarding drums so concentrate as long as
your teleport crews taking out the
missiles I concentrate fire on the drone
control okay I'm on it okay oh fuck
I got oh I got an achievement for
something I don't know what it said
astronomically low odds that was my
achievement oh that's that's when you
get hit like five times in a row with
full engines I think Oh
oh shit what is that what you're gonna
have to be more specific than that
that's that's their boarding drone
oh no they're boarding drone is already
here
make sure your pilot doesn't die yeah
and I've destroyed the boarding drop
that's great oh sorry you guys my
boarding party has just been sitting
over there with their thumbs up their
asses very sorry it's okay okay pull
them back pull them back I got it I got
it back I got him back
oh fuck get out of there watch your
pilot I am on pilots pilots already in
the Med Bay other guys already in the
Med Bay okay um you're holding you're
holding I'm holding I'm just gonna take
a moment and assess the situation
okay okay it looks like they've given up
on repairing their drones and so I'm
going to concentrate my fire piloting is
always a good thing
all right yeah doesn't matter
oh yeah man in piloting or engine I
guess sure sure they're both they're
both fine options Jack no I thought I'd
double one of them I don't know that I'd
yeah no we gotta fix my piloting area I
know I know just in shambles
all right and we meet him fantastic
everybody heal up nobody's died yet one
more round round you got a jet got it
oh fuck got it oh we so have it and
you're absolutely right like there's
just nothing fancy about this ship it's
like give me the biggest gun and the
biggest shield you have you don't even
have the biggest gun you've just got
really efficient guys really fucking
efficient guns yes a couple of simple
ion weapons nothing too fancy you don't
have the burst - you don't have the
chain ion and you know burst lasers just
really good but you don't have like the
fucking Vulcan cannon or the glaive you
just got good basic high-quality weapons
all right here it is
last one last ship front we got this I
could have stopped at a store I decided
not you can you well what up because I
already pressed the button and then as I
was pressing the button I see that I
could go to the store so yeah because
you know you know why rich because I
don't pay attention okay okay you could
have you know upgraded that that that
autopilot the full absolute okay
absolutely I'd say still think you've
got it let's say that I do
cuz that's better for me
alright okay here we go gotta get
through that zoltan shield
we got fuckers shields and piloting and
the second that shield is done you're
beaming over absolutely we're gonna cut
through their lasers right now they have
mind control their mind controlling my
boarding party which means it oh really
oh that's your fucking each other yeah
that's not good no you can beam anybody
over there though because it's not like
they're gonna have to fight someone yeah
no I know I know I'm just waiting for
this fucker to get done with his
mind-control fuck just make sure they
don't just make sure they don't die you
might have to run somebody to the Med
Bay before yeah no and I can't run them
to the Med Bay yet because now there's
fighting in the weapons room oh shit
there's they have super boarding that
everyone is boarding yeah I know that's
final face everybody that's life boards
over but once they're dead they can't
make repairs Jesus am I wrong this is so
close this this face starts off really
hard and actually gets easier right
just take concentrate all fire on the
missile launcher Suns beaming over is no
longer an option
oh yeah no I'm just I'm wondering if I
can get my rock man out of there without
him dying
he's close to death can you target one
guy alone over to the missile it's
better than nothing I do what can you
teleport the one guy over to them no
this is launched with the mind control
guys still fucking okay I can't teleport
anyone okay you know what there's a plan
wait wait wait listen listen listen
wait wait listen wait wait listen wait
wait wait okay go ahead you jerk
what okay you could still jump you still
have pause it pause it
it's fine you still okay it's prime on
the plate remember like you have time to
jump over to that store heal and regroup
I do but here's the thing yeah I have if
you notice my burst lasers are about to
fire again they have one guy left on my
ship and so I'm about to take over I'm
about to destroy their missiles I
believe they have full shields you're
not getting at this you're not getting
at that missile launcher yeah I think
once the crew are dead they're still
dead too they'll just remain dead I
pretty sure if you want to you want to
wait it out okay okay but you got guys
yeah I guess you're fixing all right the
weapons are being fixed let me let me
see what happens after this volley all
right all right I'm gonna heal up my
rock man and we're gonna see what
happens after this valley yeah I have
the eye one more volley and their
missiles will be down okay they just
fired all their missiles so I could jump
away those missiles have a ridiculous
amount of power they and they just fired
them all so I might jump away alright
alright well if I jump away that will
they not hit me
No then I'm gonna hopefully that's check
before you jump make sure that store
hasn't been overtaken the store has been
overtaken
it has don't jump I'm gonna have to
fight this off okay let me that's some
terrible walk there
yes all right let me plan this out here
let me plan this out here don't jump at
all just continue on with the fight
otherwise the whatever you have done to
them as a waste right I am with you hold
on we got a fuck people might die jack
one person died okay do you have any you
know there's there's slubby humans who
aren't doing much yeah send them over to
the missile launcher right now doesn't
have to be a rock I just send anybody
over to that missile launcher I don't I
don't care if they're half dead what's
more important to me right now is
getting rid of these people in my
fucking ship oh fuck over there who's
dying I think almost dead huh I think
almost dead alright those guys that are
the Border's one of them Oh No okay the
borders are dead then send somebody over
that missile launcher immediately if you
want to win this game - preferably I'm
my burst lasers are almost ready to go
he's counting on the first lasers to get
through those four shields and that high
evasion to the missile launchers that
have about seven health alright hold on
I can get I can get my can get one I can
get one person over there now or one now
that's better than nothing or what okay
no or well pretty your options 20
Russians wait we're paused there's no
rush there is always a rush oh fuck oh
fuck oh fuck I'm gonna lose another
person nope Jesus Christ that was your
borders are dead right well all the
borders are dead
well it's your doors there was a fire
that's why they are open yeah well
there's no fire now and your guys get a
suffocate yeah
I know that's not why he's gonna
suffocate there's also hole in weapons
Elvis - Elvis is close to death who's
dying now alright you need to heal that
hole in the weapons babe that guy in
engineering was not doing anything is he
was mind control he's mind control okay
okay wait wait I'm moving I have to move
my weapons guy into the med bay so they
can get healed we're gonna give med bay
another heal point here I want to move I
want to move my Zoltan in there but it's
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck okay your
heals enough go fix that fucking thing
so my Zoltan can get healed
choo choo choo choo choo okay good ty
didn't get the rock I don't care if the
rock guys at half health
that's fine half the rock guy fix them
weapons hold yeah no we're already on it
we're already Anna nope rock guy is
gonna go put out a fire okay okay okay
Zoltan that weapons holds your biggest
problem right now happens hole is fixed
all right all right
weapons holes fix raka is gonna put out
a fire okay good
kill that he'll dead Zoltan Zoltan is in
the med bay helping put out a fire and
getting healed weapons person is now
gonna go get healed why did you leave
both on you fuck in there I still firing
on that chip I am oh good eye fire us
red deer medbay
you haven't seen it ah fire has spread
to your med bay if you haven't seen it I
have oh this is insanity yes your you
might want to beam back that guy from
the eye yes mister that's it
he's already beamed back they have no
weapons oh this is gonna be close rich
you got it you got it you got it
nobody ever said it would be easy I got
it but this is close this is way too
close Rach I take out the fires in the
med bay you wanted the fires in the med
babe and then the whole yam for the
sensors room you can't open that doors
your doors are a lot nevermind that's
good okay Rach I get in that med bay
captain no captain's got to stay in
there fuck all my people are beamed
somebody over to you can beam somebody
over to the enemy ship because they are
empty yeah and and just start taking
down their shields with people sure but
all my people have no health well at
this point if they die they died for a
good cause
there's not gonna be anybody there's
there's not gonna be anybody there to
fight them just make sure you're not
targeting the room they're in
oh sure sure no they have so little
health I guess they won't survive the
airless room that's the real question
that's the real problem and all right
you you you need that med bay back I
know so I need to concentrate on door
so I need to take here if people put out
those doors if we can get the doors open
we can we can put out the fire for
realsies oh I wanna soon I want to say
your pilots at full health he could help
put out some of those fires is more
important ya know fuck we can hold out
we can hold out why why am i losing
oxygen in my last place are your blessed
what are your blast lasers targeting um
they should be targeting shields okay
they are now okay
for some reason okay we gotta put out
these fires you three in the med bay now
Jesus Christ more fires you're almost
there you're almost there jack I know I
know we're holding out who's dying who's
dying who's dying the captain okay
pilot this guy complaining about the
pilot and engine guys being idle they're
looking guys who are dodging shots man
yes you need them where they are
Oh oh that's a victory music that's the
victory music oh God
oh wow
right now my ship is on fire let me put
out the fire that's a check that's fine
they have time to deal with it now how
did you jack
how did you make that close I hope that
oh yeah no you know what it was what
well I put my eggs in the teleporter
basket and then yeah I ate too the
teleporters yeah that is the first round
that's bullshit that's bullshit yeah
yeah you got a pretty good ship going
into that third phase after you passed
up going to the store first that was
that was the other problem they would
any problem those those are the lessons
of life I used my crocodile brain our
weight which is the good one
err I'm gonna read the whole thing will
be this whole thing we're gonna have it
save I haven't saved them the alien
doesn't have eyesight you dumb fat
skinny fucks it's your it's pure
instance what crocodile brain like lion
brain don't play the game uninstall it
you boring twats
don't don't stuff you don't like do you
know lessons of life talk about stuff
you do like what's learned the lessons
of life kendo wtl thank you for learning
the lessons of life and subscribing
thanks for not using your crocodile
brain we're gonna make it we're gonna
die until this we're gonna we're gonna
hire we're gonna hire a graphic designer
and they're gonna they're gonna make a
typographical poster of this and we're
gonna hang it at the studio just to just
to remind us on how to live the life
lessons that guy subscribed only because
you beat the mother ship he was waiting
for that that was the determining factor
that's more so it's how you say tots
that's what we can do next so to close
it out just cuz I'm a little wound up
we can play YouTube moderation yeah sure
sure do you want to play the exciting
game of YouTube moderation I well I will
play that game okay just a little bit
it's late okay hold on

[Part IV]
yeah hello everybody and welcome to the
defend our position on alien isolation
chat a game that I think me and Jack
both fucking hated I I don't understand
the love for this game that's the real
thing I mean III we know we avoid
avoided looking at reviews for this game
and then we played the game and III knew
I hated it and you know I texted you
it's something because we played this
game alone we didn't we didn't do like
the the the the group play in the room
like we usually do because we know it's
a war game and we wanted to give it a
chance as a war game so we we took the
game home played it in a dark room by
ourselves
individually and like like 10 hours in
the game I just texted Jack and I think
my text was bored and Jack knew exactly
what I was talking about you say bored
okay great I think I think our levels
are now about it's true it's really true
and that's the thing that people should
know and that was a little boring
section of the video but I kept it in to
make sure that people understood that we
really did give this game a real chance
and well I mean I didn't even think it
was gonna be bad yet I didn't I did not
have that bias like are they doing
something weird I don't know I thought -
I actually thought that myself I don't
know how they're gonna pull this off
over a full game well you know just
dodging one alien you think that would
get sold sooner or later but I was
curious to see what they had I honestly
gave that a shot I said it's not gave it
a shot and I did not have that I
actually did not expect to hate it and
you know what I think I misspoke I
expected to think of a go on too long
and it did but even just the short
experience dodging the alien even if it
were shorter I wouldn't have loved the
game pure No
and you know I this was a part of their
I'm turning up my microphone now for
everyone who says I'm slightly quieter
than rich this was a part of the review
that I edited out which was that I was
expecting mediocrity much like titanfall
I was expecting a perfectly competent
yet slightly boring game that's what I
assumed all that's what I assumed all
triple-a titles are is perfectly
competent but slightly boring and then
we got its that's true lately it is true
lately but that's not always true and
that's not always been true there been
some great triple-a games
I don't hate Triple A games I hate bad
ones and lately that's been most of them
I hate I don't hate Triple A games I
hate bad ones it's like it's like Triple
A games they got to the the point of
cover-based third person shooter and
they got stuck in and that cover-based
third-person shooter molasses mm-hmm cuz
that's that's the game portion of the
the uncharted right it's just third
person shooter mixed with Tomb Raider
yeah yeah all the game of the Uncharted
series is is a pretty basic shooter and
then some climbing like I don't even
know if you want to call platforming
there's some like QuickTime button press
climbing and but it's mostly it's mostly
just a shooter yeah yeah I did not have
like a heavy bias that I was gonna hate
this game I really didn't I agree it was
truly a miserable experience well and
that's why I like that's why I really
wanted to harp on the story so much
because that's what the game was so
simple all we had was story him and that
story was one of the dumbest experiences
I've ever encountered in in anything in
movies books video games for their game
to work you would have really have
absolutely needed to be immersed in the
game and the environment and that
ever happens you constantly run into the
you know the goofy lock doors there's
eight different types of locked doors in
one room and a video game I'm gonna have
to come back here later after I find the
key item you're constantly being taken
out of the game by that guy yet that
door opening shit that door opening
minigame shits up oh god I'm getting
worked up again that's okay that's it
you know what that's oh okay and by the
way I guess yeah I see someone talking
about spoiler alerting the ending of
alien isolation we will I'm sure be
talking about the ending of alien
isolation and I apologize but it's it's
gonna come about hold on I'm gonna turn
on the game really quick so might get
loud for a second for those listening
you playing Telugu war no no I gotta
change you have to change the name of
the stream I did it's um for me it says
live playing telling wish yeah
one loves the panties line oh well it's
like it's like it's like they set up a
like an emotion thing you're the
character and you know the door wakes up
and that's you in the the cryogenic
vioce but a hypersleep chamber whatever
they call it and then you start getting
up and then you look down and see my
body it's like oh that's right I'm a
woman I saw no I'm getting out of bed
and I'm wearing panties I said I'm
wearing panties
we're gonna I've got the sound I've got
the sound on the actual stream object so
I can hear you without that weird echo
sure sure no no I'm turning the game
volume there we go and you know what I'm
gonna turn it down over here as well
give me a second all right rich would
you give me a good goddamn second okay
rich I'm serious give me a second one
one-thousand okay okay now rich talk
yeah I'm talking right I'm talking and
I'm gonna talk with you and I'm gonna
listen to the stream hold on with my
earbud here okay so I'm talking you're
talking yes I'm talking talking right
now talking talking talking we're
talking talking talking
perfect all right everything that sounds
perfect
everything sounds perfect no and I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna start playing
super meatboy here while we talk about
alien isolation just so we can have some
video being but I mean literally yes I
mean you're you're not being hunted in
that game it's not like the AI is
tracking you no I mean it just decides
every now and then to pop the monster
out of a vet it's not hunting you it
doesn't feel like it's letting you it
feels like the game said well it's it's
time for the alien to pop out there is
jump in the cabinet and wait for him to
go away
that's a game Oh hiding in the camp
instead of playing a game the table
plants up while you wait isn't it fun is
it you know what isn't it fun that look
at this crazy fun you're having now hold
our to switch the right stick left hold
down X and square and open the door
right that's the game get a lot more
doors to open
smartos motherfucker here's the arrow go
towards the door push the button not
push that button you played a game can
you tell I hate that game
hahaha I can like like a lot like a lot
oh no and for those of you asking I have
played Super Meat Boy before this is a
new save so I have played super
newly-built before and I love Super Meat
Boy this is just a new save so that's
why none of the levels are unlocked
because I deleted all the game content a
while back because I'm dumb
can your branded in any case yeah
it's the worst I have been I've been
really enjoying reading the YouTube
comments because I do read them because
I moderate them yeah less hate than I
was actually expecting towards us yeah
more people than I thought have agreed
yes
no one I agree with that and I do I
really appreciate all of those I mean
you can disagree with us too as long as
you're not an asshole about I don't know
that would take not being an asshole
what I don't get other comments and say
you should only review a game if you're
going to like it
yes oh my god that annoys me so much you
don't look good like the game you don't
do the review it's like well how do you
know you're gonna like something unless
you review it
know one of my favorites of reason there
has been a recent string of we weren't
playing it right of course but we
weren't playing it right because we
weren't playing it on Hard difficulty
because apparently rich the developers
meant for it to be played on Hard
difficulty then you know what called
normal easy and make hard the normal
difficulty normal difficulty would be
the difficult most people play the game
at the first time they play the game
that's why it's bold
it's why it's called normal difficulty
yes seems like a logical thing to do
hey is that you John Wayne I just heard
the what the fuck thanks for subscribing
we appreciate it
but yeah that's the thing about normal
difficulty that's the normal that's what
you start with that's the average you
know make the if you intended the game
to be an hard difficulty then you're
doing it wrong then make it make to
difficulty options make make you know
normal and easy yep no it's that's the
dumbest that's the dumbest argument is
the we played it wrong because we didn't
play it on hard and difficulties a
problem the fact is the game is boring
sure I don't know how the difficulty
really changes that well they were
spending 98 percent of your time finding
an opening doors they were saying that
because some of our complaints on the
alien AI would have been addressed if it
was on hey well one of them one of the
major problems I have with the stealth
though is the way you deal with the
monster the alien spy hiding from it if
you can see you better I mean you're
still living in a closet for five
minutes right right
oh I agree with you
I'm trying to get an a-plus on every
level for anyone who just noticed what
or who was wondering why I was replaying
and and this is something I want to talk
about too because I mean this this kind
of did get cut from the review so I saw
one comment you know said they do give
you stealth tools it's it's true there
is a whole crafting thing but and and
you you like the way they did crafting
and and the menu and items I I did not
because is so awkward to get at any item
by that by the time you pull it out
you're already dead and I fight the
alien and I like that like but I mean it
kind of makes the items useless though
if you can't take them out in time to
use them but that's it's all part of
what they were trying to do you know
like they were trying to make a stealth
game with stakes and so like using those
items should be like this this um using
the items should be have a consequence
right where it's like oh you're so
scared of the alien and you could use
this item but it'll take time to use the
item so do you really want to do that
you know that's what they were trying
for and the problem again is that the
alien was so derpy and the story was so
bad and the game was so bland that we
didn't care about you know like whether
or not when you use an item or not so if
it were like a normal stealth game or
you actually had time to observe your
environments and and plan your next move
the items would have been perfectly
useful in my opinion but the way it is
the way the alien just randomly jumps
down at you you don't have time to get
that shit ready ahead of time you don't
know the aliens gonna jump down it
you're walking around you've got you've
got like a pistol out or something and
and suddenly you know the alien pops out
behind you you don't have time to find a
closet to hide in and you're just kind
of fuck you don't have time to go
through your item and you find the
noisemaker throw it the other way I hate
that game you should hate that game I I
didn't just I didn't just find faults
with it I I actively hate that game
I think that's okay I let me tell you
something I'm a gaming pak-rat
I am I still have my my copy of Super
Mario Brothers somewhere that's
cartridge I I don't think I've ever
traded a game in other than maybe like
pac-man world to think it's rated him
one of those but but I almost never
trading games the day after we filmed
the review I went to gamestop and I
traded in alien isolation and had them
order the the Metal Slug anthology for
me animal I'm very happy with that trade
yeah
I'm failing as as Captain big trip here
only an isolation boredom simulator with
aliens no no you're wrong beyond
infinite it is it is doors simulate door
open simulator 2014
dork simulator time door door opens
simulator 2014
it's it's it's it's it's
it's it's it's it's so like it you can't
even call it a simulator because a
simulator denotes some sort of game you
know it's it's baby necessarily in a
simulator similar is like recreating the
experience a flight simulator tries to
it accurately as it can okay few
controls to fly a plane and to recreate
that experience and open door simulator
Joe it's the accurate experience of
opening a door and they got that I got
that fine kill me I I had to stop
playing alien isolation every few hours
just to just to get a round of FTL n if
the Android okay if somebody says we're
the androids creepy at least the first
seven times you see one sure sure
there's throughout the whole game and
they look the same and they get old real
quick oh yeah
why did which why do you think I guess
you can answer this - he's stressing it
to me but why do you think most people
have given a good review and enjoyed it
such as myself while you hated it
what's the outlier I see that's that's
fascinating to me I have no idea cuz I
played that and I was just thinking to
myself the whole time there's no way
anybody could like this sure I have no
idea if it's just nostalgia I heard
somebody say that they thought it might
be because there was such hate for the
colonial Marines game that they needed
to feel like there was an alien game
they liked I don't I don't know
you know what I've also seen that and
yes I could I could definitely see like
as compared
the alien Space Marine game yes this is
a fine game yeah but it's like that's
not what it should be judged on it
should be judged on its own game
Darth mustard despite your name I'm
happy I was able to bring you the joy of
XCOM Richard is not like mustard no no I
have not completely a +2 Meat Boy I
don't know I mean obviously I'm gonna
try to do that for this first level
group but yeah I have never I've never
completely a +2 Meat Boy love me boy
you're much better at this game than I
am by the way it's it's actually been a
while since I've played it you've got
that muscle memory going on I really do
I feel I feel bad because I haven't
played this oh fuck I haven't played it
in so long and I just I follow
Tommy refine the programmer for Super
Meat Boy on Twitter and he just
mentioned that he just mentioned it he
said oh fuck he said oh fuck I know he
mentioned that tomorrow is the four-year
anniversary Tom oh fuck tomorrow is this
is the anniversary of his fucking I mean
it could be I'm sure I'm sure at some
point right tomorrow's a four-year
anniversary of Super Meat Boy being
released and it made me one pieces
it made me want to Jesus it made me want
to play the game you know I didn't know
what I was gonna play anyway so
obviously I'm dying a lot it's okay
this is my favorite part of super
meatboy is you get a replay of all of
your runs put together and so you get to
see all of your meets yeah yeah with me
it's usually quite a lot of them it is
yes yeah I don't I just but uh speaking
to like why people like the game I have
no idea I cannot I cannot comprehend how
anyone could enjoy the game but I am NOT
here to judge you I I'm here to judge
the game so if you like it that's that's
yours you know I'm okay with that
I'm not here to I'm not here to say
you're dumb for liking it I'm saying we
like different things and that's an okay
thing did you mind if I if I if I take a
break to give this guy some XCOM
tactical advice dart dart mustard he has
he has some tactical you know questions
about not XCOM he's having trouble at
the the Newfoundland mission okay um I
guess I'll try not to spoil it it's not
that a huge spoiler bread assaults are
your friend they they do well against
chrysalids also I don't know what your
guys level that but I've always found it
helps to bring a in the zone sniper on
that okay that's it that's it's one of
the power-ups the final level on your
sniper it's a double tap which means
you'd shoot twice in one turn or you can
take in the zone which means if
somebody's standing out in the open and
you kill them it's like a free shot so
you could you could technically kill as
many aliens in one term as you have
bullets in your gun and chrysalids are
never considered to be in cover so an in
the zone sniper
he's got a powerful enough sniper rifle
to kill one outright can wipe out every
crystal it on the screen
nice yeah no that's good to know
I think that's solid advice not knowing
whether that is all advice or not how
about them how about that what I'm
trying to think of what I would the
other like wonderful YouTube comments
are did you see the don't don't guy but
don't don't guy I'm gonna have to dig
through all of the fucking YouTube
comments to find this guy it's my
favorite it's my favorite comment we've
ever gotten on a video ever okay for all
of red letter media wow I'm gonna look
for it and you can play this super meat
boy okay good because I was planning on
doing that no matter what
let's scroll down I find it's gonna be
buried all the way at the bottom
I'm not a banjo geek says it's his first
time visiting the stream live and he
hopes it says kick-ass as it is on
YouTube prepare to be disappointed but
oh my god
it's good it's playing with something I
hear them in the kitchen
oh God still have not been to your house
since you've gotten that cat I know you
should come how many epi pens do you
have I don't have anybody you should
have some oh is this it is it is it
don't play the game uninstall it you
boring twats don't don't
yes about stuff you don't like no
lessons of life talk about stuff you
don't talk about stuff you do like twats
yes is my favourite colour
don't don't talk about stuff you don't
like do you know lessons of life do you
know lessons of life Jack I want that I
want that in graves I might my tombstone
okay
can you can you do that to me don't have
to right after I die
don't play games don't play the game
uninstall it you boring twats don't
don't about stuff you don't like do you
know lessons of life talk about stuff
you like twats
I don't know if that whole thing will
fit on a headstone but uh yeah well do
you know lessons of life that's the
question is do I never want to see that
game ever again yep
yeah that was that was a rough one that
was an absolute one and you know I've
talked to some people I've had some back
and forth so on Twitter and on Steam
chats and all that fun stuff and it's
just you know it was and you know like
another thing that people have mentioned
on the on the You Tube is like how we
exaggerated it getting good reviews and
so I looked it up and on Metacritic it
has like an 80 some percent yeah that's
good
those are good reviews except for
apparently IGN IGN who's my homie now
this isn't that strange
I mean IGN they're like the who's of the
the biased triple-a 99% review aren't
they I that's what I thought maybe and
maybe alien isolation didn't pay up I
don't know is that is that the Box quote
from IGN aliens I'll age isolation
didn't pay up
did he pay the tab they didn't pay the
tab I don't know I'd give it like a 25
oh wow
I hate that guy it's it's super bad all
the time
it's super bad all the time the thing
they don't even get immersion right
people keep saying you're immersed in
the world
you're constantly taken out of the
immersion by the the video game II door
shit yeah and it's hard to be immersion
I love the monitor to the next door oh
I'm really in that world aren't I well
that's that's the real thing is it's
hard to be immersed in a world when you
have a magic box that tells you exactly
where to go at all times where it's like
I'm not I'm not exploring I'm not
finding this world for myself I have a
magic box that tells me exactly where to
go and then a screen prompt comes up and
says press this button to do a thing
that's not immersion immersion would
mean I'm exploring for myself and there
wouldn't be a screen prompt I would just
know how the button to press to open the
door right it's the opposite of
immersion every single time a bit a
little screen pops up and said press the
B button that that reminds you that you
are playing a game and not invent
involved in a world yeah they do it
because they want you to feel more March
but like every time you start doing
something like you lose control of the
camera when she starts activating levers
and whatnot yep and that's supposed to
make you know like your head is moving
with her head and supposed to make you
more feel more immersed but it does the
opposite every time I lose control of
her I feel just disconnected for that
instant yeah you're reminded that it's a
video game absolutely
oh I'm not in control anymore oh and you
can't say I don't like immersive game
because true of my fucking favorite
games of all time the dark project and
middle-aged thief but it's all
atmosphere and immersion apparently I
something that is 100% my fault
I felt fief wrong yeah I really
apologize for that edit wise this was a
pretty quick turnaround for me so I
didn't have a bunch of a spellcheck time
I do apologize for that
but you know just curious but are you
too this upset about the game this much
because you were hyped for it
rich worried hyped for this game I was
curious about it I wouldn't say I was
height sure certainly wasn't height no
yeah not hype
I am a big fan of aliens if that means
anything like of the I'm a big fan of
the world film that's right this one I'm
a big fan of the world of aliens I
really to answer the question we just
answered in the chat we just we would
just think there's no alien isolation is
not a murder
it's a joke yeah yeah I wonder if
thought yeah yeah I'm my brain I'm so
worked up I didn't catch the sarcasm
okay
I'm sorry I've gotten worked up again
about this game that's so what did I
interrupt you saying does that mature I
don't know okay watch me now no do you
know lessons of life apparently I don't
by the way oh yeah no I know lessons of
life don't don't say anything if you're
not gonna say something nice right yes
and I completely ignore that yeah Dean
thinks because I want to know and then
you know the the people who there's also
you know people who say like oh they're
just being contrarian you know like they
see that the game has good reviews so
they want to give it bad reviews it's
like we
one that we didn't read any reviews
before I know I know - we don't give you
know the we we do not operate in a world
in which we will ever talk to or meet
other critics like we are we are our own
thing you know if other people say
something we don't care we want to give
our opinions on things oh well yeah yeah
it's it's okay it's okay it's okay
everything's gonna be fine
you say that I do say that everything is
gonna be fine rich stream is talking
about Dhoom 3 now you like I do like
it's part of the last it's probably that
and quake for the last first-person
shooters I've really enjoyed
I'd say vanquished but that's really a
third person I guess is a shooter but I
don't go for your fancy modern-day
regenerating health
quick quick dying regenerating health
stuff doom 3 was a fine game it's it's
it's different than you know the earlier
dooms it's trying to be a scary game and
it's actually I was talking with
somebody on Steam about this doom 3 is
much scarier than alien isolation yeah
have you have you played it
I'm not okay there's a feeling of dread
that runs that was very good
okay I was gonna say remember for a long
time I did not have a PC capable of
playing good games so I'm pretty behind
as far as the whole PC gaming thing is
concerned
go ahead it's just great it's got this
creepy vibe that just runs throughout
the whole game the whole station you're
on feels possessed even right it feels
very unsettling to play it I'm like
alien isolation when you're playing it's
like Oh a lien yes I like the alien huh
it's nothing scary about that I like
Xena my aliens was a great movie
I'm so not scared I'm oh I like aliens
that's the whole thing like do doom 3
was like oh my god what the fuck is in
the dark with me and I keep I keep
reading all these these stories that
people left behind the date of pads
about terrible things that have been
happening around the station that was to
me that was some of your most valid
criticism was talking about knowing the
world yeah you know and and just like we
know everything about the alien world we
can't there's no mystery and that's part
of where the fear comes from is the
mystery of like the unknown discovering
the world but we know everything about
that world so there's no mystery and of
course the game is targeted towards fans
of the world that they already know so
four hits perhaps the people who like
this game are not fans yeah if someone
was playing this game and had never seen
an alien movie perhaps they would be
more apt to get involved in the world
because they don't know it
I don't know rich sometimes sometimes
it's like sometimes I feel very out of
touch and today is one of those times
we're old men Jack it's that's very true
world men so yeah maybe that I don't
know where I'm going or what I'm doing
Richie we're old men but yeah yeah
rich speaking of good stealth gameplay
oh it's problem speaking of good stealth
gameplay like in thief what is your play
style rich I tried it ghost whenever
possible I I feel like I have failed the
stealth game if I get caught by an enemy
once so my my preferred method is just
never be seen if the guard even says
what I feel like that's a small failure
I'm gonna go ahead and agree with you
rich yeah yeah it's as far as the
stealth game like if you have to use
like your your knockout gas or whatever
stealth gaming tropes yeah then you fail
like mike mark of the ninja when one of
those guards goes in full alert oh you
know he's terms his gonna I'm sure
they'll even if you survived he feels
like I I fucked that up
absolutely
okay I see what I have to do now I see
what I have to do now it's all right
everybody everybody who's very concerned
I see I see what I have to do
market a ninja was Korea
we should do market a ninja for an
episode just to play a good game we
should stream it we should just remark
on an enjoy but I agree by the way let's
do that
don't do that on Wednesday well I wanted
you to play cuz I think you will like it
that 3d da hero's 3d dot hero I keep
telling you why don't you forget about
her every time with every single time
yeah every single time yeah I do you
know why I'm a very forgetful person
it's it's like a modern-day classic
Zelda game oh that's right that's right
I remember I remember you saying that no
I keep missing the jump button that's a
very important button in this game and
then you'll hate it and then we'll go on
to something that's that's most tried I
think it seems like something I think
you would like sure I like original
Zelda I'm really excited to play Zelda
too by the way
mhm I have not played I've not played
Zelda too since I was very very young
and well you know what I was describing
I was describing to to my wife who's not
a huge gamer like the whole like what's
the deal with Delta 2 and and I was at
first I called it the black sheep of the
Zelda franchise but then I was like no
that's the CDI games if you remember
those awful things
oh those barely count though exactly
that was that's why they're the black
sheep cuz they don't count like everyone
everyone not know that's it's like the
the stepchild of Zelda it's not those
were never really Zelda games sure the
CDI ones sure to was a full-fledged
Selda game and it's so weird for Zelda
game it is I'm wondering how how I will
feel about it as an adult because I'm
not sure well that's my comparison was
l22 was like zelda 2 is that weird uncle
who you remember being weird as a kid
but you're like maybe he's cool now
no that's why that's why I'm really
excited to play zelda 2 because i it's
been so long where it might be a great
game and removed from the removed from
the hype of the first zelda
maybe it's awesome you know uh-huh uncle
zelda paul exactly where you know maybe
it's cool so that's why like you know
with the sonic episode we started with a
hypothesis yeah you know is is it the
most overrated game however i believe
it's the most overrated game right yeah
and so with this one I want to start
with a question which isn't that bad
yeah you know isn't that bad and I worry
that the answer is gonna be yes and then
yeah oh we confirmed what everybody
already knew yeah that's the danger but
oh well shit happens exactly not
somebody's saying in the chat that we
complained about aliens difficulty and
played it uneasy no yeah we played our
normal the game just sucks also go fuck
yourself
yeah we played it on normal and if the
developers intended everyone to play it
on hard they should have made that the
normal
if if the correct experience in order to
fully understand the brilliance that is
alien isolation is hard then that should
have been the default play mode
you know I it might it here's that
here's what I will concede to you is it
might be better it might be better on
heart I just don't give a fuck I've
invested too much time into a the Alien
franchise sound reasoning right yeah I
think it is it that's that has been my
favorite stream of comments lately also
just speaking of YouTube comments I do
moderate our YouTube comments and
someone the other day on one of the live
streams accused me of removing a
comments that was unfavorable to us like
a criticism of us yeah and I have never
deleted a comment unless it was spam you
know check out my review of this of this
whatever right yeah or if it was
blatantly racist those are the only two
comments I've ever deleted yep
there are if you go to our YouTube
channel you will see tons of comments
telling us how awful we are
because I don't care it like that you
can have that especially you jack yeah
it's you get so much shit it's true so
much shit it's true but that's I'm fine
with it well I'm not fine with it I'm
going to put up with it because this is
my life
I have deleted I haven't deleted so many
racist comments actually I want I want
to take a moment and thank all of you
who do comment we don't get that many
racist comments but every once in a
while
enough of them yes we get enough of them
where I didn't feel like I have to
moderate as fast as possible
not taking my time hesitated rich you
know what happens when you hesitate you
lose
okay I was cheating the game cheated
games always cheat huh games always
cheat that's why we don't like them
that's true
I know what the problem is I'm just not
playing it right right hey suck it
whitey that's a racial slur - you get
many specious do we get many specious
comments I think I think that's a a Mass
Effect reference Jack no it's the
Theodore Rex oh it could be that - yeah
yeah that's funny you know that is
that's funny
uh yes I do look like an anorexic movie
thank you for noticing yes by the way
like you'll see all the Moby comments I
don't I leave it all leave it all
because that kind of stuff is fun you
know I think it's fine because did that
kind of stuff
will not affect my daily life but you
know have you grown fond of the Moby
comments oh god no no listen I get it
I'm a bald guy with glasses I have I
have a passing resemblance to the singer
known as Moby I'd get it up I got I got
used to fake Plinkett uh-huh some people
might not even realize me when that
started that was not that was not a
positive happy thing fake Plinkett they
hated fake Plinkett well you know what it
wasn't positive happy but like they it's
not like they were you know they weren't
making fun of you they were they were
upset I don't know yes no fake Plinkett
there's a lot of hate toward you
because you were not the Mr. Plinkett
yeah and so and that hate manifested
itself into like just hating on rich
Evans everyone loves you now thought for
a while there
when was the last time you hated a game
as much as alien isolation
that's a good question rich I I haven't
hated a game this much since Mass Effect
3 oh my god and for any was effect
Mass Effect 3 mostly just made me feel
sad I'm depressed
if Mass Effect 3 was like it's like
hearing your best friend died of cancer
that was that was best Effect 3 this was
aliens isolationist for just a pure form
of hatred that's listen for anyone who
knows you which is everyone here in this
dream
you've just you just signed alien
isolations death wish for in Jesus yeah
this is really I mean this was bad yes
avianna at least Mass Effect 3 was a
game we agree with that comment at least
it was a game
and man it was it was it was alien
isolation we we tried is what it was
I see how break him super meatboy
fantastic game four year anniversary
tomorrow everybody play Super Meat Boy
see me boys a game it's a little bit
frustrating I know you're not into it I
don't I don't hate it okay it is I mean
but it's it's you die a lot the game I
just want to save cuz I'm talking to
rich so first of all a keg are thank you
for subscribing we've really super
appreciate it but because I'm talking to
Richard via Skype that sounded very
similar to how he sounds in Skype is
what the fuck its and so it's like oh my
god rich what just happened you know
this game is frustrating but it's it's
the ruleset never changes you know and
so it just the levels get harder it's it
has a wicked difficulty curve but a fair
difficulty curve
fuck she's no for a no death run that's
what somebody in the chat I said
absolutely absolutely yes we will stream
until I die in Super Meat Boy the
shortest dream the dreams overhead
thanks for coming out everybody I really
appreciate it and I guess we'll see you
on Wednesday
oh I had a rich yep had it
yeah I don't think of where this Mike
I've heard this voice before and the
announcer voice for Super Meat Boy
sounds very familiar
I can't I can't quite place it
I can't I know it from somewhere does
someone in the chat know who this
announcer is what was that did you just
call up a hairball that's that's what
the voice sounds like like well never
mind
someone that someone will say it mm cut
someone home not paying attention Jack's
not paying attention
oh you know who it sounds like it sounds
like the guy who does um what's his name
nice Peter who does the epic Rap Battles
yeah sweating the Chad just said that
yeah yeah yeah there we go that's
exactly who it sounds like oh fuck is
that him
did they say it is him well I don't know
if I said that sim somebody just said
epic Rap Battles of History and I didn't
say it's him they just said epic Rap
Battles of History that's exactly what
it sounds like
do you have you ever seen any of the
epic Rap Battles of History yeah not
really
alright no that's fair fuck fuck I've
seen it I've seen a couple of them and I
get it
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm not saying
I I do you know what I I do not
subscribe to epic Rap Battles of History
Oh
for that exact reason cuz I get it yeah
and I don't want to see that on a weekly
basis but when when one comes across my
desk and it's two it's two people that I
enjoy you know if it's a something in
nerd culture it's like okay I know it's
gonna be quality it's gonna be a quality
wrap and have some jokes in it I like
that oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh ah so it
does it sounds a lot like nicepeter who
I believe that's his name so we're gonna
say it's him because because we have
that power oh fuck we have that power
just to say whatever the fuck we want
the birthday boy you guys ever
considered doing a best of the best of
the worst that is revisiting past
winners to evaluate them against each
other the problem with that is it would
just be a clip show
and with the internet clip shows are
completely pointless because you can
just click on old episodes whatever and
then we could really watch them again
but we've already seen them we could
talk about them again but pretty much
we've said what we want to say about it
in the original episode so there's not
much point in doing it that's the real
thing we have talked about it yeah but
that's that's the real thing what else
are we gonna say besides what we already
said and you can't get our reactions
again I even I even had a name for it
yeah I I wanted to do it like a like a
bracket style competition during March
put Pitt all the winners against each
other and it would be called March
badness nice it wouldn't work ultimately
yeah yeah it would be tough it would be
tough because we it wouldn't be fresh
and then the entire episode would just
be like saying like I said last time
this yeah yeah this one doesn't okay
that's a chainsaw
you know what I really love about the
chat is when someone tries to write in
emoticon and just writes the name
instead of actually like the emoticon
yeah I just saw like in the chat prereq
geez someone wanted to write cheese that
didn't oh we should have a fart bar may
be a fart bar Monica you do you guys
plan to have guests on prereq we do not
plan on it it happens it happens if
Casey Hudson wants to come on the show
I'll call him an asshole for 20 minutes
Casey that's a fact
it was either right it'll just be one
question what were you thinking baby
right math back there I know I know he
had a large hand in the ending yeah he
was like the big producer behind it what
what what were you thinking what did you
do
I wouldn't mind talking like like tim
schafer would be fun I imagine it would
have we'd have to ask the hard questions
- what's the hard question like
financially what the fuck are you doing
like we'll ask the hard questions like
you should get a business manager
like dear tim schafer you should hire
someone to tell you no I'd like to find
out if was a space-based DF 21 was a
scam I don't know that it was but some
mass that would be interesting see hear
what he has to say about it I'm sure you
know what I'm Shep salutely sure it's
not a scam it's it's another one of his
ideas that is see that might not even be
one of his ideas well somebody in his
team wasn't working it wasn't selling
enough and you know like that's that's
the whole point of early access though
so you're smaller companies don't go
under completely what a game fails you
know rather than rather than spending I
don't know how much fun money but like
all of your company's money-making one
game that's gonna fail you can kind of
get a sense if it's gonna fail
beforehand and then you're still in
business sure like you know if they had
early access 15 years ago Looking Glass
Studios might have made the next couple
thief games a second no you know what
the point I did it I did it I opposed it
there's one I didn't tell the one before
this I didn't A+ we gotta do that
yeah tim schafer would be tough just
because i don't know that guy that guy
don't give a fuck oh fuck he's making
games he's fine we I do well when when
episode two of the of the adventure game
comes out maybe we'll do it as an
episode I when it's done I would wait
till it's a is it gonna be two or three
episodes how many I thought they were
just might I don't know I don't know I
actually honored it's in my library but
I'm holding off I I don't want to say
the first half an adventure game would
be stuck with a two-year cliffhanger you
know you convinced me of that by the way
I am a backer of the adventure game yeah
because by the way the watching the
behind the scenes has been 100% worth
the Kickstarter like watching them make
the game has been so much fun has been
is probably going to be more fun than
the actual game but you convinced me to
wait until the whole thing is done and
play the whole thing and I really
appreciate that I'm looking forward to
it oh you're welcome
yeah it's just it's just sitting there
waiting for me yeah
I you know there there are games that I
really love and I would love to talk to
them like for example the people who
made super meatboy and binding of issac
yeah Edmund McMillen Tommy were famed
who did all the programming like I would
love to sit down and have a chat with
them just because I want the game so
much and so it's just like tell me tell
me your secrets how do you make things
awesome that's that's my only question
is how do you make things on awesome
you know I've listened to I see someone
in the chat saying our god Gabe Newell
and I've heard interviews with him and
you know I think he's kind of boring he
he is a fine god and a benevolent God
but you know he's not I don't think he
is interested in geeking out about the
things that we want him to geek out
about and I don't play dota 2 which is
the only thing he would geek out about
so somebody's saying Jake Solomon he's
the guy who did the new XCOM this is the
guy in charge kind of the head of the
lead project project lean all right yeah
yeah or really just anyone I would be I
would be interested in anyone who made a
game that I like just talking with them
about like how you make a game I I know
so little about the making of games you
know like especially things like
especially things like platformers where
I feel like the controls are super tight
or it's like how did you refine that you
know how how much did you have to play
to make sure that my play experience was
fantastic like I don't know if I'm
summing you know nothing about Jake
Solomon that's that's my assumption yeah
that is a good assumption and a cream uh
uh super he was a super huge fan of the
original XCOM and he actually quit
whatever his major was and got into game
development in college because he loved
the original XCOM and he just kind of
ended up getting his dream job which was
making a new XCOM there's a horribly
there's a horribly interesting article
out there I forget what website it's on
but the articles called the making of I
think it's called the making of Jake
Solomon and it he just talks about his
experiences with XCOM and he actually
tried to make this game like twice and
failed for perhaps really like this yeah
there's like a beta version of new XCOM
that's just supposedly terrible
at the buzzer
fuck did I just die me boy well CN like
having conversation verse a ssin with
him where it's just like talking I think
that would be super interesting just
talking about the failure of the beta
yeah yeah just like how were you able to
convince them to let you start over you
know huh how did you know it was a
failure what what made that not right
for you that would be super interesting
so yeah let's get him yeah we'll make it
happen
tim schafer jinx solomon
yep great yeah make it happen
absolutely it's totally gonna happens
it's totally gonna happen right away
because you know they're not busy
but fuck just die already just die hard
anyway
getting a little I might I might need a
doughnut
not a real thing did you bud
what did I hurt my butt I think anything
don't have to sit on don't it's me no I
mean it's fine it was fine
no no my eating schedule has been crazy
off today and so it's like I feel like
I'm feeling a little love like you kept
them low blood sugar
okay okay I'm like is this some kind of
super meatboy thing I don't know about
I'm like you get doughnuts in this game
I'll be great no I'm just feeling I'm
just feeling like my arms are feeling a
little weak we'll see Chet Chet wants to
know about a prereq set well you know
who you should ask about that is mr.
rich Evans rich has a prereq sex well
it's coming along fine when I don't have
to stop for best of the worst or space
cop or whatnot and or Street what was
the problem is I I pick something that
would take a long time to do in the
first place and then I things keep
coming up and I can't work on it so this
this stuff you saw in the background of
the the episode before that yeah that
would have been involved with with a
prereq set yes yes you figured it out
what the fuck do I have to oh I see now
okay I figured it out
yeah we're good we're working on it not
you know me I am ashamed it has not
happened yet I mean you should be yeah
except soda and a film in the bathroom
here's the real thing what are you doing
over there
Chad the rears the real thing you need
to know about this last episode we you
know we obviously just film wherever we
can in the studio because we are the
we're the redheaded stepchild the red
letter media fun we have the studio all
to ourselves
because Mike and J were out filming some
the best of the worst stuff the only
problem is the studio has a tin roof and
it was raining like a motherfucker so
even though we could have filmed in the
studio what Chad even though we could
have filmed in the studio area
it was raining so hard that it sounded
like a jet engine in there so we had to
film in the kitchen again and for anyone
who noticed s-- how my camera angle
starts to look a little funny because
the mic and jay had taken
Mike and J had taken all of the tripods
so my camera angle is my DSLR attached
to a monopod with tape with duct taped
to a hand truck DSLR on a monopod duct
taped to a hand truck because that's all
we have so that's why it looks a little
funny that's why you can see the tripod
in Jack shot yes at times because the
duct tape like slower slower than we
noticed was giving way and the camera
was actually slowly panning so that you
know jack actually framed that shot
right yes at first and a really fun game
is you can you can go back and see where
I edited you like where like where parts
of the conversation where earlier is
where it's framed correctly in parts of
the conversation that we're later have
more tripod like in them so if you want
to have an insight into where we
actually talked about stuff in our
conversation you can look at that edit
but I mean it was a good improvisation
we just didn't have another tripod you
know because Mike indeed took all the
greedy bastards they took all of their
tripods how dare they those horrible
assholes
rich any thoughts on superior spider-man
I have not been in a comic book store in
five years I only know the premise what
superior man Doc Ock successfully took
over Peter Parker's body and then
Spiderman was Peter Parker was like dead
for a short time and I think they've
undone by now but basically for like I
want to see a year or more spider-man
was Doc Ock in spider-man's body that's
all I know it sounds cool sounds cool I
guess rich you're gonna play the Gabriel
Knight remake or the upcoming Grim
Fandango remake I can't speak much in
Gabriel Knight but I heard something a
little some people probably won't mind
but the Grim Fandango remake is not a
remake it's a remastering so it's like
there's I'm not as excited about it
because I can already get the original
to run on my computer so you know I'm
not I'm not as geeked out as I was when
I first heard about the remake because
it's not a remake it's just the exact
same thing I already own but better
there are third-party programs that I'll
get it to run I imagine they might dick
around with the controls or something
better look I don't know I don't know
let's say we'll say oh my god
it was we had a funny mic thing when you
said we'll see alright hold on I'm gonna
pause the game I'm gonna run a
commercial and I'm gonna get a donut
very important thing these are some very
important things that are about to
happen so rich if I can keep your mic on
and you can just talk to everybody
meet me - I might take a bathroom break
or something okay
well then we are going to take here I
like that we're gonna take a break and
we'll be back in a little bit

[Part V]
now mic microphone is on and now your
microphone is on okay I have a
confession to make
oh no what about I I didn't use the
restroom I just sat here staring at the
chat I did not want to talk to you guys
I can't I can't stand you I can't stand
you
that's not true we love all of our fans
the chat is is calling me out to an
ex-con match oh my with this guy G 3 3 K
what's y'all means no no it's it's brown
sorry it's pronounced 3G 3 K I'm gonna
be dead honest with you he probably
could buy us I've never touched the
multiplayer I'm only interested in the
single player so having zero experience
with the multiplayer I get a lil
imagined I would be trounced trounced
yeah probably I just like I like your
use of the word trounced it's been a
while since I've heard that
it's an appropriate use of the word it
is it is I just that doesn't mean I
don't like it trounced not a word you
hear too often anymore okay got to do
that better I like I like I like my
single-player gaming that is true about
rich Evans games games are what I do
when I don't want to interact oh yeah I
can I can I can feel that I'm here oh
yeah I will play a geek stir in in in
checkers you're you're that confident in
your checkers ability that that's great
is there a multiplayer mode and a only
in isolation where you just stand there
in a closet and do nothing with somebody
else you have to you have to share the
closet laughing now I'm not playing as
well was the delay I'm not seeing
gameplay though oh you know you know
what you're not seeing gameplay we've
been talking for a while okay okay but
you're not seeing gameplay because I
turned it off and you didn't turn it
back on yeah so I've been playing oh and
now I might have broken something hooray
or breaking things
oh one error has occurred okay yay Super
Meat Boy crash oh my lord that's okay
you know I we can just hit that play
button again pictionary
absolutely
absolutely hold on you're gonna hear
some Oh God TV there we go alright let
me get it back up here get it back up
here say there's gotta be a program I
get used to one versus one somebody on
checkers the way I usually play it the
the Microsoft version
it's just anonymous people I don't know
if there was actually a way to play
somebody specifically that's a good
question yeah I'm down for it I'm down
for it
I'm sure I mean there has to be some
sort of checkers game right yeah I'm
sure sure
saying which is quieter I will deal with
that in just a second okay okay
rich is what everybody is saying that I
am quiet there you're quieter now yes
well fuck mm-hmm
give me a second all right you might
hear Super Meat Boy fries a little bit I
rich talk perfect you make funny jokes
funny jokes okay you make jokes all
right and rich is talking for realsies
now where are you talking for real
talking for real I fucked up a toggle
there hi I hear you fine I'm sure they
hear you fine everything's fine
I'm sure or it's not everything's fine
or it's not how about that well and now
you're not getting me point you can't
see I went I had to go do the rich thing
and now we're not getting meat boy guys
know you got you have to choose yeah
they're gonna choose you and that's fine
but I want to play Super Meat Boy all
right Owen let's see if it happens now
more better says I'm wearing panties
should be your go to some Shaq
hahaha we recorded our audio because
obviously we weren't playing in the
containment because obviously we weren't
playing in the room where we normally Oh
My Jesus everything's everything's
everything's not working guys also what
are you getting in the stream are you
getting just black or are you seeing
anything I am saying the color
background you seems a color background
I'm sure mine is like mine is uh here we
go okay alright give me a second here
we're gonna fix it because computers am
i right computers that's that's what
they do they mess up sometimes or they
don't or whatever no we're still
actually not seeing it on our end that's
the weird thing
hold on I'm still seeing nothing I know
I know I oh no I'm not seeing it anymore
alright yeah we're gonna fix this guys
exciting tech support as always here at
the previously recorded studios yeah
dancing the hotel captain there's a tap
dancing joke in space cop now is there
spoilers
yes oh my god unless it ends up on the
editing floor how a tap dancing joke I
love it
I'm super excited for it there we go now
we got me boy
we'll see you know I'm just gonna wait
tap dance there we go okay now it's
working or I could say I'm wearing
panties that's that's entertainment
right that yep
I'm wearing panties I taught you that
you were wearing panties enjoy it yes
hey man I'm not kidding not doing it
fast enough that I mean you knew that
was funny which was that was my story
which is we were recording our audio
separately just so we could have some
reaction things to cut to and rich one
day was like I got it I have this piece
of audio and you have to use it and I
was like what did you say and he goes I
said I'm wearing panties
and true to form it was very funny the
more you say it the better it gets
I can we can only hope
fuck this yeah what's that soap salt oh
okay because because your meat yeah you
are your slug no but it's like it's your
not meat it's actually supposed to be
like exposed flesh and so like rubbing
salt in the wound to kind of thing okay
okay I believe that I believe that's the
idea your your exposed flesh and your
girlfriend is band-aid bandage girl
she's a made out of band-aids okay I
also need to get good at this I'm not
doing I'm everybody just want everyone
to know that I'm working on getting good
there we go there we go anyone drink
warm beer when you forget to refrigerate
it sometimes sometimes luckily luckily
we live in Wisconsin and so we just get
to fuck we just got to put our beer
outside and we don't have to worry about
that
shit oh I wish it oh I get it
Oh who was that rich check check the
chat I just heard of what the fuck they
pop up later for me so when it pops up I
will let you know oh no it should be in
the chat Oh thorax Malone thank you for
subscribing thorax Malone thorax Malone
I'm apparently this is the kind of bug
man all right do what you do saw Rex do
what what you do but thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it I
haven't I haven't noticed that what the
fuck thing popping up yet maybe it is
that broke no you haven't noticed it I
haven't seen a pop-up it's a carrot yeah
I heard it okay I must have just missed
it oh yeah I guess I'm just looking at
the screen I don't have this sure sound
up because that'd be a weird echo oh
yeah no it said um someone said turn up
the what the fuck it's pretty loud yeah
we can't turn it up too much
thank God the chat is bringing up NPR
I'm I'm shocked and impressed National
Public Radio yeah what was that game
show they do wait wait don't tell me now
and they look the prize for the winner
is Carl kasell will record a a voice
machine message for you answering
machine message yeah they're saying I
should do that oh that would be great
dun dun how about then we can make that
happen
apparently apparently I have been
volunteered yeah I mean that'd be fun
you get it you get your very own rich
Evans what the fuck made an NPR
reference and I got it it's fantastic
rich we have very cultured fans I don't
know should fuck up stop talking
politely to shake you like the game that
is your yes we're just being an ass yeah
oh and that's the that's the thing I've
had I've had good conversations with
people online like on on Twitter and
whatnot people who disagree with me and
yeah and the last question isn't it
funny how the the exact same things we
think failed spectacularly they think
worked yeah nobody anybody who tells me
they were really immersed into the
experience and that the the alien
stalking them was frightening I don't I
don't understand that no no I don't
understand that but like you are of
course free to your opinion yes yeah I
don't get it and I I mean I am
interested in trying to figure out what
it is that was like wrong with me and
rich
but I've had really good conversations
with people and really polite a polite
exchange of ideas that that shocked and
amazed me because it's the Internet but
yeah then then there's the idiots that
you make fun of you're just it's because
you didn't play it on horn yes yes
that's not enough maybe if you were a
real gamer you would you would know how
to play it better
maybe you should I don't know there was
something to play wouldn't it
snap dog snap dog no what about those
super fun minigames numbers match the
numbers dude do you remember when we
were showing Jay the cut of the episode
and that part came up for the match the
numbers part and he was like his
reaction was that's really one of the
games let's match the numbers and I get
it also by the way everyone I get it
that they're supposed to be kind of like
time wasty simple games because you're
like afraid that the aliens gonna show
up at any moment
but it doesn't it doesn't show up at the
right points and you're not immersed in
the atmosphere so that you don't feel
scared when playing these mundane games
I didn't yes yes but I under like I
understand what they were going for in
making those games and in in a different
game where you're actually scared then
maybe yeah maybe something like that
oh fuck he pops up randomly because he's
not stalking you at any point it's not
like oh no this shit for five minutes
I'm gonna deal with this shit
that's exactly what the game is now I
gotta deal with this shit
rich is quieter than before I think they
I think they just want to hear me Jack I
think that's the problem I'm okay with
that where somebody else is actually
saying rich is sitting quite so that
might be a thing you're and also like to
me now you sound funny your your mic
sounds funny to me it sounds like
computery
really yeah
could be a skype thing on your end have
you uh you haven't changed anything my
computer can't stream without melting
Jack no I haven't changed anything all
right
I have just officially turned to Rich's
volume up hello hello talking I'm
wearing panties Jack Jack yes yes rich
do you know life experience
don't don't review something unless
you're gonna like it
no don't don't review something if you
don't gonna like it or something oh my
god I need to copy and paste this quote
somewhere cuz I keep forgetting it and
that that makes me sad that's okay rich
it's okay you know what happened also
hmm super meatboy crash so what's
happening know what you know what Jack
you just you just go to FTL go straight
cuz I'm not as good as you it's fine I'm
gonna no I'm gonna play Super Meat Boy
for
I'm gonna I think I'm just gonna try to
beat the salt levels and then I'll play
with you
Jack you you do what you want no it's
your night but I've been on a big FTL
kick I'm trying to unlock all of the
layouts more than halfway there nice I'm
just gonna be let's see how far a man
in the salt factory here FTL Jack to it
please uh yeah I'm gonna be I'll be to
sell factory and then no place and I
feel I need to unlock the mantis B and
the crystal ship B I just got that I
think that the crystal ship it's a
reference to a door song I think but
nevermind
there's a door song the crystal ship and
there's a crystal ship in FTL
that's one of the unlockables oh sorry
but I got like to be layouts to unlock
and I got most of the C ones to unlock I
only have three of those bands boring
stuff dad this is not boring so that
tales never never born I know Jay thinks
it's boring but he can go suck it hey
rich what is your favorite band slash
music artist um I had to pick two
favorites quite fond of Nirvana and the
doors so they're nothing alike which is
interesting that is interesting I you
know it's weird to think about you as a
doors slash Nirvana family yep favourite
album would probably be Dark Side of the
Moon but on the whole I wouldn't say
Pink Floyd is my favorite band the wall
I think is overrated the album some
really great songs on it but as a whole
I think I think I like just about every
track on Dark Side of the Moon sure
except for on the run then what about
you jack
I don't was gonna music you know you
know I enjoy music a lot I really do I
don't ever seek out music you know
uh-huh
I just stumble unto it I just stumble on
to it I you know I wait until I wait
until you know something comes across my
ears we have a great radio station here
in Milwaukee called 88 9 mm-hm and it's
a it's an independent radio station and
they just play whatever the fuck they
want and I so I like listening to them
because I just play whatever the fuck
they want here's an interesting question
because I've never been asked it before
favorite DVD commentary what I'm gonna
go ahead and say that's a good question
yeah it is evil tattoos i remember being
pretty good I remember liking the Big
Trouble in Little China commentary well
sure okay I'm trying to think of all of
them y'all have been so many they still
do did it I mean obviously they still
make commentaries right like yeah that's
the thing that's the thing that still
happens
there we go um there's some really
fantastic commentary tracks any of like
oh that's not a wall I don't know that
commentary haha damn it rich rich stop
being so funny uh yeah yeah funny in
quotes I've really enjoyed all of the
the Kevin Smith commentary tracks and by
all I mean you know like classic Kevin
Smith commentary tracks like clerks
Mallrats I don't think I've heard any of
those they're really good that you know
what that man is good at talking I like
I like his older movies but oddly enough
I don't know that I have any of them on
DVD really yeah yeah I I want to say I
have clerks in three different formats
on three different DVDs when those
movies came out I don't think DVD was
big thing yet it's not actually and
that's why if you listen to I don't know
if it's still the case but his Mallrats
commentary track actually yeah does
nothing but disk DVDs because he backed
laserdisc oh really
and so they spend a lot of the
commentary track talking about how much
DVD sucks and he had to do a special
thing for the DVD release like a little
preamble plays before his commentary
track and he's just like we recorded
this and we thought laserdisc was gonna
be the next big thing obviously DVDs are
fantastic but at the time we really
backed laserdisc
so you know hardly oh heavens once yeah
so that's it's really adorable to listen
to them bash DVD in in lieu of the much
better laserdisc
you know when you have to fool it over
halfway through the movie how would you
ever think that's a good idea
I don't care yes that is the correct
answer
I don't care but you know he's good at
talking and I like hearing the stories
he's he's uh that man talk good okay
okay well you know it's why he's a
podcaster now more so than a director
yeah it's true you know it it's I laugh
because I'm sad how about that
I guess not really sad you know he did
his thing was Tusker a train wreck
did you see it no I have not I thought
you did no no I didn't see that well
said
Jay has seen it okay it was for him to
think of everything about Jay then okay
Jay has seen it I refuse to because I
know exactly what it's gonna be and I I
can't I can't I can't watch a Kevin
Smith movie and and expect it to be bad
because there's so much nostalgia hmm
and so I just don't want to be
disappointed again so I'm just not gonna
watch any of his movies anymore I don't
I don't think his current bad movies can
make me look unfavorably on his older
movies Oh know what I mean what I mean
to say is even though I know like I've
heard bad things about tusk uh-huh
I've heard it's a movie that's trying to
be the comically bad movie schlocky kind
of movie that we like and it fails
because it's trying I will still expect
it to be good because of my nostalgia
for Kevin Smith does that make any sense
I don't know but you're gonna make
whatever kind of sense you want to make
Thanks whatever kind of sense makes
sense for you
oh my god oh my god there are missiles
in this level right I'll have to take
your word for it I'm still watching the
last one you did oh there we go yeah you
don't find it except for the dying but
you know everybody dies everybody does
everybody poops sooner or later
oh yeah UHF has a great commentary track
that's that doesn't that's good yes
that's good what what do they talk about
on the UHF commentary track oh I don't
remember I don't remember I just
remember like I like commentary tracks
in general yeah yeah well they get
either they can either be really good or
terrible do you know what a terrible
commentary track is hmm Mel Brooks is
Spaceballs really super terrible who's
on the commentary track Mel Brooks oh
that's so weird
yes all he does he doesn't talk about
like the filmmaking or the process or
anything like that he spends the entire
time telling you that a joke is about to
happen we hear the joke and then he then
he says he explains the joke oh you see
it's funny because they're watching
themselves on TV and you know it's like
present-day
let's that's why it's funny huh he
spends the entire time explaining the
joke it's it's Terry it's
heart-wrenching terrible yeah that's
disappointing well you know like Mel
Brooks not being funny that's so weird
well but that's the thing is he's a
comedian he's a writer you know like he
write jokes and crafts the jokes he's
not someone who wants who cares to talk
about the technical sides of things and
so that's what he does it makes sense
okay tangley it's really hard to listen
to
have you ever seen have you ever seen
American movie no you haven't
nope I haven't seen a lot of things oh
you should see American movie that's the
one about making the bad movie right
about making them bad movie in Milwaukee
yeah oh my god what am I supposed to do
down here um alright
yep get lucky get lucky Chris Smith is
the director who made American movie
fantastic documentary about making a
movie in Milwaukee his the commentary
track for that is super fantastic
because it's him and it's Mark Borchardt
who's the guy who's the subject of his
documentary and they're just just
talking about making a movie and it what
am I supposed to do down here oh I get
it I don't get it
I figured it out rich okay I figured it
out but I fucked up that's a really good
great commentary track the American
movie commentary track which is weird
because it's like a commentary track for
a documentary you know but they just had
they had more insight and more knowledge
more knowledge to give there we go
that's just such a fantastic movie
American movie for a while
my cousin Jake worked for Christmas news
in Milwaukee filmmaker and he made some
really great car commercials it's true
he's one of those filmmakers what he
does is after the success of American
movie he he got popular enough to get
commercial work and so what he does is
like one or two commercials a year to
finance whatever weird project he wants
to make mmm and that's it like he's he
is permanently just kind of at zero he's
not making money he's not losing money
he doesn't know missiles and then he
makes a really weird movie because he's
like an artist like he made a Bollywood
feature he made a movie called the
yes-men about a group of eco-activists
Amanda does not give a fuck but if you
remember those car commercials a while
ago I'm fucking up now if you remember
those car commercials a while ago where
he was a car that was like parked and
then like a dog would slam into it
because the dog thought that the car was
going really fast oh yeah or we're like
an old man was yelling at a parked car
saying slow down it was a commercial on
TV or a commercial on the internet
because I I haven't watched TV in like
years at this point it was a TV ok
everything everything I watch is on like
Netflix or Hulu or something
oh yeah it was a TV commercial and of
course it was years and years ago and I
only remember it because it was
Christmas but I'm not I guess I what I'm
saying is I'm not expecting you to
remember it but for anyone out there in
the chat
Christmas okay I don't know what I'm
doing wrong here I'm losing a little bit
of my brain losing a little bit of my
meat boy brain maybe maybe you're
getting exhausted I am you know what I
need another donut you can always stop
and get another donut I this is the
thing that might happen while you're
doing that I'll I'll just sit back again
and look at the chat with contempt you
love the cherry yeah I do yeah yeah of
course I do
of course I do they're good people or
they're not I don't know I don't know
them personally I mean they watch us so
they have to be unremarkable assholes
but that doesn't mean they're not good
people
okay stars just itching for a fight
I don't know I don't know if I should
give him the attention Jack that's
that's a few rich your your skill is
being put into question I know I never I
never claimed to be the world's biggest
ex combat yes I've never made that Club
you kind of made that claim when did I
make that claim in stream number seven
of riches ex Cameron you claimed to be
the world's biggest ex-con badass okay
no I don't know you you know you you
talk about X comma lon
let's go yes you have a zillion hours in
Dexcom mm-hmm so by transitive
properties you claim oh my god make sure
my true calling us checkers Jack I know
this but this do they know this
can we already kill me already I love it
that your true calling is checkers I
think that's hilarious how long are you
gonna be doing this one level check
right seemingly a while or I'm gonna
finish it right now I did I finish it
right now listen that's that's how it
works sometimes it's hard okay okay here
it is boss level boss level you'll see
I'm on I'm at a delay here so that's
right you know what and here's the other
thing I'm doing rich was super meatboy
because I love it so much
I'm not even skipping the cutscenes I
haven't been skip I am absolutely
shocked yeah that's true because you
know why they're so cute it's so cute
here just a little piece of meat you
fighting a fetus in a jar with a Sudan
yeah I think the replay was broken on
that last one cuz you died too many
times
maybe one of the exes what maybe
accidentally hit button
maybe I absolutely hate the school under
Oh God
is this some this is one where you need
to be perfect and you race the guy yeah
I can be perfect
you know he can post that checkers link
as much as he wants I I'm not even I'm
not even streaming so nobody would see
it it's just for him
is he a poop boy or is this tofu boy um
I'm not sure I'm gonna say I'm gonna say
tofu because poop is okey okay
yeah it's okey it's a little bit okay I
find poop to be okey you find poop to be
okey yes my personal opinion yes poop is
hooky okay you know that's fine oh my
god you have to do this entire thing if
you fuck up I can do this well that was
the thing with the game is uh maybe this
I think he's a poop guy ah he's a poop
guy they made an unlockable character a
super tofu boy after Peeta complained oh
really how about Super Meat Boy and
super tofu boy was like sickly and slow
that's great yeah how do you do that you
don't know I don't I'm terrible this I
don't know how I I think it passed here
but I don't know how you figured out
muscle memory
I got I stopped sliding sliding and
slowing me down right what was the Fed
made you think you wanted to get it a
filmmaking
where's yep there there was no movie it
was just like Mike had a camera and it
was a good for aid of Alvin but there
was no inspiration where I want to make
the next clerk sir I want to make the
next Batman return
she's always fun fucking around with a
camera mm-hmm and that's that's what I
did for a long time you know we made
movies with my cousin
and you know we just fucked around with
the camera but then we saw clerks and
it's like oh you can do this this is a
thing that people do and it turned you
know it got really real after that well
yeah I mean obviously anyway anyone with
a camera that's what you do just fuck
around with a camera
oh my god Jesus rich fuck rich fuck no I
absolutely not I have a fiance check
something attractive about your bald
head but I'm just no really oh no not
really no I'm just trying to be I was
just trying to meet us with oh thank you
don't mention my stubble I had stubble
in this episode I a dust on of stubble
to pan head stubble it was face stubble
no I had I had face double I had head
stubble - no no I said shave my head but
I I only had time to shave my head or my
face and I chose my head okay Saurus
that is the right choice absolutely if
you are a bald man who shaves his head
and you have to choose between shaving
your head of your face choose your head
why does everybody always sound so so
shocked that I have a fiance Jer I
that's I don't know listen people you
know and Loveridge of course of course
he has someone special it's like listen
what's what's the the joke you know
honey Boo Boo's mom I had a better girl
there's someone for everyone people are
assholes right just don't listen Oh
it's been spun I'm how could they not
know either it's been an open things
like a while now yeah I reach out it
comes up every chance somebody like
riches a fiance
what maybe that's you know what maybe
that's just a good thing maybe that just
means we're getting new viewers all the
time okay okay and I don't know maybe
it's just because they don't have anyone
in their lives and then just assume
that's the same for everyone
that was me I'm sorry that was everybody
I'm really sorry
no you're not I'm a little sorry how
about that oh my god I got hung up at
the same part of fuck I'm gonna vacuum
in back Jesus
all right rich I'm going silent for a
little bit no because I want to
concentrate on this level so I can beat
it and play fel okay jack but don't
don't talk about things you don't know
okay like that CL yeah yeah don't don't
talk about things you know
okay
you know what then I want I want that
that quote on a frame
I want it framed okay well we'll put it
up on that corner that's my office yes
hang it on the wall what about the
lessons of life you twat and he has to
know English or he wouldn't have been
able to understand the review right
right are you going to stream the making
of the best of the worst episodes
someday you guys just watching three bad
movies you don't understand how boring
that would be we give you the good bits
but there's a lot of bits that are just
us being miserable absolutely miserable
long stretches yeah think about how many
times we cut to the reviewing or to the
viewing or in Perm movie right three
mess yeah yeah and each of those times
were you you see us for maybe about five
10 seconds mmm-hmm that's it and you
know yeah we say stuff we throw out
jokes but a lot of them don't work and a
lot of times we were just sitting
passively and watching you guys would
hate that and you're going
have to trust us yeah yeah we do
understand but we want it anyway you
have to understand that that's just the
lessons of life rich fermions of life
all right
I am going
