Sep 13, 2014
Invisible Inc., Towerfall Ascension
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43283734
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43283653
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43283924
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/43283532
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iUNJwPfz-4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVVZDX3yEtU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQzcE-v_Ftg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kt81K5uU9As
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/510844538600955905

[Part I]
hey guys we're back on oh hi oh hey
everybody and also I see someone posted
though a still image of my lack of chest
hair I mean that's like upper chest I
don't even think that counts but you
know that's what there's two things here
yeah one why are we spending time
talking about your chest hair sure sure
- why are people taking screenshots of
your chest to prove that you don't have
chest hair these are all weird things to
have happen but with our fine questions
- yeah yeah it's odd yeah it's very odd
one thing I do want to like reiterate
hurt or iterate in general is like I
don't just because of the drug talk I
don't think it's a good idea to do drugs
that's the one thing I learned about
doing drugs is most people that's how
they find that out is from doing drugs
right when they grow up and they move on
yeah yeah I will tell you like one of
the that was one of the like slowest
times of my life as far as like
creativity was concerned I did nothing
the years like you know moving to three
years at high school like right right in
high school then after is what if it was
my pop period and I made nothing really
really because then you have someone
like Kevin Smith who says you know he
wakes up and smokes pot and coke spot
all day yeah but then you look at the
shit he's doing so he tries to say it
makes it more creative well and you know
I think it's different for everybody
works for some people it didn't it made
me paranoid and and isolated I I would
go away from people when I did it and I
didn't make anything yeah so that was my
only experience I don't condone drugs I
just want to make sure people know that
I guess
no I don't want to seem like I'm an
advocate for drug user I understand I
had some good times with some friends
but I still do that and I don't do drugs
very good so done there's our PSA PSA
all right let's get back let's get back
to this is your neck actually confirmed
for Newark absolutely absolutely
you're still bitter about losing yes I'm
sorry did we no we didn't even like the
head okay all right jack is now playing
I'm gonna plan easy because that's the
only way I can do anything
I'm ready okay we have a hot keys ready
gotta have my hot keys ready to Smith
you have some strange patents in the
global market oh man they're picking up
some strange patterns is a global market
guys so we've got a server farm I think
that just gives us more of a mission
option B no the server car gives you an
incognito a hacking with programs oh
okay that's very sorry security gives
you a high level item like a high levels
looking for us to a daughter or
something okay the executive journals
opens more missions okay the Nanofab is
the the good store that's got a lot of
neat shipment and the vault is of course
money okay oh the vault is very guarded
so I don't want to do that yet I'm gonna
go to the detention center and see if I
can get another guy in my team
all three he's probably gonna get a
miracle Derek yellow best guy I hate
them and I want that I want to never do
them I think it's like 90% of the time
it's just a generic prisoner you got
someone yeah that was like we don't like
the second time I've ever gotten another
character
jaquise okay
all right steal that power yo incognita
gotta steal that power internationale is
her name okay what's it here that's a
big no she didn't have any more points
left
close that door oh I like to make sound
effects
oh that's right I'm a jungle oh I forgot
about that you're a Juggalo I think I
sent that in one of the past streams I
was down with the globe I say if that
makes me a druggie just because of that
are you are you down to clown until you
dead in the ground is that a thing that
said I want to say that's an ICP sign
down there I should know because I'm
their biggest fan but I don't remember
oh yeah Jay why don't you know come on
okay now I know his name is Dekker the
guy in the overcoat Decker Decker Decker
I still don't see enough of a similarity
to Blade Runner to say that's a
reference
sir he's got a coat that's not yet
what's gonna Nate alright alright I
think it's probably a reference to oh we
looked it up was it was Deckard
there was a dexhart oh I already forgot
Deckard the movie and then Eckhart I
don't know we looked it up I forget I
always fall asleep before they ever say
his name god dammit Jay ring do that
again yeah yeah it's Deckard okay that's
the same I mean yeah it's he's heading
back that way we can get the other side
of the door fine
yeah I'm just you know what I'm doing
take it down take him a fuckin time see
if you can get further than I did what
level did you get to ah you got to the
third mission fourth or so I think the
fourth yeah okay you got to the fourth
mission that's so that's my goal
you know you got to do close that door
where can I hide okay so here's the
great thing about this game is you can
just hide right here and then walk right
past it the greatest intern
International close that door
Internationale is gonna head this way go
see if we can peek through this door
that Power Juicer or sensory thing that
that finds other objects Wow well it
doesn't matter like there's no cameras
or anything you don't know that to use a
problem can I just use it yeah you got
if you got an action pointless we're not
gonna use it anyway
oh sure no there's nothing okay that's
worthy no was it worth it
yes okay I believe you all right okay oh
and now Deckard does not have his
pickpocket ability yet no I'm just makes
fake starts wobbling thanks great she
starts awesome pickpocket and she opens
lock doors so here's how you get past
them so he's gonna walk back this way
next rinse all I do do ya idea great
that's great
okay lady pants get in there empty room
empty room I went oh there's a console
oh yeah I already stole that that's
something in there huh fucking hell all
right lady pants wait always you always
have to shut that door go there then
lady pants you're gonna go right here
and he's just gonna walk right by her
can't even get in there now
all right intern here we go guys it's
happening we're doing it this guard this
guard doesn't know what's happened he
doesn't know what's good he's a dickhead
be safe bakit
my feet smell like roses whose be my so
when I put your feet smell like see
people that's the weird stuff smell it
would be finding us just ignoring
questions about what feet smell like
Harriet chest hair those kind of things
why don't we just ignore those chest
hair isn't appropriate because I guess
if my chest was slightly visible during
the last video we are objects to these
people that's comedy objects objects but
I just want to make stupid videos shit
did it see me no you want by the same
database nice
so now because internationale Leslie
lady pants right here has the special
pack the power supplies from far away
thing I'll send her in this direction so
she can get those dogs and then I'll
send Decker in this direction so you can
see what's over there all right nice and
close that door can I talk about mustard
some more well there we go mustard is
disgusting you guys open up a can of
bees you open up a can of us this is the
most violent condiment witness last time
you tried it have to try it before I
know I hate it got your minds i J no it
seriously cuz there's lots of things
that I used to dislike that I've grown
too you know hey let's change over time
there's there's not liking things and
then there's sizing things I used to be
that way with some foods and now I lose
I I like a lot
III want to say ten years okay I'm not
gonna try it again for your sake cuz
last time I had mustard I almost throw
up I I can't stand the stuff actually I
probably accidentally had someone like a
cheeseburger in recent years and
okay bear no this is a always fuck up
your order it's it's a weird thing to
hate that violently to me because it's
it's a my old taste it's not like
something like spicy or something I
don't know it's a weird one to me but
whatever oh I still hate Oilers that's
the one food that I want always say then
read what that one does doctor okay
yeah-oh kills demons those things that
when you hack them they're like that's
like a virus and it does I don't know
what the virus does various things
sometimes they like open let more cards
in the web Oh
sometimes they reduce your movement
speed yeah that would be nice I want the
mid gel all right
hey you do what you want to that's
fucking right all right I'm gonna stay
there stay there stay in an
international I can't move mustard is
not the condiment of Satan mustard is is
the earthly embodiment of Satan but it
is the form that Satan takes when he
enters our world there is evil deeds
let's you have a very strong opinion on
mustard yes I do
I think you have a strong opinion on
that sir than I have on anything I am
mustard as a demon extra man
I used to be a super picky eater when I
was a kid growing up but yeah at some
point in my 20s my taste buds opened up
to a whole new magical world yeah filled
with jalapenos and hot sauce and don't
think I still don't like her olives and
pickles
you don't like olives and pickles oh I
fucking hate olives I am picking love
olives oh there was a time in which I
was a wedding DJ and a lot of times in
order to save money the bride and groom
would choose not to feed us
oh those fuckers that's the worst Oh
it's ending you just stand there behind
the booth watching everyone else eat
while you're playing Love Shack and it's
just bullshit well I just suppose it's a
little bit different for a DJ because
you're I'm thinking of it from when we
used to shoot weddings and we're there
sometimes for 10 hours and they don't
feed you yeah
that's bullshit a DJ's like what four or
five hours maybe I mean it's still kind
of bullshit I mean it's still kind of
bullshit yeah but anyway what I was
gonna say in those instances like we
can't leave it's not like we can go out
and get food right uh and so I would
survive off of coke and olives I haven't
put olives in my coke just the sugar and
the sustenance from the olives my honey
oh that's horrible
well I mean yes yeah I'm gonna clarify
something for the chip okay mustard is
in fact worse than the Amazing Spiderman
wanted - okay I thought that was
important I ended oh shit there's two
guards in there
I mean who would watch does he have
miss Cartman this guy didn't see me this
car did no there's a safe place you go
close the door no I'm gonna take out
this cart he keys not you don't have to
take out any guard I'm gonna take him
out well then he's just gonna wake up a
few turns and then you're gonna have
alerting guards running around do you
mean you can hide behind then just close
the door and hide behind that desk can't
you again
now he's gonna come right here yeah and
he's gonna look around he's not gonna
see because the desk is gonna be there I
can hide right here yeah but see me yep
can I add right here
I had no the further ones if you do get
spotted you can run on the other side of
the desk okay rich apparently your
feelings on mustard are quite very
special very controversial people are
going apeshit fuck them people a result
of what foods they can can't like I
didn't think mustard was that popular of
an item I don't know is it mustards fine
I'm okay with it you're gonna be
horribly disappointed to learn that any
hot dogs I may or may not eat a space
cub will not have a buster yeah we've
been very you know courteous and putting
mustard on the hotdogs just going yeah
just ketchup plainer ketchup er you know
you probably if you really wanna
simulate mustard you could use squeeze
cheeze I'll be fine with that
Oh squeeze cheese it's too late for that
now yeah I know I think we've shot all
the important hot dog scenes but I see
and I'd like I really like Chicago sound
like the peppers that no thanks for all
the crap on and that's something I would
have hated when I was younger
absolutely the peppers and onions and
should not I would have hated it but now
oh so my mic might taste heavy evolve
since I was a kid but mustard is just
that's the one thing yeah I mean a
strange we're not gonna apologize for
hating Muslims you know that you have a
very controversial opinion on it okay
you're allowed to have that opinion but
am i apparently not
he doesn't see you nothing oh man now I
want a chicago-style honey no and
there's that place there's a place in
Milwaukee that like that the hot dogs or
whatever that's closing down that great
hot dogs no hot dogs is in Chicago
there's a place in here that there's a
place in Milwaukee that's a great hot
dog place it's closing down I don't know
what that's a call obviously I didn't go
there no it's not Martino's is it huh
yeah no how does the Chicago okay that
that is a place that's closing down
camera yes old will CGI the mustard
under the hot dogs in space cub
excellent because what we need to do is
that more visual effects to the movie
get over here
what are you trying to go I'm just
trying to move them oh oh you can click
and drag the map now that's nice
Oh before I even notice that before it
like just moved wherever your mouse went
that's a real this is a fantastic
addition before it was really sloppy but
I think that's cuz you're not doing full
screen oh sure yeah I hate for the full
screen way where you just like have to
like drag your mouse trouble I'm suing
both working full screen but I like the
drink yeah the drag is out of it I mean
I mean I like moving off to the side
having to move to it oh yeah that's
right yeah you know what I think gay I I
should have taken out this guy viral um
Kickstarter 1 million for CGI mustard
the budget of the CGI mustard will be
substantially higher than the budget for
the actual movie
because this yeah I don't much like
pickles either and I don't think ketchup
goes well at all the cheese so so
ordering cheeseburgers is always a
headache for me
you can no mustard no ketchup the
pickles I would like some some lettuce
and some mayonnaise
I do like potato slices I like lettuce
and man on a burger the California
burger lettuce tomato mayo on a burgers
I think those aren't ketchup together
good eye here's is my thing I've never
liked to catch it okay it's sugar the
sugar paces so what's what's your what's
your problem here John here's what I'm
thinking right yeah so this guard is
gonna walk back to this station right
and look back this way yeah see a
stationary guard or patrolling guard
he's a stationary guard that means he's
gonna be staring right at those safes
yeah but then I got this asshole to
worry about ya know but he'll get back
here and he'll turn around he was facing
this way sure well he's gonna be looking
at the same set you can get in there but
he's gonna be looking at safes
but what do I do you have to either deal
with not getting those safes or you can
quote but I don't know if you'll be able
to get back out in time sure yeah all
right well you know what I'll take it
we'll take it to the next we'll take it
to the extreme
okay that at least gets me a knee in I
still go off of muster and we got a deal
like this asshole if I if I take him out
will he hear me um no but I got the void
taken guys out I have to why you mean
those saves I wanna hey your funeral
great now what about the other guy who's
looking right at the safes I'll deal
with that in a second oh okay okay who
got the best card insufficient funds
now I got the funds oh I just deal with
money first but now I can get in that
red door something listen it's something
it's something I also just sit on him
for three Tara go this way Deckard can
go that way yeah yeah camera my camera's
gonna turn on this next turn
I will not stream by wedding on twitch I
mean this is smart coal if I want the
marriage to last I don't think I can
stream it on Twitch I think that's
that's off-limits
oh this might be an empty room where's
the fucking objective it's gotta be
through that door then this is an empty
room
what's your objectives supposed to be
isn't it C okay is everyone in agreement
on ranch dressing that it's great is
that your opinion rich do you like ranch
go say it's fine it's good it's a world
where all pro ranch dressing yeah how's
that that's that's important we have to
find an agreement on something here okay
so I think we can all agree that ranch
dressing is good it's good it's not
someone ring what about sour cream
what's sour cream consensus I'm fine the
sour cream here's my hair so here's our
employer mind on french fries sour cream
on four just sour cream on french fries
that makes perfect sense cuz you put
sour cream on baked potato yeah that's
true so I don't think I've ever had it
but I'm sure it's funny now I'm sorry
that doesn't blow my mind you know okay
that makes perfect sense they're
somewhat related the routine is
delicious houdin's which is french fries
with gravy I mean anything we're gravy
that's true I've had it once and it's
surprisingly good it's great
yeah meat separates its fucking cried
shit worried me how can it not be the
best
I got it there's a door over here
additional cameras I know I wouldn't
check sour cream straight into my art I
don't know why but I find that really
funny funny but probably not very
healthy I would not recommend you
actually do that now okay
the concept is amazing what is your
objective Jam I don't know oh that's
dead-end camera right there well no I
mean you don't remember what it was when
he took the mission
I don't want did you take I don't
remember
oh god I don't know what I'm looking for
who's not here go into incognito mode
you can see dead ends like you know
yellows a door right so you can actually
double check see if you have actually
there's a door jambs you guys have
streamed dark souls right you remember
that you played there I play dark souls
I'm working with everything when you're
gonna do it we're never going to do it
again nobody I got begin here's why it's
because of you assholes and that was one
of our very first streams oh yeah and
they'd rather comically gave us terrible
advice oh I a screen remember yeah and
and that and we had a pretty bad time
playing because you guys are giving a
shit advice oh my head it was fun
but it kind of ruined Dark Souls but
just a fly oh okay it's a detention
center yeah I get in there yeah no I
can't by the way the answer's no I can't
that's okay I know what I'm gonna do
you get in there with a cloak yeah next
turn
all right I don't think you're gonna
make it out of it with that prisoner ah
this is this is a cut your losses and
run situation absolutely not I know you
won't take my advice I will not take
your advice but I know why because it's
dumb I'm going to give my advice to you
so you can ignore it okay and I can rub
that in your face great
later when everybody's dead okay you
think I'm gonna die I think you're good
I think you might lose one of them and
maybe decide to run though if I lose one
I just died fuck it you're not gonna get
through this game with one guy I got I
got this okay so here's what I'm gonna
do about the dog see now this is the
dart and I cloak use cloak okay cuz I'll
stay cloaked throughout the whole thing
so I can move here and you won't see me
let play more ex-con just shove that
down my throat until I die what that's a
comment that somebody barely likes us
playing ex-cop oh you want you to play
it till it kills them yes let me name
yeah we can questioning their life
choices but Deena oh it's generic
prisoner - ah fuck you generic prisoner
oh what'd I tell you it was gonna be
Jack what'd I tell you
whatever come here lady pants what can
you do you can't do shit ah fucking hell
I won't just hang out in here hang out
in here ladypants
fucking fuck I go check that shit out I
guess there's nothing over there great
Deckard come over here now where you
going
you're stationary this is great this is
gonna be great what assholes in the
stream tonight being assholes yeah
alright just assholes that happens it
happens
I saw someone earlier was asking about
half in the bag we have not done one for
a few weeks because what's in theaters
can anyone name anything they're excited
to see right now what is in theaters or
seriously can you name one like what
Kate what's coming out this weekend I
bet you can't think of anything can you
oh my god I can't see so that's
partially that there's really literally
been nothing that is worth doing a half
on the bag on the closest would have
made me Benson city too but oh sure um
and that was a couple weeks ago now but
other than that there has been nothing
so we've taken a little break focused on
space cop we powered through some stuff
for space cop worked on editing the
samurai cop interview there's work going
on and a half an hour best of the worst
yes there's the best of the worst that's
mostly edited should be done soon no
we're working on stuff but half of the
bag is kind of you know we'll get back
to it of course but they're really it's
really I can't remember the last time in
the time that we've been doing the show
where there's been so many consecutive
weeks when there's been nothing to see
the reason is drunk drop yeah there's
the droughts of the movies what see
that's a good point
yeah Lincoln what what came out this
week
nothing nothing nothing and I guess I I
read an article either this last weekend
or the weekend before was the least
amount of tickets sold for a weekend
since 1988 not like amount of box office
money just the least amount of ticket
sold because there's nothing I don't
know how this happened
are you doing I know jack I got this you
got this you don't even all right all
right you don't even know how much I got
this I'm probably I'll be honest or I'm
gonna do it so spectacularly that you
won't even know then I'll believe you're
dreaming what hit you Oh after Jays far
as Toronto and some festivals and
independent movies that's not really
half in the bag
occasionally we'll do a smaller movie to
spice things up but for the most part
it's for the for the bigger releases oh
he's checking that door she's stuck in
there I got this okay okay I'm just
doing this in case he comes in here okay
- possibly
overwatch you don't hear your ex is
close enough mate yeah maybe yeah it's
fucking right maybe I'll take maybe I
could do this I believe in me
oh shit I no longer believe in me okay I
got this I got this
this Deckard have a no another shot
again what's a sweet charge like on this
no you just he'd just use it he's got
two more turns so ladypants is gonna
have to come in here and take him down
keep it up yeah she can do that don't
leave the door open
never leave the door but even when
you're gonna walk through it again close
that fucking door now you're thinking
with tactics yes baby pants go done me
okay I think she finds the fact that you
call her miss lady pants demeaning you
should stop tonight that's what I mean
it's me yeah okay all right I'm okay
with that I'm okay it was into it but I
you know what ladies can wear man pants
jack
ladies can wear any pants they want I
just hate the name Internationale this
is the name that's her name oh it's
international
lady pants is better yes so I now take
mine
alright but what movie do you see on the
horizon for half in the bag oh god
what's coming out there's nothing gone
girls coming out soon I think David
Fincher's name out and that's David
Fincher so I'll go see that he's really
good at taking bland pulp pop
entertainment and turning into really
well-made movies I'm not sure what else
is coming out I'd have to look into it I
know there's nothing this weekend
there's this question yeah would you do
the Angry Video Game Nerd movie for half
of the package no no I probably wouldn't
I would feel very weird doing that for
half in the bank
I thought it was an interesting question
anything it's fine yeah it's it's a
worthwhile question but no I would I
would feel very odd about doing it yeah
it's not the normal type of movie we do
for for half in the bag so to make an
exception just because it's another you
know Internet where your guy yeah it
would be odd okay doesn't mean that's if
if I ever see it I won't discuss my
opinions on it somewhere maybe in the
stream or whatever oh sure I never have
and then quick cuts I just having that
time to do any quick cuts not head time
I know the idea of mine it was that it
should be something we can do quickly
and simply but I haven't even had time
to do that which is unfortunate because
I've actually seen a lot of really good
movies lately
thank you might do it I'm gonna I'm
totally good you might do it you're not
getting a third hair drive you're just
getting that stupid fucking orange
jumpsuit what is he getting like 600
bucks that's it yeah fuck him it's fuck
him no I mean I'm doing it there's
nothing there's nothing to stop me
that's that's apparently all this
freedom is worth to his family 600 500
bucks
fucking that's usually about where it is
for me I fucking hate those guys and I I
don't try very hard to save them close
that door I didn't close it when
International went through just cuz I do
miss bringing deckard I just want to
look the stream down then I wanted to
close that door but a new Deckard was
going through so it didn't matter
I understand do you yeah you gotta close
in doors yo its lack of fucking movement
points
somebody somebody likes quick cuts
because they get to see you were closed
up you're welcome that's the point of
quick cuts okay
got everyone out did it
finder's fee will be a nice boost okay
I'll take 900 that's something hm
give me some upgrades here most
important thing is steel from behind as
far as I'm concerned that is the most
important that's the first thing I crave
absolutely all the time 100% then I go
stuff yeah yeah it's more movement
points it but I don't have any money on
it so yeh feeling saucy over the vault
I'm feeling saucy
I mean the vaults these smart thing to
go for cuz that's where all the money is
and then you go to a Nanofab if I could
put exactly the only problem is that is
very guarded yeah you know what fuck it
doing it I'm gonna die I'm gonna die you
got a death wish jack has no sense of
his own mortality yeah okay Jack is not
as good at these kind of games as riches
and I'm trying something that's a little
more difficult bad one thank you fine
you're fun but I'm fine everything's
fine I'm fine and everything else is
fine how are you that's a that's a quote
from Star Wars Episode one The Phantom
Menace right Oh J everything's a quote
from Star Wars Episode one The Phantom
Menace that's true gamer okay
could samurai cop take Lent in a fight I
don't know Allen's he's got some skills
well it is prime or no and either I
don't even think it matters yeah that
man is still in fine jail I didn't meet
him in person because I was watching
Star Trek
lyza comments about that because I at
the end of the interview I showed the
photo the group photo we took in every
was like where's rich did you make him
take the photo there's a lot of comments
about I have my rich was not there when
we shot the interview unfortunately my
choices were samurai cop war TNG reunion
with my fiance yeah the choice was kind
of obvious and maybe you're not as big
of a fan of samurai cop yes yes that's a
fine choice it's a fine show but that's
why rich is not in the photo at the end
we didn't make him take the photo
happened to be there when we shot the
interview I like I like making him take
the photo better an empty room oh no we
had to make him take the photo because
we don't have any tripods here we don't
have any tripods at our production
studio we couldn't just set the camera
on a tripod right here's the thing about
that fight though Matt Hannon has some
tactical experience because he used to
be a bodyguard yes Len is like a third
degree black now yes yes
Landon trains in martial arts all the
time still to this day lends it so
anyway right I think so yeah that's
that's the logic of not saying I would
now want to see them fight though I want
to see them partner up oh that's that
that's it who is physically larger um
bulk Matt is taller that's taller that's
more masculine head is probably more
muscular all right then I get it the one
okay more muscular now the samurai cop
back when he made the movie he was more
muscular now he's still in good shape
but he's not quite as as muscular
okay yeah
yeah did you see those photos oh yeah if
anyone really wants to see a lot of
samurai cop watches ice bucket challenge
video if you haven't seen that have you
seen that Jack no I don't you have it as
your wallpaper hit computer don't you if
you want to get at the two artifacts you
do see what happens they're worth more
now than the update I used to be only
100 bucks now a few hundred or four
hundred each or something weird oh my
fucking god
it's married one versus the entire rlm
staff you mean all of us taking him on
at once against him or as little win
one-on-one even either way he would win
absolutely 100% 100% mine wins all the
time
they both stationary yeah yeah that's
gonna be a clusterfuck there's ways
around that here's what I have here you
know you don't you know you here's that
here's the thing with with the
stationary guys now once once they go
back to their starting position after
they check something yeah they they
don't turn back around to face the way
they were facing before right so if you
can get that guy to walk out and when he
walks back he'll be facing the wall so
if you step just into his cone of sight
now and back out of that room he'll go
check on it and turn around
mmm and you can end up doing that for
both guys yeah that's a good idea that's
that's a smart idea
Oh someone's asking about the painting
the famous painting which one the the
baby painting oh I don't know what it is
we've gone over that well they don't
know I streams before okay
well it's a baby painting of me that's
rich is a baby person who made it
completely unknown
I've asked relatives nobody remembers it
might be of mystical origin it just to
be
it really is amazing that thing that
thing is still around yes that's great
but mike has a fixation that's really
the truth mike has a fixation with you
in general like if I ever move or
something weird I'll have to like fight
him to get that painting back the
painting of you the painting of me now
that I've owned since I was that well
here we go well any of the aerilon guys
be in a future London cabs and ski
joints if he asked he has not asked
isn't it why are these working on
anything but I would be honored if it
ever came up and then timing worked out
and stuff absolutely I'd be in one of
lines movies you something that's just a
dice for all I'll take it okay
okay I I drop my baby pain to the office
but simply because mike has a fixation
hey well what else am I gonna do with it
yeah they get the same thing with the
other guy it's fine you can probably
just hide on the other side of them that
the console thing a few alert you
station
okay I'm giving you tix a trip oh now
have this turn that's right that's all
right I can just fucking stand right
here and nothing Paul I didn't close the
door
you can fix that you can fix that I
didn't call her the daughter itch just
run back out I think J painted the
painting in the fourth grade that's what
happened that year that I don't remember
I went into some sort of time vortex the
bank when Rich was a baby and I painted
that picture yeah it all makes sense now
even though I am older than you
ya know when didn't do a vortex this
would have been that's why he doesn't
remember I don't remember if there's
sixth grade when you were in the fourth
ma that actually makes perfect sense
hey it said he was stationary yes
no he just walked where he's up against
the wall they go back to the where they
started from if it was one score away he
would have yeah just jump in and high
you can go back out the door or on the
other side of that thing you go back out
the door you can conveniently close it
but then yeah yeah I have to ask that
anyway okay great great great great why
can't why can't it be even with the
tiles why can't the camera not be here
not be here but being the middle so
everything is nice to me this is because
that would be weird with the walls no
that would be perfect with the walls I
want it to align I want everything to be
aligned what about what about the walls
behind I guess you could just make them
transparent but I screw you isometric is
great I dislike it yeah
hey I want that corporate say melting
those rich after space cop one of their
films would you want to act in none
because you are a professional working
actors I'm retiring you're inspiring
after space guy okay let's pair that's
fan that's here that's your opus don't
you leave the world with rich why is
your life and everything and it's so
disturbingly creepy and weird who asked
that question there's nothing creepy
unison graves women graves you should be
ashamed sorry being weird
we all have weird shit when we were kids
that's a normal thing I'm sorry my life
has been so much more interesting than
yours no space got to there probably
will not be a space gap - unless someone
just pulls up in a giant truck full of
cash and dumps it on us the lesson
learned from space cop is don't do
sci-fi yeah my lesson is don't make
space go
stealing everything yeah I did have an
idea that this is going back to way
earlier when someone was asking about
the rlm Arkady volume 2 DVD it really
said not bad but a different DVD that's
an anthology where mike rich and myself
each go off and we make our own short
film like 25 minutes or so and then we
have a little wraparound thing that
connects them all the DVD of an
anthology DVD or we all go off and make
our own short films that are completely
unrelated and we don't work on them with
each other and just see what happens and
see if you can stick to bigger maybe
like an interesting experiment yeah I
mean it'd be an anthology they don't
have to connect necessarily but it would
be better than some sort of intertwining
theme and instead of just going into one
after the other you found then you found
another way to cut them together Oh will
I come back and forth between there oh
that would be really tricky doing this
that's mine would suck so bad oh shit a
lot of money I got it all all right I
got it all right then close that door
what'd I tell you about the stationery
girls away that's a great way to do it
yeah I didn't even know you can do that
rich Evans please Louise the man he's
the man you talk to when you're when
you're breaking into a building
oh there's two guys in here are we gonna
do any more commentary track so we'd
like to yes eventually we will well
probably we should do to the second
alien vs. predator movie I don't think
any of us have you ever seen a rich no
no I've never so good none of us have
seen that I didn't I didn't see the
first one why do I get it I get to the
first one I take that back you know you
saw before we we watched it before the
commentary
yeah watched it once straight through
because Mike I slobbers once before that
I saw the theater unfortunately no and
then I hadn't seen it since but yeah
I've heard the second one is it's
r-rated so it supposed to be
and I don't know a lot about it because
I don't care all right didn't care now
I'm more curious but at the time I
didn't care when it came out
wait that was the objective I got the
objective
now the objective okay sorry it's okay
video game world
okay
okay all right everything's good
you know I got a ton of money but yeah
there's extra parts of the map to
explore well you're a little arm one
normally I'd chastise you for that but
yeah you got time now yeah yeah yeah no
I mean if I can get a couple extra
hundred bucks I can get some more shit
yeah you've been proving me wrong so far
jack with my competence yes your mild
competence my my I thought you would
just be dumb and bad they're not quite
as genre bad they're probably another
camera on the other wall oh sure I'll
turn her and I just
oh wait what's was there always a door
to there's a door there to I don't need
it I want to see if I can get in here
and see if there's anything first before
I before I'm really dumb yeah I don't
like fucking around those day ones yeah
yeah close that door
alright let's see if we can get him here
now
especially if you go through all the
trouble to get in there it's just like a
console to hack right oh yeah there are
but that's okay right over here yes I
can hide behind this treadmill that I
should not be able to hide behind I'm a
really good spy okay well someone asked
about a commentary track for Ghost
Busters I don't think we would ever do
that because the entire commentary would
be this seems great yeah this seems
really great too man isn't this movie
fun this is this a great movie there's
so many good quotes in this book and
then we were just start saying the
quotes yeah yeah and that would be the
commentary track oh I was here I went
for it three by three was it worth it no
not really no no I don't know half
fucking whatever I'm getting out here
I'm getting out of here all right all
right mr. man pants Jack can't get on a
roof there are no roofs oh no that's
right that's why I'm doing so bad at the
game there and over there are no roofs
how am I supposed to be good at this
game earthern Oh Mike what is it oh
there's a camera I'm sure I was citizen
grapes we did a commentary track for
Ghostbusters too you can find it on
their Bandcamp page we actually did it
shortly after harold ramis died which
maybe isn't bad taste but it was it it
was right after he died was it rest in
peace
we were all in a Ghostbusters movie
that's true so we wanted to watch the
one that sucked and shit on it not want
me on someone we have stuff to say about
it exactly like I said is the first one
all you would be doing was Sam and it
was great so there's there's things to
discuss with ghostbusters do have you
heard the new news on ghostbusters
ladies the the the reboot or third one
or whatever it's gonna be now it might
be an all-female Ghostbusters which
honestly like it's still something about
any new Ghostbusters yeah bad idea but
that at least says a slightly different
spin to it I still don't care but yeah
yeah exactly at least it would be kind
of different I guess I don't know how to
do that
what can I go here no I'm still from
something you're trying to do yeah all
right then I wait gremlins 2 is a
perfect sequel gremlin soon that's the
most insane and amazing sequel you could
possibly get J is alone I think in this
opinion but in this maybe in this room
maybe no other people think it's great
wait are you saying that gremlins 2
isn't great I don't like it I like I
like the dark tone in the first one the
dark yet comical sure I could answer so
we're doing to see a sequel that just
tries to replicate that or would you
want to see one that goes out of their
way to insult everything that made the
first one great when I was young I just
wanted to see them replicate that maybe
I was wrong okay but I hated that movie
as a kid for not being gremlins one oh I
guess I can understand that but it's so
especially now looking back like it's
you know you don't get sequels like that
again yeah I don't get sequels it I mean
it is a risk the entire movie like the
idea of making something like that it's
a fun movie yeah but just making fun the
merchandising there's everything that
made the first one memorable and good
the second one just shits on
yeah no it's great I think that's an
interesting way to take it instead of
just a standard seek or the gremlins
show up in another town I respect your
opinion
mmm tremors - the tremor during their
worse - Ashly isn't that bad
have you ever seen it I do fucking
gorgeous that's one with mini trim yeah
yeah yeah I didn't like that cuz I was
kind of like oh they saw Jurassic Park
that is not as cool as the larger no no
no but it also was a direct-to-video
sequel so they had a quarter of the
budget how cool is it but yeah but Fred
Ward was the main character of it
the second one and I like that cos Fred
words great so I'm a third they made a
third and a fourth and the fourth is set
in the Old West
what yep oh and they're working on 1/5
1/5 or a reboot probably a reboot
1/5 really big you know why my good
friend Bobby turn up turn was up for a
second lead really yep
it was between him and a friend of his
both in the same theater company okay
and he was down to the wire they went
with the other guy but he was ready red
and kind of a bopped Turton in a tremors
movie lobby sure it would be great into
tremors maybe great in any movie that's
very true he might still be in more
movies tell him that I hae be in movies
you know who agrees with you the most
Bobby turn on weird that's what we were
talking about over the weekend he was
talking about the tremors 5 audition oh
that's great
I have played the Ghostbusters videogame
and I I loved it it's it's better than
any kind of Ghostbusters 3 they're gonna
throw together whoopee yeah yeah I've
seen videos on YouTube of the game yeah
where it's all the you know not the
plane parts but the just them bantering
bus that's the good stuff yeah it was
neat
it's like getting a job with the
Ghostbusters yeah okay now now we're
ready
bigger both got pickpocket and they both
got a bunch of moving the points not
your son that was it now we're set
because we're still playing a video game
how we reach always that always uh it
always amuses me how little we talk
about the video game but really it's
just background noise sure we if you
have anything like to sit near you I
don't think you wanna say about the game
coach I mean I'm talking about tremors
more we made a whole video about what we
think about this yes this is just us
enjoying it so a spoiler alert if you
haven't seen the most recent previously
recorded rich and I really like this
game security dispatch what does
security dispatch to a high level item
oh good let's go there one time right it
skipped cutscene
there's no cutscene it's just a lady
talking but that's that's as close to a
cutscene isn't getting those that I
skipped it taken drew and I don't know
how much more story is going to be in
the final product I don't think there
needs to be a story yeah there's there's
a bunch of things that they need to
tighten and there's a there's a bunch
more variety that's needed I think I
think more context of what you're doing
and why are you doing it would be good
though and that's not necessary from you
perform any was not necessary for you
yeah I do I do this by story unless
they're integrated perfectly with the
game um for me like comparing this to
something like an FTL which is also you
know like you know your random stuff
random stuff
the thing that makes FTL different is
every run is a new tactic you know like
depending on the weapon drops that you
get depending on how much scrap you get
it's a new tactic every single time
I'll wrapped around the same game
mechanics in this game I find myself
falling into the same tactic every
single time I play yeah so I get a
little bored in the long run because you
know it's like of course I'm gonna go
with pickpocket and extra movement
points every time we're gonna kind of
play the same way even though the levels
are different yeah
so some variety in items that's that's a
fair critique yeah hey hey
thank you all right all right
let's get this party started ha yeah
what time is it even is it late for tea
it's only 8:40 it feels like it's super
cold out here only three hours that's
true you know what that's true
I should not have walked in that was a
dumb idea was that dark I did that once
just a beep save and like three guys
walk and it's staring right at me
that's the thing take your time somehow
though I got through the fucking mission
the guards will see you alright but I
have a good hiding spot I feel good
about my hiding spot and I can get I'm
good
international over here and that's a
good idea if someone comes in this door
they probably won't see if they come in
this door the private ones here ok and
you're a pretty seedy looking fellow
rich that's sleepy I don't think I know
what CD Baby yeah that's probably the
last thing I would ever describe you as
ugly see I'm not sure about CD
CD I think they're trying to say that
your you look like you look suspicious
yesterday
I'm so sure you want mustard

[Part II]
that's not I got a plan I got a plan I
got a plan
rich I was not liking Buster just
turning on both Facebook and doing it
right now
rich what is your opinion on bacon
everyone loves bacon everyone loves
bacon
I know multiple vegetarians or they
always say if I were to eat a meat of
course it would in the past card lottery
yep rich what's the best full season of
TNG the old boom three or four that's
usually the best season of any show for
whatever reason it always seems like
that's when it Peaks arabe yeah they
work the bugs out and I'm gonna fine
tune it yeah and then they've done
everything they can by the end of three
or four and that's where things get
tricky how do we keep this fresh yeah oh
how about another little kid oh we just
got rid of our little kid shit I like
season 2 more than most people and I
find dr. Pulaski to be infinitely more
interesting than dr. crusher pressure
always just comes off as being so stupid
what this kids like fit as dr. crusher I
am doing smart with the stress bad soap
opera actress to be good she's got the
whole she's got the whole Picard thing
Pulaski had a much better relationship
with a card okay right but that's the
whole point of dr. crusher is like is
star-crossed lovers that never paid off
they had bad chemistry they did have bad
chemistry that's true that is true
that way for this card to go get out
here guard
all right all right we got this now
which is this generations rich little
with them impressions see oh I already
stole from hitting that's right
sneaky little spy have you got them
farther than Richton I haven't been
paying attention so this is the third
level and I think we said I think I died
on the I think I died on the floor which
died on the fourth so it's it's possible
that I might you're you're you're in
better shape Magus I was saving money
for the Nanofab machine to get items
well you already have your characters
leveled off the privates yeah yeah like
twice as much movement as I did when I
died
someone's asking about the Bill and Ted
movies do you guys like Bill and Ted
yeah yeah yeah they're fine movies I
love the second one the second one is so
bizarre
yeah like Ramones to where it's just
like a completely batshit take on on the
first one yeah it's really creative it's
a better movie that the first one is a
little more generic comedy not really
generic I guess they are time-traveling
but compared to the second one it feels
more normal it's been so long since I've
seen the first one I might agree with
you yeah but I want to see the first one
again tomorrow and confirm that okay the
second one is pretty damn good though
the second one is just so creative and
all these creature designs and William
Sadler is the grim reaper area yes it's
really good yeah they're doing the
Seventh Seal but they're playing like a
clue yes our movie I really like that
with me a lot bogus charity and they
have like the Android replacements hey
babes we're gonna build good robot
version of the most evil movement parts
from like a hardware store yes
you know what imagination yes yes it's a
very imaginative sequel I think both
movies even the first one but our son is
- yeah it's it's a pretty generic like
looks like we have Toit has art history
right teenagers go over their head yeah
they're out of their element to do
something but they put a new twist on it
time-travel right yeah and George Carlin
and George Carlin can't go wrong he
makes everything better
yes yes that's a simple statement yep
where can you go you get in there she
can get out yeah she can't she can't she
can steal from him and hide not that way
though you've already sold for me no I
stole from him okay here's a really
important thing with this game like you
need to if ya don't run it in front of
their line of sight accidentally right
like you need to pick your path properly
there we go all right suppose that dark
do you have enough to get back behind
that console if you steal from it uh
yeah okay yeah barely barely barely
risky maneuver yeah yeah you know what
it was did I don't know if I can prove
fully of that I mean it works yeah I
guess you'll have to okay well you did
it doesn't mean I have to approve it it
was just an unsanctioned action he's
gone rogue
I move Deckard over here he'll see me
yeah
unless it turns the other way well
captain neckbeard was George Carlin and
the Dukes of Hazzard movie I never saw
it cuz know what I barely Nelson was in
it not well maybe George going was that
you didn't amusing George Carlin was
only Nelson or I'm doing it to be funny
maybe but they are different people very
different people I think maybe maybe he
had a cameo and it just like doesn't
make everything better he would make
that movie better yes yeah if he showed
if I was watching the Dukes of Hazzard
movie with Johnny Knoxville yeah and
George Carlin showed up I'd say oh I
suddenly care yes for that what however
long he is on screen for absolutely and
then I would go back to not paying
attention to the movie here's here's a
question not that they ever should but
could they even remake villain 10 today
whatever they have a different means of
time dress everybody watching it will be
like what's a phonebook yeah I wish
defeats the entire purpose yes which I
want to say was it Bill and Ted there's
some time travel movie worthy or no I
think I'm gonna bend back to the future
where the original idea was that the
time travel device was gonna be a
refrigerator back to the future was that
back in the future and all those
refrigerator or a hot tub no it was a
refrigerator because then the producers
were worried that kids would be locking
themselves in refrigerator I want to sit
back to the future okay that sounds
right yeah you can you may like what a
different movie that would have been you
have to take him out she's got no
movement points I know I know but I I
fucking can because this cars gonna come
back Oh Oh everybody Jack's mother died
oh I thought it was you camera uses
cloak I just used it I know I used his
cloak to scout the room so the camera
wouldn't spot me as he cloak this term
as he cloak down no okay
your fuck yeah Terry fuck yeah you know
he's got he's got them the Med gel yeah
hide him absolutely I am revive her and
you're right by the exit
yep oh I'm not going for the exit I'm
gonna revive her and keep going hey all
right
okay Jack's gonna lose what's on this
what song is love oh I forgot yeah yeah
I'm gonna move here I'm at yeah wait
wait wait wait wait I can't can't go
there I could go here but then that
guard will see me obviously but he's not
as over one is this something you just
want to do on your own
oh yeah I mean you have an idea would
you want my plan oh here it is everybody
this this is the question do i do i wan
which evidences plan I'm gonna say yes I
mean he probably has the good plan
yes yes okay I don't know for sure if
he's gonna have enough movement to pull
this off okay half decker run okay so go
to Decker well tell me what the plan is
for i want i want to side okay that's
fine that's my first half decker run
then have him knock out that guy there
yeah then have him run over the door
shut the door move one tile out of the
way then run her up to the door and have
her go on overwatch Oh My Jesus rich
that's kind of brilliant that's my plan
that's a great plan I'm running
okay yep knock his ass out run over here
now you either either either move him
over or cuz that other guy in the other
room now he actually might come to
investigation so you might be better off
hiding Deckard in the other room and
dragging this lady pants in the other
room with you sure cuz I can both reach
that room but that's that's your call
wait what oh this guy in this room here
yeah he heard that yeah he's gonna
investigate so you can either hide
decorative here or you can run decorate
and miss lady pants into that room and
then go on over watch from the other
side of that door
those are your options okay that's who
those are good option yeah all right
let's do that
all right Deckard yeah you got those
little points
that door yeah
or watch
okay all right let's see what happens
let's see the carnage initial cameras oh
yeah investigate all you want you know
okay okay right now we're gonna go all
up to you
we're gonna do a little more exploring
yes they're coming in here yes they are
they're coming in here I want it I want
it I want this movie I want something
worth it that's what's that a safe sure
that's gonna be working for me that's
something that's what's a man 230 eyes
high that's something shut that door
okay lady pants I like how rich is
acting like he's been playing this game
all his life while Jack is playing him
for the first time right now uh richest
bit rich plays these kind of games more
often than I do
Oh check this out yeah okay
okay
I bet as well okay all right you know I
I'm an action gamer I I like the the
muscle memory this is the shootie pow
pow and Oh Jackie are you doing I'm
doing I'm doing fine I feel like I'm
doing fine
listen that's the room
what's the room that's the room where
your things I have I can tell the one in
here yeah what thinking oh my god oh oh
that's right the high level item yeah
it's gonna be in the red door that's
gonna be in there in the red door
yeah oh I have the thing yeah great
great Mac likes games with grooves
I do like games or throws you know why
that's the best strategy okay open the
door with her first so you can just see
it on pac-man just gonna be a safe oh
you can't see it her money okay
Deckard you're just gonna hang out there
and hope he doesn't come in I'm
imagining rich going to the bathroom
with Jack and looking over his shoulder
at the urinal and directing the action
you know what that's a weird thing to
admit but man out there it's been an
evening of people saying weird things I
guess I am bemused
get the magic item magic item volt
disrupter three armor-piercing - knocks
a guard up for four turns all right
that's pretty good yeah like that I'll
take that all right now we're getting
the fuck out of here
so Deckard this guy is gonna come here
and investigate this theoretically
saying this for the stream if I move
Deckard over here he might not see me he
might not
I could zap him but I think I want to
save my SAP oh I want to I want to
interject your own you're not kind of
coming oh sure rich rich cannot not
backseat play Kenny I asked Jack that's
right times if you wanted my advice yeah
that was that was consensual
rich rich was a gentleman we went on a
carriage ride and then he gently' a
backseat game to me damn it right here
okay okay all right lady fans damn movie
already all right all right
investigating right now you're facing
towards a wall where you going next
though are you gonna stay right there
great oh that's perfect this is perfect
this is gonna work okay lady lady can go
right old lady can go oh well maybe lady
can go right here and he'll walk right
past yeah yeah oh wait are you going
you're going right there I got nothing
oh wait we don't know where he's going
next unless he's the one that's gonna
check out that room that's possibility -
I'm not sure damn it
right Oh lady can go all the way over
here and that won't help whatever
look dude the question mark thing over
that guy's head see if the guy in the
room with Deckard someone that's gonna
check out that thing see where he's
going doesn't tell you look at him if
you should it's hunting there's no
arrows oh so they both have exclamation
points I would assume that he's the one
coming over here yeah but I don't know I
don't know but that means this guy's
just standing here
okay so I could hide here and both of
either one of them would pass by me ah
but then I'm further away uh yeah
yeah I I don't know what to tell you
that's okay I don't know either way I'm
getting out of this room yeah close that
door if I want to play it safe I would
hide here and let them pass me if I
wanted to if I assume that this is the
guy going to this one I can go here and
get a little more movement points but if
it's this guy that's checking it out
he'll see me right away I'm Finn is that
guy see you if you're up against that
door you can always just close the door
on his face that's true and they know
you're there anyway
great yeah okay Deckard though he can
run right past this fucker where am I
going
there's the elevator okay great great
great there's no point closing for
anyone who's interested there was no
point closing the door cuz this guys
coming out anyway yeah once they're
agitated they leave doors open it yeah
so okay here we go let's see what
happens Oh miniature going forward
this is kind I don't know does it see me
hey well not over yet
fuck oh yeah no it's not over yet I can
zap them yeah
what was he he was supposed to go this
way fuck you fucker okay alright sheep
yeah I mean I have to zap oh she might
be able to make it one step through the
door without getting shocked why can't
his Apple why I mean no way you wouldn't
have to waste movement to get over there
hey yeah no I mean okay
that's what I should be able to sample
this one I can't well she oh she can't
because she's looking right at you can't
zap them on right now when they're right
in your face and looking at you and
aiming their gun I'll find Deckard then
come here you have your zappy
somebody's saying game over yeah
I came over yet not just yet you're
alive somehow you can still get back in
that room yeah oh yeah and I got this
and international can get oh no no no no
no this way international oh I guess I
could
Oh Internationl can make it all the way
to the fucking elevator yeah she could
which I want to does Decker have a cloak
to give to give to her to use no I mean
to use yeah get to get to the elevator
yeah yeah okay okay check this out
that's fun I'm getting the fuck out of
here
in the fuck out of Dodge whoop-whoop
enter yeah I just moved okay that's a
Juggalo thing is I know all about that
boo Boop yeah that's what they say to
each other is it that's what that's what
we say to each other
Juggalos okay use coke coke used Jack
you did it I did it you did it I did it
I took a big leap in it was that what
level four that was little three sorry
okay if I could make it past the next
level I'm the thief returns for all time
and that was just me running I
definitely would have died okay upgrades
it's like it doesn't even matter not
really I have all the stuff I want hey
personally I'd save it in case of found
a good item yeah
yeah they both can pickpocket and they
both have a hot the highest movement
points boss no international hacking is
not bad yeah did you get more power from
hacking consoles and she can tackle our
concept yeah yeah okay alright oh oh we
got some more I got some more missions
detention center fuck that vestibule
what's a vestibule Oh nanofied oh no no
that that's the the machine that gives
you good items as far as people saying
this game isn't that enough not violent
enough for them you can buy guns and
kill people
and you you can hack turrets and turn
the turrets on to shoot at enemies if so
there is violence we just haven't been
pertaining at him I did a run once where
I got a gun early on yeah and I try I
tried a hundred percent violence wrong
yeah where it's just like I shoot it I
got a gun and extra ammo yeah and I just
shot everyone I came across lost
instantly the alarm goes up there's a
there's a an upgrade that when you kill
people the alarm doesn't go off that
would so if you have that that's easier
to do that's the problem everything to
kill someone
the to make everything harder alarm goes
up ah and so yeah there's ways around
your point that one is to try and be
more stuff right you want to be a sneaky
look I'd rather play a game where you
just shoot everyone all the time though
okay sure sure
like what are good games to just shoot
everyone all the time literally every
other day DuckTales everyone although
you will not have a problem finding a
game where you shoot everyone I don't
know that seems really uncommon in video
okay do I want to go don't want to go
for a nano do I want to go for a Nanofab
or a detention center
he personally is okay this is your call
so so then the question is but go down
oh wait wait your credits that's the
thing all right detention detention
attentions heavily guarded all right the
other two very guarded very guarded on
the sides there's no other one should
even look at oh yeah those snuck a
server farm and server farm all right
I've had a lot of money I could use
another player they'll be your odds of
kidding I'm gonna Clare are low but
that's Sam yeah yeah yeah that's the
mission I got killed on is the detention
center it's right so don't want to avoid
it in hopes of beating you or do I want
to show you up even more you want to
show me up I know I am I going for the
mission that you failed
and a fab I mean I'm gonna try to show
you they're all Kristen hi okay all
right okay rich is gonna give me really
bad advice
Jack you should run every turn
Ron every turn we're gonna get it done
as fast as possible you're absolutely
right oh oh oh this is one with the
droids what's that that's a robot you
haven't seen them I haven't seen that
before
oh you're in for a treat Oh does not
detect sound electrical attacks do you
know damn it you can't knock them out
though you have a gun with high
armor-piercing you could kill them you
can have them
oh I just got access to all the security
doors oh okay you can hack them but it
only lasts for one term chair and you'll
see if you haven't played on these
levels before you probably haven't seen
the sound bugs before you see that see
that red glowing ripple yeah that's a
sound bug if you run near that it'll
alert the guards that something's going
on this so it's like it's like a
microphone sure clucking hey you can
hang up yeah okay I don't know if it's
worth even having it I hacked it alright
alright that's a robot
of course you don't what's this
okay but I don't know hey that's my I
ever what
ready ready that you saw you
yeah in the starting room Oh Jack it's
okay cuz I'm a dummy you knew he was in
there I fuck you knew he was in there oh
I'm a big dummy
yes you are you might want to move her
to I can't oh oh she's at about that
point you might get lucky
you might get lucky he might not go over
further up see her she could still be
uncover guys I'm sorry I'm a big dummy
oh hello looks like an objective that's
convenient
alright okay alright
he doesn't see her
doesn't see air yet how can she move
there she can move various great okay
that just gets her out of his way and
and I can move here yeah fucking hell
great this is just great you get you can
cloak him and run him in yeah yeah
that's what I would have to do fuck
she's she's probably safe yeah I think I
might hide her behind the door okay hold
on running it oh wait got closed that
door runnin
I want to get too far away from this
console actually I could probably just
go cuz I'm sure here turn
hello yes okay but actually I'm just
gonna stay
hi Corinne ah fuck another derp guy as
well hack right away
get him oh fucking hell I don't know who
you are but if you get me out you won't
regret it
he has wealthy benefactors it may be
worth our while to help him laughs fuck
I don't care about that shit I wanted
another agent so I should just be able
to stay here and walk right past me
pretend it was it sorry I guess I could
move over what happened man that does
man there might I can move this good
what happened wait where you I am moving
or not moving I'm not moving I'm fine
what was the question
nothing everything's good you sure it's
something like it no I came over there
huh why did you remember there because
he's gonna come in and look over here
she's just stick glue and cover over
there okay you got a hundred eighty
degrees and cover okay well that's great
the way you don't want to be his next to
that door because he's gonna peek out
once they do the check he's gonna look
either way yeah if she's next to the
door this is all father's me ball games
like this
it's well with if you understand the
rules of the game it makes perfect sense
no but in real life if you look through
the door it's here here and not here
ducking behind the thing you do know
what you're looking at is not real life
though right
this isn't security camera footage he
thinks he's playing a murder some you
okay
it's like XCOM office space yes yeah
yeah let's that's fair
oh look he didn't even need anyone he
might oh shit he's got another turn to
go he's still to see it says stationary
but I think he's moving fucking this guy
oh oh he's going back he's going back
this is the thing about this game very
tense you can get there but if you can
get through this with the prisoner I'll
give you total props yeah okay well you
know what I have the prisoner already I
just need nine exit nine oh okay what
are we gonna do here Deckard you got you
got all the world to hide in we don't
know where he's gonna get though oh here
yeah we could probably get away with
going here from wait I don't want you
you know you don't know what I'm gonna
give you the bad advice all right oh yes
Angry Robot Master goes away that seems
to be his new stationary spot great so
we need him to move yes we do get just
barely in a site near the bottom corner
right give and move down there there
they go
yes that's what rich Evans would do all
right
unless I'm giving you the bad advice now
you're giving me the bad advice so
theoretically he'll just go there and
stay staring at the corner in theory yes
so I'm gonna take a little bit of a risk
here
this guy has shit movement yes he does
so if I move him here he's in plain
sight but if the guard doesn't turn
around it doesn't matter yes all right
normally I would like moving here so he
stays in cover in case the guard turns
around but last time the guards just
states there at the corner so I'm gonna
I'm gonna hope that that's what happens
this time okay lady fans let's plan
that's the plan see let's see what a
robot pants is doing well that's okay
that's okay no that's okay he'll go
right past me I want to be on it doesn't
matter which side of the door I'm on
right well he's deed makes a little
right out of the door so I wouldn't be
on that side actually
I have enough to get now that's a dumb
idea okay nevermind I'm gonna go okay
and this side and you can see what's in
that room too
I came from that no didn't I I don't
know oh yeah that's yes sir yeah okay
all right that's fine that's fine
okay okay okay getting real get real
getting real
I'm level one that's nothing
oh look I guess there was nothing I'll
just stare in this corner he was a
naughty boy now go stand in the corner
honestly that's ridiculous okay okay
okay wait you can hack the robots
why don't you only get them for a turn
for one turn yes so I mean something
they only have like two mo slots so I
mean give them to shoot at something
else twice oh they're out of bullets
they will still alert rival to your
presence but they won't be able to shoot
you good to know
all right we're gonna do where's she
going her my plan with ladypants
go over here check out what's in this
door then go over here and hide behind
this for when the robot comes back I
didn't shut the door
not super happy about that because there
could be something over here but we got
to keep looking for stuff well you can
get in their head I could yeah I could
get a headband head goodbye I want yeah
but I want to I want to see what's in
CalPERS okay what's this use that a
console to increase the amount of power
generated by one no that's good for her
dad yeah that's great
it's like I really want to see what's in
these rooms to see where these guys are
going okay all right man pants now he's
still in there mate well but man pants
just could be right here because this
guy's not going anywhere right
somebody's saying not true they have a
limited animal no you're wrong I've made
robots run out of ammo a pickpocket I've
done this before
oh I stole your money great you put them
right in front of the door where she'll
be able to move for further
Jerry you're right you're absolutely
right okay
here we go
robot goes out now yeah
robot hangs out there and that's a fine
place to hang out so now now is hard we
get to the tricky part no no no so the
plan is prisoner who has very little
movement can move fuck no I can't
so the plan is Deckard moves in here the
robot comes in we hack him then the
prisoner uh you get the rope well I'd
get the prisoner out first in that one
corner I can't get the prisoner here oh
he can't move get that far how far gonna
get you can't be can only get he'll hey
you know oh yeah yeah shit movement oh I
could get the prisoner over here let the
robot go back that's a good plan well no
cuz he's right next to that Doris he's
only gonna have further to move in the
next turn if you put him there yeah but
I can get him out here hack the robot in
it and lately get him somewhere you know
like yeah he's got shit movement get him
here
Deckard here close that door just in
case that guard decides to move I could
even get Deckard all the way in here
might be a bad idea that might be a
terrible idea you can hide them behind
that one thing next to the robot is for
where's that that deal there you put
them there here yeah
alright should run should go right past
them yeah you should
it's your call that's that's tricky
though we don't know which way the robot
turns left or right if everyone turns
right it'll be fine if it turns left you
might see him I'm gonna I'm gonna play
it safe but he's going into that room
that you're enough Rowan's coming here
yeah why would he turn this turn around
oh no no no no no you don't think they I
don't think so okay that might be bad
advice I'm gonna play safe okay I'm
gonna play safe I mean that's Jack I do
what you will I will I will do it I will
I just gotta find that elevator that's
my only goal in life is to find that
elevator guards over here okay all right
come on digger you can do this
right I already hacked that that's fine
okay close that door
okay well maybe we can see what's in
here I need to see if the elevators over
here
not the elevator you're looking for no
right that's the bad guy yep no there's
so this that's dead end
that's not what we're going for though
okay but that's good to know that's good
to know that's a dead end
so that means what we're looking for is
over here somewhere and my guess is if
the guards are over here well right
randomly generated it could be in that
room in the other side of hers right in
there yeah you don't know but then again
as Mario Maria 42 says rich doesn't want
you to go further than him so it's true
I don't know how much you can I just
don't know looks benign
I even make it over yes
come on elevator come on elevator come
on elevator fuck come on what is this oh
this is the weight does not stick sound
that's the different as ultram oh
fucking fuck oh fuck ah okay that's fine
that's fine rich Evans confirmed
saboteur and bad friend fYI the Cubs
lost good I mean I'll be over here right
because this this remote oh this room
has a door in it I know he moves so slow
and I'll have to hack the drone the ones
yeah
probably this turn and I can hack him
from anywhere right no I have to be
close
yep see him I see him okay so I'll have
to get Deckard over here hack the drone
I can well can you get the prisoner
behind that door now uh no no can you
getting it on behind the console I could
but like what I'll produce just move the
prisoner here hack the drone then we'll
get another turn in which one two three
four five I can get the prisoner into
this door then you can put him behind
that console I could does hacking the
drone alert it you want you don't want
him to see it if he sees you before you
hack it there'll be an alert and the
alarm will go up yeah but I can't put AB
right in the middle of the room then I
guess you if you have to roll out this
term yeah I'm moving the prisoner here I
move Deckard over here here I'll start
Deckard if Decker needs to come back
this way any man right it's a move
Deckard here Hey sneak look at the robot
I'm not going to tell you what to do
don't tell me what to do not gonna grab
this okay
okay so ja I can shakes he has this can
you power despair that might not be just
constantly happy in might not be the
worst thing and now I can take the
prisoner and just move plum in the
middle of the room because that robots
not going anywhere you can move the
robot further away - what do you mean I
can you can like just movie Higgins
yours.you oh really yeah look on
uh-huh-huh so you can move Decker out of
the way and I can start moving the robot
I'm into that other room I think I
remember the robot enter this room uh
well you might need to go that way
oh that's really funny that's really
fine that's great
okay so then Deckard over here
and then I can move the robot oh that's
super hilarious and close the door ooh
he made noise the robot makes noise and
the fucking yeah rich Evans see this is
not my fault this is a little bigger
fall you can get out of the situation
with that that guards gonna go to check
on that noise here it's Connor he heard
the robot the one end of the prison room
thank ya no I can't I have no moral
movement points for this guy well he can
he can go behind the console he gets one
movement before you get shot once where
he fits one square you can actually move
him right behind that console and he
won't get shot ah but you're gonna have
to deal with him you might need to hack
the robot haven't you robot come in and
shoot the guard
I hope Deckard is gonna hide well let's
deal with other things first lady baby
fan nicely done a red she didn't suspect
a thing I swear to god that was nothing
trying to screw you I didn't realize
that the robot would would make garter
learning noises
what's the fucking point in hacking them
this is the robots oh well yeah I'm
moving the robot apparently is the same
thing as running ok noted noted wrote it
these are the things you learn I did not
I swear to God I did not know I believe
and I feel bad a few loose bits ok
that's ok
what the fuck is this elevator this
might be it this could be in like 8
doors yeah no there's this whole area
that I don't want to go through ok what
can I do here what can I do here does
this guy have nothing this guy has
nothing there's gonna be somebody else
and there's gonna be some blood ok I
might might see the first bit of
violence in this game
alright let's see what happens or you
just leave the prisoner to die and leave
I mean we have them I know I would feel
a lot better
okay okay so now we can take the
prisoner he can safely go down yeah
this location is hidden yes damn it they
got away he's just he's right there guy
I don't know if there's any chance of
getting Deckard in there and next to him
you can either do that or you could go
and hack the robot to have the robot
shoot ya dekaranger those are your two
options Deckard can go and zap them I
would rather have Deckard zap him yeah
okay okay I have to have the prisoner
close the door yeah
fuck uh you know is the prisoner should
go and we should move the prisoner yeah
whatever you wish
one thing yeah I'm gonna bow how many
now sure you keep looking for an
elevator all this shit's going around
there's just nothing in it might be
enough there might be nothing in there
there is that's just that's just the
laser walls into nothing that's I've
seen that like two or three times but
the fuck you know what though Jack what
you can try to guy you knock down into
one of those look oh there it is there
you go there it is then that's the exit
okay this is totally doable tense okay
super super tense here's what we do we
need ladypants
are you still talking about the game
I just meant he just wants lady pants
just in general I mean I'm you know
learned a the form-fitting they look
good okay okay okay okay
the robot is back on Patrol yes this is
the other thing we need to worry about
you get hack it again yeah Deckard can
Decker can just go in there and hack it
this guy is down now for how many turns
six
that true exam for six turns oh yeah
yeah this is the captain he goes down
for six turns but when he goes down
other people actually go to check on him
right oh yeah that's right that's what I
have to worry about nobody out checking
out okay well I think the robot might be
the one doing the checking that would be
great let's hope that's a I don't I
don't know I know
well either way I'm gonna get you might
want to just start getting him on there
yeah Idaho's good yeah yeah okay good I
can go in there we're gonna hack that
robot again
okay I just can we're gonna close that
door get out of the way
like I want to move the robot know what
the answer is no but someone's coming in
here so the smart thing might just be to
hide the prisoner back here no okay
who's going in here all right who's
gonna hear this is you know this is this
is a wait and see what happens okay
we're gonna give this another turn
ladypants is gonna get a little closer
cuz then we'll have her zapper which
will probably need whatever Oh God yeah
there's two question marks now why is it
two question marks now I don't know
because somebody's alerted to noise or
somesuch and the question marks for the
guards like the hood monitor the
whatever it is right people check out
the guard right right
okay that's fine ah maybe it's just I'm
doing this you don't even know how much
I got it which do I need open I need
these open no I don't even need
thumbs-up it fuck everything's great we
just need to fund these guys yeah yeah
but I need international I need that
extra maybe oh and that's fine
cuz now that we see it we can hack it
okay okay that's fine I was actually
really hoping your pool about running
out of juice I got 12 I know but it's
two for every firewall yeah so basically
you have six hacks okay okay that's fine
that's fine that's all we need okay
that's all we need this is great this is
perfect okay so hack this yeah start
let's start moving that guy absolutely
this is the plan this is totally gonna
work
this is totally gonna work with doing
this guy's I'm gonna be rich Evans is
this J is sleeping right now
that's my everything's I'm sleeping yeah
that's right okay it does a game stream
I mean I don't think anybody cares about
that no no you guys are done do I keep
playing okay great I'm gonna go back to
sleep
and now we just wait that's all we need
to do that's can close it up indoors
yeah okay fucking fucking shit and we
cuz agar can't get past that robot okay
now nice lady
oh I'm check there's that robot do we
sell that uh no okay so then we just act
again and hack again and we see how far
that prisoner can get to run alone you
do that one more time that's okay that's
all we need that's all we needed what's
the fucking doors you can absolutely
this is all we need
it's like no Deckard has enough to get
through right first Deckard's yeah
Decker has enough movement to get thrown
one and wanna go I'd move that one robot
as far away from you as I could to just
so he's not in your way
this one no no no no I'm not moving him
anymore no more klinke oh okay okay no
more a good boy good boy
no more clanky I learned from my
mistakes the only thing I worry about is
like if this robot clicks on is he gonna
make an alarm when he sees this guy but
that doesn't matter when he's hack so
he's not gonna turn around right okay I
don't think Adam that's it happens
great oh fucking great this is totally
working okay and boom and boom getting
out of here
well whoa too many hotkeys the hotkeys
are hot
essentially can't hack anything else
that's fine I don't need to hack and I
know I know that's fine I'm fine with
that
okay come here you might you might
regret that the next mission what do you
mean you something you're a wacky
playing after this hack points crossover
yes oh hey don't refresh oh I did not
know that well whatever I got out of
this mission that's all that out all
that I care about
okay okay go Decker Go Go Decker go shut
that door focus focus and there's a
fruit fly in here oh god I mean nuts
sorry Jay drive me bonkers things are
chugging look at the chug-chug-chug I'll
fuck out my computer's hot
okay okay good okay everybody's good
everybody's good fucking go you know
what I think one of the problems in this
game is but Holmes gave it a lick hour
hour and a half hour we've been at this
three hours who won back well but you
played a game I played again oh well we
started six and it's like we've almost
been three hours each ah no couple hours
each
we've only been ages I'm saying I'm my
only point is it hurts that much more
when you die yeah yeah it's not like I
don't know here's an hour whatever this
this is painful watch you watch you
you've got a couple hours in and you
lose yeah but you're gonna lose I'm just
saying in general he's gonna lose I
think that I mean I'm gonna lose just
gonna make it up I'm proud of the boy
I'm gonna make it out of this level I'm
gonna make it out of this level
possibly
oh there's nobody in here oh oh oh the
robot that's okay okay okay
I want a peek I have I thank you yeah
fuck
well drop my move extra trouble levels
and you know I've what I'm gonna yeah
it's fine how's that dark okay okay come
on
shim Hana everybody oh it's probably a
camera yeah I'm gonna have Decker go
through in its cloak so I can find that
camera you don't mean to go in with ya
cuz I don't I mean I don't what the
cameras about me okay move ladypants
bye Deckard oh yeah that's me
let's move you first get you out of you
out of sight
great all right Deckert cloak use cloak
close that door I left the door open a
little bit
that camera
how's that camera yeah she is
alright yeah we're doing it thank you
can get there you can get all the way
there
okay great lady pants no one can see you
lady pants can get there
yeah if they're lady anyone there is
backup from prisoner nope okay that
might have been the bad call but no not
anything he's expendable really I mean
it's not like you're losing off my ex or
something
no and you know what with the new
leveling system three is only additional
firewall yeah you know it's not like
more guards are the easy leveling system
it's still the same
yeah yeah so it's like we're playing
listen we're playing on west mode
absolutely
and so because that I knew no more
guards were being added I'm okay I'm
okay taking that okay bye close that
door don't let in the draft don't let in
the draft oh we're doing it doing it the
only thing is if that rope yep hey I
wouldn't want my half way through no no
you're right you're right I don't even
know if I can get one two three four
yeah you know barrel I guess as long as
you got a clear line of sight you know
safe just in case that reminds you get
it okay you've essentially done it your
your
two terms away from having done it it
can't believe that come on you you've
done too good thank you thanks I
appreciate that
oh no I can get in
come on oh good it is free stuff rose oh
fucking hell
look at that 1300 oh my cousin the
higher levels you get more for them
that's good that's good whoo whew
all right let's what's call I don't know
I'm assuming at least a break yeah let's
take a little but we need a little
refresh i hi yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
how many yeah how many people are still
with us okay so some people that fare
about huh it's no fair oh sure yeah it's
just you know we study throughout that
run you lost probably a hundred I'm just
you FTB point when we stopped talking
about bullshit instead of paying
attention I'm sorry everyone I'm sorry
for for stopping talking bullshit jack
officially kept Rich's ass I mean to be
fair I had Richardson so yeah I'm gonna
run a commercial and get some water and
we'll be back in a little bit play
something else
ah you know what I think maybe we'll get
in one more game tonight yeah I think
we'll get in one more game
I mean I'm gonna I'm gonna try the next
level I'm probably gonna die we're gonna
try one more level of this or maybe not
who knows fucking see what happens to
see you and

[Part III]
failure is always enough failure is
always and frequently an option true
alright you know we can try let's try
this
let's see what this game is all about we
got this game it's my play we might be
able to play this game
I just click on it and change the title
you might need to just read little
pardon fresh that page nasty belch yeah
it was really gross I'm sorry oh this is
called we're gonna play some towerfall
ascension tower of nasty burp power of
nasty burp all ascension millennium oh
my favorite core ethos of someone I mean
my favorite song your favorite song
period period
like that the Sancha Danny um it's
really the video or something the song
that makes it sure I mean you're just
talking about like the best game ray
we game you're about to fight outside of
that song oh yeah
I might just need to refresh this baby
or maybe else yes reload
okay
so Howard was I have no idea
I have no idea what this game is all
about finding any of numberplate yeah
just because you know what why not this
is crazy
Tower
skinship we can't we can even go on a
quest with two archers two archers Oh
tower tower fall ascension ah is the
name
and it should show up with that right
last there I'm just doing oh you guys
can't see this guys can't see
they're towerfall ascension is where in
this fun the whole thing is Finn's it
goes we what ya waiting it's gonna give
us controller issues gonna quest
oh it's not giving us controller issues
we'll see okay on to hear assassin
Prince last of the order agile a seat
feet turn cloak soldier I'm gonna go
with a soldier okay I think what I think
I guess I'm gone with this handsome
prince great hey it recognizer can do it
well so far so good
is so far some come in a while I'm only
I like the visual style yeah oh man I
like retro thanks okay here's the thing
move aim it seems to recognize all of
these buttons yeah they're labeled
correctly jump shoots and right trigger
is dodged catch okay keep in mind
everyone we have no idea what this game
is we are about to play again this was
just this was a game that was sent to me
I think the guy who made this sent this
to me
oh yeah he's like I think you might like
this and I was like okay you know why
cuz I will take free games gladly we
although uh alright
laughing if you knew dick
I didn't know that movie up you're gonna
hold your arrow
oh if you hold down the shoot button if
you kind of aim Oh
oh my god what am i doing oh no I'm not
arrows how do you get more arrows I
don't know oh you gotta go and pick up
your arrows I'm shooting you dick - oh
you can kill you can look you can clean
on moles it is your good things to know
that's good if you need arrows Judith
come here who's gonna make come here
ghost get out of here
nothing Tibet kind absolute we have to
shoot the things we're just level three
what is this level three
okay I have no concept whether I'm doing
good or not our things dying when you
should five people started doing fine oh
great I just have you better recognizes
both controllers but what is this it's
like a crafter second crackling people
have taken the game audio's clipping all
right
the game obviously the rum Julia
clipping it back yeah Allison was weird
issues can you listen to it take another
thing that can test in two hours
oh sorry oh no I know I got him all
right that one got that one who does he
work to work there's an arrow nice
let's get any yeah Hey ghetto heroes get
all the arrows oh how did an arrow
gateway the fuck up here I figured Rizzy
where's Lee I got him where is it you
shoot arrows we didn't know you won
I think Janne
I mean it's not horrible it sounds like
scratchy your game audio such as weird
yeah
would you turn off I could you know what
I could turn the game audio down
oh my go to options here music is at an
AIDS yeah it's weird it sounds like an
old recording like playing on a record
or something very bizarre here I turn
the game music down in the actual game
and it's not the worst sure I think
people complained about it you know they
can live with it
sure okay so now we have to be two
different people
let's see here I'm sure each person has
know so here you go Joey yeah alright I
reveal a senora okay okay
section two oh I was just gonna
well since it's not the game what it is
but if we sound fine I just heard it
okay okay I don't know we that's the
really the thing you know the actual
output is being overloaded I don't
understand these these things the
technical terms of beyond me oh don't
forget about that trigger button it's
like a dad for me beer pong I did you
can live with it well I'm sorry to hear
them can't live with it
some beer beer corn says that he doesn't
think he can I don't know how that was
oh my god I fucking okay yeah okay I'm
okay you get it just hang out over here
something I hit your fire yeah I know I
mean I'm also turn but I'm also really
hard I I may have just killed something
whatever oh that made it I did assume oh
you can like double jump off walls you
can walk right you can all go boom boom
you're gonna beat me this
you I'm sucking okay
Namie I've died a bunch probably not as
many of nothing this time I'm mister
dead mister dying oh my god if you fall
down the bottom you come on the top yeah
please make that noise I know I do I
turn into an excited little girl when I
get excited oh oh what happened oh hover
oh her nose lives fuck that thief screw
that
now get one we're good what's our life
bar I don't understand I think I just
want hit oh no no here Oh probably the
number of times you can die would be my
gift do you just swing this work no I
killed someone who had a sword oh okay
oh you - ups you can dash it off you can
dash up
isn't it fun learning game yeah it is
fun learning it and something you can't
jump on things this is great yeah yeah
yeah
c'mere you fuck there you go
okay okay I got that thing whatever you
already that kill me Oh God
fucking dead mine mine I have all yours
oh wow
bloody fucking guy we're ghosts
come here ghosts come here ghosts come
here goes oh fuck
you're gonna pull me out oh my god yeah
it's like a evil Archer yeah I feel them
less Oh congratulations like the boss I
think oh no oh you got me Oh wave four
or six okay okay watch I again sure
we're doing fuse different characters
yeah try again
Arnold's is there any other than visuals
is there any difference
the levels are character highway I think
they're the same that's wrong any quotes
my girls equation oh you fuck that was
that was luck
let's gonna say accident but no luck
we're gonna call that luck
oh by the way if I jump on you I steal
your arrows oh so haha doesn't it that's
not good like that come on
get my arrow back
but I hate I fuckin hate you
No
oh there's no oh you lock arrows not all
of them okay what about the wraparound
yeah
Oh dick your dick shit oh shit I'm up
what about come out
Kim come get him I'm out oh good it's
all good
oh oh yeah throw mine in it did it good
oh shit look that oh fuck this is what
happens this is what happens rich Evans
is dick it's all in their map toga this
is what happens rich Evans giantic
backfire
those are just the portals they come out
of you can't shoot those that's
something I learned
my hair my hair got stuck to the ceiling
I'm arrows shit
shit look at that's awesome
shit shit shit I'm out of shit come on
oh you fuck what you do you sure the
bomb didn't get you
I was a volume back oh maybe I think it
was an arrow could have been about Matt
to the corner that's weird
do you like yeah I think he had some era
before
this is a new wish game right I think so
how common is it in indie games to
replicate the look of these 30 90s be
pretty common because picking maybes go
on yeah it's it's a it is a recent trend
okay I'll go say is everybody sick of it
some people are I could play games like
this correctly okay yeah I mean you know
there's gonna be a backlash eventually
well yeah cuz I can't speak about video
games specifically of course but in
general I think I'm I'm sick of mush I
think I'm sick of people replicating
stuff from the 80s and early 90s it's
one of those things where when it's done
Oh get outta here oh god Mike yeah
bomb bomb night it's uh you know when
it's done well my children
oh mighty while you didn't you kill me
you bombed that crew oh my god well
water what oh my god this is
disorienting me this is disgusting and
awful actually yeah this is making me a
little sick um something like
oh my god oh yeah something like like
the shovel knight yeah
that is such a perfect shamash I see
that yeah why have all your arrows
where are you or are you just I'm dead
oh my method I got ad I thought I was
out of lives I didn't give one more one
more
um when it's done right I can finish my
theis we're lucky no one gave my
everything
um it's it's one of those things where
it's worth it hey we did look something
like this doesn't necessarily need it
pixel art style okay but it it looks
pretty pixel art doesn't hurt it you
know Jerry there I'm trying to think of
an example of a game that has pixel art
just for the I mean
just for the sake of it I'm just curious
cuz I think of like with movies like if
I see another movie with the grindhouse
film great filter like that's so sick of
it yeah or like replicating you know
like eighties slasher movies and things
like that or I'm just I want to see
something new like that's the movies
I've seen lately that I really liked
have been movies that are trying
different things trying new things yeah
I'm just sick of everybody trying to
replicate the past yeah this is coming
from someone who made a movie that's an
homage to Robert Oakland also movies
from the 80s I've been through that
phase but I'm sick of it right this is a
pre-clear somebody could use the people
this is not a key this is not a game
no this reminds me what mary-rose
the the original yeah that's a marvel
yeah
virus yes I agree with you angry no this
isn't this is interesting this is neat
and interesting I can't uh I mean I
don't know how much how many thanks but
this is fun this is a nice arcade
experience
oh fuck you I landed on your head
you that's that's the noise I make I
like it I like it I I condone that noise
yeah mine what was that dude what is do
I don't know what what come here
everything
it doesn't kind of beauty okay
like Elvis I killed them n boss in one
turn everyone is wrong about so maybe
that's what it does
how am I did take shit shit Harris
ah fuck maybe I was out arrows Estrella
Estrella yeah no I cannot but I can play
this for a lot is right up your alley
yeah this is this is right in my
hometown Jack how close are we to leave
unlock new in Moby Collins uh we just
got there actually oh we just got there
with two more I think and so we we know
we're gonna get a jeez I'm a man jeez um
that one we're gonna get for sure I'm
gonna hit that Jesus face okay because
it's funny and I do wonder if they're
gonna if they're gonna yell at me
because he's a celebrity
Jesus yeah remember I tried to get um
try to get that producers face Oh with
Nicole Rick McCallum and they denied it
because Liam is delivering and so I
wonder I wonder if they're gonna turn
down Jesus that would actually be really
funny I'm under a couple people earlier
look signal suggesting a Juggalo Jay I
mean that seems a little tune jiggle are
you gigolo the problem is there's too
many
Juggalo day pictures to choose from
mm-hm and so it's like how I choose well
I mean if you if you go you know if you
just look up you know any previous
gathering of the Juggalos yeah there's
pictures of me all over the place
Hrothgar year I do different makeup
so you know people you know we went to
gigolo Jay victims yeah yeah well oh
this is revenge I did sue the Insane
Clown Posse at the mall once what they
were in town I guess they had a show
either that night of the night before
and I was walking near the mall and they
were walking a little ways ahead of me
and and these these two girls came up to
me and they go oh gee no that's the
Insane Clown Posse I don't know why they
came up to me it was like okay no I can
you go ask them if it's actually them
like no I'm not gonna ask me that
because I don't care and I'm here to buy
a teapot and then I walked away I'm
sorry you were there to buy tea pot yeah
then can buy a tea pot I needed one of
all T Kappa servers I needed a tea oh
that's that's more manly absolute um but
yeah I don't know what they liked they
didn't want to approach him himself so
they came to me because I guess I was a
little bit older so they thought it
would be more you're able to approach
them easier but so I did see that that's
the closest I ever got to meeting my
idols Paul when I was there by Tikal
sure
the time ezpz wanted to team Z oh shit
hey
you can shave the timer you incidentally
murdering your quad amigo
yes I was haha I might explain why they
came up there like oh there's another
juggle your karma Cup which had nothing
to do with the Juggalos I forgot I was
wearing my like pom makeup in my hatchet
man tattoo was very visible you did my I
suck that round oh I felt good about oh
this isn't yeah very Mario Brothers this
is this is what arcade games used to be
quarters suckers every death is a
quarter man time we got ten thirty have
your guns
I kind of like this shadowy person I
think yeah these are just like different
yeah yes we're checking out I think so
pink pink funk
oh man we've unlocked everything oh
Jesus Christ
flight
shit that's right this doesn't kill you
I keep forgetting
crows yeah the dance is super bored
jellies gumbo jellies coming for you
jelly I think you get away from oh you
got away from me get that Jimmy get that
jelly strawberry not a will a shit I
just wasted on my error how do you guys
recommend telephone uh yeah so far you
know what I don't know what price it is
someone someone looking for how much it
is and then I'll tell you if I recommend
it oh fuck shoot me shoot not ghost
Oh go was i coming okay hey good job
hmmm ghosts I'm afraid yeah I'll take
this when I take it out or or kill me
I guess that's an option too one person
says 499 what a person says one night
either of those prices is worthless
there they're both acceptable okay
oh and then another person says 199 that
is not what man
that person is oh shit oh they black
down
and then someone says 15 bucks
absolutely what if you make up your so
what and we look it up just probably a
sale price I mean there's always I mean
it will say the brain on sale price is
$15 oh no no okay
Bieber 10 10 10 above max horrible okay
10 or below you know what
solidly a gerbil I know how much people
say are saying it is $30.99 it's pushin
it okay let's push it it's you know it's
been done how much you like this game's
pricing out games is a really weird
thing
Oh wings oh is that what these things
are
oh that's crazy helpful I've been
wondering what these fuckers were Kid
Icarus Icarus River
Icarus I've never heard anyone say yeah
I met singer Chris Wright me
oh yeah this would be like yeah less I
died I mean hey and your corn I would
like to do more quick cuts because I've
actually seen a lot of really good
movies like we just have an ad new time
maybe a lot of these days maybe one I
have seen oh I feel like it's weird
usually I see two or three really really
good movies in a year and then lots of
mediocre stop or like it's good see what
a really good stuff this year oh that's
good yeah that should make you feel
happy not consider you sure it doesn't
you feel happy I just wish I were to
talk about what happened if you shoot
the arrow straight up in the air you can
come back then okay oh I was doing great
and as you can see that being a problem
yeah I shot my arrow and I thought to
myself oh I'll catch it and get it back
no I'm all wasted no it went into your
skull I think you can catch it if you
press the M yeah - yeah - but IRA
thought I remembered reading oh fuck
that fuck dad
I'm going to look up with the actual
stain precipices do we have a consensus
that fortunately it seems to be 1499
which like I'm not a gamer person but
I'm looking at this game and that seems
like a bit you know it's it's time it's
really tough to price these things out
well someone's asking if I've seen a
repo man with Emilio Estevez that's how
we started that reading tonight I mended
a beggar at the very beginning but that
was one of the very first things we
talked about Rico man what did we think
about did he say about it you were doing
the Smash Mouth song help recover and
how it looked like an homage Torito
that's correct
goddamn Harry Dean Stan was so great
measuring everything against so goodness
was he great the Avengers oh yeah yeah
he was because he was in it because it
was him yes I got wings you're killed no
I want you to that's bull
oh fuck mrs. fucka this fuck you a grim
reaper guy fuck the reaper am i right no
fury I don't I jump on his head are you
don't wings congratulations
nice work the super bad the super end
demon you can surmise it it's fine
that's badass
even I just jump on your head
motherfucker
nice nice nice thank you
pack what the fuck yeah buddy didn't hit
any button hit a button
no it wasn't me but ah all right let's
make home guarantee it wasn't me oh fuck
fucks previously recorded presents do
white fucks
wait no that's something for good
oh my god I've had four real selves you
Oh
here come hearing a beer
Jeff do it right so I'm heavy America
pretty fancy diamonds inside you arrow
exchange and fail jump jump on my head
oh fuck that's it that was it for me you
gotta do this yeah Jesus I believe in
you go Pink Ranger go No oh fuck we're
gonna really oh sorry
I didn't go into the water right no I go
hydrate so good so good I gotta find you
I don't have yeah come on calm down oh
my god that is my boy calming down is
not a thing I do that deserts our land
again
no make 15 I having a good time would
you be having this good time without too
much no yeah you need multiplier I
wonder if it's um if it's online yeah
how much were Nintendo games whatever
they first came out 5050
yep that is insane we'll think about
well I mean looking at it now time
that's top of the line I know let's just
say it easy to the exact state of the
earth
sure sure but man that's nuts
get you catch a motherfuck
who jump with a reaper it's the best way
to beat him oh oh he can cross these in
the spans fuckery their fear the reaper
no fucking Reaper get in here no oh
sorry okay Reaper fuck thank you
did you kill me you kill fucking kill
you fucking fuck that wasn't wash that
we go wash wash we fucked up that one he
could just call out what I want to wash
okay here we go here we go here we go
actually pause you know what I'm just
gonna take a moment hydrate anything
else in going on the champ Tarantino
should direct Star Trek no I don't think
he ever would but has Tarantino directed
anything that he didn't also write also
only he I mean uh uh Jackie Brown is
based on a book yeah but like this
creeper right yeah
though he has never directed at another
person script okay has he done anything
close to sci-fi even remotely resembling
no no but like also like he's he's an at
or like it's his movie from but yeah he
comes up with the scripts he knows
exactly how he wants to be amazing
that's aspect so I wonder I actually
wonder what it would be like him just
directing someone else's thing
no I I don't think it ever happens no it
doesn't really matter he has food ok
ready ready ruining sony in the chatter
sang rich exclamation point
yeah what what bitch haha yeah i
reloaded this receptacle nation what yes
alright let's go let me go alright we
got we're going yeah they even imagine
what a Tarantino site we would be right
awesome no I I don't know if it would be
no I mean I I like him a lot but he has
a very specific style yeah I can't
imagine it lending itself to something
science fiction I got somebody okay yeah
rich rich rich I change my character TV
shooting is a character salt yeah
buddy I'm letting myself give up I
should have no no no we got this we got
this chick here oh I pinned that Reaper
against the wall nice
oh you fucking fuck i shagged ghosts
that was a ghost yeah yeah with vertigo
well I'm sorry
yoosh hey I'm stealing that Aaron of
Meier oh no you might be able to get
gems back if you get enough points fly
yeah
get down oh fuck you crow
yeah jumping ahead
whoa stay later or now Meyer oh did you
see that bullshit no one do you see it
bullshit I did not I'm talking sucks I
hit I hit that crow in his fucking head
and he killed III hit him energy it is
okay beat and then you killed me then
fuck ice it's about the gate didn't get
mine Kipling
I'm dick yep I'm dead good already is
that J plane or is rich really just bad
at yogi Oh real games apparently this is
a real game fuck you people on your
notions of what is it isn't a real game
schedule because it's not a game I would
play so it's casual thank you that was a
great impression okay
okay last of the other big jump are you
on track No you'll get that wondering oh
yes we're gonna get that fucker we're
gonna get good this is fun this is a fun
game so you know it you know the the
real thing about like recommending this
game is split the cost with the print
well there you go oh shit then it's
definitely worth it
a game to play with a friend if jelly
and remember to jump on them jellies go
high ground gotta get that high ground
and jump up and jump on top and high
ground before you do it yeah boys people
are quoting you know but what is a
casual that someone to displace games
they don't play the right kind of like
people who play like jewel quest on
Facebook you know oh okay like if like
my mom playing playing farmville yesyes
casual yes
it's meant as an insult to a real gamer
okay but it's all fucking bullshit
anyone whose main hobby is playing games
is a gamer and if that's fucking
farmville and that's fucking farm now
you know only real gamers please five
spiral
X by saying Xbox cut it sculptor bubble
pack mmm me capacitor real
I've never heard this kind of animosity
from your oh fuck you fuck I doing
really good
I was doing really well I got death
fuck you was that what I just drew on
your truck and head oh my God look at me
oh I don't know I'm dodging ducks
okay daddy doctor - it back this come in
duck Dodgers
yeah that's in in in the 15th century
now they're in the 15th century come on
come on come on give me that aerial I'll
bet nope fuck fuck you guys up over
driver dings fine everything's fucked
fuck you guys nice one rich well it's
all phew Oh No
I got briefed you got Reese what I got
him oh fuck fuck yeah let's try a
different level
oh wait score combo my killing monsters
quickly oh no Jeff almost there
we're almost almost there okay all right
here we go here we go here we go here we
go here we go get the high ground
done
oh this is weird now someone's asking if
we've ever heard any open data alewives
people asking things that we things
about earlier in the street these might
be people fucking with you yeah but
that's so subtle why would they they
might just be wondering oh that's right
they don't have subtlety I don't know
it's just weird but yeah that's the
second thing that's popped up where it's
only a question with my name we talked
about earlier one of the dead Aoife's
is in space cowboy yeah how about that
it's not Dan Harmon - Rob schrab and I
believe that mr. Timmy Higgins was
involved was it later done a lot
oh really not in the original okay I
believe yeah my friend Tony was was
involved with them too but he wasn't one
of the original Rhino um either order
five or six heal everybody worked for
them yeah and Timmy let me definitely do
robbed robbed okay he had a robot
bastard shirt way before I knew what
that was
boom boom let's go Oh No
fucking fuck good copy
oh shit oh shit yeah get out of here
fuck I'm not doing okay now people are
responding intentionally jaga you're the
smoke pot for several years because I
care about each other you get now
they're not being sold sometimes you
guys are funny you say funny things when
you're funny
no I as Mike I have not watched waken
parking I will my plates right yes movie
that somebody sent us is that supposed
to be very good
oh shit sorry alright son maybe this
yeah that's my fault
take between two process
Oh panic and a bit friggin aah
we're not doing the nearest more the
Hornet I got I got a good game where I
got a table for one more yep are you
saying got one more quarter okay we're
gonna make this work
got one more quarter people are saying
to do the vs. bonus
Oh doesn't personal disastrous
yeah that could be I mean that could be
hilarious there's the bad footbridge I
said it then I gotta get on that roof as
all that's all this is up here is the
roof of the level it doesn't wear people
you don't see coming fall any bigger
this year I know but you get to hide
orangutan when you fall on them go fall
on them on the ghost look at going
everyone get on the roof I'm convinced
yeah you know why
fuck fuck Jimmy faster
hahaha
was it a different breasts we got a
little circle yet you're not going to
duck with breasts fine you know I think
that's fair by the way now that I think
more about you were going to talk about
ducks and press okay so there's some
auto
Samara yo it's me rose
cities yes I have seen machete means and
lose and not quite Hollywood and I'm
looking forward to their cannon films
documentary maybe good working
I really like my college not quite
Hollywood yes it's about the the
auscultation films which is movies made
in Australia I'll split pea Oh split
ation yes that's a real thing
yeah why and why were they exploiting
Australia and they weren't explain
anything it was just there was movies
made in Australia at that time this 70s
I think it was but it was just lots of
crazy stunts and it was just a crazy
time okay crazy crate it was the it was
the crazy town and you were the mayor
there's a schism in your film called
stunt rock which combines rock and roll
with stumps there's a band
all's name of the band in the movie I
think it's called are the Wizards I
can't remember but it's just cutting
back and forth between them playing and
then a guy doing stunts yeah that stuff
good we're gonna do it we did it with it
with in it hey that was it you know that
was solid - yeah yeah play after dad owe
me some day you think oxonium would be
more exciting than this
this is tension after that could be fun
what is that you played afternoon - play
don't look spoke oh okay oh okay
okay is there a game based on Octomom
it's other than the name pon that's all
the only thing to come you're an octopus
posing as a human father they don't
explain where the kids came from but he
asked kids okay and it's secret that
he's an activist maybe nobody knows but
also he's clearly an octopus okay
his wife doesn't even know how does that
work take a joke okay
because joke I'm not a soul number but
get over
that's not information so you're not so
long shit
I killed my children okay okay all right
we killed it late idea for the box
oh I got it ah
whoa whoa whoa can we just settle down
for a second
oh shit Jesus Christ
and you hit that thing with an arrow hu
fire fly I'm from Japan
JJ yeah after I go Mia that's sounded by
sounded by the way don't we have the
power
next reply do not jump on the vanishing
point oz mic aside from stun rock
the only other Brian preference yeah
gypsy why you shut my shield did I yeah
the only Brian trenchard-smith movies
I've seen her is American one which is
leprechaun three and that little demons
too so I don't think I'm gonna get
enough place to judge in the region what
you blew me up
well you should move in there coolly up
why why'd you pull me up me shit in a
business-like do that I was there right
did you do that because apparently you
blow up when you wake up and I do not
know this hey you owe me yeah alright
you know true - true dat who dat true
dat there's one thing
I do a junkie oh yes leprechaun three is
to one of the casinos in Las Vegas oh we
did leprechaun poor in space too and
that one's great there's a leprechaun
four yes there's oh are you kidding me
that's there's leprechaun four and then
after that there's leprechaun in the
hood and then after that there's
leprechaun back to the hood shut up and
now WWE just produce leper found origins
which is the gritty serious reboot of
the leprechaun series that can't be true
which I have no interest in seeing no
the only reason to see any of those
movies is for Warwick Davis for God this
he's great
a leprechaun for was pretty funny does
he still but he still plays all the left
round no no the new one is because it
was produced by WWE
so leprechaun is played by a Hornswoggle
it was apparently a little person
wrestler oh okay
which is like why see it's not Warwick
Davis right

[Part IV]
man yeah I feel like you talk to me
about this have you seen BMX bandits
yeah kids Nicole Kidman that's Brian
trenchard-smith that's one of the famous
Australian director okay we'll also went
on to do leprechaun three and four
unfortunately those are the American
well but he's done some crazy Australian
moves
okay I've seen BMX bandits okay I have
not seen BMX payments I think it's on
Netflix it is it is it's it's really
weird all of the kids talk as if they
they're like smarter they're like smarty
people in their twenties okay help
senator but kiss your work with that
mouth that's how the children talk the
BMX racer it's weird
okay no maybe you know what you didn't
grow up in Australia
maybe that's crazy
Jesus Christ down down the trouble yeah
if the noob leprechaun were played by
Peter Dinklage Paki I would watch it and
would never happen but that would be
amazing
Oh My Jesus great steel barrows steals
arrows
Oh
haha
running through a situation which my
arrows kill something then bounce off it
and kill me that is happen to me
hi Humbert hiding here no one did
we do have the that was my sweetie those
oh there's a homily fuck look at you got
more kills than me - yeah terrible huh
I'm not terrible no you're acting like
oh look you good work oh no I didn't
mean like they'll fuck you like icing
icing on your cake okay come crap like I
was like I was like the exact do can how
you think of it okay let's do let's do
one more level and then we'll break it
up one more level and then one more try
and then we break it up or
nice nice
nerds it's like oh I'm gonna hear us how
do I get
you know what you faded them you painted
them there's a joke there
Oh evil duplicates that was angry yes
you just killed me I was wrong I'm sorry
sorry 1979 that's a band
I died I'm radioactive smuggled that's
her we're about 1989 is that real yeah
it's real bad oh that's clear enough do
they have any hits yeah oh no I mean no
no hits but you might recognize you
might recognize music we're good shit
drum and bass drum and bass players so
the fan is just a drummer and bass
player as tech azer we have I think at
least three copies of dragon strategies
I still don't know what it is but we
have many copies of it so especially
maybe we'll do something okay oh you
came back oh fuck there's the thing
names everywhere
Oh Oh your doppelganger that it's okay
yeah I'm back you gonna go for a little
bear
possibly the real hard to say
you say this one and don't point at the
screen oh one more yeah well I don't
know one more this is a one more game
isn't it it is one more one more
I got it we got it we got really close
I'll talk more about that did you ever
watch even I know what it is but never
pitch count each other will give the
team song for that
for a huge n-o-o-o I thought when you're
saying that that you meant like they
were big in 1979 the name of the band is
death from above 1979 that's a horrible
name
well come on the the reason they're
called that is because there was another
band called that from above and so they
just had their like they had to name
themselves something else yes I'm sorry
I'm hearing shooting kalique well I
ain't by knocking the end of the reefer
I jumped on your hand before you can
give me an arrow you have to jump on my
it chick chick nice nice
I took a chance wasn't sure is it I
wasn't sure but they did it congratulate
coastal kills you when he's dizzy yeah I
do deserve a dizzy demand I'll jump him
get a position jump on it down and I'm
sorry you guys
arrows the arrows badly keep falling
until I land on someone right
nice nice it done yeah oh okay got me I
got me did you get you key nothing you
got you
so that's not you I like that you do it
only works if you got more than one
person okay
that's a good point stuff this was a
really fun game thank you developer of
towerfall ascension we're sending this
to me even though it said your game is
not worth 50 bucks well it's a good game
it's a good game like 10 would make me
think about it and if I had a friend who
also had it and I wonder if you can now
wonder if it says if you could play my
bear now I'm assuming I'm assuming you
also play over over
not start hangers
well the the moral of the story is you
know $10 would like I'd be like baby but
you know would definitely be leaning
towards this eight and below absolutely
yeah yeah eight mill at $7.99 is the
price point for this - at $7.99 or below
100% get this game is super fun
is that a common price point per game
seven in yet depends on the game you
know I don't know if there's like normal
tiers as far as yeah right yeah for like
like there's there's the eight to eight
dollar 1015 yeah okay and there's a lot
of chibi - yeah okay yeah with PC games
that really good with sales
so you'll see a $15 game on sale for
second frequently okay yeah yeah yeah
I do wonder like what who chooses that
that who chooses what your party
Ponder's how you make those decisions
like how do you make that call yeah time
time for checkers rich played checkers
until 1:00 a.m. you guys can just watch
the tower fall back around and we could
talk if you have any questions ask and
we can just talk lots of cool things in
life that's true I could tell you I was
at this bachelor party over the weekend
and the soon-to-be groom specifically
asked me to bring some bad not not me
not rich it was not rich my cousin Jake
my cousin Jake specifically asked me to
bring some bad news and I was really
excited to bring those movies and I came
to the studio grabbed up a bunch of DVDs
ripped into a harddrive a couple of them
did not rent quigley good
I know trouble ripping anything else for
some reason quickly was the prickly one
quickly is always a problem that little
scam so I'll prepare and Saturday night
after some drinkin after some hiking get
back to the cabin that the bachelor
party was that it was time yes but it
had been a long day of drinking and
hiking
everyone was really tired so I knew we
only had time for one be what he choose
you know I had me good doesn't matter
what did you have with you I have some
examples of what he did so I had how in
the duct I had masters in the universe
just cuz like I know and it's like yeah
he would like someone that but then I
also had like terror in Beverly Hills
yes Hollywood count samurai cop quickly
that all-star lineup the classic yeah
the red brown the red brown Captain
America and the 70s captain then is not
that nothing I'm getting out another
everyone goes that's the names sound
hearing yeah
Captain America Eric Brown was a 70s one
yet we have not watched right but I
brought it with me okay so yeah I had
the Salinger Captain America and the red
brown captain just good one
and what else that I have agree and like
a couple others but you only have time
to watch one movie and everyone has been
hyped to watch event so you know
obviously it's the decision but I said
that here's the thing protect one it's
gotta be Sam good wig but bad overdub
the the general overall shit hits and
he's a film guy so he will pick up on
all the on all of the like shooting all
the angles in the same place yeah that's
the thing a samurai cop plays better if
you're a fan of bad movies it plays
better for people that also make movies
yes cuz you pick up on more the
technical things and I think a casual
would did I use that expression
can't you not filthy casual what nice
you know for something like that a movie
like the room probably plays better
because it's just so obviously bizarre
right but samurai cop is a as a
filmmakers bad yes yes and he he is and
so like he would I knew he would love
the samurai cop yeah but he was drunk
ain't chosen masters
which so we started watching Masters of
the Universe but also to keep in mind
for the story everyone else at the
bachelor party was really excited for
Sam right now because to find them I
queued up the movie to the horny nursing
because they're like what's the samurai
kappahd so a whore nursing sums the
whole thing up yeah everyone was
cracking up we start watching Masters of
the Universe at five minutes in the
groom asshole is snoring you fell asleep
five minutes in the masters of the
universe we wait another five to make
sure he's asleep
turn it off the watch singer everyone
loved it
but that was my job and he fell asleep
yeah but one job he wouldn't have fallen
asleep if he just started watching exam
I can't I know he'd be too engaged I
know they'd be constantly asking
questions and that would keep him awake
these are the things maybe he just
wanted I don't want to watch a movie
that'll keep me entertained I'm gonna
fall it has been a very long yeah the
night before we were in Seattle we're in
the greater Seattle area the night
before we went to a restaurant that
served quite literally and you just dug
into the pigs face she's a two-faced me
yeah it was great
I'm sure tasted fine but the image is
gross to me yes it was super great I
don't know what the restaurant is called
it's called big fangs it's called happy
pig oh yeah
and then I went back to the hotel slept
in everyone I was into and we were the
Beatles Ringo yeah I have no idea
you you people can decide I don't know
or care without the Beatles for red
letter media that's true
I'm the J of red letter media Mike Mike
and Jay would be the Lennon McCartney
you old Jack I guess then that makes you
George
no I'm not sure who's the who's the
beetle Pete best IP best movie best that
can't replace mmm my ring you know it's
Jesse George and that makes Jesse George
okay yeah yeah I'd believe that that
makes sense
the sensitive
I remember that was a early bonding
moment with Mike
when I first met you guys stuck with
Mike and we were at a bar and it was a
music bar maybe there's a shown playing
or whatnot probably sort of band and
playing that's what we usually met each
other yes and we started talking about
the Beatles it was like right after one
of the Paul McCartney so loud
I'm excited about one I like our duck
wings and he's like it's like fuck he's
like that's what I think gentlemen i
McCartney's all the talent I like damn
right he is he's like but I thought your
leg rings no Rich's Shemp well fuck you
too Jim he's not a Beale
that's a Three Stooges thing in three
stooges terms I'm totally in curling
yeah absolutely absolutely look good
curling the guy was curly Joe yeah that
was the later curly curly Joe it was
Chum was it Shemp and thank curly juror
was there another center and then curly
and then curly Joe afternoon there was
per second regular curly now curly Joe
came after curly curly Joe Hurley was
the original you sure yeah right but
that ship was the original no no no no
no cable ship and then curly no no no
and then ship again no Larry I was curly
was the first and then she'll yeah and
then I think curly Joe and you know what
it might have been curly curly Joe sure
no well they didn't go that far
our Santa worship curly curly Joe no no
champ was not the first girl again
stroke and then curly Joe came in curly
was the first I think Shemp might have
been the last I think cuz I think he's I
think curly Joe was the last cuz that
was on there like ball champ was too
different
we need someone who's like curly so they
yeah okay Geoffrey t-shirt Shep was the
original Curley replaced him by gel bag
what yeah and then somebody else's then
Shep again
are you sure hemp was the original that
seems weird to me something Curley then
shipped on curly Joe and somebody else
playing curly then Shemp the curvature
I'm pretty sure it's curly Shemp curly
Joe okay I'm almost cite your sources
people yeah someone else oh yeah so it's
morning something I know it doesn't mean
all sorts of yeah bad information I'm
pretty sure it was curly Jim
curly Joe richest technically right I
like I like Harry protect me oh wait no
Shemp when they did state chef's shit
was the original but when they did the
movies curly he didn't want to do it so
curly was okay so if you're looking at
movie terms which is how I'm thing you
know but if it was perfect but when they
did do stage shows I think Shemp was
there okay yeah and then when he didn't
want to transition to movies then they
brought in Kerrville i really had a
stroke they brought Jim back then they
brought him back yeah okay guys before
we figured it or something we're not
worth we're all kind of right chefs get
the one walk on the chair I'm not a fan
I like nobody's it I don't like The
Three Stooges in general that looks
really good they are what they are
violence
yeah violent it's the Three Stooges is
far more clever than I think most people
give it credit for
I don't know if levers the right word
it's very like it's I mean for its
slapstick well-orchestrated
she was drunk he's very drunk
Jack had one fuckin beer he's talking
about how sophisticated increased I
would say sophisticated I said clever
well-orchestrated could be another word
every bit is set up very well that's
like that's clever
not not Charlie Chaplin's clever only a
person raised on a farm
oh I'll say clever might be clever is
the wrong it's a well or it's well
orchestrated yeah I would agree with
that it's not I want to say that there's
a usage of clever that applies to this
that's fine every Chaplin Chaplin is
great I mean I went through a big
Chaplin phase in high school
sample of my senior year it was all
about Chaplin and John Belushi I was
obsessed with John Belushi I mean
Kepler kind of sucks the paradise for
cute but that's fine
I am a Buster Keaton - I like camping
can you exit the game maybe the
distorted game noise ruins you got
started Oh whoever says that it might be
your speakers I mean we can crap here
you know what later on just edit in
footage of me playing checkers over this
no I just you know what the games that I
just muted the game okay okay i muted
the game volume so now you're just
hearing our beautiful voice beauty well
that's singing earlier
I don't want to remind you
oh no not smashmouth okay edit songs
like my head earlier he went like um
some body once told me there's my
evidence then he is drunk yeah I was
just reminded smashmouth over the
weekend um my cousin Jake is who I made
a lot of my early internet videos with
and there was one instance where we were
traveling together and we were playing
the Smash Mouth a game as a game I mean
it was made-up game okay he was a
made-up game in which we at any point
somebody would say some body and then in
in a in a circle arrangement we had to
go one word at a time through the song
and the rhythm of the song I see so
which is more difficult than you would
think it is and I want to say there were
five of us okay there are five of us and
so it would just be like any moment and
it was a week long shoot that we were on
and it got really tiresome sometimes or
just be in there like the van driving to
the next shoot and they'd be dead silent
just dude there's a hum of the thing
yeah some body Jesus once told me the
world you do crazy things when you're
bored yeah yeah it's true one day maybe
not yeah you know what that um story so
I have one more not out fuck I'll say
that for them I have another story about
a made-up game oh but it's it might be
too long I see I'm gonna save it cuz
it's a good one okay you got it you got
it yeah you're gonna Sun spread these
out spread out your stories yeah I have
so few
you got a making wine and even the ones
I think are good no
some body no mirrors gonna participate
in your game this is the problem with
your pitiful you don't play my game not
when it comes to Smash Mouth oh my god
play the Smash Mouth game I don't have
those friend and lyrics memorized and
you do you just don't know it that means
active they're all in my head yeah I
think I do know that whole song ever
I'm unusually bad with a song
yeah unusually bad everybody are about
our age knows all the words for this
match I will bet you I don't bet you
$1,000 it's buried deep in your
coordinates you've heard that song so
many times just part of your life it's
what a god no it got to the point where
I would hear that song in a movie and
think that it was done as a joke cuz
it's been used in every other movie at
that point
yeah like Shrek it shows up in Shrek and
I'm like seriously still yeah yeah they
don't give a fuck that song everyone
knows that song yeah well Shrek rebels
and popular culture and not being
timeless yeah that kind of actually been
that well that movie tries trying to be
the anti Disney and Disney would never
do something like that yeah yeah music
yeah right yeah I'm not sure in the
whole air of those CG movies that we're
all about like pop-culture references
and and they all suck they're the exact
opposite of Pixar those movies they're
timeless and iterate and know and then
like Shrek and would you say Shrek
sucked
I don't remember Shrek I only saw the
first one I think it's funny it's fine
I remember being okay I really don't
remember it there's a dragon I remember
does a dragon it was like oh I'm going
to dragon did a booty dance at the end
of Trek now yeah yeah
it's show me a Shrek no is what it is I
don't care about Shrek
you know what Pixar movie I don't much
care for what brave no that's the other
black sheep picks our family cars ours
is great for kids
no cars movies okay
I'm not here to start a fight about cars
I'm sure I say cut cars to me felt like
it was aimed at a younger audience than
most of their movies you're brave
opinion is nothing shocking as long as I
haven't seen brave I didn't care yeah no
it's it's flawed like it's it's it's a
it's a standard animated movie it's not
yeah it's wrong it doesn't feel magical
doesn't feel those other heartwarming
emotional Pixar films it's got none of
that it's just standard it literally has
a character in the movie called like the
wisp or something it's a little magical
ball of fire yeah and the wisp tells the
little brave girl where to go and what
to do at all times it's it's very
standard okay so every choice that the
little brave girl makes is not her
choice she just follows a little wisp
okay it's terrible so it's like Forrest
Gump where the main character has no
control over their own life yeah you
know what at least Forrest did something
he didn't do anything he ran he ran yeah
he decided to run it that's it I'm one
of those people that doesn't like
Forrest Gump so oh you know it's fine
what does what is the best Pixar movie
oh that's a hard one personal preference
remains The Incredibles I like love The
Incredibles I'm partial to superheroes
but yeah Hualien I just think it's such
a God up is amazing appointed I just
never got around to seen it I heard it's
great up it does have a talking dog in
it though it's the most clever way you
could ever possibly do a talking dog
there's like there's like a perfectly
good and amusing reason why the dog
talks alright
yeah up is good Wally well he's good
Wally's good like I like the first half
of walling better than the say yes what
yeah I think it's probably a common
element about but it flows it's fine
it's gallows pretty dark for a kids
movie yeah saying that everybody's just
fat lazy assholes yeah yeah it's fun and
and you know slow it's this is why I
defend cars what cars is a slow movie
isn't it yeah it's nice
you delve into it I don't know I did
cars cars I always think of it as being
more of a kiddie movie than they're I
mean they're all family movies but that
one I always think of been aimed at
younger people how it like it's long
it's long it's boring it's just like
there's long stretches where they're
just like driving on a highway and it's
just like and you're just taking in the
scenery that's a big part of it it's
like how that we don't take time anymore
to take the back roads
it's nice Sarris Larry the Cable Guy in
well that's the problem
listen if I could cut out that part of
the movie it might be permanent isn't
the sequel even more about him oh my god
it's a sequel bad I missing things bad I
got the sequels but the sequel though
how many how many emotions do you feel
in the first 10 minutes of um I mean how
many different emotions I need to
rehydrate cuz I lost so many tears so
much crying yeah I turned up I turn up
enough oh I cried like a fuckin baby I
have no problem admitting when I cried a
movie enough gets me every time okay you
have to give up a shop I I will always
have I am an avoided it I just have a
thing like right now what you doing
watch oh okay stream we're gonna we're
gonna live watch up you can't watch it
we're not going stream will just stream
our audio it's gonna hear everybody
crying it help oh my god baby oh and mr.
Holland's Opus yeah
I'm a crier that's a help you how many
emotions do you feel the first ten
minutes of things Oh God
I guarantee it's more than you feel
there's the entire duration of up first
for me
just disgust disgust confusion real
anger mostly discussed yeah yeah just
just never have I never has there been
such a profound a sense of worthlessness
this is an emotional roller coaster yeah
more so than most movies it's like it's
like the movie is worthless but because
I am watching this I am worthless and
then you think to yourself like how
precious is my time what could I be
doing with this time instead of watching
this we're starting up no I don't even
know how to oh man ups music is great
very reminiscent of a toy store they're
going as directors okay
love is great hmm as people will
actually seem like they think we're
watching often that's not true it's hard
to discern the sarcasm from the next oh
yeah I guess the immoral story is brave
that movie really disappointed me that
was the firt you know cuz like cars
yeah it's not the greatest but it's like
all right oh okay I can put up with
Larry the Cable Guy cuz there's some
there's important stuff in there a bug's
life
that's not Pixar isn't yeah hold on one
of the early ones I'm thinking advance
yeah bugs life is great it's Seven
Samurai with an anthill
hmm it's fun moving I'm just saying it's
not it's not gonna figure it all - oh my
god no rollercoaster the movie took me
on own it's the best film I've ever seen
what what are you in BMX bandits no bug
that bugs is fine Elena monsters Incas
some good moments I didn't see monsters
University
did anybody yeah I feel like Pixar's
kind of cuz that's very erotic there
they're starting to go down now
University was sterile
there was like it was like a bug's life
there was a big technical jump in
monsters University which was Universal
lighting mm-hmm
something that has literally nothing to
do with the story yeah but a Pixar has
finally figured out a way to render not
only like a light source right so they
can render like what the Sun is
but they've figured out how to also
revenge render individual reflections
and so it's like the most natural
lighting of any animated movie okay
because it takes into account the the
light source but then also how like
light reflects and it's a really hard
thing to accomplish and it does it for
the entire scene not just per character
okay so it was a technological
breakthrough which has nothing to do
with how good the movie is right but now
we're seeing that implemented into some
higher class video games this is very
boring but light rendering it's an
important thing or not whatever fuck it
I don't know technical science movies
and things that Jack enjoys learning
upon I don't care about the second row
stuff if the boring if the story's
boring
yeah that's almost one out in high note
somewhere I don't really down to 140 did
everybody leave probably I think
everybody loves light it's late in we're
just bullshitting now so we're babbling
I thought they liked it one way bullshit
this is all bullshit we're losing people
this is I think I don't know what they
want
oh yeah it's a combination of being late
and the fact that there's nothing visual
going on to attack our own thing choice
is freaking out or everybody be towards
freaking out because they did that
earlier to okay good boring yeah let's
close it up Jack you're drunk
that's not true at all this is how I am
people that did something you should
know about me when I get drunk I get
quiet
so now you're saying jacket drunk yeah
okay I get what no checkers oh yeah see
look it's already back up to four oh wow
it's backing up to 400 something oh yeah
is twitch is freaking out
the problem we have just too many
viewers let's talk about aspect ratios
things are gonna get crazy have you seen
a Vimeo does anamorphic widescreen
native in there player I did not know
that if it so you can you can compress a
anamorphic which is uh God what is it
that's 16:9 it's what's to 25 to 35
thank you again they do it and so if you
do if you put your anamorphic widescreen
and YouTube it'll just have black bars
on the top and bottom yeah but Vimeo
does it natively in the player so it
fills up the whole player yeah well it's
kind of nice they used to do vertical
videos too
it is fine no one watches vertical
videos yeah
I'd like a vertical video native in the
player because I have an idea for a
miracle video it would look really bad
in any player because we never black
because it has that yeah I'll take up
the full space I see
maybe a great video that you can watch
I want a video that you could watch on
your cell phone vertically oh sure but
you couldn't do that in YouTube right
I'm gonna give it vertical it'll be
it'll have the black bars yeah first
world problems aspect ratios right right
we have a ton of subscribers here I see
a lot of pizza rolls that's great
they're the only ones that are left Big
Ups in the rolls that sounds bad all the
rules are here
Oh
are they asking anything not an
interesting chat all right come on chat
talk to us and we're gonna go away well
I got new steam items pried from tower
fall yellow or Dijon mustard yes yes
what are these
okay get new badges
they're gonna be edges
now
alien and the alien isolation game
coming up it looks interesting but no
who said neither was a really fond of
horror yeah it's it might be a neat
alien simulator yeah but I'm I'm partial
to the second one anyway so I need to
rewatch both of those it's been so long
since I've seen alien are aliens
they just really want those yeah I'm
trying to think of what games come
Anthon I'm really excited about I'm
nothing nothing there's nothing coming
up that I'm particularly excited about
now now I'm very excited to play
guacamelee the the new the new
guacamelee
for the next prereq
I'm excited to have rich play rich
hasn't played it we did we did a boring
game last I haven't so I specifically
chose the most exciting game I could
play I could think of to play no more
turn-based shit
guacamelee incidentally I have not
accepted your friend request because my
my friend request buffer thing is full
yeah I cannot I literally cannot accept
new friends yo so we need cards it's not
you it's me
if you are already friends with us and
have trading cards that you hidden gifts
to us I gots I've got like 55 people
backed off it wouldn't make much of a
difference to me I would need like a
hundred cards to accept everyone so yeah
we're full
like that green box the top my scheme is
my esteem and just won't vanish because
I can't get rid of those 55
I can I can take this I can just say
ignore all yeah but I don't wanna do
that no no no save saving for when you
get up that car dealer when I when I
when I get free slots I accept five more
yep nice so that's the story there all
right sorry gonna ready jack that's all
right that was a valid question though
I'm I don't want to answer that is very
question
yeah ooh next month we get a we hit
Mario Kart 8 DLC so excited about that
that's that's it that's all right now I
know right
super paella they announced the super
meatboy release date November
so that's gonna be super meatboy sorry
sorry binding of issac Iona binding of
issac really steep that's the only game
that me boy finding it be play that's
the game I will only just play that I
will want us to do an episode on it we
shouldn't cuz I will spend the entire
time gushing is it a sequel or is it
just an updated version of the current
game it is a top-down 100% remake Oh
what are they changing them to make it
worth it cuz it's not that old it's not
that old so new levels new art new items
new new everything ever every single
piece of content is new from the ground
up why aren't just call it a sequel cuz
still basically the same thing
Ruka might be excited about it if it's
the same thing it'll run smoother okay
Binding of Isaac is a little notoriously
kind of glitch it'll run on the ps4 and
Vita which is really exciting and like
right now there's no controller support
you need a third-party application to
play the game with a controller even
though it's a twin stick shooter which
played best with controllers okay so all
the controller support update it'll have
a ton of new content I guess it could
have been a sequel mmm it's just the
same I guess I don't know good question
it's honestly the only thing I'm excited
about well what else comes out there's a
big Christmas Bush what comes out this
Christmas theme tell me what comes out I
have no idea what's coming out I looked
I looked before
for the next he there it is let me go
baby he's crying he's naked
he's crying and he's naked
never even heard of any in these games
Oh beyond Earth could be fun
Oh everything sucks not looking not
looking for day if it's that way games
are there too many
you
aim am I looking forward to it none of
this it's all bullshit what game are you
least looking forward to Milo Lisa
yes least looking forward to what does
that mean I don't know I'm being so you
are being silly I what I'm what I see
here is there is a some new Call of Duty
ghosts DLC so don't go well that seems
very uninteresting yeah oh it looks like
you might be able to fight aliens though
oh how do you feel about Borderlands I
haven't played any of them sorry I don't
have a strong opinion I played the first
Borderlands and it's a fun shooter
what's it like it's like a third person
shooter slash driving thing like a
first-person okay first-person shooter
okay like like rage but just cel-shading
yeah kind of the the big thing is is
equipment you know like definitely like
a little RPG because you get the stats
for all your guns and you get to choose
the best gun it's fine shooter colorful
good characters never got into it though
be a little bad about that I'm assuming
both of them are out on the PC because I
just saw a steam ad for the people
yeah I'm fine yeah cuz I'm not playing a
fucking first-person shooter on a
console I know fucking clumsy ass
gamepad I know and I get a new item in
my inventory
I get that I don't know I just got a
card for some reason I wasn't playing a
game
you're weird oh I am playing a game
that's right rich did you play any of
the PC gold box games well I don't even
know what those are
there you go so if you did you never
realize you were doing yes no one the PC
cool gold box games I don't know no idea
oh no I do
okay
I think we've run out yeah
we've run out but I guess if we're gonna
if we're gonna end the stream on
anything oh no some body
