Jun 25, 2014
XCOM: Enemy Unknown
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42850729
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42850241
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42850157
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42850158
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42850083
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42850053
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/42849954
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5KIR7zg6TE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fMr3g6CXho
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYJNJqyBKYs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09GAPb64rUM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-p5oVkyOYtk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXIKtKwAYGk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROJhGZV_I4M
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/481878889749151744
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/481938348089430016

[Part I]
season will save the day you are a big
strong man the ExComm project don't have
enough no I do
commander like anybody is law I fixed
the game I hopefully I fix the game
audio where you guys can hear it now I'm
hoping yeah you can hear a little now
dinkle things
Jimmy jams you should have plenty of
game audio now ramp up the audio more
there's audio it's just quiet yes
it's very quick it's very quiet very
quiet all right it's not that important
well be nice be nine oh no I don't blame
them sit down I must computer that's
what I'm doing I'm turning it up okay
hold on one second I'm just gonna check
real quick
check it out oh yeah checking Jacob I
think I see what's gonna happen
did you guys like the Transformers video
let me tell you that was that was
miserable that was that was just
miserable but it's over at home so I got
that I'll never have to watch all three
chat Transformers movies at once why did
you do it in the first place it was
funny
yeah that's pretty good point all right
so this is the audio better the audio is
better okay good
all right so now we've got our little
startings for you they're gonna ask us
where we want our base yes
every every base starts off with
different benefits and you can even read
them North America 50% less to to house
and buy aircrafts yeah Europe
laboratories and workshops constants %
less to build and maintain Asia future
combat all project in the foundry and
the officer training school cost 50%
less all right now South America we have
ways autopsy's interrogation our
immediate and Africa monthly Escom
funding increased by 30%
oh no right now here's here's here's
here's my opinions okay uh your I like
your personally yeah but in the game
it's fucking useless okay
North America the aircraft benefit
it's not all that great but you do start
off with more money naturally just
because by starting in North America you
automatically have a satellite over
North America and and the USA gives you
the most money as any as any other
individual country okay so you start off
like an extra 150 credits okay
Asia there's some really good bonus
because of the officer training school
okay you really need to get the the
increased squad upgrades okay so that's
that's not a bad one South America is
more useful with with enemy within
because I know there's more benefits to
doing the interrogations of Linna
probably your first time I wouldn't do
it I know when when you play risk South
America is the key there oh we shouldn't
think it's up Australia Australia is not
the key to everything interesting that's
what the Austria Australia is where
where I play when I play risk good
because I'm a dick
and it's hard to get into but according
to people who win at risk South America
I like Africa monthly is just a general
increase of money in in the long run
that's good but it's it's thirty percent
increase but you start off you don't get
that much to begin with so it's the 30%
increase in jack-shit until you have
more satellites once you get more
satellites okay great well you know what
but first starting off I would go with
either North America or a tissue
let's go murica you uncle Mirko why not
when I was going through the tutorials
the very first decision I had to make
was whether to help someone in Chicago
or someone in China and I didn't even
look at the risk or reward I went right
to Chicago
okay I don't care about any other
fucking I'm gonna I'm gonna save America
all right you're playing classic now
you're gonna have to fill out more
fucking attention to the panic level so
all alone would be there we'll get the
panic when we get to panic
all right guys and go go merica screw
Europe and fuck your World Cup yeah it's
called soccer another drops like this
operation will be in Canada
oh we picked up a local broadcast
indicating alien activity within a major
metropolitan area should get down there
and eliminate any hostile move to flank
enemies if possible they're easier to
hit and score critical hits against
neutralize all hostile targets located
secure melds canister those of emissions
okay ready all right launch mission wait
don't I get to name my guys well when we
get to the base target surveys okay
first mission you cloak it okay okay
okay
this career approach evidence 2014 yeah
okay here we go guys here we go we got
team we got team we got a pic we got
team we got everything's gone I'm gonna
say this about I mean they're really
fucked up region your ballots fast I'll
call sex in the a Oh
a tu sabes may be exaggerating sits like
60% women on your army and that's is
weird it's weird its population okay so
now it's population but it's not
typically what you see in the military
all right except maybe like like Israel
or it's like mandatory so here's here's
what I know
I know height advantage is big can I get
up there all right now now you're
playing out classic yeah you are you see
the shields when you walk up to with
them yeah there's the full shield right
which is that no cover there's the half
shield right what's he after on classic
and above that half shield is worth jack
shit okay cuz the aliens get like an
extra 20% hit as it is okay it's it's
next to useless we're gonna check out
this building okay nice to give you bro
I guess I'll let you just play pronounce
yeah let me play if I guy what's your
plan here Jack you want to find out
what's in that building I want to find
out what's in the bill okay but I don't
want this guy to do to go and just get
sicker okay
we're more like a general advice kind of
thing yeah get your guys the position
first breathe and think of breaching a
door right right so now how do I get
open one no I
now you're playing with a controller so
I can't tell you how to switch guys or
do anything like that because I don't
play this way it's the it's the bumpers
oh you got hiks hiks that's perfect for
an alien game can I look in the window
if you're next to it you will
automatically see like a line of sight I
wouldn't go half cover go on that's
gonna go to here yes I get there get
there but now I can't see inside okay
there's nothing inside yeah you don't
want to go again okay here's here's
another general piece of tactical advice
yeah don't you know when the line go
alright alright here's here's how the
basic game works cuz I guess we should
assume people aren't familiar at all
with the game yeah you get you can
either move twice or move once shoot
right the blue line comes for like one
one movement so I care here's a normal
movement and then you can also do that's
considered a - no there is a benefit to
dashing when you're dashing of an aliens
on over launch they're more likely to
miss because you're in theory you're
sprinting when you - never - never -
unless you have a damn good reason - I
guess you you could end up leaving
yourself completely vulnerable like
right here you're safe - - on the other
side of the door because you've already
moved two guys in that area and you know
you're not gonna activate another alien
I just did that yeah okay so now I move
this guy in yeah we're gonna take this
building okay I can I just I just go in
my huh you could would you have to - to
do it sure
when beer guys is a unit bang jack yeah
you're this is teamplay see I would I
would put everybody on overwatch sure
and then start the next role
I haven't put people on oh hold on with
the controller I have no fucking clue
why okay come on why everybody overwatch
comes in to your site you can
automatically just shoot it right right
okay now here's something new you see
that that yellow line yeah all is that
that's telling you where the next
canister of eldest don't worry about it
okay like I said with Mel treated as a
target of opportunity if you're a champ
to see one and you're near it and you
can get it easily grab it
otherwise yeah oh yeah I'm just gonna
just take an over look at the map here
so it's in so nothing is in this part of
the building not that part of building
this other door up there I say that all
right yeah let's so what are you
thinking I'm doing here jack well you
know we can either check the building or
we can fan out over here and head
towards that thing a melt which you say
is not that important well I mean if you
if you make your way over there safely
I'm saying don't do stupid things to get
at it like don't - over there I mean if
you want to make your way over there
slowly that's a fine thing to do okay
that's a fine thing I think I'm gonna
make my way over there slowly but don't
dance
alright now uh you might want to as a
general strategy here designate somebody
as your Scout sure all right no they're
gonna be like like I said you're moving
in that that left direction yeah take
the leftmost person okay pick mover yeah
move her up as far as she can go without
going or yellow so like mover twofer
this blue tile like right here right
like right there yeah
okay okay okay we got this no because
she's your self yeah you don't see you
don't want to you don't want to activate
aliens when you're not ready to deal
with them right so don't move anybody
further than her I'm that way see if you
move her first and she activates
somebody the rest of your squads got to
full movement points to deal with it
don't gotta get the position and to deal
with it I like it you know you don't
want to like move everybody and then
activate an alien and you're kind of
fucked for handling them what's that
that's it that's the belt that's the
Allspark
that's the seol doan fuck fuck you all
right I just went through a traumatic
experience jack I'm okay and you can't
do that shit to me it's not very siren
okay okay wait go here go here heading
out okay but now she has another
movement points ahead like I almost
wanna know if you want to you can't well
I mean I want to if you see if she sees
something yeah she's not gonna be able
to shoot at me she's just gonna be
sitting there waiting for an alien to
get at her well yeah no I'll say this
much with that one you just moved in
yeah you can move her a little bit
further into an area where you know it's
not gonna like there you know what
aliens not gonna pop out you already got
guys in there sure so I would overwatch
and then okay further on the next turn
my eyes move into overwatch just fail no
rich is here to help me you guys let him
to help me correct or else it will just
be me dying for the next four hours
which I know you guys would really enjoy
but I wouldn't necessarily my god
Saville somebody's somebody's gonna die
that's just it's gonna happen yeah
somebody is gonna die okay here we go
I'm on it
where are these aliens sir probably in
the building but if people get that meld
safely that's a good thing that's a good
thing okay all right move as a group and
you unload because there's no time limit
right like right well no dozen times
with a pellet don't you'll get yourself
killed you go all out just to grab a
fuckin milk ass sure it's not as
valuable as a I mean all your guys are
work is right now but it's not as
valuable as a well trained soldiers life
sure because of how you get fucked in
this game is like you have a lot of
people tend to have like their go-to
group of guys that all get leveled at
once some nothing like a group of five
guys or high ranks and they're good
soldiers
you're trying to get through the rest of
the game where nothing cookies okay you
see the blue Sun yeah sound waves
that's no weights and they just saw one
guy in front yeah yeah he well he's
gonna have to get behind good cover sure
well we can get him over here by the
else mark remember a target of
opportunity the NAC aliens yeah
your life is more important okay so I
can get behind this cover here you can
get behind that cover okay
I break in shoot don't worry about that
spin alright
take your time visits there's no rush to
shoot the meeting late right I get your
other guys in the position place and see
what they see sure before you think
about who's gonna shoot him sure jigs
info cover all right Shh while working
your other guys go visit useful and
nearby sitteth Wow's any chance to hit
for now let's let's move our other guys
though some are guys first okay where
can he move not much we can we might be
able to move them over here and you kind
of flank from this way or I could move
him like I'm here but then that's
dashing it's that's dashing but you will
let's see what move that move the cursor
back over there back over here yeah okay
you're probably if you want a dash on
the far one where you'll be out of the
line of sight you'll be simply moved one
over so that's how you cover there yeah
you probably don't know the alien
probably won't have line of sight on you
okay so I think it's safe to - there all
right let's do it
all right you know what we're doing
we're doing it you know what no no not
there but he is you know probably going
there that's why like just roll over
there like if you move over there that's
a - right now if there are aliens up on
the other side of that meld like in that
dark area or they'll activate and they
will probably flank all three or your
fucking guys I could move I can get
we've got to be careful Brady no well
you know what there is you could do what
I would I would get into a situation
this is your first mission so I'm
helping you a bit more and I normally
would okay you see those low covers
behind your guys yeah you can go there
and hunker down sure
hunker down increases your defense and
doubles your defense so that half cover
yeah would essentially be a full cover
if you hunker down okay so I would I
would move him there something a hunker
down hunker down
yeah can you say hunker down be more
hunker down
how the question is that's the shield I
guess I should say hi um now it's been
excellent enemy I don't know how to
oh that moves me up okay that's good
that's I don't know how you do this for
the controllers are the triggers it says
RT next to your bottom this one then the
shield look at thing next your burn aid
is hunker down every time you say hunger
now though here funny expression yeah it
is
let's see here zoom details height
adjust rotate camera swap weapons cancel
overwatch maybe swap weapons no that's
not gonna do it how do you do to do
unused what son you have to be a target
boat oh details I have no idea maybe
everybody Jack insisted on using a
gamepad I like camping we could have
just Mouse right over the shielding
clicked on it well you would think it we
don't it's hurting folks a little let
you switch things there I don't know oh
yeah okay
however watch hunker down okay we
figured it out everyone let's settle the
fuck down you find the hunker down but I
did it ended by the way it is actually
called hunker down I'm assuming that's
worth it you know did you know hunker
down that's my favorite band from the
eighties
okay okay you know when you hunker down
yeah that's circle around you hunker
down
yeah that's your hunkered down
line-of-sight okay when you're hunkered
down you can't be as far than when
you're not going down so when you're
hooker down if an alien were to move
within that circle you're hunkered down
radius yeah yeah you would only see it
there but if anything outside of that
you're like that curved line okay oh
well do you cancel the turn by over
watched hunker down it's not my porn
name
I've decided hunker down when it's down
hunker down oh my god what's he doing
some minor stuff oh my god he just blew
up my shit this is good this is very
good this is good yes this is where me
in the crib we're gonna kill all these
fuckers in one shot okay great okay all
right all right Sam
I'm helping you more than I love this is
the first mission I'm quest so not like
I could just go up and shoot there let
me explain something scroll over near
the aliens in that area okay
all right you see the purple the purple
oh yeah that's
mine alright okay one thing these guys
are called sectoid that most people
cobra have a sick dog
okay one of them can mine merged with
the other and one of the two of them
gives more help and a higher chance to
get a critical hit on you okay
right but the danger with that is if you
killed the one that he's connected to
the weaker one they both die so what
we're gonna do is you're gonna run right
on move the camera rotate the camera bit
about this way yeah you see that hi
cover and that blue thing you're gonna
run right there I know it looks like
you're gonna be horribly expose yeah
we're gonna fix that out there well I do
I'm here you might still be able to do
it I don't know how are we apart we
throw grenades in there let's find out
so if I do this all right scroll up can
you fit all three of them yeah there all
day okay
now the proper grading is you don't get
like the weapon fragments but it's more
important to live okay you only do this
I want you to do that
using explosives I know this we've seen
in caves you break just just speaking
gibberish we had now but we got yelled
at we can't research now oh and we can't
get the thing it's done since we're
relying and that's more important okay
so should we go we're gonna we're gonna
keep well don't don't go anything
because I care for camp move no we're
gonna play a little bit safe on this
term move some of your guys forward but
don't go any further than her huh
okay well I'll move you to full cover
right over here go with that yeah see if
there's anything over here no don't see
anything over watch and then you maybe
will view over here see if there's any
jams over here
no no jams but you on overwatch and then
I got one more dude hey dude
and we'll have you come over here you
have to - but that's fine
ten for a me rice alien activity all
right
oh yeah you may as well start heading
there but you might might get the other
one in time maybe not but that's is that
- I'm constantly - oh my god that's a -
okay but we can hide behind this you can
words are becoming meaningless to me -
I'm just saying - over and over
terminology J but what do you do when
you say a word over then I'll get over
it loses all beanies and then it just
sounds like gibberish a word like hunker
down
I'm Deanne could we all just take a
moment interred in the commune I'm
cookie and mustard ooh
could we who scare the D um z aboot is
it Husker Du or whose car do the band
yeah who's good disco skirt okay
I say that with the authority of not
really knowing so you should know
they're not all right and then the next
mission check I'm giving you minimal
input okay yeah no this is this is good
this is
let's move slowly I'm trying to I'm
trying to move as slow as I can I'm
gonna move this guy a little bit you
want to cuz I just want him a little bit
closer okay
well you could probably get away with
yeah I just want to move there's no
aliens Oh whatever you do don't activate
an alien if you're gonna do this you'll
have
okay great and then you're already on
overwatch okay it's just that she threw
a grenade things are burning down
well the aliens are that way but the Mel
probably go to the belt first I want to
go for the mouth cuz the Mel blaze timer
the aliens don't right but now never
have a stone I always move like the
forward guy first
I do this okay I totally can
okay I just run in there and you can see
what happens you don't want if you know
you can always run back out sure if you
fuck you oh there's no one in here
well there might be someone in that dark
corner unlikely but yes here yeah I know
the aliens are over there actually on
the first mission I think there's only
two pods so I don't think there can be
anyone else other than the aliens are
behind you sure what practice practice
there might be an attack sure okay all
right get in here guys let's all get in
here it's all just really get in here
where you're gonna take this Jam so
what's the story by this game your
military aliens aliens are just to have
started landing on earth and they are
abducting off I never miss trying to do
something about it so we are the elite
it's it's all about finding their shit
I'm researching their shit building
better weapons and just trying to get on
a level with my feet with Elias
okay okay so now we can go see this Jam
yeah see you start off with like
conventional weapon hands and
bulletproof vest and you end with like
super lasers and harps how do we do
we're gonna run with you one right up
next to it and you should be able to do
it well I know what a mouse I just click
on it huh
with a controller there you hate to
collect secure meld collected all right
so now we go to the next thing okay so
now we can head back out to these guys
yes it's gonna start making your way
back out that these guys fun I think
they're like out here right well they're
probably in the building sure but I do
not even sure myself okay
now people are saying the game audio is
too loud make up your fucking mind
that's you gotta find the heavy you
gotta find a happy medium okay guys hold
on hold on how about how about there of
course there's no audio playing right at
the moment so you won't be able to tell
just yet
no I know yeah are you a Juggalo that's
a Juggalo thing
oh no way that was the sound of is that
the the Jimmy's name no no I know you
want to run outside with her because you
can't do line but don't don't spread
your guys out too much do you get those
guys in the back of the building closer
to you I wouldn't do that how do you
know what then I'm not gonna you can -
those guys up cuz you know this area is
safe yeah no no everyone's saying the
audio was fine before now it's too low
fucking with us I'm pretty sure they're
all fucking with us okay overwatch yep
and overwatch
and alien moves why do I know what poop
is a Juggalo thing because I'm down with
it I go to the gathering of the Juggalos
every year now Jesus Christ J oh my god
here I can get a guy in a roof which
will be great unless the aliens are
inside that building don't we want a guy
in a room well not if you can't shoot
aliens that are in a building you want a
guy in a roof if you can shoot something
sure sure rich or whatever Jack there
will be plenty of roofs well there yes
well there be yes I know this okay
overwatch MELD collected this person -
gobble JS adios - hi it's just too
lovable got aliens
you got aliens in it you got to take it
over why shot okay which will miss
because your soldiers have bad aim
because the rookies but technically it
was a good thing to put somebody on
overwatch my head on overwatch oh god
they all got a good cover all right oh
he's in half cover yeah I can't get the
full cover okay okay all right
this lady can get worse unless
furbishing go you may as well bring her
there all those aliens you're creepy
looking yeah yeah and then you can get
to this cover work okay why didn't you -
them anyone useful no no never I mean we
can get we can get - here ya go there oh
god time when we can name two half
colors up nothing full coverage full
cover okay overwatch overwatch scanning
alien activity
now I bear probably come on I want to go
over here everything right there yeah I
want to get behind there jams
you got nothing alien what are you doing
breaking a window
I'm in full cover bitch alright okay
okay
I got this I got like speed me up yeah
the little skinny's cam alright now when
you're playing on classic especially
with weaker troops grenades are your
friends grenades are my friend what what
I would do yeah I mean you can't you
can't do the same thing you did two
birds one stone to get the one that's
mine Mulder it's too deep in the
building I would throw a grenade at the
alien no it's not good grenades only do
three damage okay he's got four it'll
bring him down to one health but the
good thing about grenades is they
destroy most cover Oh
so the stripy grenade he won't die but
he'll be low on health and mostly
exposed okay let's see if we can do this
they're all exposed actually not mostly
I could do so like that yeah what do I
mean yeah and then you can shoot him but
probably probably get a hit with one of
the other guys other guys okay let's do
this let's do this
frag out bouncing in Oh boom so then we
go over to this gym Oh 74% is that good
for a wookie yes okay
but rookies sign oh this XCOM is a
lesson and not gambling sure where did
you go did you - yeah I'm gonna flank
I'm gonna flank them
Oh goodbye okay that's I got this guy's
as good as you can hope for
everybody misses well that's fine that's
fine
Oh what's he doing and he did a mind
merge that's fine but I'm not that guy
is gonna be so fucking flanks he doesn't
even know what's going on he doesn't
even know him right here or he does he
miss no shit we got that gone good
he probably won't he's got nothing oh
he's on overwatch he's got nothing
can I do this oh wait see okay
Sam stop look and decide see what
everybody else see what everyone else
has shot on okay
no fire nothing what is the other guy
have a good eye here can 46% all right
is that the only ilium you can see where
she is
oh yeah are those all right you see the
one by the door and the one behind the
van are they in the same grenade range
can you throw a grenade and take both
out with the one who's an unknown maybe
maybe maybe uh let's turn the camera
around so you can see the other one
like swing the camera see yeah I know
you can't swing right here and okay
right its controller so I don't know
okay yes try it
the restaurant but okay still grenade
yourself oh yes I just noticed we could
do that okay here we go whoa I even get
a catchy one-liner okay you don't wanna
all right you know what it's okay
no targets available um put the camera
back around I'm not a mover 1 square
over to the high cover 2 like this you
do that no not the other side okay to
this side yeah if you move the other the
site you were going to yeah then they
only easily flanked you the next term
feels sure okay so now that Greg did
destroy its cover so you might be able
to help
yeah 60% that's okay that's okay it's
worth taking I did it but the right
people like he you just killed yeah I
can I killed the correct people NATO
soldiers I know I told you not to - ever
but can you get to that high cover up
there yeah the one further over where
you can't shoot you over sir I'd go
there okay all right I know I told you
never Titan I know but I now want you to
do this this is why taking advice is
tough sometimes all right I want to get
I want to say at one point never cross
the streams and at the end they had to
cross the streams
what that's Jay that's not the worst
idea jack
that's not the way can unless he goes
over I don't nothing possibly move that
far to hit you from like you're kind of
excited cuz that wall fell under your
track nose I'm gonna try it
probably an overwatch but no we didn't
see him go on okay oh oh
did you tell you're gonna fuck up my
world not kind of kinda that's not bad
Oh panicked what is that Oh Oh God
this is where what your panic now jean
chain panic
what chain panic panic is bad what what
your guys your guys are fighting aliens
and they're freaking out
if somebody gets alright this is where
the will comes in the point ah there's
psychic ship but though that's we want
probably won't even get to that there's
like a low a will for each soldier and a
soldier with low will is more prone to
panicking so if like you're solely if
they get they if they get shot they see
one of their friends die they might go
into panic which means you can't do
anything with them for a turn and they
they even might freak out and shoot at
their own guys oh my god yeah 25% is not
a good chance what else what else do you
got the other guy it was not panicked uh
I can move him here where she might have
a better shot but he's always but he's
got a grenade
so okay he'll be dead this turn no
matter what you do um so I could do here
anything Frank move him up on that half
cover this one yeah okay and go back to
her I go back to her she's got a forty
five percent chance to hit yeah you may
as well take it because if you kill him
without the grenade you get the weapon
for sure all right right minutes that's
okay grenade this s okay and next
mission is all you oh Jesus okay now
don't grenade my own people
no but I'll hit him here yeah and he eat
this that's my cat you on liner
whoo what were some of our one-liners
for space cub nonsensical ones I tell
him we don't know logical but I would
never what they were Surf's Up I think
okay we did it all right we got it our
first mission not bad not bad
Oh
apparently what I would've done
apparently using a grenade on your
shoulder regenerates their shields yeah
we'll try that next time we're using a
weapon
Agron using a grenade on their soldiers
actually Regeneron stereos it's funny I
listened remove skeleton we get it
upgrade resistance I figured out you
know I'm picking up on this shit now
yeah situation new jerks
most of you nerds are speaking gibberish
to me all right all right now we can
name some soldiers oh all right that's
it let's see what your promotion got you
know they got three rats having an
assault and sniper not bad not bad
okay so promote do i yeah okay the first
one it's not rocket science you only
have one in Boca creech other one you
can see there's like two like cowards
you can pick it from me oh great two
abilities okay well okay so you're a
rocket er yeah running gun run line a
lot of fire you can use running run you
can fire on a - great
bitch massive amounts of damage from
snipers start off pretty lame yeah by
the time you get higher up in the
rankings they are absolutely deadly oh
we got a lot of stuff great that's great
it's all fine okay so all right now
before you do anything yeah we don't
want your scientists to be sitting
around doing nothing of research no
research and pick a research project
okay dr. Farland this is my very bad
German accent oh no oh god that reminds
me that there was a crazy German
scientist at the amazing spider-man 2 I
was hanging to talk about that in the
discussion oh my god it was embarrassing
it wasn't that comical like like 50s
b-movie éxito so stupid isn't it the
worst when you like meet someone and
they think they do a really good accent
oh oh dear okay start a new research
project let's hear meld recombination oh
but we don't really care about that
xenobiologist just think about what's
your whatever okay we don't have enough
Frank was the important ones and that
that selection were the weapons
fragments and so then we go to
engineering yeah this tutorial you go a
little cutscene I'm I'm dr. cargo shorts
he literally has cargo shorts with a CJ
I'm comfortable and I can carry many key
build facilities probably right um what
we have let's see what a medkit or a
satellite we got that or we have now
okay now yours I guess we'll talk about
some strategy ish type of things right
now sure there's there's something in
this game called panic fortunately can
you go to the war room is there an issue
there Ian still off-limits now how this
works is how you lose XCOM is when seven
countries drop out of the XCOM
organization whole thing bolts you lose
your funding for everybody you lose the
game so if it's like a country panics
too much of you do if the country goes
into the red there's like five stages of
panic this two blue ones couple yellow
ones then the last one is red at the end
of the month any country that's in the
red for panic drops up okay okay okay
the way you stave off panic is like if
you're near the end of the month and you
got like a country on the red or like on
the yellow you might want to put a
satellite over that country alright
satellites are expensive and they take
like 20 days to build so you got you
gotta plan ahead with your satellites so
so I would spend a hundred right now
have Shen start building you a satellite
okay so fill the item yeah so start
building satellites that building
satellite and it's just one yep okay
well you weren't probably not to be able
to afford to build to I had three
hundred we might we might we might we
might want other things I just don't
just okay sure okay I think actually
here's the other reason you can't do
that go to out one screen that go to
build facilities yeah to build
satellites you need satellite uplinks oh
okay for each satellite uplink you only
get two satellites oh Jesus Christ
you start off with one so if you wanted
to build more than one satellite now
you'd have to build another uplink okay
so you have to build another uplink and
if you wanna build another uplink you
gotta worry about having enough power
stations to power at the satellite up so
for now we're just doing one set
okay do I need to build any of these
facilities um Steve what how because
these are actually like underground I
don't think you can build another uplink
right now kind of generator Sears here's
another one of the aspects of the game
well I'll get into this week you know
what we'll go back to this later I'll
explain some of this once we should get
a host yeah okay let's go to the
barracks and we can start naming people
yay
okay view soldiers Hey
all right so there was somebody you
wanted a name do we have anybody from
Sweden today everyone from Serena we oh
yeah we do let me go back go back look
at the country save this somebody from
Sweden in your barracks oh my god do we
have one sweetest friend is that keep
going down no that's that's another ones
this Norway that's Norway that's yeah
there we go there's a Swedish guy okay
yeah someone asked me to name them and I
need to find their Leon Ness I want to
say his name is what I wrote it down
well I'm seeing all these pizza rolls
pop up so I'm guessing those are old
people for pizza rolls people who
subscribe to the stream will get named
this is one special case and everybody
else is gonna be a pizza roll guy that
everyone else is gonna be defeats a roll
guy is uh can we name them after the
members of the Insane Clown Posse my
favorite band
nope okay
yo okay
there is lianas Oh a family I didn't do
it right
confirm last name nothing apparently we
needed some sort of last name um SSSs
okay okay
I hope this thank you hey sir get B's
here Oh sir QP is our is our very first
but non are LM moderator and so sir
Kippy gets a and get to cut see game get
to name the top I got what's happening
once we already used and sherry let's
see how it's fine now people are telling
us the names of the Insane Clown Posse
if they really want to do that no Vito
Shaggy 2 dope that's one of their names
here we go so this is gonna be so you're
sticking to be right here customized
first name it sir sir
our lovely modeling us out with all the
chance all the jammie-jams dessert campy
okay who else we got here hey we're
gonna lady to do everything ladies in
the chat no ladies in the chair I mean
there people are yesterday no be
double-oh-seven
okay well are you from Canada er now is
that is that so where the pizza Oh
master Kenobi yeah
first name master okay last time yeah
you type it in Kenobi thanks s oh my god
this cordis or smaller short well no
there's a couple ladies Hey okay Kenobi
okay firm confirm all right let's see
who else we got here
all right all right what's one of our do
we have a ladies room it's relating
through suggested Megan LaFox Megan what
about a what about Michael one okay okay
Michael one is apparently a just change
the last name because it's short because
I think that's the one that shows up on
them oh yeah sure how's that spelled
where they go Maya I don't know you know
what can't we can't we can't tease
Michael like that we said Micah's name
and then can't spell it on a scroll up
how was that Micah one lever spell too
many jams purple name with a pizza roll
next to it oh yeah I was a pizza roll
and apparently they were a cutie oh
there it is mm I why am i why AC what a
sheen
all right Amy her name is your name is
Amy no good just - - okay this one is
fun all right let's see those we got we
got a couple we'll do a couple more
here's a Beatrice it's rule odd mutation
a mutation okay first name mutation oh
my god nitesh oh my god oh my god
wrong or something nah why that's keeper
I'm pick the rookies I use the keyboard
outside all right we'll do it we'll do
one more John first when I see here's
junky low three John kilo three first
name John the same key no three all
right now let's get back to it
all right all right we'll come back and
we'll pay more we'll make more as needed
and then can we like is that all we can
do this horse like upgrading this shit
yeah they need X number of kills where
you know great a little say after a
mission okay if they're due for a
promotion you're soulless we don't need
to okay so now where should we go we're
gonna go to the mission control mission
control yeah and scan for activity all
right is this moves time forward in the
game let's do it on the bottom right
this is like how many days your research
has yeah how many days of the satellites
build you don't want to ignore that shit
well no I'm just seeing what I wasn't
coming to view abduction sites South
Africa all right now see this bar here
yeah this is panic I said that you panic
obviously the to blue you know so it's
fairly low but sure could be better
Germany's got two and China's got better
right here's here's how panic works okay
yeah if you the country you pick the the
panic will like reduced by one yeah and
the panic for every other cut
three in that continent will just stay
the same Oh unless you do like really
good I think it might go down for every
country in that comment the the other
two yeah the ones you don't pick panic
will go up by two on that individual
country and one in every other country
in that continent Jesus yes yes managing
panic is pain in the ass so you probably
want to pick one of the two with - I'm
good Melanie ball you want to look at
the rewards to Germany gives me four
engineers four scientists engineers are
vital yeah so you could pick scientists
but at some point you hit a wall even if
the scientists invent something neat you
might need so many engineers to build it
anyway right so engineers are good okay
all right let's go to Germany that
Germany hi who we take we're taking
we're taking uh my AK Kenobi Gympie
we're gonna we're gonna change that
somebody you're like that's so clear
unit yep and add unit where did I take
Leon
Jerry should we get all rookies er no
you want to you want to level up some
guys - okay I I wouldn't take any more
than one Ricky alright you can help it
hi let's do it
until you until you get a squat upgrade
actually as long as you got four guys it
as long as they're available I would
make sure everybody is not a rookie okay
let's go then
doing it going to Germany in our and our
shield Helicarrier
it's much too small to be a shilling
both or not what's what's the little
ones called what's the ones from agents
the quinjets yeah this looks like a
shell but I know the Avengers have a
Quinjet oh all right
begin assault let's go motherfuckers
what do the aliens want being really
fucking lame I say that Oh spoiler
you're spoiling a three-year-old game
okay neutralize all hostile targets okay
insecure mouth cancers okay launching go
go go go go
I'll say that they do want to alter
human beings in unspeakable ways
oh what's that like it could be cool
okay
all this is great this is now this is
mostly all you this is gonna be out of
me I might give just the most general
bits of advice but if you see me like
completely fucking out if absolutely
what if things start going self yeah
I'll start giving advice okay all right
I'm gonna see if I can take this
building see if I can take this building
see if I can take this building see if I
can take this building

[Part II]
I want to alter Rich Evans that is
then it's just creepy that's a little
weird
you know one Ds guy his name is dick boy
sir is he talking about like like me his
child is that the elder of you as a
child or just things could have turned
out so different is that the sugars
pizza bear are you dick the birthday boy
are you the showbiz pizza man here we go
here we go
what why can't I overwatch you did you
woman what's going what's going on oh my
god people are growing nuts of the pizza
bear I can't now yeah well good then
they're subscribers that's the thing
that all these subscribers oh oh here's
why you can't move yeah that's your
sniper yeah snipers have to shoot first
they can't move and shoot well I want to
over oh so you see you can you could you
could do what you could switch to the
pistol and overwatch with the pistol but
the pistol does dick damage sure but I
mean it's not like I can shoot you might
mildly annoying alien if you're lucky
sure okay oh okay aliens are moving now
for that reason yeah always move your
sniper last okay that's good to know
all right I'm going in we're going in
we're going in hot we're going in heavy
faces and shit that show up in the chat
everyone so I don't know how you do that
I don't know I don't know how people do
that I know I don't care how they do it
I swear oh the hell they're supposed to
be okay all right
Roger all right going in going in we're
fucking going in - oh you got nothing I
know they find nobody in here
well you can lean on you can see there's
nobody in this main area right well I
bet I'm still oh you know I know you're
you tell me to take it easy this is a
store that sells TVs and couches right I
doesn't know that makes a fair amount of
sense yeah all right here we go
I didn't you didn't move your sniper
last year MJ oh shit I forgot already I
know I know okay now which one which one
can - and move at the same time then
well you don't want to do that unless
you can actually yeah you okay that's it
that's got it
oh so you can only use once you do that
it's like two terms before you can use
it again okay so you save that for when
you actually need it well I want to
check out what's in here I wouldn't open
the door in this term I'd wait to open
the door I'm breaking my rule no no I
know it's just you're being so
incredibly stupid
oh no I also have wasn't gonna bring it
down this turn I'm just kidding I'm just
gonna move everyone you you do what your
will and everybody in the chat can have
a laugh yeah sometimes the best thing
for a person is to just do something
really really stupid I know there we go
we're gonna kick down this door and
there's gonna be nothing in here I know
that to be true rich Evans would you
start a movie called dick damage and all
the character does just shoot dicks um
I'm assuming this person doesn't know
about the are Robocop
really our Robocop remake yeah look look
up Robocop and shoot dick off our
Robocop remake yeah and she got remake
shoot dick off that Simmons is so
amazing annual you'll have a fine night
fine night yeah
just watch it over and over it's so
perfectly done it's so strangely
arousing whoa just changes everything
now oh oh okay moved in the room oh okay
yeah yeah people left it's just an odd
cover to tape we were exposed to what's
on the outside of that door it's so
weird
put it in so weird you're so weird Dex
someone keeps saying that if you die
they're gonna force you to watch Frank
Stallone movies for a week straight but
they're saying that like it's a threat
that would be amazing I love Frank
Stallone okay
okay all right never move you in here
and now we're on this little room
together so hopefully no one throws a
grenade in here
do they have grenades there's some
unlike the ends I have great these these
little Grey's that you get early on see
billions are gonna start ramping up at
some point these little greys are like
little scientists guys we're just going
about their business right they're not
really soldiers sure so they don't have
grenades sure okay so we know that
there's a number for years before you
move out the door yeah open it you can
open it without crossing movement oh you
can yeah Oh see this I did not know yeah
just by pressing hey it looks like it I
know what I do with a mouse but you're
using a controller and this is alien to
me sure appropriately I see that it only
only two of them on the two we can that
means you know that means you can
fucking take them wait wait so Mike what
kind of shot you have without even
moving around him oh sure I didn't even
think about that not a good one okay
okay can I go how do you get to the
other no no I'll tell you this just
business is nothing this is not advice
this is just a technical thing because
you don't know these things huh that's
you're heavy they have a rocket launcher
you can only use the rocket launcher at
the start of the turn you can't let's
like the sniper you can't move and use
the rocket launcher so if you do you get
one shot of mission but you'd have to do
it before you move so I'm just letting
you know that yeah sure okay sure
okay so seventeen and thirty seven
percent that's not good
no get out of here so we're gonna move
over here we're gonna move one guy over
here to cover
yeah okay on the goods I what is what's
his special he's a rookie he has no
special okay good
guess what look now here has probably it
says full shield but they they can still
hit them right Nick yeah it's it's not
annuity sure I don't want to go over
though Oh where's oh hi rook no no okay
I'm thinking it through her I'm thinking
it okay
how glad you did that I think I'm very
glad you did I know I know
hey okay so we're gonna move the rookie
here and we're gonna see what their shit
and then I'm gonna oh I know what I want
to do okay I know what I'm gonna do so
here's my sniper I can move my sniper
here you can but they won't be able to
do jack shit I can't reject you in any
way but I'm just saying they can shoot
with a pistol they can't use a sniper
rifle why not oh you can't move them
shoot gotcha gotcha okay well then I'll
just move her here for next time
unless they can hit her they can hit her
well yeah but then she's just useless
like a queen you gotta move the Queen up
to use it
I doubt it I'm doing it what what you
could do is hunker down yeah
or you get shoot with the pistol I'm
gonna hunker down okay we got 49 what
events pretty good but I could I mean I
could I could frag but it's just two of
them well I can't say anything no don't
say anything
I'm gonna try I'm gonna try I'm gonna
try to hit him okay all right that's
fine that's fine
what do you do for tea that's even worse
yeah only XCOM will teach you that 75%
is bad odds
and you gotta know where you got nowhere
to be and this is your your your shear
salt guy so he does have the running
powder
I don't know I don't know if that's
useful here so I could so theoretically
you could run to the far one and fling
him in theory I could - like right here
well you could yeah but other alien
would kill you on the very next turn if
you did that sure but I can I could -
you could - there I could that's right
here and shoot you sit out of this alien
yeah if you do decide to use a running
gun yeah remember to click on it first
sure then do the move but use the power
before moving I can also move him over
here yes you're good you could
but I need to click on the run and gun
furnace ok navels need to fire but
nineties items after dashing can I open
the door after I - I think so
wow that's me you know what let's find
out so I'm gonna do that I'm pretty sure
you can I'm gonna - here because that I
have full cover and I'll flank them I am
trying to be very silent but I kind of
like that okay alright I'm thinking so
now if I open the door yeah what's the
other guy had 70 well fuck it let's do
it ah boom not bad that was awesome salt
this is my favorite class in the game
the assault is the most versatile class
in the game man
all the other ones want you to use
specific weapon later the heavy ass used
machine gun the sniper has to use a
sniper rifle the assault can use an
assault rifle or a shotgun okay there's
a lot of different interesting buildings
you can do with an assault I just don't
know like obviously I mean I just don't
have a good shot but I'm not what will
take take stock of your inventory what
can you I have you conveyed you can't
use anybody else right no he the other
guy shot already in the lady moves so
like this is my last minute so I could
hunker or I could use a grenade and get
rid of them
I know what I would do um here's what
here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna push
out a little bit and use a grenade okay
I don't want to because I feel like
that's cheap but I also don't want
anyone to die yeah what there's nothing
wrong with cheap
you have to stay Oh
all right then that's what I'm doing
once once that soldier is dead she's
dead
she's not coming back oh right this is
that is exactly what I've done okay all
right and that's what I thought you
would do that's why I did it
w w re d yeah okay oh I only have one
turn to get to that chant get it now cuz
they're also the aliens came from that
direction it's the thing don't - don't -
well her Jevons do not - what about
hunker down is it a good time to hunker
down rich Evans would hunker straight
the fuck down
honking down is very useful honking down
honking tell me about girl hug down
twice a week if I could all right and I
know that's not the proper grammar yeah
okay what's your shot like 20 how is
that possible your your art well for one
all your guys are fairly well ranking
right and you know the aim goes up
specially cuz you got randomized she
probably had shit aim to begin uh okay I
am well we don't worry about you yet so
how about you rock where can you move no
we're good
like here's a full cover but you're very
close you know I I know exactly what
well I know you know what exactly what
you would do it like my heart of hearts
I want to - over here
oh my god 100k okay you want a - over
there yeah I know what you're showing
your hand - I guess I shouldn't do that
all right let's see here let's see so
weird fingers I know I know I know how
to handle essential well sure but this
is my I know playing the game all right
all right
not over there all right all right well
so I got this guy just needs to get in
the game you got to get in the game dawg
see I'm I'm bout to silence somebody is
telling Jay to tell jack settle down
everybody that's always telling me to
tell Jack to remove the skeleton Jack
remove those skeletons oh yeah
can I get the other guy yes yes Chad I
know that's that's exactly what Jack
should do what Jesus Christ guys are
exactly right
oh you guys just settle down settle down
for one hunter sucker down for a minute
we're just gonna hunker down for a
little bit Oh No oh hey no come here
remove aliens what a friend oh the
Allspark the old swarm you couldn't
throw it
such try and throw it a little bit
further in my chair you see what you see
why things get highlighted yeah the red
things are what's gonna get blown up all
right the yellow apparently that's a
friendly fire object yeah so if you can
I can do in such a look there I think
good no I don't think I hit him oh yeah
wait right now I do okay
what thing
oh I probably can't get to in time you
know begin huh you can't now okay well
then bugger
was that all the aliens no apparently
not
oh so close okay no cars yeah very
deadly cars can be definitely okay
during your turn you see car of this
flame coming out of the hood yeah don't
be I'll be anywhere near the car at the
end of the term okay as it will blow up
the beginning of the next journey okay
that's good to know
you stay in one over there they're just
talking about the other transformers
three and I'm thinking about it it's
making me laugh well you know you gotta
love children this hero and I you know I
think the ideal thing to do is to have
him shoot somebody who's begging for
mercy in the face
children I children's icon who talks
about peace and and and desiring peace
and friendliness more than anything who
does the voice of up those problems
something :
right yeah Peter : Peter : do you think
II read that script and it's just like
paycheck yeah yeah yeah that's all you
thought that's all I care about
so can I be next to this car an hour no
it's on fire so well I think it's okay
it's okay
alright there's no fire damage that you
can't move on to a square that's on fire
sure
okay we're gonna now we're gonna start
moving our guys over here moving our
jams
check check out this area you doing good
Jeff did it was that the right that was
right that was the right call
yeah I wouldn't get there I knew I'd get
there eventually whose idea was it to
watch all three do you remember we were
talking about the transports for and not
wanting to have anything to do with it
yeah I said well why don't we just watch
the first three all at once oh okay I
couldn't remember who came up with that
I'm glad that people are enjoying it
because it's certainly wasn't fun to sit
through you were saying how nauseous you
fell yeah it doesn't end up in the video
but I was genuinely feeling like sick to
my stomach at certain points okay yeah I
was getting like a headache still
probably on the other side of that
building oh oh I see if there's a jam
over there
oh damn it now I wasted all those
movements that's okay that's okay
there's nothing you not the time yeah
well what some good we do there's more
Cutler's cars over here mm-hmm but
there's also more building cover over
here so let's head around this way
because why the fuck not
well you can also go through the
building how I suppose it's just like
you know it's one of those things for a
second we've already been in the
building that's fine if you want to see
new areas I understand I do understands
cuz what if I could what if I come
across a nice little jam that I want to
do me Jack if you just change the gems
to a John so you get some wonderful
sponsorship deals Jones everybody likes
Jimmy Jones
I'll show Jimmy Jones for a buck for a
buck one lot literally a buck you buy
that Frank I really need money okay
you need that sweet
give it give it at Jimmy cash alright
somebody on the shad is giving you
advice they say go kill the aliens oh
yes thank you thank you huh
that's live you're probably right
alright alright guys I think we're doing
well you're doing well if you're going
aren't doing well nobody is dead yeah
nobody is injured you're doing fine
posted that building just blew long cuz
your things were on fire oh you want to
be covered taking you wanna be covered
you want to be careful taking cover
behind things that are on during or near
summer that's burning because they might
collapse briar and that'll leave you
exposed okay hey Jack win the game can
you win yeah okay that's it seems like a
weird question but I didn't know if it
was just one of those like Oh like I
must run okay you can delay the end as
long as you want but victory points yes
okay are there any games where the
outcome is always going to be horrible
like the world's going to be destroyed
or something and the only game is to
what
oh you're baiting me the same mass
effect 3 aren't you no no I'm simply a
game where it's gonna end bad for the
earth or whatever and the goal of the
game is not to prevent bad things from
happening even just to prolong them as
much as possible there's a game there's
a flash game I forget what it's called
or everybody's dying of some horrible
disease and you're like a scientist and
the thing of the game is like you can
choose whether or not to spend time with
your family or work on a cure oh that's
interesting and supposedly it's Riggs
that you can only play this game once oh
my god man it's like I've got a cookie
or something oh you can't play the game
ever again see that's interesting yeah
and and pretty much every ending is
terrible
all right that's nothing taketake I'm a
six-time - if we got who's wonder what
their powers are what their items are I
am I got a plan
okay I don't know if it's a good plan
that's fine it's something that one
someone saying that game is superman 64
that the but like you know we were
talking about that last week like what a
good like superman game would be and i
was thinking about it and it's a lot of
this where it's like superman has to
choose who he helps right it's just like
the important thing about a superhero
game is feeling like the superhero and
so here you have control over all
helping all the world but you have to
choose to only help some people yeah
and that's like Superman right yeah some
sort of moral dilemma game yeah I'd be
interested in someone and then and then
it's like if you don't help a certain
country they get pissed at you or you
just you just have to watch the news
ticker of like a thousand dead in
Cambodia because Superman was in Germany
it shouldn't about having like a a
difficult challenge
I mean feeling like Superman means
feeling invulnerable but if you'll be
feeling invulnerable to you know like
bullets you can say sure feel the feels
I'll go with that I'll go with that
okay I'm gonna get you right over here
no that's not a good place oh we can get
you here one chance is the game yeah
that's it and that's a flash game that's
online I think it's a flash game online
yarmulke I don't technically flash or
something else but it's a browser okay
hi I see you fucks what are you doing oh
it's my immersion oh that's that's good
that's good see you know if you take him
out the other one dies okay good yeah
we're just gonna get my we're gonna get
my ladies a little closer
oh hey where you going so what's your
strategy Jack what are you doing so
here's my plan you know I got I got this
guy over here right yes and he's my
flanker and so I'm gonna get there's not
a lot of cover over here unfortunately
some maybe but only there's only two
aliens oh I have a rocket launcher but
the fuck am i doing I have a rocket
launcher this lady has a rocket lot know
this lady
there's someone saying stream me playing
last chance so maybe we can do that in
the future oh yeah I would be genuinely
curious to play this game okay cuz I
could just throw a grenade - they're
both melded why not
oh okay
oh no okay I can only hit the wall you
only need to kill one oh yeah so it's
like I know the guy who's doing the
merging and the merge II dies okay and
we don't know how many groups of aliens
are in this level no I imagine this is
it well they're fuckin I'm just gonna
throw a grenade at that both oh there
might be somebody else in this level
then sure don't go near the cars don't
go neither cars cuz they're on fire I
want to find that other see what I would
have done slightly different but yeah
and I don't I don't disapprove of what
you did huh I probably would have tried
because you had the other guy within the
grenade range I would have tried to get
a flanking shot to kill that guy no way
you could have got the weapon fragments
too but what you did was perfectly fine
sure you know now but now I have to find
the jams right the UH you're probably
not gonna find it at this point
currently time down yeah oh yeah yeah
it's not right core they are full time
down
okay so we got fine the rest of the
aliens oh I said the levels not over
unless the turn will end no some glitchy
reason but yeah yeah well it's ed over
here then you know we can see I thought
that would have been everyone but
my guess for me yeah I guess it was only
six okay yeah there's more
probably the aliens fell asleep from
boredom somewhere no come motherfucker
welcome to our no you know what if you
can't appreciate X come next coming more
becoming undoing Jack's playing well and
I am playing very slowly because I'm
sorry yeah so so I could definitely see
that well if you know if you're playing
classic difficulty right you're playing
it slow right so you're doing everything
right you guys wanted this is basically
what we're saying yeah you guys want a
classic all right so this is your hey oh
yeah there are still millions here I'm
not near them I got here though I see
those cars blow up yeah well that's good
then my my guy can go along that route
now cuz they're all blown up now yeah
you want to be at least one that happens
you want to be at least one square away
sure okay well now let's try to move out
here and see if we can find some aliens
some pathetic cover by that garbage can
I mean that's all I know that's fine
it's fine okay okay he's just a rookie
and that wall blew up so you can't take
cover against that wall that's fine why
is it building staying up I don't know
that's a good question right
let's just hate that there's no cover
out here but it's like oh I'm dashing -
no fuck that play it safe can rich play
XCOM next well I don't know that I can
because I think I would the game too
quick no it's true he's not it's very
good
how many hours do you have an ex-con I
don't know exactly right this moment but
I think it's 500 oh my god yeah a year
no well couple years no Leon we have not
watched the rollerblade seven yet I
gotta get him happy of it I don't think
we have all right there did you order
one jack I didn't order one nothing I do
they just don't know about is this
that's what Frank Stallone Frank so oh
yeah like a rollerblade injustice force
okay all right now we know where they
are
yeah I love the sound waves they're very
very helpful yes okay so they're in
there somewhere I don't like that though
let's um let's take this jam why you
stick him up there and see if they're in
that building or the next one
yeah let's oh I can't look in the window
yeah I go here Anna rich have you played
the Mass Effect 3 extended ending I just
why you know I didn't bother to download
or to just watch videos and did you give
up after you play I can't even carry I
can't even play the first two because
the whole series feels like a funeral
march oh you said you were trying to
like replay it I tried replay the first
one after the fact and it it just feels
depressing
you have with us you drive with a
shotgun no I just say the traffic idea
in general right I know you could I can
take my should stop and ask whether or
not you should sure it is such a this
let's do it but you know it's not that
it's not the worst no I'm gonna take you
know what just for scheitz and goggles
I'm gonna take my sniper guy up there
cuz you could run along the roof and
then like jump down and one behind
somebody is not the worst but I am was
giving you shit - yeah I'm gonna take my
sniper lady up there just because I
haven't been up yet go up oh look she's
climbing on nothing if the mass effect
of one of whatever they called the the
altered ending they didn't really change
the ending they just kind of explained
their bad ideas in more detail not at
all satisfied
I'm happy with this I didn't play a
little bit of XCOM the bureau it's
terrible
rich stop being a backseat gamer yeah
you're right
no no did you call me out on that that's
fine
I have asked rich to be a backseat gamer
mostly for the stream because if it was
just me like I said I tried this morning
just to make sure everything was running
smoothly playing this and I lost on the
first mission I lost all of my people
cuz I didn't know what I was doing
yes you will you should go ahead I'm
gonna answer a question here okay I
never played mass spec should I play the
first one I just never touched the
sequel's
if you like a good story yes the
gameplay itself has not aged well and it
wasn't great at the time but there is no
better story in most movies some great
characters so yeah I play the first
maybe even the second if you don't mind
blue balls cuz you're never gonna get a
good resolution to make that cliffhanger
but it's still a good game Richard ever
played Minecraft no I have not would you
consider playing it on the show uh yeah
I could certainly playing that at some
point that's an older game isn't it my
crime at this point is yeah I thought so
backdoor gamer back to her camera
that sounds sec door mayor backdoor
gamer mera no three is not worth playing
but the ending it's it's it's it's it's
a lesser game all around it really is it
really is no so even the disappointing I
mean aside it's not that great
I know it's it's actually two action
eight oh yeah yeah they cut down on the
dialogue options you have less control
over your character which is really a
selling point in the first two games all
right we know where you are now I say to
no one in particular they're in here
they're at away would you play Red Dead
Redemption on the show I know go play
gun on the show I love Red Dead
Redemption it's the closest you're gonna
get to uh good the bad and the ugly game
but but I mean the show we we are trying
to do newer stuff I mean
I wouldn't be against maybe possibly
streaming it someday but not not that we
have any plans to do so right now I was
wind Reed being the winner as being win
I don't know I started just doing wind
noise for the awkward silence and then
that just turn into weather in general
all right okay you know what that's very
fair enough
all right coming back now hey but I made
it up on the roof Shoop all right come
back down
this and overwatch alright forget it
jack you're gonna get I'm getting it I
got I got a good plan over here we'll
have this one that's probably one of the
launderer Misha's late mom I wanna see
mission maps in the game I can't believe
this is taking us so long maybe it's me
universe problem is you haven't hunkered
down enough oh you know why you're
probably all right look there's some
maps were they're small enough you end
up activating like every single alien
and at once and it's a nightmare
they're over here somewhere finally
found him finally found him alright
alright that's okay that's okay
you know what they got no no no you're
the worst rich I can't hold it
yeah it's alright you know yeah it's
okay rich you know what they got they
got nothing there we go now we got eyes
on them they got nothing you don't even
know how much nothing they got guys to
move you do you have any no not you not
you you do you have any movement left no
you're all in you're all in orange okay
so let's go back to you
I'm gonna figure this out okay okay I'm
gonna figure this out so that was my one
movement over there so I could just go
into overwatch and if he tries to he's
light I'm gonna let you know that right
now are you alright makers there's
what's how do I know he's flanked see
his shield yeah yellow yellow is flanked
you see you see the cover yeah you see
where he is you see where you are
oh I'm totally you are totally flaked
okay well then you are really easy what
we're gonna do okay that's fine so when
I have that yellow shield yellow shield
that means you work late
that means I'm fucked you are fucked
okay guess what then boom easy peasy
no longer fucked alright that's good to
know somebody's saying run run run red
pill or blue pill I don't even remember
which did which reads all the matrix
yeah somebody submitted well I think I
don't remember either I mean probably
red stop blue not stop right maybe seen
that move it Vegas is blue is well okay
would you stay in the matrix or would
you leave I stay the matrix really only
only if I kept knowing it was the matrix
because then I'd be like then I'd be
like super athlete I'd definitely stay
in the matrix they also all right here's
here's what my hair's all I have a merit
I would leave the matrix and then I
would get to the city of Zion and regret
that decision for the rest of my life
this is what the real world's like it's
a bunch of rocks and some rays what is
this jungle it's a fucking because
you're you're you you can still be hit
when you're behind behind full cover but
I'm behind a wall and so you're
technically peeking out to leave how I
suppose okay all right all right
he's not dead be glad for that I am so
he can sell you didn't even see him so
he can see you you can't see him right
that's a weird thing yeah but I got this
fuck I do okay alright so what I what
can I do over here not much
oh do you have a supergroup no you don't
have a supergroup bidden to sing don't
stay in that's all I said Leon is super
worried about his character by the way
Jackie yeah Leon is the one who got hit
okay ba no wait it's not hit Leon's
right there that's Kenobi I did not
kenobi one of the other oh yeah no oh s
is fine aren't you Ricky hit me very
much like a promotion well you know what
I'm still very worried what do you got
my my initial thought I don't know where
this alien is which is obviously a huge
downside well you know you know he's
shot at your guy right yeah so you know
he's not on overwatch
oh so I could move here and probably get
it pretty clear shot at or at least see
where he is
yeah and then if he's if I'm fuck
thinking I was going to run away
I can hunker down either run away or
hunker down okay I would run away red
well Oh No look at this I got him well
49 percent ooh the thing video game is
there a thing video game there is a
thing video game I heard about I don't
know anything about don't think it's
very good I heard I know what exists
okay okay I'm only in half cover I
believe it takes place right after the
John Carpenter okay so are you Kurt
Russell and you're sitting out in the
cold
I think you are I think that's how it
starts oh really yeah like rich can I
just move here and shoot him in the face
you can isn't that wonderful
I mean I'm totally oh yes you can all
right I'm totally gonna do that then so
now I'm here no I'm gonna explain
something here just a little bit of X is
a great great no all right you see this
100 percent chance to hit yeah she has
70 percent critical yeah all right when
somebody's flanked you get a really good
chance to do a critical hit
I forget exactly what the numbers think
when I don't think it's quite twice as
much damage but it's like half as much
as like one hundred and fifty percent
damage on a critical hit now go to
somebody else we go back we're still get
sure okay we're still good ship nowhere
I just want take a look at the other guy
Leon
okay now go to his point of view see the
critical 10% nailing it in cover you
only have like a 10% chance to hit it
just goes it jumped up like technically
it only jumped up I think 40 minute 40%
he's dead I know it's just funny I fail
I'm gonna shoot just want to show you
critical that's okay oh thank you okay
all right you got zero melt but you got
eight kills and you got a I believe Leon
got promotions Leon let's let's find out
what Yardley sssss back to the middle of
America the cornerstone of civilization
as we know it I'm just gonna keep
offending her where's sonic spot is
there any sort of Bob just escaped from
New York video game or Snake Plissken
video game I mean there's probably a
mess one I don't know no that might be
oh well I wonder if I carry sleevee
Snake Plissken this game needs to exist
if it doesn't oh it's this play deploy a
smoke grenade of once permission the
smoke confers plus 20% damage telling us
not to sell another doesn't last through
oh that's great hey Leon you got some
good stats dog sir Gibby's wounded Oh
God he's not dead he'll be back so that
his name is appropriate surgery so give
me gunshot the lady I'm sorry sir
oh I got a medal
oh yeah these are new to enemy within
okay I can go to the barrack you can you
can give a medal to an individual
soldier and there's a limited number of
metal spawn and they have each each one
has some kind of different special
effect these works have heads five
minutes okay because you got because you
got engineers there's an award for this
mission that happened eight years ago
because that map is so large right now
that you have engineers you can you can
start building workshops workshops give
you more engineers okay great for
engineers so so the two continents that
you didn't say because you can only pick
one panic increase so let's continue
this is totally the Superman game go to
the Situation Room because that is open
to us now oh wait but we can now honor
our soldiers we we can listen to them
talk oh you can't hear I'm sorry okay
but so now okay you can you can take a
look at what the panic is for each
country all men South Africa's all fuck
South Africa's fuck so if we get a a
satellite or we're going to get one at
the end of this month I'm building it
right like if you put it on South Africa
yeah that'll knock the panic down I
think it's too okay but once they reach
critical panic and they leave can we get
him back no oh okay so you ex-con
finances visit the gray market well good
to all get to all this stuff um you can
go you can go to the crime market now or
not probably not gonna use it right the
second okay go there you can sell things
real members of the council you collect
oh no you got to keep in mind though you
might need some of the stuff to build
things like like god-like weapon
fragments if you watch this movie
research like the laser cannons you want
to build laser cannons huh you need so
many weapon fragments to build them
right so you got a figure a factor
between what you want to build and how
much money you by the way they're only
paying five gue petite lives for a sec
toy corpse
bloop any gloves like an probably a
million dollars is it I don't know
what's a glue pretty classical pretty
glib
I'm assuming it's like a million bucks
okay I'm assuming all right so there's
nothing much we can do in the situation
room yet
no well I mean this is just so you can
keep track of what's one okay
actually with enemy within once you get
them I forget what they call the bad
organization's name but that'll be later
phone we if we even get to it all right
all right you know what let's let's do
this let's take a little break any group
Brady Brooke we're gonna get some waters
and we're gonna run a commercial and and
I'm just gonna not have these headphones
on my head fur you guys love commercials
right okay I'm just warning it I just
warning you that I'm like oh boy that's
a good temper breeze I think it's a good
time for a break okay guys we will be
back in a couple minutes in juvie juice
we're not
okay guys we have fresh beers we've
eaten chips I'm in the middle just got
crazy shit got crazy y'all you know not
so many chips for Eaton's you know we
begin be getting jiggy with it y'all
know there was a semi driving by from
ways and a whole pallet of chips just
came crashing through our wall
you guys okay wait so what do we do now
I don't know
rich know what's going alright let me go
to my Barret spin cuz I think I get two
Oh medals I get to do a medal look okay
let's see here you can't rename the
metal or everyone she call it the
fuckface badge of dumb huh Jimmy Jam oh
one Olien asked a big long thing where
did that go that he's very grateful that
his character survived and got promoted
yeah I can't no word it OS on you're
doing God's honest work jack
that's true rich you keep backseat play
and Jay I want to hear more obscure
movie references like shut or the
Citizen Kane of movies directly did we
say that do we say dark man was the
Citizen Kane I did see that somebody
from last room saw dark man for the
first time because we mentioned it in
the stream fun dark man is amazing I
don't know I don't think this is a
terribly obscure movie that I just
watched a movie called enemy starring
Jake Gyllenhaal it came out last year oh
yeah and it might be my favorite movie
in the last few years that's fucking
great is that so long if he comes back
with post with a PSTD no it's a movie
where he is this college teacher and
late one night he's watching a movie ha
ha and he
he's an extra in that movie that looks
just like him and so he tracked them
down and gets kind of obsessed with them
and then there's this interconnecting
thing between the the him and the other
hand and their relationships and it's so
fucking good
oh yeah it's really creepy like I was
like nervous and unsettled throughout
the entire runtime they kind of gave me
the feeling I get when I watch a David
Lynch movie it was so good enemy enemy
yeah where's James you know it's a
little abstract but and not in a way
where there's meant to be any sort of
like clear concrete explanation of
things it's it's yeah it's really good I
like that Jake Gyllenhaal now whenever
somebody gets a Jimmy geminal I think
there's like five that can get headed
out the total yeah it will be this power
oh okay so +5 to defense or +5 to aim
against enemies and full cover yeah
don't defense you go with you know what
defense okay all right that's it this
might call the main leave only counts
got counts against enemies in full cover
and you should be trying to flame gonna
be some full cover in the first place
oh I didn't think about yeah this is why
we have you here rage alright this
lecture is permanent it cannot be undone
boom are you gonna see undone just made
me think
did you see the the great school kids
performing the sweater song and failing
none pletely oh my god is there
something reason yeah it's it was a fire
recently it was I'll show it to you
later because we can I don't want to
like pause this dream to me okay so now
I can award the medal to someone so I
promise it is you got the injured guys
go down to the bottom of the list you I
don't know okay yes I have seen this
must be the place I like that movie a
lot Sean Penn's really good that sir
gimpy is assault and assault is the one
that cannot that's one the shotgun that
condition and shoot I thought that was
Leon well we all support
and what's the heavy have you got the
rocket launcher and the the chain gun oh
if we give it too heavy then just to be
our tank yeah yeah I'm gonna let you
make this decision that's gonna be that
yeah Kenobi Kenobi gets it I mean Abby's
the tank he absorbs all the damage who
is that that's the soldier that got the
pollution Oh
forgetting whoreson guy who's that
commander you just gave her a medal hey
well I haven't seen him in a while so
yeah whatever fucking okay great great
so now everything's happened until we
can go to the Mission Control and scan
for activity and for activity oh shit oh
shit oh shit what's happening your
research got done troops so we can
transfer what my team is able to
accomplish and how do you suggest we do
this dr.
to say I've just completed confirms that
the aliens physiology is quite similar
to our own a highly concentrated
electrical jackass listening very
intently sorry guys a couple of people
or maybe the same person over and over
as met asked about the raid redemption I
haven't seen it I haven't seen the first
raid I know I have to it's supposed to
be really great but I haven't gotten
around to it yeah I hear really good
things about that the raid and then yeah
the second part came out earlier this
year find out what they want
oh he was just really easily convinced
Bruce likes aliens I don't want to catch
aliens alive well I guess you okay all
right I'm a highly ranked military
commander and I see absolutely no value
in catching an enemy alive sir are you
sure about that okay you've convinced
that was literally that whole Sam
Bradford has to be the record where he
throws out the dumb suggestion so that
other people can explain the plot sure
okay you never want your researchers to
not be researching that right silly
capture live anyway that's okay so these
these are the objective because you get
you get objectives as you go through the
game okay so the first thing you need to
do to progress the plot is you need to
capture an alien to do that you're gonna
eventually need to build this thing
which is like you need to build an alien
jail okay okay
facilitative am I suppose here by rent
okay great so no it's it's what to
research most so so there's the arc
thrower which is a priority of Aaron
well we'll go through this token that's
stun gun basically oh oh I get you you
know where you have your grenade yeah
this is an inventory item so instead of
giving this little drawer grenade you'd
give them a stun gun sorry for you
capture so you can capture an alien okay
there's weapon fragments alien materials
meld and the autopsy the meld I guess
it's not urgent but let's talk about the
fragments and the alien materials okay
these basically weapon fragments are
gonna lead to developing better weapons
okay
the alien materials are going to lead to
developing better armor okay
I'm gonna let you make this decision but
I'm gonna tell you and that's one should
probably be one of those Stewart so you
don't think we should build the stuff
we'll have time by the time we get our
fucking prison built and sharing lap
time so so basically I have to choose
between an attack and defense yeah I am
it's it's the first step on a research
tree that will get you better guns are
better Armour sure I am usually one for
defense okay just because I'm usually
pretty bad in the game so I want to stay
alive longer okay and so I'm gonna
choose alien materials
oh wait there some dialogues yeah I say
studying us
the fact is going yeah you know if I
were listening to this I could probably
speak along with her played this game
okay great okay great okay great okay
great okay great

[Part III]
okay great live all right so that's
everything so now we go back to the
Mission Control all right yeah okay and
scan for activity not a lot happening Oh
a UFO yes there is a UFO flying over the
United States Oh No now they both do the
same thing but they're late so I mean
doesn't really matter what you pick
everyone go this is the one area of the
game they could probably improve on it
oh yeah yeah there's not much thought
that goes into the aerial bells they
just kind of happen for the most part
okay
I mean eventually you're gonna have to
upgrade weapons then they'll be some
ship new ships you can build but during
the actual combat section you're they're
not doing jack shit the only thing you
can do is work
sure so it looks like your guys about
that you see the red going yeah okay oh
I win okay see wasn't that fun no it's
just the one area to game that they use
a major overhaul I don't know why they
kept that so dumb oh yeah that was
really well you know the they had the
rest of the game to worry about it well
the rest looks great right it says like
I mean I think they're done upgrading
this one because they released the
complete edition sooner I wish there
might be some great girl mansion having
it go into FTL right there yeah some
kind of expansion to that aerial sure
magnifier uh-huh
commander yeah yeah all right strike
team strike team y'all the long war mod
improves aerial combat I'll have to look
into that more okay okay so we're gonna
oh yeah so you shot them I don't know
what's gonna happen here is you're gonna
send a Plane full of troops to go secure
the area okay so you can steal all of
the alien goodies oh yeah let's do that
all right we got all our jams here we
got my cutter chicken OB Gympie
synthesis all right launch mission
let's go commander let's go hi Oh
someone's asking about vanquish didn't
you do a game station on that it's a
horribly fun game okay we're gonna look
through the game station episodes on
your site or your bridge stock swap
angulation what about you asking about
just want me to talk about yeah if you
never do an episode on it
episode probably not but we might stream
it at some point there you go that's
what these dreams are for I think for
the most part the episodes are gonna be
for the most part newer games newer
games or important titles and was like I
recently saw someone just made an app
like an epic FTL review yeah that was
great
so it's like I would love to do
something like that but like really long
and deputy kind of thing well not even
it like it just it was just a review
about a game that is now two three years
old okay and but still offense a lot
much like this game still a faint oh my
god what am I
you're looking for a flying saucer you
would think it would that would be
really easy to find we voted on our
sampling I know I know but they're gonna
make you poke around for it
sure okay it's kind of like it's like
it's usually not behind you
but yeah well yeah all right I'm gonna
I'm gonna head over here I'm gonna head
I want to go in this rubble this rubble
seems like a nice place to go
actually most times it's usually
straight ahead straight ahead for the
most part yeah that rubble all right
let's go let's see what's over here
oh what's that that's what what is that
like a little arrow pointing us in the
right direction oh that's weird
that's weird it's not a game play oh no
that's an L oh that's a broken slide
okay why would they do that okay we're
gonna we're gonna cover our asses over
here I've never noticed that well they
help
here no way to get you over here it's
Kimberly bricks your sniper I think I
can't kind of kind of here at their
earphones Kimberly boys now I can like
point her out okay I'm just got a
distinct voice of those people who just
does like video game voice over she's
done anything else I'm not familiar with
it yeah she was Barbara Gordon and the
Batman games she was in Mass Effect but
other things
oh the Allspark is that way mm-hmm what
is this actually called um no it's milk
canister okay the MELD is I cuz I need
to stop going at the else part you've
got the else part thank you
well I want that melt so we are gonna
head
so we're here and I'm not gonna - I'm
just learning that's fine just looking
that's fine I just want to let you know
oh that's stashing - fucking everything
stashing cuz you're going around that
buckets in your blogs true that you got
cinder blocked oh good good my can we
move last there are Snipes I'm over here
I hate
what's over here oh I don't know dunno I
don't know what my hope level should be
no I told ya I'd make you do that one
alone no I just like I said Justin you
know you once I if it looks like I'm
really about to fuck up okay like with
that shield that 5% shield Jam you know
thank you that was the right call oh
yeah yeah yeah overwatch you know what I
just want to move you a little closer
because everyone else is in overwatch so
I can get you little are you loving a
jack oh oh well there we go
oh hey am i loving it
uh yeah I am I'm so alien czar over
there Allspark is over there I don't
necessarily oh my god oh good oh wow
that's okay that's okay
not good okay oh I said oh good and he
goes Oh Leon Oh Oh what you panicked you
got shot Oh No
Chaim panic what the fuck guys Oh No
I thought you were soldiers I'm sorry
you find a fucking alien horde I'm not a
trained soldier raise this fuck he's
over here somewhere
Oh fucking fucking hell okay okay what's
what's what's going on with your sniper
my sniper might be in panic
oh no she's over here she's in very bad
cover yes boss
can I hit anyone change my sniper rifle
no I can't I can't um I can move my
sniper here I would go one over to the
left
so what venom oh no no next to that oh
yeah yeah I would go on that buck
let's go over here nope okay okay
so no fish all right Oh God okay don't
panic I'm not panicking I'm panicking
you might see she's fine just take a
pistol-shot
or did she reach with a grenade I have a
55 percent sniper 25% critical what she
move she shouldn't be able to show you
she got promotion huh did she get a
promotion maybe I can June that's all I
know
oh no you didn't take that it's not the
headshot you didn't take snapshot over
did you promote her no no no this is a
regular shot not a headshot see the
headshot Oh Oh
coz you hope it's grayed out nevermind I
can do a regular shot okay okay
that's that's okay well you can only
switch to the pistol you can't shoot
with a sniper then I had this and she
moved yeah try do it no thanks hello oh
yeah okay here right you can okay I
would see if you can reach her that
grenade just to just see if you can't
don't throw it just we're gonna see if
you can
I don't you can't there's it there's
another guy over here can't reach him
either so it's a moot point okay okay
let's see what's going on with your
assault guy see this guy
oh there's anything over there I
couldn't have a running gun I do have a
running gun what kind of cover we got
over here can you get all the way up
there huh get on four past the iliad
even up normally like in that wall there
where's the other alien oh yeah I could
go here is Yu Balian from behind and
then you get in they can't get inside
there can't get inside and no we're okay
you know where I would go
why would you go because I'm gonna help
me out want now because that does to
panic is there I'd go there shoot the
exposed one okay so then we have to do
after you'll make sure you do the
running gun yeah running gun first
it was something about speed of death
you just said so go here you did I'm
badass McGee and I stick things like
that yeah apparently I go up and over
oh I had there was the second level oh
fuck I could have just stand up there so
now oh yeah that's great yeah I love
assaults I love them so much I'm just
gonna try cuz it's like hunker down
hunkered down has a 55% shot and with a
pistol you can't kill him you you might
critical but it's so unlikely I'm going
down OH
what does that mean trying to pull back
if he's running away
oh good knows he knows that you're a
salt could flank him easily yeah all
right all right I know your guys
panicked anymore so that's good yes okay
okay I have guided you out of that storm
give rich the next metal net rich is the
real robotics calm rich is helping too
much listen Jersey Jack play the game
the way you want yeah dog the way I want
gets food gets me killed I can get up
here there's no cover I'm bad is that if
there's no cover
bad bad yeah oh yeah I can go here
the aliens behind you so you're
effectively like what no Kofi are you
playing classic classic go here with him
damn you can't move shoot anyway so you
could
I want my sniper up here okay
okay oh I got a circuit and some of
these guys ranked up yeah
and we're going we're doing it yeah go
here right here not be careful because
when you're moving around like this you
might alert other aliens which you
definitely do not want right now right
now we're just gonna I just want to get
closer to them he's gonna be in half
cover if you do that okay that's okay
the alien ran away well fuck them
oh he's moving up okay great I not
thought the Allspark was right there
running around shooting at you hey hey
hey guess what we're gonna calm down
that's myth number one what's on the
other other side that wall oh yeah
that's good cover over here but I have
more cover over here
I would imagine well you can't you
probably don't have a good line of sight
from there right you probably you can go
there you'd be covered great they
wouldn't be able to shoot you you can't
shoot then also look to your right just
play on the camera around over here and
the camera around to your right warum
that way you see that like that glow
yeah there's the alien ship right done
oh great good what does that mean and
I'd be careful about getting too close
to that why you've got aliens running
around sure because there's probably
also aliens in the flying saucer so I
changed my mind about going to the other
side yeah I'm gonna be a bad idea okay I
mean I like this side this side seems
safe okay
now let's switch back don't know we have
our sniper can she get a shot I mean I
can only male fifty for her it's not the
worst not the worst ah she's got a
height advantage which I think gives her
extra cover now let's see what happens
you're gonna make a bad shot when they
say I can't believe it you are having
terrible work well it sounds terrible
I'm okay I'm terrible look we don't want
to get too far with you but I could I
could people want you to stop helping
rich why should I be here at all that
you can answer questions people can
settle down rich is helping me and if I
don't want him to help I will tell him
not to help you answer questions the
comments are all shit like rich has a
big dick it's not gonna lead to a great
conversation yeah
and rich loves this camp that's all
right okay I have a bit of a plan okay
well let you explain your plan for the
for the sake of the people watching the
stream for the sake of the people
watching the stream so I got I got this
I got shotgun McGuirk over here my god I
guess this is assists oh I can still
move synthesis is a freelance reference
was it was a student whatever was his
name
I think was Stu McGuirk he shoots evil
in the face nice lucky you what are you
okay oh no I have never heard of slug a
freelance no shotgun McGuirk is just a
name that I came up with I want it done
what I know I know I know I can't get it
anyway so it doesn't matter memorize
anybody in bad cover huh is anybody in
bad cover
ah the only the lady upstairs I'm just
so but I have three taken aliens and
then this here lady is gonna flank
she'll get me my flank alright so he
does have her grenade - yeah he's got a
grenade oh and he's a smoke bomber now I
forgot it are dense it doesn't do
anything for offense Oh
make sure ilion's don't get in the smoke
area because they'll gain the benefits
oh okay oh oh they mind melded oh oh
you're coming too close I got you
oh my god she's dead she's dead
technically she's only injured right now
but we don't have a med kit so we can't
help her she died we have to find a way
to end this mission in three turns
somebody go everybody oh she's not dead
yet but she will
I don't think there's any way you're
gonna we're gonna save her save her yeah
sure
can always blow this chump up but then I
have the blow one up and I don't like
that she had his fly I hold on to it
yeah probably can't get him with a
grenade from here No all right we're
just we're getting our plane could you
have taken a regular shot I could but it
was that like 30% okay she's got
terrible aim then yeah so this guy
though I got no running gun already use
that bangs it again um you haven't
usually it was a fireman but not use
that word spent two terms yeah got a
cool down but it's not that long sure
can you tell what a guy mind mulling him
is coming from just out of curiosity is
it where is he
oh he might be up he might be the one
that's up hey well one went up yeah so
theoretically though I could run him gun
and shoot this guy right in the face and
you'll get we can't shoot up to the wall
no no I'll be over here well this the
gun is mine Mulligan though we'll shoot
you on the next turn I thought they both
died you know only the one that's
sending the power to the other one oh so
if I shoot him you shoot him the one
that's getting juiced up die step
gotcha okay I can't I can't hit him from
here
alright alright we can do this I can fit
I can figure this out
hey where's your other guy my uh he's
over here he's indeed you know what he
is he's useless he's useless cuz I was
playing him safe
he's got smoke
bring him like I bring him this way so I
don't want to get too close to the alien
ship um it's what you're saying because
if I guess yeah
then aliens if I have a very good reason
why you should okay and she can only be
stabilized if I had a med kit if I just
be up to her you would have to you have
to get all of the aliens dead right and
end the mission right you say that's not
gonna happen right okay okay okay oh hey
you know what I know I told you not to
use the rocket I don't like the idea of
using it it's it's really it's the best
thing I have Thank You alien I know I
know you're gonna need it coming up
though oh I can't i over watched her Oh
Oh God yeah yeah you know what I'm
that's terrible that's tear over
watching over what can you see anyone
huh can you see anyone no no no there so
nobody has a line of sight on him either
okay what's you what's your other guy's
situation yeah just wait he's just back
here being a fuck he's low on health
yeah yeah you said being a fuck so over
watch him and
can you even do I get him on the up huh
yeah yeah let's smoke him
no I'm not here oh yeah I would I could
get him here nice Dylan me I would start
moving him around to the other side away
from the spaceship away from this guy
hunker down in that one corner there
it's one hour yeah overwatch Eddie
overwatch they don't have my side yeah
all right
Haley a move let's see what they do what
are you gonna do
nope
oh they may sorry okay did they just
recover though they might have fuckin
what's that this beeping oh that's your
dying sniper man
well no no they hid he missed her yeah
he destroyed her covered she's exposed
okay so you know what we're moving
probably if I get over here I might be
able to get a shot on both of them try
alrightlet's is there and hop I can go
to state state at all cover oh yeah all
right yeah that's good let's try here
wonder if I can
oh you know what can i carnate him both
now or no I can grenade one oh I can't
move my camera to see if I hit him all
right no I don't have you won't die we
want some deaths he can die yeah you're
gonna destroy her son guys cover but he
can move yeah I can do he's not over
watching I think I see now just time
just started um and we could also try
and save your rocket use the grenade and
take the weaker guy out I could get both
of them with a rocket
okay we are you dead calculate yes
calculating ciao Oh riches can get two
of the rocket or one with a grenade do
it do it
your rocket no you got alright something
to keep in mind with the rocket okay
yeah grenades 100 percent chance to land
where the game says they are now aim
with that that rocket launcher I moved
first I can't even write them oh you
moved all right um okay great great
sorry guys this is getting intense
just make sure you kill him I don't way
to do this without destroying cover okay
alright ready yeah doing it she who
wrought it alright now we're gonna need
to move that salt somewhere safe right
we can move him around here do it
no I didn't think you would have line of
sight going around the corner that side
all right
hey no he missed that's good oh oh
that's what happened okay
my 30% that's nothing take it take it
take it or hunker down or make one of
those unlucky shots too early huh all
right
fuck that alien fucking fuck up Brighton
it's alien this is whole don't do that
kit is that an option in the game is
that right next to hunker down okay so
now we go back we I want to go to the
alien ship there's another guy running
around we trust me jack we want to kill
him first okay okay all right so then
I'm gonna move this fuck up Oh
where can I go what's up here is any
good you're not going up there I'm just
seeing a good cover just seeing if
there's good cover I want some cover and
there's none I can go here go to the car
and hunker down
go to the car and hunker down for this
one off hunker down hunker indeed get
here and hunker in dead and ogre all
right
aliens activity oh my god oh she's gonna
play too
yeah just okay
we can go here or we can run here but I
think I'm gonna oh I know
I got ya we'll play it safe we'll go
here no targets available okay all right
that's fine all right
and then we'll over watch her move
everybody else first and over watch the
last just in case something should come
up sure you might need an extra gun I
can't be can't be where are you going
where is the alien I think he's up here
baby you got a running gun right if you
move in there you get retreat he might
be on overlying there's no great option
no there's no great option don't get too
close to the sorceress all I'm saying
okay I will not get too close here
though I'll take this half cover here
okay see if there's anything over here
where you go where did he go why don't
men Oh
oh is that him where nope
I thought this was then no that was the
other melt oh I didn't go I don't know
let's let's I could hunker reload right
out here I'm told about Hamel yeah you
see you're done you got on the bottom
right yeah you see how that bar is
half-full yeah your analyst hatful you
get four shots before you have to reload
okay you have infinite reloads okay
so don't you know what no you're in
they'll die in one hit though and your
and a half cover I would hunker down but
if there's a safe time to do it later
sure we're gonna reload okay I just wipe
just something to keep an eye on
everyone gets four bullets except for
the heavy they get three okay because
they were their gun needs so much ammo
you know yeah oh yeah he's up there yeah
yeah oh is that so
it's something in the back corner that
okay we just saw first let's hang on
that great that great she sees him does
she hit him did she hit him I don't know
I don't know nope all right
I was exciting though yeah it was
exciting how you couldn't see anything
okay he's behind that thing oh my cows
killed
Oh a new path and because my cows killed
we got one panic oh we are to panic and
no nope this is doing great all right
since this is you are our only hope
so he's over here now we know that we're
always behind the the old milk canister
right okay but oh my guys because their
panic they can't do shit they can't do
shit but he's over here they're not
dashing with him no I'm not bashing I'm
just we know right where he is right you
just can't do anything the bottom no all
right well then we're gonna just go over
one over watch okay
that's what we're gonna do I should have
had my camera net oh now you're good you
just needed that you just needed a
little moment you fuck
wait don't what what there's no because
she's a heavy yeah she's not the best
person to move first because of the
rocket because she can't shoot the
rocket after a move okay I wouldn't move
her first yeah I'd be careful with him
moving him first cuz he's got little
health the aliens on overwatch and he
gets hit he's dead sure so I would move
the assault post yes salt first
giimpse alright gimps come here ready
OOP somebody says try winning jack oh
you know you're right Oh what does that
mean wait you got blinked but it's bad
these far away 70% critical but 34 to
hit now it's yours
so if you get hit with that 34 it's a
critical hit but no you could do
switch to your pistol yeah it'll be a
critical so you might you might be able
to kill him
70 percent ahead 70 percent to hit 52
critical all right how about nope okay
but now we know where he is
yeah so I couldn't get him there you'll
probably still be like to think oh yeah
you got another shot all right 72 hit 62
Kristi Leung can save our ass
Leonce SSSs I love this game
okay I regroup everybody reload
everybody and we're gonna make our way
to the saucer okay I'll move you here
whoa oh yeah that was the dash cam that
comes up every now and then it's
somewhat random reload everybody okay
yeah that's so good so we can reload you
I'll switch back to that shotgun
you can't the pistols infinite ammo so
I'm just here no you're safe for now
okay
not gun now we reload reloading second
okay and then reload reload assault
rifle
I bet Leon's happy that he got that kill
and then reload LMG locked and loaded
alright so now we make our way to make
our way cautiously to the alien
spacecraft okay be cautious mr. Doran
detect yeah mmm no I mean the closed
door
alright we're yep alright you see with
scroll up you see that that that thing
there that yeah yeah that's the door
it's closed so if you sneak up on the
door they won't see you coming with the
slicer done this some of you can yeah
that's the door that's a closed door so
that's the one if you can get over there
without them seeing you
yeah it's the important part sure it's a
good thing okay well let's see
see hey let's you know let's see we're
gonna be a little like this is not a
good place to be but if they don't see
me it doesn't matter
yeah all right when the aliens see you
yeah they will all automatically go and
cover they don't they don't instantly
shoot sure well then I'm just gonna
fuckin - oh well you might activate a
one-year - sure it's the only problem
with that I just mean between turns I
don't think you can die I could - over
here you go now the other they say
leave him there trust me trust me my man
with a flint okay I believe you
overwatch and she dashed so she's got
nothing
oh okay and they're coming from inside
the ship I know that okay
keep making her cautiously around there
okay go this way you go again let's do
that
cautiously better no further further
okay far away from that open door as
possible good good good
this is all working this is I'm sure for
everyone a very exciting team of us
talking and making lots of jokes this
one everyone should I get to it already
right this is the this is the problem
with playing like a real game like this
fucking sneaking around any play Mario
Kart yeah yeah next Wednesday we're
gonna do a fun stream
we're gonna bring Mario Kart and Super
Smash Bros fun this is fun for you and
me this is fun for you guys yeah other
people in the chat board I don't know
are you people bored in the chat please
answers are you bored I'm personally
kind of bored yeah okay he's he's in
position for now leave it man yes he's
right were where we wanted okay great
I'm just gonna overwatch a night
yeah I know you're coming from in there
we don't okay so you we're gonna we're
gonna keep making our way here I think
that assault is our ace in the hole
sure I could - though yeah he probably
could here yes
okay I'm just gonna - and be here at a
shirt
all right here we go here we go here we
go
you just over watching yeah well don't
well over watch last night Justin kiss I
think she'd go wrong yeah like it's
gonna be close to the door or so okay go
there okay good okay good so now
overwatch and overwatch all right all
right now our our heavy hitter yeah
we're gonna put her right next to the
closed door okay this is gonna be
swat-style jack
okay why do you want me to - there go to
that one for now this one for now yeah
now you want me to overwatch it you
won't be dead ah you want me to get like
cuz I can't overwatch is just in case
just in case of some it's fubar okay
this state yeah okay inch him next to
her I can learn I'm not on the close eye
on the far side okay okay oh my god oh
my god the alien flight computer would
be goodness yes there are goodies okay
okay okay okay
for watch you
I just hate hey guess what giimpse
you're doing great doing great you're
just hanging there for a second
okay now take the the not her don't go
around on that side you can move him
first okay have him go around to one
side of that door they can go like right
there right here right next to it no no
the other cover side okay very like away
over there right no no no because he
won't have a line of sight on everything
there he's going there oh okay okay that
was close - that's why we left her
assault there though this
oh my sin the Lord it's a being of
almost pure energy
yes all right now we can't do this
swat-style now but that's that's why we
left our assault guide back we're gonna
running gun go up right next to that
fucker flank him and blow the brains out
of his head all right running gun just
like Optimus Prime just like Optimus
Prime I make sure he's a flank when you
do this I was that not gonna flank him
Oh eating it right there okay yeah yeah
go right behind his ass and and blow his
brains out as he's begging you for mercy
okay so yeah right here there how do we
know these flanks because it's behind
him there's no cover behind him okay you
use your eyes well sure
though I should be a critical and this
should kill him I just want to hang out
here for a second just like so what's
going on Aaron this is the thing I love
about these types of games where he felt
turn-based and so I can just hang out
with this alien for a while um what are
you uh what are you doing yeah okay all
right well I kind of thought we gonna
save everybody but we didn't we did no I
lost someone or not I lost so that's the
beauty of ex-con is it yeah we lost a
sniper though that's bad that is bad
yeah win poof okay guys get behind this
ass go right behind is that 2014 there's
a memorial bro
we're sorry hey my AK one you did good
a little while and then you died Mike my
ghost will forever haunt prereq life
defenders metal yep and this is a juvie
gym a one
okay assigned power never panic as a
result of allies getting wounded or
killed or medkit and restorative missed
healed to HP more when used on the
soldier well obviously we want no panic
right now yeah yeah because our our
bitches are panicking all the time yeah
all right see here who panicked I want
to say I want to say Kenobi was the
panic err yeah well give me all you
don't way to tell go through them all
click on click on sir gimpy
oh don't out for the middle I'll go back
we can we gonna sign the middle later
okay I just go to the the barracks view
soldiers now click on mister gimpy so
Sergei I'm sorry
alright his will is only 32 next soldier
34 I guess in the random boat that's
about average sure so sir GIMP is that
who needs it yeah yeah I mean but we
also need a new recruit yeah let's go
through recruits and see who has good
aim
Tara what about a mutation aim 55 John
kilo I'm 75 75 guess who's joining the
team john kano 3 starting 75 that's
great 1060 yeah besides John Keeler wins
so bored let's give John kilo the medal
Oh before that let's see if he survives
to get a promotion no sure okay John
kilo well 37 actually these are women
and John kilos not gonna need it as much
as others anyway so I'd give it to
whoever whatever one of your ranked guys
as the Lillis will that's probably who
should get in so is that one the 32 yeah
Louis give it to them
yes 75 is outrageous
award the medal to sir gimp at their
lowest yeah yeah dog keep it up okay
okay
little Milo moving right along so we
ain't got shit to do so Mission Control
yep
damn Oh Oh alien materials research
project complete assigned new research
absolutely yeah materials ooh we get
nano fiber vests available for
manufacturing so that's that's coming in
yeah I mean okay
it's a I'll take it okay Ark for
priority weapon fragment carapace or MOU
carapace armor 40 days though oh god
geez maybe after you know what do the
weapon fragments first animal see what's
there sectoid an autopsy something quite
remarkable we're detecting cause of non
biological matter embedded you pay
attention how many days it takes to
research 12 days 40 days so if we didn't
get some scientist as a reward all of
that would be a good thing okay next
time on abduction mission comes up like
you might come into a situation where
you really need scientists yeah but
there's also a mission in like Africa
which is about to go into full panic
that's only giving you like something
you don't need sure so you have to make
it this isn't you want to take care of
the panic or do you want to go for the
resource you gave all right I expected
that would be a priority research topic
okay
begin and we're still building shit
right okay great
alright let's uh go back to Mission
Control then it's a slow month well you
know waiting for aliens oh I'm back in
go got no submission ok Osaka Japan oh
yeah come on Argentina you ain't got
nothing
Halil France so obviously we gotta go
sorry I know it's not obvious you got
yeah I see at some point you're gonna
have to cut a country loose it's true
it's sure all they do the scientists
though yeah cuz look at little French
well Lilly friends a happy new recruit
sergeant that's like two ranks above
anybody you have oh ok so that's not a
bad thing for you at this point but huh
and another thing to keep in mind with
this Japan thing yeah look at the
mission difficulty very difficult yes Oh
for science I know I know I want the
scientists but I'm afraid you're gonna
get just destroyed oh this is exciting I
what I like this do you want to make no
I have made probably the wrong decision
who was it John Q oh yes John kilos
joining the ranks oh no and we can also
uh you can build a a nano fiber vest oh
right well we're building the satellite
but do it yeah but as far as like items
yeah that doesn't give you much defense
well you have to yes actually
no not well the scientists invented it
but you have to actually go to the
engineers and have them build something
- right cost money right right oh yeah I
know I'm just just looking through it we
don't have anything for anybody yet not
really okay
all right let's do this we got two rooks
oh we got two is there Oh because all
the other the other one diamond one
wrong we lost a sniper we still got the
assault the heavy in the support oh okay
well then I'm wrong then all right let's
go let's go let's go let's go let's go
get a med pack you get a med pack you
know I don't know the med techs quite so
vital until you get better Armour when
people die so easy okay neutralize all
hostile targets located secure meld
canister yeah we haven't been doing so
good with the melt that's okay that's
okay all right let's do this let's do
this let's do this let's do this damn it
dump the clip she looks miserable
miserable I don't wanna have you try and
play this game Jackson Ironman game
that's oh yeah play it cool knows I'd
start making your way forward yeah keep
in mind who you're moving all times
because that's your heavy and like I
said that's snipers and heavies I try to
avoid moving them first because they
have abilities that you can't use that
for you move oh sure okay I'm with him
all right everyone move
Leon and sir who's our sniper dead
we don't have one anymore oh all right
let's go then if if no a kilo your dong
kilo yeah if they rank up to a sniper
you're gonna have a sniper absurd aim
that's great
how do we make him a sniper okay the
first the first for rank ups you get
they go you get one of each after that
it's random random okay okay let's go
there's a building up yeah Kenobi is our
heavy so we don't want to move him first
sir gimps somebody quoted you who's our
sniper and then they said LOL how cuz i
kill him yeah yeah whatever
Jay tell us how to pronounce your last
name bombing bomb and ball now Baumann
I'm not going up here I'm just looking
oh my god you can just turned off the
gaming system in the middle of the game
no I would not do that do you have a
decent chance of getting them no
canister do it JC save us all oh my god
come on there I'm not going there I just
want to know what the aliens thank you I
think you should go here not I think I'm
gonna go here cuz then I got at least
something running now keep in mind John
kilos a valuable asset for the future of
your organization I don't want to get
them killed
okay okay okay alright I would move
somebody up a little bit so that might
possibly reach that can next turn I'd go
on the other side of that even closer
side I don't know if I can get on that
side come on over here well oh yeah I
can go over here but then I'm way
exposed so I'll go right here alright
how far okay okay there we go
oh alright Oh sneaky sneaky shit like I
thought we'd be able to get it but
that's not gonna happen you don't even
need to worry about this I got this I'm
fucking locked up everybody Jack's going
crazy of that either or not you're not
bashing him anywhere no those aliens
shut up I'm gonna - I'm right fucking
next to the aliens you don't even know
has lost his mind
you don't even know how much I got this
you can use this okay okay okay
everyone's really good cover I guess but
don't get out of here why can't I move
anyone else did everyone else is already
on overwatch he moved everybody oh well
there you go there you go
okay that's not bad okay
Oh oh he isn't sight unless I got oh
okay oh I got this I got this
I know what I'm doing I know I'm doing I
mean I don't but um I know we're not
getting the milk caster that's not gonna
touch oh my god fuck oh my god fuck no
you're not you're not okay stay with me
or jack okay take good back go back to
your heady oh don't move her though go
back to her okay okay click on that
rocket washer see where you what you can
hit I don't think I can hit
okay but I've got a a wacky idea you got
well okay wacky idea okay take that
support mmm
yeah we're gonna cancel this school
every sport okay
cubes not games not games yeah him
leon's SSS move right on that one corner
next to the garage door yeah yeah yeah
do it all right
open the drawers door okay go back to
the heavy okay
well now go back to the rocket can you
shoot through that open door and back
there can you be can you do that it's
that kind of work
looks like I'll get one alien all right
all right
oh wait oh I'll get two aliens no witch
yeah okay I'll get those back too it's
worth doing you think it's worth doing
it's worth doing I know yes good I'm
just looking
I'm just looking all right now with the
support of that moved yeah go back to
him okay what kind of shop does he have
any exposed 180
you'll need a critical but take it take
it take it and take it oh okay I know I
would do next but I'm giving you too
much advice I'll let you have fun let
you have fun oh shit
we took we took a bad situation and we
made it work yeah yeah we will have one
alien left right right now - there's one
giving him the mind meld
just keep mine that's a - if you want to
go back there yeah I know I'm just like
I mean there's still one behind the
building so yeah I'm just looking see
what we got here oh oh that's right oh
oh we got all sorts of gems up here no
cover
somebody said bow that's strategy which
happens you're scaring me rich you
master I just love it this is great
this is great
they're going on in the exposed room -
you just snatch defeat from the hands of
victory yeah that's probably worth it
working for Ritchie's reaction okay all
right we got this we got this
I apparently I have to help you know
here it's Jana
you're gonna running on him okay go on
the other side of that Mel container
where he's flanked you and rooks you go
right there
yeah thanks yep I groups all right can
you activate the melt collect the mill
you can still shoot kill that you know
roofs are probably the most important
part of a building I think they are so
so there's that
promotion that's good oh thanks pulling
back no he's not oh god he's go back
it's fine
look you got so fucking life you got so
fucking lucky that's really that's
really true okay I don't want him to
retreat I don't want to annoy I want to
shoot him um okay so if I go here I
really good I can move here yes what
kind of shot you have eighty do you have
somebody else that can kill him if this
goes horribly wrong
um what is what is where where's
everybody else
so he's Bekir but he said I can move her
here and yeah he kill um move her as
close as you can okay
I'm not there yeah here but she's
totally I well we want to make sure this
guy's dead one way or the other at the
end of this turn anyway so I'm gonna
move there okay okay okay
she and grenade range ooh maybe if I'm
just thinking what your backup plan is
if your shot with John kilo goes back
sure I saw you if this goes bad we can
you can run it
absolutely so you I gave you permission
to take that on your game then I am
trying desperately to take oh do I need
to go throw cold water yeah hey guys
this is how I roll
this is exactly how I roll living on the
edge I'm living on the edge living on
roofs oh I'm going someone was saying
earlier that the best part of the
building is the door and that's I'm a
roof guy um oops
or ever that's tough because it's like
doors are how you get in right yeah but
roofs keep the rain oh okay all right we
found the next groups of aliens and rich
is not here to guide me oh my god
somewhat hard so when I was died oh god
someone might die yes I am a roof man
that's right I have a roof man
okay alright alright thank you
now fuck walls walls whoa whoa
Bruce briefs are where it's at baby got
70% chance of hitting him oh wait can I
turn invade their asses
what would rich Evans do oh oh I can
create a couple of them if I move but
let's move my other guys first let's do
what rich Evans would do okay all right
that's my cover right over here okay I
can move here
we're saying shit without walls oh you
know what J true dat
yeah but walls aren't gonna keep snow
out in winter oh damn dog and I guess
you don't need walls for a roof you
could have just sticks yeah yeah that's
what a gazebo is J just wants a gazebo
y'all I'm gonna live in a gazebo she
just wants to live in a gazebo you have
you heard about the tiny house movement
people that live in tiny houses
no I documentary about on Netflix bunch
of fucking morons how's this about to
say I want to live in a tiny house rich
well well now I would not want to live
in a tiny house but I do think it's
interesting what is the tiny house
people living in tiny houses like
ridiculously tiny hmm like a closet
almost sure yeah that's weird
it's it's uh yeah it's it's you know
they need to simplify their life in the
middle just have the bare necessities of
what they need and they live in a tiny
house and then a 10% critical if you
guys shoot one shoot the one whose mind
merge you doing the mind merging on the
powerful one you know so 70 oh he's
exposed though I take that back I need
to move first no matter what like here's
my plan rich okay that's kind of buying
time until you got back my plan was to
move here and I thought I could probably
grenade the two that are mine mouth
that's good plan that is a good solid
plan okay
what that's me freaking out
no Oh where'd it go oh I can't hit one
if I hit a but I like it hit these to
tell ya but tiny house wouldn't fit
Rich's gigantic dick yeah oh I'm sorry
it just left this cut short to get back
into the video game into the video game
into the video game into the video game
into the video game

[Part IV]
this is XCOM this is serious business
the fact that you can just shut your
laughs off like that was weird
okay all right
oh I got to get to that Jam had time I
got time do I have time hey you might
what are the other good what can the
other guys do I was taking material
everybody can do okay Kenobi's got a
shit shot he's behind a van and we know
veins can blow up it's actually great to
be a grenade when you move somebody the
other side the flanken was anybody worse
the shotgun guy oh he's all the way over
there
games over here but I mean I haven't so
I could get far enough no no I mean I
could start moving them over here but
then who knows what's over yeah yeah so
oh yeah I got I got I don't have a lot
of options unfortunately and his running
guns got cool down anyways no ice
running guns got one more turn so
telling me there's a chance I could
grenade but like I want to wait Oh close
can you get junkie low you know nothing
John kilo antha that's a game of Thrones
reference it's not I can get Johnny kilo
right here not even a drain know is is
can the grenade reach from the heavy
have you still got a grade yeah Kevin
divided reach oh yes if you want if you
want a little drunk kilo and try and
take a bad shot with John kilo sure that
seems like a really good idea let's do
that all right John kilo
well you trying you can use the grenade
on the ones that just popped off yeah
yeah do to do so what can you get the
other thing you can behind the truck
behind Optimus yeah I'm through this no
please don't kill me to be a hero is
always a please don't kill me like the
end of Miami connection after 45 minutes
of brutal murder like non-violence can
we achieve yeah I gotta kill him
Renee I know we only have one there are
other people have one now I used now an
honest truth yeah
oh great aim the grenade first is it
it was absolutely going to forget all
right yeah hi
you guys have squandered your weapon
fragments weapon fragments are not as
important as not dying and we got to
melt canisters that time when these guys
get leveled up and their aim doesn't
suck
we'll have weapon fragments will get
them don't worry yeah yeah optimist yeah
oh God
Kim Kardashian is blond again was she
ever blonde I don't know if I just saw
that look at this jack hey everyone made
it three promotions okay activate well
this is where you got some decision
making to make okay bullets form the
standard shots with the primary weapon
no longer and the turn Oh as long as you
don't have you been shoot Weiss so you
can shoot twice okay or hollow targeting
shooting at or suppressing enemies also
confers +10 aim to any allies attack so
if you shoot at somebody and they don't
die everybody else gets a ten plus two
there a month on that specific monster
and you're the heavy I would rather have
the heavy shoot twice I'm letting you
make this decision entirely with a no
feedback yay confirm did it go back
Gibbs gets a promotion tactical sense
pluses confers +5 defense per enemy in
sight nice or confers +10 critical
chance per enemy of sight II tactical
sense or aggression I'll let you make
this decision with no input from me
that's that's a tough one actually I
enjoy that defense are killing bitches
most most people favor one over the
other but III think there's use for both
myself I agree I
I think because he's the assault class
because envy assault class is the run up
you know you don't know what's coming up
that tree right uh the two major
branches for the salt tend to vary
between defense and offense sure sure
I'm gonna I'm gonna go offense because
then if he can run up to people and get
it even close he's got a good chance of
critical in his I'm letting you make
this decision okay all right I remember
in the early game it's not as useful
because like like the sectoid they don't
have much health to begin with you don't
need to critical as much later on it's
it's good I a rocket Oh
so there's another so here's another
heavy class junkie low your assaults can
either be like tanks or or glass cannons
sure Oh International Service Cross is
now unlocked yeah everybody's gonna be
pissed off at you for taking offense on
that assault drink I think they will
most people tend to say defense all the
way around sure that's good I don't know
I'm done I usually have one one
offensive-minded assault and one
defensive manager so okay here we go so
science is this system what I think it
goes oh no this is just us winning
oh that's from I never mind for a second
I thought council permission pilot so we
decreased panic in Japan I've got four
scientists Oh Britt Britt oh oh he's
talking he will be watching remember
remember we will be watching that's his
voice J command you are the only one who
can save the Allies and what's what's
going after his prime are you doing a
voice the next going does actually that
was thought you're trying to do after
this prize okay XCOM shadow man you
never see his face it's always in shadow
okay
we need you to do this mission Morgana's
commander is here Optimus Prime when you
guys talk optimus no optimus Brad white
but no I did have to miss prime more
like Billy Dee Williams for no reason
alright rename this medal um I don't
know um I've been something what we got
a customized Mel named cups we have two
cups um eyes all right commander don't
go to the supermarket today command do
the fart Bob are the middle confirm the
site
I do have transformers on the brain it's
ruined my life uh-oh plus two will per
different nationality in the squad plus
two aim per continent bonus XCOM has
earned what's continent bonus uh-oh
you know you own the beginning when you
picked a base yeah if you can get a
satellite over every country in a
comment you get that bonus even if you
didn't put your starting base there oh
so some of those bonuses you you read
through and aren't gonna get ya you
could get those you got a satellite no
let's go home right now though you've
been having panic issues so I would go
with to was Plus will I agree let's uh
well we can do that later Jimmy J I've
got an extra thing I can award another
Jimmy Justice again just just to make
people happy
yeah give it a bit of salt yeah yeah I
don't have still F plus y5 defense all
the time there you go sir Gibbs oh you
got the other one - yes he's highly
decorated that's right
he's our moderator is there camping it
gets it off oh yeah we thank you sir
games we need a birthday boy medal huh
okay
and a megatron metal someone said you
need a roof metal because roofs are the
best uh you know the more we have talked
about what part of my building is the
best part of the building
here's what I'm putting out here what
the plumbing yeah no you know why
because then I can poop in a place and
don't have to leave because sure you got
a roof but then you got to go somewhere
else to go poo yeah right if you go
outside free compost yeah happen who
wants to go outside wait what does oh
yeah those bears yeah that's right
few soldiers who needs this middle well
thirty-seven pretty good well thirty-six
well forty-one bad
well 33 we go okay you have our answer
Leona's gets the middle we are mrs.
confirm damn no we are not going to
watch epic movie date movie and disaster
movie all at the same time no it's very
unlikely we will ever do that again that
was a one-time gimmick that works for
transformers but it worked for that
series cuz those movies are known for
just being chaos yeah just the thought
of crippling that is hysterical guys no
need to worry about it if past one-off
rlm gimmicks have proven anything soon
there will be several YouTube channels
dedicated to watching the same movie oh
I can't wait to not watch those right so
don't worry I'm sure alright
uh-oh we'll have one more day for a
satellite down
so let's little be built in a day yeah
let's scan for activity they lied
yeah great
so first assign a new project you got in
here and a fiber no these items they all
get built instantly oh the only things
that take time or though that the
construction ones and then when you get
a found really don't these stuff that
takes time but we'll see if we can get
to a foundry on that rocket alien
containment is a priority I'm gonna say
nope everybody I have a good reason why
not - okay we desperately need to unlock
the officer training school now actually
is it unlocked yet I doubt it but you
need you need to get somebody up three
ranks before you can even build one and
that how do I know if I have it we'll
see if you build it you've got a build
facility and see if something called
Officer Training School comes up oh okay
we don't have it yet so Sigma we don't
need to build anything right now all
right unless well you know what thinking
ahead we could build a power generator
actually because we're gonna need power
sooner or later if you're you may as
well get started on that I'll go down
build power power well here's the other
thing about the base of me to show you
after you start building us all right
yeah now you see words like a cave it's
like an open area yeah you can build
there because there's space but you go
on the other side of your access lift
yeah
that's solid rock actually making a head
because we gotta you always got a plan
ahead with this this top layer this base
layer of XCOM geez so I would start
excavating there and then we don't need
to just yet but then we can also start
building a lift to go down because every
level of town you need a lift down that
center shaft to access it oh my god and
what's steams Oh steam once we get down
there it's better than a power generator
you can build a Thermal generator there
mo ginger actor I
fucking Mission Control fucking go
Oh weapon frankly this search complete
yay scope available scope is good scope
is good good yeah these are mine yes yes
when equipment like ants are you my girl
scout what yes unless you're not that
let's go with scope cookies yeah okay so
now I need scope I think it I guess
scope from my mouth okay
what does it autopsy do does that make
the molecule it can give you information
on them
you usually get some kind of technology
from it you can do it whatever what are
our options now okay so we still need
the arc thrower we need them how long
will you see the two most important ones
on here in my mind beam weapons and
carapace yeah actually I'm gonna do it
okay carapace and be me I mean laser
weapons of course power source
okay well then let's just those are
really important alright let's just do
it
yeah great great
alright let's get out of here fucking
Mission Control well time to get up can
we go this first month without a council
mission
that's so weird Oh wife and runnin what
does that mean I got an achievement
what is that look what's happening Oh
our dinner I don't I don't know
achievements and I don't care about
achievements I never pay any attention
to him like it and you did something I
think I got I got a thing it's a matter
game you didn't get anything you got the
illusion of a thing yeah I got an extra
thing on top of my thing
assigned new construction all right what
are we going on top of your thing things
with another thing
what equipped so at least I wouldn't go
before yeah oh no because you had to
replace the grenade you're not ready to
give up her name's Jess yeah Jack so
maybe two for one
yeah or one to one for now I'd say start
with one we've been using a lot of
grenades if you haven't noticed if you
wanna build two it's not the worst thing
in the world
oh yeah you just got an option I'm gonna
build two don't they have the apps okay
that is fine thing gonna build a medkit
if we run out of money we can always
sell things on the gray market yeah the
only one okay all right
oh I should probably sue I mean we
should be building other things or no oh
it doesn't matter right now
I know I know what we want we want money
on hand when we can build an officer
training school okay that's that's the
top priority because with that you can
unlock a fifth roster spot oh okay great
yeah and that is we're not gonna get a
fucking council mission that is so weird
we are extremely impressed all right I
got an A and I got 255 coupie good
dollar Gulf Coast glob Lumpkins oh oh
god Frank nuns I'm dumb
yeah we didn't put up a sublet we didn't
burn up the satellite that was so dumb
we're losing our money okay we lost out
on my composure and it's I should have
yelled at you have to put up the
satellite oh yeah I didn't know I kept
waiting for a consolation to pop up your
bow that's all me okay what do we do go
to the Situation Room Situation Room
watch satellite still can't believe
you're following Jay tell them to launch
the satellite so obviously in Africa
right yeah I mean you couldn't do it
strictly based on panic but if you also
look different countries give you
different amounts of money per month
which would have been great at the start
of this month but I'm a fucking idiot
wow that's Ari oh we want to go away
from us so United Kingdom okay yeah let
me get over there then your options are
even you could do South America maybe
not something or anything South Africa
I'm trying to save everyone what you
mean you could go solve Africa if you
want to try and save South Africa I mean
Africa the continent but you could just
throw them to the wolves say it's not
worth the panics too bad
ah I mean 80 bucks a month is pretty
good as far as you know like we're
getting like we could go a hundred bucks
a month so wait I can get double bonus
if I go to us no you only one watch one
per okay if you if you go over it'll say
house at once okay people are telling me
what I should tell you to do but I'm not
going
that's a it's a smart call so like the
United Kingdom
yeah the commoners are right and then
what if we did this at the end of that
we should have done this at the end of
the month now I mean we could wait we
probably should wait to the end but we
also might forget to do this again yeah
if you wait to the end we you can save a
country that's in the red hey do
something
I barely know what's going on and I want
to do South Africa we don't you know
what Jays right there all right
we should wait to the end of the month
really we might have a country that goes
on the rain oh sure okay all right let's
do that then
all right great well then fucking the
facts or the thing what's name - the
month oh we just got something we just
we just got to the end of the month oh
well shit oh fuck that was bad that was
bad
we're receiving a transmission from the
cat's dead I'm put that soul and
situation room okay the council has been
monitoring unusual reports about a
hijack attempt on an authorized French
military convoy perpetrators are human
Intel indicates that aliens may also be
in the area uh okay wait wait what do
you what do you think a dog I'm thinking
if you go on this mission you're dead do
you think especially if you don't know
how this mission works yeah you are
you're gonna get raped
yeah well that's I mean that's an option
you want to get raped my we're gonna let
the stream vote on this I'm just curious
what the opinion on is should we skip
this mission I think if you go on this
mission we're gonna have a squad wipe
okay I mean that's possible also also I
got I mean I got skills yeah you are
right rape incoming rape incoming that
is a correct statement stream no no
please the chats going no please let
Jack berate Oh do it all right we're
gonna do it because it's exciting I
guess okay
be prepared for Jess yeah okay a line we
don't have that fucking fit squad member
and we don't have a sniper we're fucked
uh-huh we're fuck we're so fucked it's
fucked people are very excited about
this wait wait don't scopes
I have scopes built two more we're
forsaking grenades I'm going crazy I'm
going crazy
well you just trust me jack
you do what grenades in favor of scopes
oh my lord
okay so we need two more scopes yeah
give everybody on this mission of scope
all right all right
this is gun and that oh this is gonna
end are you gonna do I advise you listen
to everything I say on this mission I
wouldn't do a thing everybody will die
everybody is going to die and there's
nothing we can do about it okay how is
it like real life yeah here's what's
gonna happen
I'm gonna tell you first of all oh we
gotta work on settling down a little bit
Jack you take X convers yes I know
things you don't
I know it's true how about this let's
just let's do this to keep it
interesting okay I will I will tell you
what I'm thinking okay and then you can
tell me how wrong I am okay but that
just sounds like em telling you what to
do but you're taking twice as long
okay wait so now I got important yeah
yeah you're now the mission Jack while
I'm telling you I'm telling you
turns out cuz I'm goin fuckin portent
kiya faith in you jack I have no faith
in Jack's ability to handle I don't
either
death is always a possibility y'all
because I'm always an option here is
always an option for rookies this
mission is the Widowmaker alright
goodbye good speculation about this okay
we don't have much so Gibby says we're
riding the ship of doom I'm sorry what
happened I'm sorry Master Kenobi sorry
Leon sorry jonh kilo Oh judge Sheila
became a fucking heavy yeah it's a waste
of a good aim you missed it
I check you need to remember everything
I taught you everything I taught you
you abso-fucking-lutely I know exactly
what you told me to do in fact you don't
even need to worry this mission is so
unfair it's ridiculous yeah we're pretty
fucked dude I'm watching a funeral then
that's that's your burden dawg that's
your burden to bear be over here I Jack
go through the boulevard
I think I forgot say go through the
fingers to go through the building and
go through the building slowly okay
I've got my eyes on here we go over
watching over watching over watching all
right
aliens are on the move what does that
mean what's that what's what what is
that
okay survivors that's your objective
does that mean am i though have we had
that map this whole time I think so I've
no you know I've never paid any
attention to that so yeah I guess the
radar yeah I don't think we've had that
radar alright well hey dude where's
games no we a missus okay
now you can't drop that building it has
no roof all right I said it then the
area in the building to the right with
with with his open spaces yeah Boyd in
the open spaces avoid the open we're
going through the bolt part of the
enclosed building with walls we're going
over here yes we're going over there go
slowly
oh yeah I'm through there you're okay oh
god this is more fun cuz rich is gonna
have an aneurysm
oh I can make it there
ah okay how do you feel about this
jacket I mean I'm only scared because
you have made it such a big deal I am
terrified and so like for me it's just
like durpa durpa doing don't go up the
bill you don't go anywhere near there
fucking rough well you know I'll just
take my time move slowly all right and
we'll see what happens
heylia activities happening okay so we
moved the heavies laughs all right so
now the question is and don't tell me
rich yeah the question is whether I go
on this door this door doors aren't good
because you can set your guys up before
you open the door right
so if whatever door you choose to open
on this visit nice heavy cover on either
side of a door before I open it before
you open yes that's that's a good piece
you should have you should only open
doors at the start of term when
everybody is exactly where you want them
to be okay all right
but I heard that fucker little
firecracker or something
I've chosen this door back here okay
just to let you know taking some risk
just because there's no one in this
building yes yeah you're pretty safe in
this building yeah
sometimes I'm taking some movement risks
here I want my heavy to be a little
closer for the for the impending doom
inch we're gonna move we're gonna - you
over you've got a garage and a door next
to the garage
it was perfectly good covering either
side of both of those doors oh yeah all
right I guess doors the poor man's roofs
roofs for light don't underestimate the
door without the door you can't get in
the house yeah but you don't need a door
the roof was the most overrated portion
of the house why look if you don't have
walls where the fuck you're gonna put
your roof and you can have sticks yeah
we were talking about that sticks that
make sense
let's see that makes sense okay no you
could have to camp poles
the damage there's okay there's two
major doors
yeah I my plan is to move this I maybe I
made one mistake
so I'm gonna move I'm gonna move Kenobi
behind the thing and then open the big
door okay what about the small door next
to it what about it why don't put the
guys there too I could you could you
probably should I maybe
oh you mean have two guys by the small
doors and two guys by the big yes oh
sure sure we can do that I was gonna I
was gonna have him back here to fire out
of this door but no no you can get
everybody out facing forward from bolt
doors now okay better me I don't know if
I have two heavies on one door I might
like put the heavy on the other door oh
sure
you know what I'm pretty bad at paying
attention to that kind of stuff okay but
what we can move you move you to this
one right it says yeah if that's yeah
yeah okay I'm good here
move you don't go outside going outside
yeah you know it's using this imprecise
controller Jack I appreciate that
that pandering I no idea okay so now but
now we watch and wait for the mixture
yeah
oK we've got our eyes on everybody
don't you even fucking worry oh my god
here we go here we go switched on
Damascus normal difficult don't think
I'm more helpful than usual maybe I'm
wrong maybe I'm wrong okay so we got a
fin man over here we got one over here
and we got up one up on a roof now
shaking alright so I can probably open
this door go to one of the guys by the
door you just opened click on one of
them or go to the targeting screen for
them what are the percentage changes to
hit 48 68 and 48 okay what about the guy
next to him what's the same like I'm
what does he have a beat on the guy that
yeah so the other guy him what's he have
700 is it shocking guy okay we
definitely don't want you since 68 is
our highest that's fine that's fine all
right now open the other door all right
open any other door guys opening the
other door
sixty that's pretty good I like that 60
and 80 60% critical that's pretty hot
alright but but we're gonna get all the
information first right that's the rule
so yes yes sixty seven eighty seven
great that's Jackie long dong kilo okay
all right it's here percent chance of
critical all right so let's see what we
got here all right okay the one that's
gonna be the hardest is that one on the
far left I know this is just because of
where he's positioned isn't who's on the
guy the guy on the roof yeah you got
three guys who can get him with like an
eighty don't I I'm just looking okay
I'm just looking yeah I can't make it
all the way that far see if I you think
up the Ranga yeah cuz then you'll get
the one in see that's why I'm not
worried about the bright side yeah you
got a reliable way to kill two of them
yeah this here's my good roof one I
might use him try and kill him what is
the critical chance I'm the guy in the
rough
he's only gonna salt right city Christie
you have a 60% chance to kill him
outright with him yeah that's pretty
nice and only a 10% critical chance that
yeah he received the vague that for
health yeah the remote without it
critical the most the assault rifle can
do is three okay that would actually say
I want to say here's the dilemma I'm
having okay well you know what you want
to spring this on your own without me
blabbing on yes okay all right
just tell me to shut up jack I'll shut
up it's you know it's alright rich I
mean you know I'm here you're passionate
about my I am I love this game yeah we
have enough beads on him
everybody can hit that fucking roof guy
Bruce stay off a minute all right
well he's exposed he's I don't think
he's technically alerted yet he's in his
he's in his crouch down I'm doing
whatever pose he's not active okay
yeah this guy I just need to get my
running gun guy closer cuz I can't I
can't get to him here well the minute
you move somebody out the door that guy
on the roof is going to be alerted and
he's gonna run away and hide somewhere
so keep keep that in mind before you
move somebody up here out of the door
what can he hit again
look can you hit again ten percent
critical chance there sixty percent
eighty
I think you're my roof guy right 87% hit
50% critical so do I take them larger
percent to hit or the larger critical
percent that's no.1 well okay here's the
thing all that you know this just just
mat other than the heavies the the
machine gun yeah does more damage than
assault rifles so even without the
critical he'll probably die as long as
you hit him okay well that's it for them
for the heavy yeah
the only thing that matters is the hit
chance for the for the assault rifle
because I really do mean I'm like that
the critical is important I'm I'm doing
it there you go oh okay
one down two to go
so now that the roof guy won't be be
spooked I'm going to well now I'll save
him okay we're gonna take successes over
here take this guy out okay I'm sorry I
keep talking okay let me read the chat
read the check I'm sorry jack am i
ruining this game for you know my
writing don't worry don't worry about a
thing I'm you know I'm it's it's working
because I'm winning okay rich Evans
authorized him to fire I also just want
to do you know I know I know I'm I feel
bad I don't do jack I I apologize don't
don't you worry about nothing dawg
I apologize don't you worry about a
thing I know I wanted to do that
now oh I guess okay it's fine well Hina
enemy is still alive imp Kenobi well
just my GIMP is my running Gunnar yeah
not gonna run a gun in there cuz I don't
know what's in there but I could you
could then no longer telling you what to
do well now I'm scared know how I'm the
precious precious argan Jack oh Jesus
Christ
riches are gone let's wreck appeals have
been taken off alright you're gonna
learn to hate that man so much I hate
him already then that are my favorite
enemy in the game because when you first
get to them they're they're terrifying
they will they will fuck your shit up
and then at the end of the game you you
can just wipe them out easily are
thinman aliens sir they're they're like
covert infiltration aliens they're
aliens have been altered to look like
human beings okay
doing it up someone mentioned Matt Han
and yep he's alive we're well aware of
this it's exciting news we'll see if we
can do something with him
who's me I Hannah Sam did you stand him
right next time
sure did oh yeah I've been talking about
that since the last time we talked about
it you're not you're gonna have a
surprise
Oh am I gonna have a sprite exam
surprise how did you not poison you go
back down I don't think they'd be poison
he's okay
how does he pose oh there's a confident
Club yeah well avoid that Club oh well
shit all right well that's fine what
difficulty are we on we're on original
or whatever original or classic there
clatter yeah classic you sure I think so
all right I will be honest with you I
don't know I am you know I'm just gonna
move into better cover all right I get
joy the way cuz yeah I don't want you
hit okay hey can I hit this guy well we
all won't give a shot I guess I got here
what's in here
okay I'll get you the rocket but I'm
sure there's gonna be more than these
guys so we're gonna hold onto that
rocket you know what let's just try
shooting let's just see what happens
rich confirm for senile why is that I
don't know what is that in reference to
I have no idea maybe because I'm senile
overwatch bodies don't look like they've
been hit by alien weapons oh he's been
working Vicki we're killed by
conventional bullets rich what enemy in
the game do you hate the most
let's see unlike a lot of people I have
no fear of chrysalids because I tend to
run an assault heavy squad assault will
fuck up crystallins meet the enemy
that's the most lame is that that new
ones enemy within the the stealth one
the tentacle one just because they're
the way that you have to deal with them
it's just some cheap and they're kind of
lame and ineffective
oh you're senile because you forgot what
difficulty it was set up the game yes
I'm wondering why Jack didn't I thought
we started a classic we did we did we
did we went out we went hardcore you
should have been poisoned yeah you shot
that than men he should have exploded in
your face I'm sorry that he didn't
target
probably probably one of my favorite oh
no I don't hate sector pods they're fun
but they're fun because they're so
difficult I love it when I run into a
sector pod it's like them how am I gonna
handle the situation
John kilos an asset thank you
but you have a heavy who traditionally
have bad aim
who started out with extraordinary aim
she actually have a heavy with good aim
that's great that is great great all
right we and there's a civilian miss
that heads up there's a civilian over
uh-oh Oh another can one of those guys
they sight on that guy on the one those
oh you activated him I didn't notice him
this villian know the the Thin Man over
there no oh I didn't notice that either
that I activated up
no I don't have a line of sight out okay
alright I gotta get I gotta somebody can
see him is he's highlighting go through
your guys okay I can't imagine who would
know I can't they've all moved all right
I mean I have no idea why he said maybe
he's only highlighted because the
civilian can see him
hey thanks I don't know weird shit going
on or whatever you know what that's all
fine it's you know what it's all units
it's all fun
well this guy needs to back up we're
going over here
okay who can know him what what Oh Finn
men what I have unusually good aim how
could it look they use the white assault
rifle that's gonna cost 20 he can shoot
through a fucking wall
oh and everybody's panic now
except for this mission listen doc it's
gonna be fun we're great he can shoot
high wall I told you this mission was
death
well one death one confirmed dead I did
not know he wall you're fighting thin
men with popsicle sticks oh my god all
right all right all right we can we can
think our way through this if you insist
Jack what it's it's really possible that
I got you lost your running gun guy yep
ah sure did that's fine
and you know what I'm gonna be fine with
it now we gotta we gotta play it safe we
gotta play cool let's play cool
I won't let you know though jacket you
ever do lose confidence yeah let's go
you can you can go to the landing zone
and evacuated oh but you have to get
everybody back to the landing zone in
one piece sure
well right now they're all freaked out
so if you wait - you're absolutely sure
you're going to die you're probably not
gonna be able to make it back class
retreat is an option in that stuff okay
that's all I like knowing that okay
there is a thin man somewhere over here
and apparently if even if I'm behind a
wall that fuck can see me what if I'm
behind a brick wall does that make any
difference what if you got a roof can
they see you through a roof if you want
to try that well not if you got a roof
and they can't see you or should you
through the roof then that proves that
roofs are
best absolutely
never evac never you know no no I'm not
a coward I'm practical okay so I could
blow him up but then that's my one
rocket how many more do we think there
are a lot well then I want to say my
rocket
you just started this mission check how
I did I yes oh shit
Wow well then fuck well then let's see
if we can oh wait can I am the holes
cover bonus and provides me a native
goods you can't can you just out of
curiosity I can't did you move them
roadie at that person yeah I moved here
balls do you have got this guy and this
guy just for shits and giggles can
either of them get on the scroller can
you get on the roof I'll make him get on
the roof yeah the roof yeah yeah all
right you don't have lunch site from any
work there so to play minion get up
there and maybe next turn over but and
if there's more of them
I'm not telling you anything other than
that I know there are more okay what's
on it I'm not gonna tell you where sure
or when can he get on the roof directly
above him oh oh that's a good that's a
good time
now that might be a pretty good shot
sure
I'll cover if he's if he does have lunch
site yeah yeah all right John kilo John
kilo do you the man now dog I it's not
have line of sight shit no line of sight
all right
too far away that's good you could
overwatch and retreat and he might come
to you sure that's another that's
another tactic especially if you got
somebody with good aim
okay well let's get this guy it's
somewhere somewhere I mean I'm
definitely not telling you to do that
I'm just not something think about us is
a strategy it isn't then you can do
you're sure I have this kind instead we
should good cover or anyone it's here
well there was one other spot that crate
out front
yeah but I'm totally exposed let's you
got the call right well you know where
the guy might run do sure but he's right
there now I can sure hate me but you'd
be behind the higher cover man now and
you can do that and and hunker down oh
yeah that's right a hunkering down
I do remember hunker down hunkering down
okay you know what you guys we're gonna
hunker and Jay won't help us because he
wants to see the chaos and you're right
I keep people that people keep saying
gee it's tell him to do this I'm not
gonna tell him anything
rich is an armchair general don't listen
to him another one Jay tell Jack to do
something no I've made it clear that I
think the only thing that needs to
happen is that he needs to get on the
roof the absolute that's that's the
Rhino comment I can make to this game
because I barely know what's happening
okay can you miss yeah yeah yeah you
fucking missed Jay tell them to die
we're gonna do fine with that yeah
that'll happen
a on its own you don't even need to
worry about that I know what can I do
here
Rich's drunk with power that's very true
I mean and just drunk in general the
question is will he see me if I'm here
not with the door closed not with the
door closed move into position unless
you should just happen to decide to run
in the door right but he won't see you
you can't shoot you with the door closed
he might decide to run in there anyway
should be completely exposed
sure well then I'll make the smart call
here and go here first well if he runs
in the room he'll probably be able to
shoot you from there too I think
yeah but if I go here I can overwatch Oh
Oh as far as that yeah yeah we're if I
go here I can okay okay
okay so now we overwatch and this guy
can move up to this position
now keep an eye on your ammo for thanks
oh yeah oh yeah
or this guy can reload reload just takes
a turn yeah hallo yeah if I still might
have a well I could reload - you - I
could hunker I'm not doing I'm just
looking - I know there's thinner it's
like I'd like to get him in but the the
lady's gonna take care of him that's
really I should just move him just to
move him I guess I must well you're not
you're not planning to attack with him
next turn anyway then no none
sun-hi as well overwatch isn't the worst
thing I know he's only got one ammo left
but she's got great aim high I know I
can yep and - Dead
almost gonna be great yeah I know I
should try to reach the survivor I'm
working on different shit right now
what's this why is it that's the
objective for thee right Wow shit dumps
what do you think about doing huh what
do you think about doing I am thinking
about doing shit I'm a real Owen great
Stephen this guy's dead
he got poisoned man thin men spit poison
oh he's gonna lose one the hell pattern
3 or so terms and once he's poisoned his
aim is also worse oh great and the thin
man is behind I cover oh great well shit
I'll see what are they saying I'm
through here Rob Retreat retreat that is
a very serious yeah seppuku well then
here's what I'll do I'm gonna I'm gonna
retreat my one guy and I was this guy
will sacrifice himself might be able to
gonna both out you might be able to
gonna both out oh yeah
how far can I go if I go over the roof
well he's not gonna if just from the
poison alone it's not gonna kill a man
it'll stop on its own after it's like
I'd love to get to that survivor that's
not gonna happen
you know thank I think I can tell you
there will be more guys there will be
more guy well they were guys maybe at
least at least as many as you've already
seen at least fuckin hell
they start air-dropping
they start air-dropping good you know
what good
you yeah this is fubar huh yeah
exit zonas behind you yeah I know
alright alright yeah watch me no shit
Doug she's had no idea what you're
you're you're gar you're pressing
alright
this is credibly stupid yeah amazingly
stupendously stupid and what's your
point yes everybody jack isn't
retreating nope oh god that's more
exciting ah you know do it going for it
that's more exciting than being a Power
yeah I know coward rich Evans ah died
like a samurai cop over watchdog oh you
got gypped on that they hit that one but
not oh shit oh shit shit that's alright
I got him I got him he's got no cover
he's got nothing rocket his ass and flee
not even rocket I can hit him with my
gun John get his ass and flee look at
that the 67 that shit I want that
survivor dog Oh
we're gonna lose our wonderful heavy
with with a ridiculous aim for nothing
I'm rocketing
alien activity is happening I'm running
up are you a tree I retrieve three out
of four I was hoping to make it push
with the two you pants
he hasn't even killed half the enemies
that pop up escorting an unarmed
survivor disappointed in you Jan you
should do you wish to abort the mission
abort mission
you've never wanted anything yeah you a
coward yeah it's true it's true I am you
have dishonored your family I will tell
I will tell my grandchildren one day
about the fact that this one time in a
video game you can just show them this
video that's true I think John Kela was
glad he lived
you're welcome John kilo I wait to
rename some guys oh wow alright let's
find some new soldiers alright first
person I'm looking at here master
Kenny's already killed massacre victim
on that wire
I think the birthday boy has a pizza
roll go far huh oh I guess I got the
keyboard area
first name dick last name the birthday
boy
nope
the birthday boo Dave birthday boo
birthday boy yeah there you go I like I
kinda like birthday food oh yeah that's
a first name while making Digby okay
okay oh we still bad mutation - yes
silly okay
I think it's an i what
oh great it's a font so what I can't
told it's an ally or
two else but you're right Li okay all
right now we go last name right yeah
first name just - here will this - it
alright alright and we stop Bob mutation
so yeah I guess we do i mutations
finally up alright
oh good there we go we're still good
alright hey let's go let's move on yeah
alien abduction let's do it
wait wait what's a sniper recruit that's
what you need now is you care what the
panic is anywhere else we desperately
need soldiers and that will get us a
high wrench sniper and that right now is
is Beth's
that's our error hey let's guess that's
our oasis let's go to Canada dawg yeah
Canada yeah
okay so we got mutation we got Kela
we've got the birthday boy and we're
gonna add in admission castle UCLA kiss
LA birthday boy kilo and aa mutation
you're up doing it here we go doing it
let's go rich can write letters and the
families he really cares you know that
that is what XCOM has that no real-time
strategy game has talked about this in
the Czech I know we talked about this
earlier today but some real-time
strategy games they're all just units to
be thrown away you know you make a
hundred soldiers and you expect 90% of
them just to die chaff while you're
building something else only in a game
like X come do you actually get attached
to an individual unit sure I do you
think that's because you get the name of
herbs because that you name them because
because they're important characters and
not just useless they they have their
own exploits they accomplish when you
have like a guy that made an amazing
shot did something great you remember
that individual character
I'm rolling
I went up on the roof I know you did all
right here we go
I'm just wearing a doom spiral now it's
anything is possible
we've only got a four-man squad and
they're all except for John kylo they're
all brookey's that's why he went up he's
gonna be he's gonna be our heavy sniper
it's gonna be great unless the buildings
full of aliens yeah yeah
yeah I I defend my decision to put him
on the roof
are you in on the roof oh no they're on
the roof all right but don't you worry
about Damon not being on the roof
oh oh it's right there so not with this
this lady jam come over here lady jam
alien object in sight y'all don't you
even worry years old all rights
y'all I'm sorry we re talking slang you
said y'all I'm wearing it in on it oh I
didn't want to be left out

[Part V]
about that jam in the building now hey
yeah rich why do you hate Bruce that's
because the aliens are always in the
fucking building and then you got your
best aim character on a roof where he
can't do jack shit what if the aliens
run out of the building then he's on the
roof and he can just shoot that's right
that's right J I don't know why I don't
know anything about what's going on in
this game that's fine I'm just gonna
make up my own uh that's funky is about
tap-in Rich's are strong and independent
black woman no one's making that noise
we saw them already why do I hate
foundations I don't eat foundations
they're just not as awesome as Roose
the fuck was that noise it's over rich
she has the high ground yeah that's
right that's a reference to Star Wars
Episode one The Phantom Menace roof cyst
roof cyst hilarious did you guys know
that Robert did T is dead no I don't
know that he is is that a recent thing
there's even that for a while maybe I
don't know he's the exterminator it's
Coke Zero no they need to just die I
don't know I don't know anything about
him outside of those movies so he could
sit down next to that window there yes
my exam what was the episode three I was
making a joke whatever
nobody knows jokes nobody knows jokes
come on man what are you some kind of
comedian what do you what do you know
what did you make comedy
I'm gonna laugh if while you're
positioning yourself to go into building
they go around on the outside and thank
you we might be fucked
let me that before I guess it what I
just know Jack this is a very important
mission is it oh yeah why is that
cuz that's my breath if you win you get
a free sniper oh you're totally oh god
oh my god what just happened
you got sleep I got flanked no okay you
move too much we can't shoot you that's
good
you fucking alien fuck oh you got flag
you're not flying we got fucking five
you don't you can do get it you can
flank the flanker yeah cuz she's got
enough movement to get right to the edge
oh my god right there oh that guy what
the random stats you got a guy with some
great distance yeah that's good okay
well let's do it uh fuck you flanker I'm
totally gonna fuck your shit up
now 90 percent oh that's pretty good
rookies should be honored oh I can't
I'll kill my own guys if you can get it
out far enough it might miss see what
you can do with the rocket can you get
get closer oh wow we're gonna see him
all right you can't hold on
what shots what shots can you get with
other people I'm fine no Chaves move
closer and see if you can take one
I can move move here and then you might
be able to get up with a grenade I'm
gonna lock in use him yeah let's try
that let's try that fucking rookie
flight fail no no no no that's okay we
we know we yeah II know we have the
rocket I just want to yeah okay
fucker kind of fucker misses is your
point-blank shot like that some asshole
oh alright well fucking rocket whatever
yeah I know the rocket canvas but it's
probably the best shot worth worth
killing this guy somebody's if we don't
do the rocket I mean somebody could have
died either way
that nothing going on over here
they're all about the little Jack I'm
getting that Jam I'll tell you what you
don't even know what it does yet no it's
part of the mission dog all right we got
to get someone else over it now you can
get a little bit closer we can get
behind that
that ATM machine yeah gotta get someone
we're gonna protect dumbass miss
point-blank shot ass fuck that fuck jack
that dumbasses subscriber okay I think
you should be careful Oh thinman yep
well they get things these big it gets
progressively oh god why do they both
activate oh that's not good that's not
at all you know what I do
retreat no no you can then you can
totally flank that then don't don't get
that canister don't get the other side
of the truck and take shot on that than
men
not that side yeah I think I can make
this think you can you're standing on
the other side that's where I move till
we loose
stupidly all right you got white yeah
wait I got a plank
it's working though since she's right
yeah yeah still up there
yep
if only I could get it to that roof that
roof would not be any help at all Jax I
think no I think if I got a fan I'm in
favor of the roof like you know get up
here BAM you go do that
I'm gonna go mercer what coffins are you
going around Oh cuz there's fire
yep oh that's smart I guess John keel
over
I'll see you God can you see them even
67 move of the yes and I can move too I
can move here you're saying yeah move
over there you might have does he flank
from there no he's not flight no way
yeah same you got but yeah I hope I'll
take it see if we get something Wow
all right we gotta get these fucks out
of the way
hi wait go next to the dorms you got
full cover line you can probably take a
shot at that other one yeah yeah yeah
all right
no over watch them probably chef Jesus
Christ and get him on the rope huh get
him on the rope
yeah fuck yeah oh it's you know it isn't
fucking roof time dog yeah roofs musical
the signs as close to the action
yeah I'm just seeing what's over there
whoa whoa what what B not over watch I
got over watch dog I'm sorry he's fine
he's fine
okay see oh you're fine yeah care for
that roof I'm gonna love it at the
thinman jump up on the roof cuz they can
do that they can do that yeah of course
they can Oh John kilo is not dead
John kilo is dead and we're so fucked
all right what's happening what's
happening
you took another shot you hit them but
you didn't kill him okay suppress yeah
oh that means the that's another ability
you know your soldiers haven't the ten
men do they can they can suppress your
soldiers once they're shooting at them
like that your aim is reduced and if you
try to move away they'll take it over
wash out sure I who's suppressive him
I hope I can't see because you're up on
the roof and I have a great vantage
point what are you saying we're gonna
get over here we're gonna flank we're
gonna do this junky Llosa's no that's
great you can't see anybody all right
you know you might not be able to see
anything but that means that they can't
see him oh we there you go
that's why roofs are great deal no I
don't want to I want to go over here I
want to go through this giant hole
that's a wall is that a wall yeah it's
transparent so you can see what's in the
room oh I thought they blew it up no
okay all right covering her this is a
hole though uh yes all the holes look
like hole you can move over the other
side of the door already might be able
to see somebody from bad spot oh not
that side of the door
oh that's print flanking position Oh No
well I'm here now don't worry I have a
15 percent chance to him all right
what's here they do oh he doesn't even
know that I'm right there I'm totally
gonna fucking get him
fucking rookies mist mist all right hi
all right
you know what to do like tonight you
should bring your rough guy yeah Oh way
to bring them down and behind okay
instead of shooting from the roof can I
shoot from the roof no I can't even
shoot from the earth you know where I
would go can you go down into that
corner or set dashing it's not dashing I
don't believe it's no it's done the blue
all right like his ass yeah so I could
go here and get a pretty decent shot out
yeah all right let's do it
oh wait slight change of plans
oh there's two over here grenade okay
the two of them will kill one outright
and you'll bring the other one down to
lower health yeah oh that's even better
and then the he'll be completely exposed
for one of your other guys
oh man going up to the roof was a great
idea once you got down off the roof
haha but I needed to go up into the roof
in order to get the Vantage okay take
the one that's exposed completely can
you move her up to a spot where she's
not exposed before you take that more to
the right next to the windows up up
further in the building like know by the
way below what not right I'm sorry
yeah like sure no no no not inside like
right outside the building okay yeah I
get confused cuz like the wall some
walls are known I have no cover oh wait
can I move over here yeah oh yeah okay
ah that's great what about the other one
5500 60% chance critical for both
fucking rookies I can prank your native
both thank know for maybe in Grenada one
of them okay yeah yeah yeah all right
let's do that
I owe ya one down and why do you have
that nothing lady you got nothing there
wall here no I got no shot I gotta put
it on the other side of a couch you
might have a shot on somebody aside I'm
on this on the couch well yeah there's
another little dippy alien right here I
know you can create him the dippy Eliana
good dippy alien yeah okay I can put her
here that's got a grenade
yeah let's created his let's create his
ass
suck on this oh he's running away
oh yeah he's probably gonna kill me yep
Oh God oh oh oh
someone panicked and they hunker down in
a panic again there's two panics okay
okay so you got one little bullet bonus
help a good man yeah he's got one health
left I just got to get to him but I
don't think I can
where is he he's over here can I get to
the roof here's the thing if I could
have gotten to the problem was your
soldier who's panicking you have a
grenade well we will find out next term
yeah I can't I can't get to her yeah I
got to get to some decent cover over
here is there a decent cover inside
anywhere I can go here a little bit
afraid that wall might burn down well
yeah I can do that yeah grenades my
throw you sell them collapse before oh
sure I can go here that's not bad if I
get a shot from here I don't think you
can other we cannot overwatch is your
friend overwatch is my friend
all right I'll Linda we did need eight
at once
overwatch is my friend hey we wing you
guys rich is going to die you have a
sniper now a good one
I mean rich riches is it's gonna kill me
is I guess more to the point I just like
getting in there you know I like I like
getting in there
you you're playing dangerous yeah you
know yeah do that sometimes Oh
an officer trainings meet Stuart
Stuart's an asshole okay look hate the
birthday boy gets promoted yay
never run I've got that's nice hang okay
I'm happy with that think that and odd
mutation gets promoted happy that's good
right it's good it's good okay low aim
heavies that's probably your best
character to have bad aim on okay
additional Awards yeah Oh Finn man
autopsy and we got this Lampert now
we're gonna check out our new sniper
we're gonna check out our new sports car
that we just purchased with your lives
somebody better Canadian anyone aim huh
one a 91m picked a winner here okay
who's haven't we go get okay what do we
name her cool who wants to be this
amazing sniper well haven't we whoever
we give it a name to yet who's got a
pizza rolls a lot of people we haven't
given a name to yet are you waiting for
someone to call it are you gonna just
I'm waiting for somebody with a pizza
roll to call it okay whatever well the
pizza roll calls it that didn't already
die yeah dibs on sniper okay we got we
got a chink shake Loused TV shake loose
shake hello US TV ohno whatever oh you
click to thing
oh it's alright you guys saw my desktop
Oh No ah okay
last name first oh we gonna okay wait
wait I lost track of the check and uh
stick loose there we go shake shake
loose Shaye Klaus oh wait you know what
first name I go last name Stevie can't
blushed don't stop okay I have a Mac
user everyone knows I'm a Mac user
you've talked about this zillion times
oh you can even change this oh yeah oh
my god you watch what do you play around
with some of these they're neat change
the race you can change them the voice
my hair color I'll go to hair helmet
keep scroll through all of those it's
funny
oh my god this is cool yeah I don't know
I didn't know you could do this yeah
well if it's a sniper
they gotta have a cool hat look it could
be me
all right let's see here oh here we go
wow this isn't weird I mean it's cool
buddy that's just how we only got three
you've gone crazy yeah it's fun okay
there we go
now that's a clue Steve here right there
you can do that oh and once once they
get ranked up enough yeah you get a
nickname go to her it one more time you
can change it sure that's a fun
all right great no I'd give her a soul
101 mm okay nope yep
nope yep boom let's go scoped it now
we're gonna we gonna good or again we
gonna we gonna pick her up
we had our level ups go to the abilities
you can do that you you wouldn't win a
soldier on as a prize for like one of
the missions yeah they're higher ranking
oh I assumed they would already come
that's why I was so big on doing that
mission even though the panic was worse
than other countries sure all right
so snapshot removes the sniper rifles
restriction on firing an overwatch after
movement oh that's nice
doctor to this I want us firing at
targets and any allies say you can stay
far in the back as long as your allies
see somebody as long as you have a line
of sight on the person your ally sees
you can shoot somebody from across the
map fuck yeah
okay
confers to bonus damage of pistols
confers plus ten a m-- and plus ten
defense against enemies at lower
elevation oh so it's you to create a
room in mind when your you gunslinger
does make your sniper a bit more mobile
okay it is it's not a bad one I know you
love rough I know I know which one
you're going to take I'm just saying
that Ben slinger is not a bad one
especially when you get like some of the
higher missiles okay you I mean listen I
love rooms but they have not proven in
that 10 percent ain't using you you
already already has great yeah okay yeah
you're right
alright great shake lose to V from
Canada you look great
good fantastic alright great great great
what do we need to do now um no more
missions let's go go back I'm gonna oh
yeah yeah we're that's okay that's okay
that's okay go back to the engineering
section there's pant I can sell that
right I know sounds I ever go we can put
a sever outside right there if we want
to better ah gonna build facilities can
go to the one that's open and see if we
can build that officer training school
yet build immediately
okay okay all right so now we need the
mission of the satellite wait till the
end wait till the end of our mission
South Africa
come on Doc Kurt there's there's
something coming up or we might be able
to reduce the panic okay oh we got a
heart my god christ almighty all right
all right
within minutes yeah you know like a
walking beam weapon then we can get all
these other ones that you want okay let
me see the other ones I'm just curious
I've already put the new recruits to
work in the lab now the combin member
the experiments or is how long on the
theme weapons everything this
you got carapace there's a lot of other
priorities to thing okay Oh Oh any more
engineers Oh
now let's look for a mission Oh perfect
okay wait it's a UFO
sometimes they there they land oh okay
I was the problem is if they land yeah
there's more enemies oh no you're going
with the generic soldier didn't we name
well yeah but have them died Oh
true that well touching down bucket will
name him later sorry I had to move out
States UFOs set down in a sparsely
populated area we need to locate and
eliminate the invader let's fucking do
this
great hey that's great that's great
and great and great sure move a sniper
last right well cuz knife or canal yeah
actually gonna eat you should even hang
back right fuck is this fuck you're in
the woods weird okay we're game reasons
everything has to be at right angles
right already
Oh who'd you get bill good focus on
aliens there's somebody in your line of
sight you got three alien heads have
popped up at the top left oh you're just
out of there seeing you range you could
take a free shot Oh
30% that's crap alright that's oh that's
your salt yeah
what is your sniper grad she doesn't
have - I guess the trees on the way I
can move her don't move anybody up
further than that assault I mean I
couldn't like if I just move her right
here move her further away on the other
shooting there are no rooms I know
they're right okay like right here uh
well no no poor against those rocks to
the right guys I think okay
so now next term look yeah I got the I
got the jam yeah I put your other guys
in come on
but don't go further than that assault
okay okay over watching Paul over
watching them all jabber tapper no can't
just end the turn
I can pistol it no that's fine move it
now overwatch oh okay
get free shots on them and nobody okay
okay
oh yeah but now they know that we are I
know I know trees are not nature's roofs
what are you it in hit is so inaccurate
sure they are no they're not roofs
period they're trees is there a tree
blogging or site with falcon but you
didn't see anybody so this up is
critical it up is critical which isn't
important here because we can see we see
one person so just go for see what
happens oh yeah as well
oh that's fine all right we got a pair
never got there
we aren't they they're down there you're
you're in bad cover all around I noticed
that I won't tell you there either
should everything's a half wall I know I
know
wide move move up and hunker down yeah
visual on the goods I can you get there
yeah you can get there and then we'll
move you up here and sniper we already
already jammed okay so now we hunker
yeah oh so we're gonna hunker so hard
appreciate great in that wall
but wait oh I'll let them move a little
closer want them come in for it my god
oh yeah coming in for it we should also
have to get that sniper okay you've got
nothing nothing you've got nothing you
got nothing dog what's your sniper got
6161 all right six you on take one of
the two that are oh wait the one that's
doing am i merging in back that guy I'm
armed sure coaching again I shouldn't do
that it's so easy to do the scan I know
I know I'm trying to be helpful
I care about what happens yes I've just
renamed or running gun that other bitch
oh well listen there's no need for names
I think when the run goes a bit of a
risk you might run into it I don't run
of a tree and if nothing activates
running gun and killed 38 percent you
want to you missed you'll be flanked and
killed the next Chung it's like me but
you could probably create it with the
other one so it's probably safe to take
that 78 now I should I should mention
this shotguns man have like a bit to hit
bonus the closer you are to something Oh
a nice a lot that's good to know
all right let's move on all right I'm
gonna try shot I'm so sorry for armchair
I just I just do it I'm not even
thinking about and you're probably not
having any fun because I'm a joke
wants to play with your toys but this is
how much I love
XCOM uh-huh dick the birthday boy don't
risk me oh no reason
now race we're going take the birthday
boy you're out here point man all right
we got to move this knife just a lil bit
probably going to have to enter that UFO
sooner or later okay great
move the heavy last
like a second-to-last novice that's not
private gym Simon I ask you can't the
south oh yeah I wasn't even thinking
about it
it just happened rich Evans how much for
a blowjob well I'll let you give me one
for free
nice oh my god nice
okay you board dog yeah but I'm not I'm
also very tired
we're probably gonna head out soon talk
about movies I mean I could but I got
like three hours of sleep last night
get it doc
scanning
J how much for a blowjob no I can't top
riches joke reload on that sniper you
can't can you yeah oh the melting people
best of the worst I forgot about that
did we come up with a third idea
a third movie oh nice at street trash
incredible melting man and then we need
a third melting movie I don't know mmm
is that Chad Walter get your eyes Frosty
the Snowman
does anybody melt and Jack Frost is the
Michael Keaton movie yeah
what's your guys's relationship with doc
of the Dead well we shot some segments
for it very little all said and done
yeah in the final movie most of our
stuff got cut out but it's on Netflix
right now if you want to check it out
but you probably if you should if you're
just checking it out like it don't
bother well they cut all but like a 30
seconds they cut out a lot they cut out
95% of what we shot but it might be on
the eventual blu-ray DVD all the stuff
we shot it was a whole storyline but if
you're really craving a Plinkett fix you
can see one minute of Plinkett in Doc of the Dead
right now I think I made it to
the final cut right yeah yeah very
little job there is it play Zombie
Jagger though not the zombie do that
when you're just jogging normally and
the zombies are behind you huh um oh no
for like one shot you see the zombie
jogger
I don't know they chopped it up there's
a little bits here and there they're
still in it but there's there's no
Plinkett storyline anymore what are your
favorite movies from best and worst Oh
mm is that one night all three of them I
mean that was just the deadly bright one
yeah yeah yeah all three of those were
good was that Deadly Prey Miami
connection and her ticket to Hawaii
yeah it was probably the best night
altogether where every movie was
entertaining and three of the best
movies in general yeah probably
yeah I think so else was pretty good
else is pretty good best genuinely best
movie is probably extra for surprise it
was actually a good movie that genuinely
best was thunderpants oh yeah Thunder
pencils pretty good I liked extra more
just because that's an ocean terrific
movie but
now there might be a closed door on the
other side a closed door yeah what is
that
the Flying Saucer will have a closed
door somewhere that's an open exposed or
right so don't know I'm not telling you
will do don't I want just to go in there
I need to go into the UFO to get the gem
I never need to go in there to just kill
things
yes I'm just saying this should be
multiple points of entry I don't know if
you're like waiting to sneak up to go
slow I'm it's not bad yeah well I'm just
getting the dams together yeah yeah you
know what I didn't even think we can
check out what's over here
okay all right we're getting there jams
incredible melting man no that was one
of the ones we want to put on our
melting person episode I haven't seen it
I've seen a clip of it and it looks
horrible floaters why would we do John
Carpenter movies on best of the worst
yes Carpentier usually makes pretty good
movies towards the end of it is his run
not so great but no best of the worst
material I'm just gonna let you know
yeah I believe the floaters can throw
grenades oh it's good to know yeah ooh
Darkstar no I actually I I had never
seen Dark Star John Carpenter's first
movie but I was at Amoeba Records
recently and they had an imported
blu-ray of Dark Star so I picked that up
and I've not watched it yet
I'm curious that's his first movie and
I've never seen it how do you know when
the door is open you can see through it
or you would've been able to shoot the
aliens they're alerted now I don't big
deal sure okay what can these guys
I'm just gonna warn you all she's got
one shot left I'm on shotgun
thank you you are correct
well can I get on the roof yeah I can
get on the roof of the spaceship the
jungle oh my god you guys that's amazing
I mean it's really it's really practical
together it's a roof it's all you got
just get on that room need to get over
here white uh Y flank there inside
you're not gonna flank from over there
no cover everybody everywhere is dancing
I got no cover you know you could do
what could I do
gone through rough go on the roof go to
the other side of the saucer holy shit
no go down now you're talking my
language
we're in the roof yeah where the room
cuz trees don't cut it cuz trees are not
nature's roots that's right fucking
bullshit okay bullshit no I think one
you gotta shut up I don't but - I'm just
checking my options dawg - over here but
yeah well just over a watcher all right
let's do this
alien activity oh that's it is it
probably lying in wait well sure they're
evil I could go in here I wonder if I
could there's two of them in there
I don't involves roofs though oh it
develops ropes
it involves ropes yeah I don't see what
we can do over here no I don't hate
trees you know what they're not roofs
Jay hates all foilage oh oh oh it's
there's a whole rant and a desperate
living above nature and trees stealing
my oxygen I wish I could run as old
monologue it's great I'm fine
both of my jams are here got my sniper
with a good line of sight into the thing
so that's good so she can just hang back
there long is jams here let me take this
you know what I'm gonna do I'm listening
I'm gonna take it slow okay
and what the aliens make a move over
here is Jack and Jill still the worst
movie in the world no because it's not a
movie that I wouldn't even classify it
as a movie so it doesn't yell oh nice
that's all right it's long take it in
you know that's what I'm doing I'm just
taking it slow check and chose not a
movie see how great that sniper have you
have you just called like Jack and Jill
not like I remember there was some
debate as far as like what does it take
to not be a movie but you're just
calling it now I like Jack and Jill is
not a movie yeah yeah that's not a movie
you drop down right next one you can get
that Mel yeah not right next to orders I
just nearly next to it I don't know
looks like it's right it's right next to
it I'm doing it
yes got that Jam I got that Jam all
right it's so tough like I'm the great
belt it oh yeah I know it's so great but
like yeah thinking of no no I got a much
better view huh
you guys are in there and there's always
an overseer
in a UFO - so you have at least two
floaters - sectoid and then overseer in
there's five guys in their goddamn
flying saucer
fucking hell I need you to get in oh
whoa wait we'll see if we can we'll see
if we can snipe anyone else wait oh no
this is just it's just cause you're just
hanging it up okay overwatch okay let's
see what happens
one more one more before we
oh they're doing something in there Jack
I know I know I want to see what's going
on in there I can always run away you
know well okay this is my running Gunnar
okay I got this I got this
I've got battle plans contingencies yeah
I love this shit yeah you know what
I don't what I'm doing fucking camera
around nothing that's all right you go
well how many shots to share okay okay
no targets failure yeah I know we got we
got shots on the shotgun - I'm Bob on
the machine gun there's a question named
to me but it's more for you rich yeah
what's the story with Gamestation why
did it only run a few episodes because
of his experimental in the first place
we tried it and I didn't like doing it
it was kind of weird having nobody to
play off of nobody to converse with and
get feedback from cuz young doing Mike
and Jay were filming me with the camera
but they didn't know anything about
video games so I'm like does this sound
interesting and they're like sorry
there was it was a pilot I mean I was
never in wait I'm watching what happens
here this thing
Oh still life oh damn
Oh running away Oh running gun away and
maybe you could at least kill wow those
guys oh sure
oh my god okay okay be safe
yeah no I mean we it was meant as like a
test yeah there wasn't some people
because that was right around the same
time that we were putting the half of
the bag episodes on machinima so I think
some people polled thought that we were
doing Gamestation for Michelle no we
weren't we were just doing it for
ourselves as though you know just to try
something new
Shemp her name oh you did do you need a
rag on together um because she does she
have - what does this knife we have sha
twice I got some shots 70 100 % I could
take out a floater that's not bad
do the just in case do the headshot I
don't think you'll need it but don't
feel like take chances ah I know which
one which one well can anybody else
shoot anything
what about things like that Ricky by the
tree stump oh yeah 30 hey he's got one
oh you know what he's down on help all
right
somehow no that's that's the most you
could conceivably get oh and it flashes
like that yeah fuck that
okay so here's over deal and so we do
take out one of these jams take a 71 you
take 100 I know that's one of those
great XCOM decisions
will you guys do the 48 hour film thing
again probably not the last one we did
we realized that it just felt like we
were doing more work is at that point we
were probably to stuff all the time
anyway and it was like this is just more
work so probably not you took jets and I
did it and paid off all right all right
right that's the thing like making
Internet videos is basically doing the
48 hour film festival all the time yeah
yeah
so it's to then make another movie on
top of that all this kind of like a
complete waste of time I know I know
what's your what's your heavy guy can
you move your honey just somewhere work
she can get up shut the won it back no
no I just moved the heavy last time this
term yeah you've already moved her yeah
she can't see anything oh she's done
yeah she's got now so so like yeah the
48 hour film festival is is really fun
by the way it was fun the first couple
of years now the third year he just was
stressful I mean it was kind of fun um
but it was more stressful than anything
I know I used my running gun but I feel
more couple running gunning away yeah we
ever attend another convention probably
eventually when space cops done maybe
well we'll do some conventions but wait
because shot won't oh well shit I guess
I can't know
there you go
who's the third guy in the dude bros
that was damn he's a friend of mine he
moved out of out of Milwaukee though so
that's why he's not did anything anymore
hey nice nice okay all right
he moved where he's in karma no no okay
yeah so if I killed the one yeah good
one giving or the one getting the one
giving okay oh nice oh shit okay it's
okay
is it oh yeah totally is okay okay
why 67% floaters when they will heavy
some kind of bad aim to begin with and
floaters get like a defense just for
being flight sure so I get where this is
a 20 there can I get a better if I move
can I get a better you might be able to
grenade I don't like that at all well
yeah grenade I'd rather now you'd move
in grenade you know that would do it
yeah yes your sniper have a bead on
what's good thing to check yeah I'm
gonna return he right you are right
anything nope okay Oh get out here get
out of here okay all right I got this
get out of here yeah where is pork pork
in space it's on the red letter media
archive volume 1 DVD
don't pretend your soul don't microwave
let's go besides everyday I'm gonna
grenade a pork pork in space like for
parking space I'm happy with that movie
that was one of those things I had an
idea I did all came together very
quickly in my mind I knew exactly what I
wanted and then we made it
jealousy the one
but are you you're not anything
aalverson oh okay yeah you're not
anything um I can get the back one but
it's a 41% chance instead of a 51%
chance I either way I'm not happy but
you know what I could do is Grenada both
yep because these are the last two guys
for all we know
oh shit dog there could be somebody out
in the woods that's true any other XCOM
games you recommend classic and I like
the new one I'm not a fan at all of the
bureau or any of the other weird and
spin-offs they did with XCOM back in the
day like the what was it executioner
wearing there's third person shooter one
I don't know I haven't played the I
actually haven't played terror in the
deep which is the expansion pack for
XCOM one and I forget where the full
secret was called III I haven't played
that one at all
this is the first excellent game I've
ever played
what are you thinking what are your bins
as Ricky I'm liking it
gravely wounded gravely wounded oh yeah
take the birthday boy took a beatin took
a beat down that that dick got beaten
terrible give out some medals okay I'm
gonna head out okay all right jack
listen chat it's been fun but I didn't
get any sleep last night
and Hippolyta sleep here you do know you
know what next time if I can manage to
acquire a copy of ducktales we'll just
still live that gotten Oh duck tail yeah
yeah um to play duck tails I mean I mean
I got a steam account name is charm CH
ard I decided to say that right now I
felt like saying that has nothing to do
with dark tails no is nothing to do with
duck tales but duck tales is available
on Steam I wish my Steam name is ch ard
what has got five in two hours of X I
know if I managed to find a copy of duck
tales I would love to play Jane would
love to play that I played the shit out
of dark tales is again so I would love
to
that's do you see candy yes
there's a steam sale going on it might
even be on steam i all right everybody
let's go
your guys are funny
front is the appropriate response yeah
that is the exact appropriate or
absolutely yes yes Bhaiji okay all right
let's go here everything yeah let's do
this
how many days are we into the month I
don't know
oh is that Robert rains goal oh great
great carry on for now don't assign new
construction back up fifteen days until
the next account go to the barracks
barracks or annex training school I read
through this font size increase coincide
to five soldiers absolutely wet work
plus twenty five experience from kills
Wow let's get another squad yes oh oh
that's great that was very much needed
yeah um what else did we get well we
need we need to name another soldier in
a minute under what we had a new armor
yes I know there might be a lot of
charts on Steam but I'm the one that has
500 hours into X contacts in a more
frequent I guess that's one way to check
it I don't know if there's any other
girl a boy
check if somebody is really there didn't
we get new armor yeah we need more
engineers to build the teller that's
right fucking engineers fucking
engineers go go to the engineering
session plenty of years do we have maybe
saying something
okay well forget where am I gonna go to
Mission Control but don't start time up
okay of course okay we don't have time
to build a satellite but I don't know
that we're gonna get up even to the
Senate like relay off anyway sorry
alright is what it is
10:4 activity Oh your attention oh no
its mission coming in now
oh no two engine here this is a
councilman Sharon I'm shocked we didn't
get one in the first month this is
actually it's a consolation but it's
also the first mission of the slingshot
DLC okay it's like a little three
mission story that plays out and there's
a lot of good rewards for this one
actually two scientists two engineers
and 200 glaucon's yeah so we'll be able
to build our armor but not until after
this mission let's do it
okay yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
uh we should change a couple name a few
names I'm actually gonna not I'm gonna
clear out this sniper yeah for this
mission I agree we're gonna add in oh
this is only how many people you have
yeah we need to hire some people to they
won't get there in time for this mission
sure all right we're gonna get this guy
oh we can name him though we don't name
we got three of my needs name okay let's
do that what else is injured yeah all
right what's get some names here I'm
looking at a fearful sludge boy great
I'm looking at a fearful sludge boy
fearful sludge boy as a pizza roll sweet
all right
um piers she's so Trump she didn't get
that on the last name sure yeah there we
go
first name - - just enough well is there
another woman he's been named yeah
lemons
oh yeah Stevie lemons yeah all right
Justin
Foreman and how's that smell show mmm
was in it named scroll up there all
right and then we get one more right no
they're all they're all named all right
all right who's gonna die next probably
all of you yay you're all dead
I'm sorry welcome to your doom I'm very
sorry you ever watch frisky dingo oh
it's me no I you know it's us season 1 I
haven't seen anything that shows the
supervillain was trying to publicize his
destroy the world scheme and they had
they had like postcards
it's like advertised the the destructor
Tron it was a misprint it said welcome
to you are doomed you apostrophe re well
sorry everybody welcome to you are doing
you must be you must be you must be you
must be you

[Part VI]
you must be my contacts no one who fears
reprisal would make an entrance like
that let's get him on our team
he will okay once you beat this mission
he goes on your team nice he's a heavy
with decent aim it won't take long for
them to all's I'm missing especially
since I've got this thing we got a thing
if you take me with you
it's all yours that's our man
and it looks like Oh catch with them
we'll need to get him back to the
extraction point in one piece there's
former employers not to mention slow and
steady sitting overwatch and you have a
squad sight sniper I'm gonna hang back
that's right so the three things to keep
in mind that's right
large boy
Roger that
or men
we got this you gotta keep the chatter
of bridge alright somebody on that other
side I'm top two probably and that's
saying that's the guy you're escorting
I'm not sure so careful ahem what he was
taking office from a variety of bidis
regardless of their intentions you can
switch her to the pistol and do
overwatch remember it all right I
remember I remember all right all right
another thing to keep in mind
fuck-you medkits that's kind of how
we're playing this I use a med kit when
I have a good support and I have a good
medic to use because it's just the one
use it's one use some before you got
decent armor you die quick anyway I'm
not gonna kill somebody just so they can
beat him finish off the next term we
think dying in one shot yeah when you
die in one shot red kits are like hey
whatever
no this is something less base-catalyzed
Thanks
hot dogs ahead
you can't get a decent night's rest
isn't present but I've come the future
oh my god yep okay
oh all right hey tripper this fuck
behind us oh wait wait stop looking
consider because when they drop down
from the sky yeah they're on overwatch
so if you move right they're gonna get
he's gonna shoot at your ass right for
some reason I can't shoot at him cuz
you're down below you can't see him oh
you know once I had the wrong person
there we go this is the one I want
what's wait I'm just looking okay is
this what's 75% a five percenter that's
pretty good
it was everyone else got anybody else
got peed on you might be able to hit him
40 that's not good you might be able to
hit him just out of tree huh he's a
witness he with grenade within grenade
range I'm sure he is maybe with this
lady cuz I would destroy his cover at
least then take a step down pretty low
now um yeah after that
just because he is right next to know
now what's her chance to hit that that
one is in the back like oh cool all
right you're right you're right
I'm just if you can get your rookie
skills sure they break up okay that's I
mean you know that's something to keep
in mind you still got that that I said
last night yeah yeah
and when you're in close ranges so
another another thing to know about the
weapons yeah when you're actually close
range to the sniper rifles accuracy
decreases Oh
so since he's only got one hit point you
might have a better chance to hit with
the pistol okay that is good to know
yeah that is a good hint 100% chance
okay great
I hope that today oh well I built I
believe it's a trilby might be fedora
okay slow and steady slow and steady you
might um you might want to take a turn
just to there's no time limit if you
just want to reload sure
reload get everybody freshened up we
doing on everybody yeah oh yeah not
everyone can move this turn anyway yeah
exactly
okay alright slow things slow and steady
gonna be very exciting back in a mo a
job itself
okay slow and steady rich has gone away
and so it's just me now just me talking
to you guys I'm gonna do my best to get
up on a rooftop to see if I can just
piss rich off all of it because I think
that would be funny
once I saw this device I began to fear
the implications of our involvement
heading to that location
overwatching language this is the most
exciting okay here we go
I got a second check out the chat I know
I'm working on getting the entire team
killed before which gets back
oh no I got up on the roof there is no
ruff I'm a mystery
seriously though do we have any nasty
surprises nothing okay
just nothing we're just taking it slow
also if you're going over March with a
sniper don't forget to switch back to
the sniper rifle yes okay good good that
way move Zhang in here and then we take
just fine you move behind Zhang just
nice and easy
it's amazing and then our sniper can
just hang out because she's got a perch
right because she can see everything
everyone else sees ah yeah yeah if
you're gonna move everybody though
either move everybody over to the side
your snipers on remove your sniper to
the side everybody's on sure is that
squad sights useless if she doesn't have
a line of sight anybody your squad sees
alright so I pick a side to bring
everybody down on okay well they're here
for now then I move everyone to this
side okay okay okay let's overwatch
everyone will she'll see she's still in
the pistol yeah she got SWAT sight with
the pistol the sniper when you go
overwatch trying to use the sniper rifle
but you can't overwatch with the sniper
rifle can you get oh wow you can't move
and shoot you can overwatch with a
sniper rifle
oh okay that's another one
get ready enemy forces
okay he's on overwatch
and most um almost
all right okay Oh get get to it
oh we're going already was he he was a
nun over watch they Oh whenever they
drop their on overwash oh okay
Wow shit what's well check it always
check what everybody has sure so you
know what kind of odds you're dealing
with before us she's not got the sniper
rifle out though oh my goodness never
rifle off I'll see what happen on 39 so
close he is anyone oh I can definitely
kill him thanks got nothing
she's out in the open and we gotta get
me just gotta love her we can't miss the
overwatch all right renamed or shoot
Renee it won't move children well you go
kill hell yeah I am
yeah that's pretty good
fifty really tornado kill him
yep yeah
I try to no I don't want to blow up that
back wall cause I'll fry need that later
now the throwing animation is really
funny okay so that's his turn so now
let's see if the rookie here
I know mutation is not a rookie and that
a rookie dang
and see if we can chip away some help
careful if you my friend overwatch I
forgot for a second over watch and I
remember I remember
and I shouldn't run over flank they
would be
let's just see what we can do here okay
only one bullet left though I'll get
reload after this okay
really let's check it one bit oh yeah
that's the cool down on this
unhitch shot oh you probably don't need
it though for health sniper rifle those
high with damage than you so much uh
yeah let's give this a try I can always
have some third grenade if the sniper
rifle there we go you're still in
business I still have all my people take
tick turn everybody a drink reload
everybody oh yeah might take it two
turns but it's worth it absolutely
that's you reloaded I'd like to see Jett
playing FTO it's it's kind of like this
it's kind of boring but I really love
FTL good job asshole
boom yeah somebody said that for you or
for me
I don't know I'm suing for you since
you've got everybody dead I got
everybody dead yeah I'm so he said good
job jack they didn't say asshole okay
and you're still good alright
retreat now what's hectically that's
exactly what we're trying to do we're
heading towards an exit and there now I
can hear you well neither this nor FTL
are boring to watch for me at least oh
that's good XCOM is super exciting to me
great work rich that was all Jack my
coaching is on a minimum right now yeah
Rick who's just giving me some pointers
and telling me tell me what now when I
didn't have the right things okay yeah
we can all four watch your Snipes watch
hostile forces about a tower position
XCOM is the gaming equivalent of soccer
make it forever
oh oh oh my god well this is over
watching yeah Jesus Christ you fucked
that guy up well well shit guys
nope oh that's alright that's alright
just one guy what's your sleeper guy
that's one guy snipers got enough that I
can't imagine oh we gotta get well so
one site
I mean if she had a clear line of sight
Tim doesn't matter how far away he is if
somebody else could see it oh yeah yeah
I just just tryin to I already move you
yeah I already move doing so you are
gonna hunker they're gonna overwatch
probably gonna poison you poison me thin
mints spit poison I know this sure
Oh what sir what's her ability to hit
that guy oh yeah
oh but now now is my sniper now do I
have a line of sight
well it's this something's probably
blocking the snipers sure was the
problem sure what else one of those
headstones or something they might guess
the over Watchers cases he should decide
to move but right the saying I would
just keep yeah thanks Emily and hunkered
yeah and they're not movin I can't say
hunker down and have J get upset yeah
that's so sad
all right let's see what he is
please yep all right and so what does
that mean that for every he's gonna lose
like three points of health all said and
done one to each turn sure okay
and has also is aim and whatnot is
reduced okay well does that mean for you
was this it was that like a
philosophical question what does it mean
you're right does that mean for you guy
you can nade him uh you can grenade them
be careful you don't wanna hurt through
the smoke though oh yeah
see I like a missile you could I don't
know if I could Grenada I don't know if
I could hit him with a grenade no
probably not from them but I can missile
um maybe this is your cult shot is blind
no I can't even that's only I might move
around Marsh what happens I know there's
a lot of tombstones on the way usually
the shots blocked it just turns out
yellow like that and nearby like I
should be able to hit that and he's
going I think says 0% though okay move
off a bit not avoid up what is yeah see
here is like 90% I don't know you got to
just find a sweet spot where there's no
tombstones on the way I saw it go 91 so
I'll just fucking tombstones
should I try more of the right of him oh
no no no okay yeah yeah and I don't like
it I don't like using my lorac Oh what's
ninety percent you can miss with the
rocket launcher it pisses you off every
time it happens but it can happen
alright maybe if I move her if I just
move her like over here it's never yeah
I mean just why not
it won't hurt yes Oh all right we can't
move and shoot huh you can't move and
shoot that's all right all right no okay
that's not a bad suggestion
I'd get out of the smoke and all maybe
hunker down again yeah we can go over
here now the smoke over here
hunker overwatch is the clunker okay all
right
he's in half cover and that's a thin man
he's a sitting duck
all right give me a second here I think
I can figure this out take your time
it's your turn base okay yeah yeah I
know rich Evans is the man inside of me
here stream is falling off
listen I I know that 90% is not a
hundred percent but it's 90 fucking
percent yep
you know you know what you know what X
I'm advancing but I thought that's X
coming baby yeah that's ex-convict
that's probably a chance to say that
that's ex-con baby yeah
I'm just gonna wait he's gonna move up I
think everybody's bored that's fine you
getting bored okay so you can be one of
us
I'm sorry what we're very sorry but this
warplane Ricky's gonna Ritchie's gonna
try a tap dancing routine what the fuck
was that right seconds lessons just bang
your hands on the table
right absolutely okay all right
oh wait no no no no no there we go
60 offseason Stacia
thank you we'll give it a shot if not I
can great
I'm sorry that's my alright alright
that's fine then now that won't kill him
grade no he's got for help the grade
only takes up three that's alright we're
gonna grenade him you shoot him with
somebody else I think like my plan if we
grenade him that'll get rid of all of
his cover yeah and then and then this
guy should be able to do something
poison so his aim is low I suppose you
run up with her yeah yeah I've heard of
it but as a secondary but lemon green
okay right first I'll definitely grenade
first yeah we're gonna grenade him first
all right this little rocket mister the
rocket rich that's bullshit God odd
mutation taking it to him boom I've
mutation that occupation job thank you
now what can fearful sludge boy do
sludge boy yeah he might be able to see
all right everybody take five are you
you're fine that's uh oh you're good
it's hang here good
you can pull with uh someone high cover
on the other side of her that tombstone
on the left and left
oh yeah okay I'm with you I'm with you
I'm rolling I'm rolling out rolling all
right
you up ever so slightly really nice
feature okay great so thin man but we
got it we got it now we got a Jimmy Jam
guys that's a mutant a mutant yep want
the fizzy fuck where's my sniper hey how
are you doing you're doing fine that is
a new time all right you know we're
gonna do we're gonna hang we're gonna
reload yep we're just gonna we're just
gonna be over here you don't even need
to worry about us do you have good cover
so you're just gonna overwatch you
should reload they're gonna keep your
head oh tell me he's exposed he's on the
the flanking side of where that creature
might decide to come from
oh Jesus Christ rich you're right let's
get overwatch and you might get lucky if
I put her here I can overwatch her over
here well no because you want her to hit
him when he comes out I mean right
all right I put her closer to him and
all right area let's see what happens do
you have anyone else who I got
okay yeah we got one grenade over there
she doesn't have line of sight though
nope that's bad that's okay we can we
can fix it
we can try um we can try and move in
there you know see if you guys line of
sight here or here but we're not gonna
worry about that right now
yeah we're not gonna worry about that
right now we are going to what are we
gonna do okay I can figure this out
I can totally fine I won't let you
figure it out you let me figure this out
oh we got good cover over there but we
need to keep them we need to keep zhuang
alive this is somewhat accurate
statement rich plays Jack playing X come
and do event I'm sorry jack I hope I'm
not ruining this for you with big too
much of an armchair comes I'm not I'm
meant to lightly coach oh that worked 1%
but now I can't fire her
that's fine you know next time you'll be
able to that's a good thing
ya know riches you know he's telling me
a little bit what I need to know and and
more so he's moving the stream along
where if it was just me I would be
taking more time it takes me a couple
hours to play FTL and lose yeah yeah
that's what or twice in recent days I've
got with the end boss a diet
now if fucking keeps hacking my oxygen
tanks it's obnoxious
affirmative
okay
it's fine and that that gunner he's
willing yeah powerful no well I I assume
I mean I can't i'm right i don't have
one i already use it say i have one boat
with this yeah okay yes one of the one
of the upgrades later on is four more
okay what have we got going on in the
chat here
I've never played alan wick money Hawks
money hacks your oxygen tanks its
noxious obnoxious
look I said noxious I meant obnoxious I
don't know I know I miss Brown's words
all the time that's by my job
absolutely absolutely party is happening
armchair XCOM is the best it is it
really is all right here we go here we
go
come get some
all right wait on the rocket we can't
wait on the rocket we already use the
rock gotta use the rocket once Rockets
gone but it's but he's gonna move to our
Grenadier over here oh Jesus Christ
sweet fucking Jesus Christ
wait do you have a now grenades also
take out cover right right it's right
I know I know listen I'm just gonna
should be nice you should be right right
okay that's pretty nice I like that well
but I mean I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
use it now because we're gonna we're
gonna okay okay I'm just looking seeing
what we got here that's that's the way
to do it look Saint consider right so I
don't like my cover options over here oh
no here we go hey here's the full cover
so I can get over here and I should be
able to hit him with a grenade yeah
then ideally once we take down that
cover we want him to be dead this turn
right and everyone has a shot
everyone's got a shot all right let's do
this all right do this this drop it
right on his fucking head catchphrase
grenade out that's not a good
catchphrase that's all right
she did her best yeah just her Forte is
not catchphrases now 55 that's can you
get her closer before you fire maybe I
mean I can't her eyes might go up and
she'll do I don't know if that's enough
elevation there to get an elevation
bonus but there's just no cup I'm not
sure I'm in some shitty cover but like I
said ideally he's dead this charlie yeah
I'm with you I'm with it I'm like there
55 knots simcha but that's what we tried
yeah yeah
all right let's see if we can if we can
get our sniper oh no we got him
yeah well you wanna go see if we can no
targets my ass didn't move he didn't
move
fuck you XCOM alright what about the the
hit out we got him Janna hammy move her
yeah you know move her did that one
tombstone that's close I thought fuck no
target so the one that's even closer
we're not taking yeah honestly he'll be
dead
he'll be dead we got it we got it we got
it oh god we don't got it fuck someone's
gonna die why why what happened to our
fire uh overwatch with her don't move
her
overwatch sure he's gonna have to run to
cover she might see him and take a shot
as he's gonna luck
alright it's not over yet okay I can
sing behind good cut I need a good thing
all right come here thing
let's go work it's gonna work trust me
okay fine it's fine and we win the
lottery
all the tension jesus fucking christ so
now another one's gonna die yeah yeah
right there right right in the fuck no
one else did their fucking job that's
why wait plank ass ass first you do that
yeah she's got shit aim shit aim I just
can't fucking believe that all right
hold on
so if I go here I should be able to
expose and 55% oh god yeah I can hate
him fucking head off this is the joy and
pain that is XCOM right oh wait 10% is
about that that's nothing over not high
cover at least we to the right oh wait
the right mr. Thompson area fucking fuck
fucking fuck 15%
you know the wash it over watch he's
gonna shoot man I could shoot the other
guy Tim but he's gonna want to move
because he knows his flight
yeah all right you're gonna be my bait
that's the same huh
that's insane well where else I guess he
oh yeah he's got a line of sight so okay
let me move you over here sang is saying
is valuable because once once he's on
your team and said he's a decent a
decent fellow I have on your team hi
you're gonna dad dog don't wanna say no
line of sight okay over wife she's gonna
have to move again yeah so you might get
another chance oh come on come on come
on come on come on come on come on come
on come on come on come on you're gonna
take out another one no he's running ah
okay okay I'll take a run fucking fuck
now that's no good the joy and the pain
that is XCOM oh I mean it's a coin flip
but it's something yeah I'm I'm done
with that logic I don't see what we can
do is so this guy can't do anything but
she can move and take another shitty
shot yeah and so can she
boss no she can't move fuck what's their
natural chance to hit that guy just 15
now god yeah unless I want to try to no
want to risk triggering more crops here
oh shit I didn't even think about that
yeah Iowa let's try to snipe him then
see what happens
I'm not moving him I'm just yeah I know
I know seeing if he has a line of sight
and I doesn't okay all right do it for
the dead to it for the dead and we're
just to get that sauce doesn't matter
this Mary oh yeah it's done three okay
all right
you just have to hit yes finally
you know when it goes into the action
cam that it's a-okay oh fucking out
all right everybody reload Oh God reload
well two people who died they weren't
just rookies right yeah I think so all
right so this could have been far worse
zhuang keep your head down and you
reload oh that fucking lieutenant
lieutenant Newton it's not a cult ah
let's get the group back together we're
not done yet
Tsang it's nice cover for you I got one
in front one in back pad down
and what we should reload you fuck you
rich and then one of the guys who died
fearful sledge boy
fuck you rich I was a person hahaha and
and now you're a dead person you might
want to try bringing your sniper up sure
we're getting out of oh yeah there's
wolves everywhere she's not gonna have a
line on the side up light a site in
anything okay I'm with you I'm just
gonna - it used to be a crystal instead
of a mouton but they actually altered
this level slightly for the enemy within
updating so it's it's it's now a little
time mutant whatever I keep saying wrong
but I'm dumb
and down over watch so we playing this
to the end of this month beside our goal
right now sure what time is it uh good
night at night well I have to have to
pack it up eventually I know that's why
I'm wondering now when we should call it
oh yeah yeah we'll see I mean listen one
mission at a time right yeah
did you turn into a zombie it's like I
just I love seeing the drop point and
being like come on come on come on game
you know we're almost waiting for it to
drop some shit on me
overwatch head down overwatch and sniper
rifle overwatch okay okay great great
great great reactivity in that oh okay
okay okay oh nice nice I'll take that
I'll take that 65% oh wait you should
wait 37 percent I know I know I know
don't worry well you couldn't
yeah she can't get behind that car
though okay okay five percent nothing
and what do you got you got something do
you got something eighty-one percent
that's pretty nice anyone's a higher
number mm-hmm I've heard that about
anyone all right all right all right all
right
but this fuck it's fuck right over there
it's the only one that can see this
sectoid
right yeah okay so and we don't have
good numbers on the sectoid but you know
it's something let's worry about this
other fuck all those yeah they're more
dangerous okay so first thing we're
gonna try to do sniper
good good good
fuck that bastard yep okay that's great
that's great so now now we got a
secretary to deal with though and he's
an overwatch oh fuck he's an overwatch
yep
if I run away he will shoot you he will
shoot me so no matter what he shoots me
huh so when I'm trying to flank you
later huh
don't worry about flanking you later
yeah cuz like I mean I could go into
overwatch too and just the hope he
doesn't hit me and I have good health so
I'm not terribly worried where's this
line of sites you know I'm I'm just like
is that loud yeah it's fine that's what
it's like and I don't think she doesn't
and she has no targets so it's almost
just like just sitting wait which is
kind of what I'm well can you move her
up where she gets the line of sight you
can put her on the tombstone of the
other side saying yeah but then what do
you shoot me shoot at you you know what
rich sometimes you're alright alright
I'm just wondering what her chance to
hit one baby sure
Oh apparently oh yeah here go it's not
shooting at me I know he's not shooting
at me
well cuz that went to Mercer rooms were
looked like he might not have a good
line of sight on you the end teeth like
this is why I like and I know like it's
just math but the way the map is I know
the what yeah it looks like if I would
think that you like there's a lot of
times we're learning come on look at
that it's got a clear line of sight to
me but that's fine all right well yeah
let's try taking him out then let's try
taking him out let's see what happens
that's fine
try it again
oh my god even less of a chance
overwash yeah I wish you'll hold them in
place
quite possibly we'll see I can do hey
mister - a shot nice and now he's not
never watched anymore nope you can't
move so
see where can you go no no a where can
you go oh you got nothing you got
nothing lady she goes behind that I
probably won't be able to sing from
where I can't imagine but you need to
move up anyway so come on oh yeah you
gonna fit
hello target sale that's fine that's
fine you can move her up to that one two
stone there
she can't shoot anyway and the one of
the one in front of that even she might
be able to see him from there huh
oh yeah oh yeah okay great but let's
hope let's let's see if we can deal with
him that's fun it's like I almost wanted
this hop out here and bam bam bam it
won't work that aim that guy's a mash it
totally is by the way odd mutation you
know you're probably a fine person but
your aim is shit oh yeah look at that
ham oh yeah look at that like he's a
full cup
alright well then you know what we're
just gonna hold him here until our
sniper gets to reload and you too all
right
can't do it do daily oh you just gonna -
you know what good good fucking over
what right I don't think your son up
snipers and kills one of her office it's
all good
how much she misses which she is well
you know we seem to be doing okay with
just over watching him man yeah yeah so
uh that's that's that's a good shoot
with the other one we might be able to
get ahead
Shinzon I have a 45 I know I know it
she's a trombone I'm gonna start calling
she's a truant shinza
that's what's gonna happen or something
oh we hunkered down what is that you
don't know what hunkered down this no
that's like just increased defense yep
he's scared good this fucking should be
you're scaring him jack okay excellent
61% yeah hey saw your dumb behind half
cover which got double tap shutters 20
okay be the shot anyway this is why non
oh there we go there we go alright
alright guys and do this might want to
take time to reload or down you might be
all clear but I'm not sure there might
be another guy waiting to pop up but is
that it that was around yeah alright
let's see what happens
get over here yeah let's see if this
triggers anything all right
can you get him to within the dashing
distance of her okay now I can get him I
couldn't behind that middle wall section
man this one middle one middle yeah yeah
I'm on with you watch when there's three
high walls and you're in the middle one
they can't even see you nice oh okay all
right we got overwatch oh yeah nope nope
okay yeah okay so can the same oh yo one
you need to get the end the mission I
think is saying okay
oh did it jack did it oh and that was
almost all you yeah very minimal
coaching yep again it okay oh my god oh
my god
you did good for someone who almost had
a complete squad wife the one mission
that I was terrified of I don't know
that should've been the end of your game
jack but I know you stuck with it hmm
you kept going you did it for debriefing
Oh God
we did it thank you I'm not a complete
failure now someone tell my parents that
I don't think by the way like I know I
don't know that with men's briefs mine
door is like five hours later you're
finally getting it I think that's how
long it takes to understand the game is
to our to plan on a very hard difficulty
classic is no cakewalk
oh okay so disabling shot allows the
sniper to fire a shot that causes the
target's maining a weapon to malfunction
the target may use reload to fix the
weapon clock that's great battle
scanners game device when thrown creates
a new source of vision for two turns
it's like a throwable radar you can
throw into areas that are dark and see
what's in there scout out that's pretty
nice too but fucking take out their gun
it's useful for capturing or if you got
a big enemy that you'd like that mutant
yeah take it out if you can't kill him
with one shot you can disable this
weapon while everyone else regroups yeah
that's useful I know almost everyone
loves the the radar one yeah but I think
it's kind of stupid for a sniper because
you want your sniper to hang back yeah
and that's only really useful if you're
on the front damn line oh no I'm in
total agreement by the way like taking
out an enemy's main weapon is huge
out here smoke grenade I think smoke
grenade shins directions on you got
yourself a smoke grenade and the other
ones are dead sorry everybody else well
you did game sake yes you Tod 2n2
engineers we have anything here's now we
have armor remember yes what else we're
gonna build so much armor you have five
for everybody okay we can feel fine
there you go great great
go direction oh thanks I've you soldiers
sing bang
what are you fire rocket
okay well it's warm standard shots
primary open is no longer and the turn
have taken first act she's got good aim
yeah oh there goes this person he's also
pretty so we're saying a valley so yeah
I don't know me bolts one yeah I'm gonna
try not to tell you what to do no no
absolutely okay let's see what we got a
shredder rocket fire rocket that causes
all enemy hits to take 33% damage from
all sources for the next 10 turns the
rockets blast is weaker than the
standards bracket what it does do some
damage it's a weaker rocket yeah but the
rocket also makes everybody else to do
more damage on him that's nice for the
next however many terms I have Roger
pins down a target granting reaction
fire against it and imposing a 30%
palpated am oh yeah they had bad that
now that's nice too
oh that's a tough one let's see what
these are firs damage against robotic
enemies should have a seen any of yet
confers the same reaction shot if on
overwatch and the first reaction shot is
hit oh no no let me explain this okay
for one reaction shots they naturally
have a minus 20% chance a cuz yeah I'm
theory the enemy is moving so it so for
one very overshot it's already minus 22
him to begin with right second if these
have the worst aim out of a hole
so if you get that first hit you can get
a second one there so chances are you're
gonna miss the first one anyway I won't
get the second one sure and then if you
hit on the second one you'll probably
miss on the second one anyway and you're
just burning through ammo from no good
goddamn reason all right I hate I hate
it
this one I'll let you decide but the
shredder it's like it's basically like a
second rocket so it doesn't replace your
normal one either oh oh well then that's
it if I can get two rockets and that's
it
absolutely and then he did it okay all
right great
yeah now that I thought it was replacing
my normal rocket no well it's an
addition - I like that and then we want
their previous armor oh god yes I know
it's it's it's a blessing to finally get
it but it is the ugliest in the game it
really is you can change the color Rider
it might hold those same doesn't let you
customize most of the stats
oh he's considered a special character
sure well we'll keep you bright blue and
jackass all right well let's take all of
our people and put the nice Armour out
of them
oh look out
Oh
- oh where in the world is Carmen
Sandiego yes
there yeah where in the world is Carmen
Sandiego you up topped up do I join down
there that one well no that's alright I
apparently not the ducktales song
detective this will have like different
different color armor will help me keep
them straight in my head
see I'm a weirdo I like my military guys
to have uniform color so I can give them
all some shade of green herbage we re
what some people do is they color code
them by class so they'll get like all of
their assaults red and all of their
snipers blue yeah
oh we got to change his name oh yeah we
do
all right we got mommy gap oh look at
that ugly oh that's great oh um oh wait
our snipers are red use a sniper or is
that cool
Trude true no three one one
so last name first name oh you want you
to all lesson unit root no and then
three one let's do that these first name
okay there we go
I snipers all of those all those
dark-skinned people from Norway Jack oh
yeah but now both of our snipers are
really dark skin and have red armor
that's how you keep track of shit yeah
okay I'm gonna get you the new armor oh
great
and get you the new armor hey do you use
fathering oh you know yeah I gave it to
all the people who I care about social
hierarchy more I should hire a few more
yeah
hire soldiers hire workers and it's okay
for oh my god they start marching yes
okay we got a Jew be doop to give and
never panic as a result of allies
getting wounded or killed
still pretty who's still pretty noob a
lot of them a lot of them well how about
shins on why not you know we're gonna
give shins on the supports yeah you can
make a good medic out of a support okay
I gotta think lose later on there's an
ability where you can use like the med
kit three times oh oh so if you want to
train her as a support give her a med
kit and then we'll finally have a med
kit nothing we have the bigger armor I
think the bed gets more useful okay so
if I meant kit we have one already but
oh did I yep no we don't use it Tim's on
are you happy we got a fucking med kit
now all right
well if you're gonna be a medic now
we're gonna change your armored tent to
white oh my god you get really fancy
that's why I get then do it jack
I'm really getting into it I'm getting a
little into it all right there you go
now your medic now will loan out instead
of a frag you'll have a med kit all
right I'll make sure the other snipers
got a scope - you guys go para sure we
gave her one but the dude sniper new
sniper right right we should probably
get my hat - only I'm just doing this is
in reference to the med kit it only took
five hours in all caps all right when
you're when your guys can die in one hit
it doesn't make that much sense you're
better off with grenades it's true you
need to kill them before they can kill
you I totally agree with that that's
that's my my battle philosophy on med
kits okay once you got the better you
don't die in one hit then then I start
rolling out a med kit
I got a council report in ten days beam
weapons and seven new soldiers and three
scan Jim do this work you oh my god
right okay that's fine let's scramble
the interceptors Rajon we're having one
did good last time so let's go again
Draven one get them know at some point
we're gonna want to try and upgrade our
uh
our aircraft weapons cuz there's gonna
be great Flying Saucer said start
popping up Jesus Christ
the smaller meaning
I have no I got hurt
okay okay gonna move the other one huh I
can yeah baby - okay
which Evans art of war yeah yeah look
look I don't know I don't have 500 hours
into XCOM for nothing hey okay alright
we've got 3 1 1 shins on mutation
Louisa sang all right everybody's got
the jams let's do this I think this will
be our last mission this will be our
last mission of Apollo tonight I'd like
to get a terror mission yeah okay okay
but we can do this mission let's do this
get ready to deploy our AO is within the
continent as 1230
it looks like the aliens went down in
the sparsely populated areas fire
occurred millions all right let's do
this let's do this
finally got armor Jack how's it feel I
mean you feel safer already
I do I feel like everybody's gonna get
warm hugs that's kind of like whichever
one we're facing is probably the way we
should be going
usually
look like much as over there but I guess
that's the point that's a big-ass
annoying laptop all right well my person
staying back snipers gonna stand back
chins on your one sniper doesn't have
squad sight yet so he's gonna have to
move up or he's useless okay
now then guess what you're next
no not not shake that's once one side
that's the leveled up one oh yeah
there's the other one with the hat I was
looking for I was looking for my red hat
headed there now
seeing where everybody's at don't find
em I'm fine with five Japan got slow
going steady oh we get to the tree you
are ready to go zag

[Part VII]
you learn ready to go Zhang step 1 get
on roof step 2 - - -
step 3 world is save someone knows how
it works and I'm really glad alright
that's how it works we are playing on
classic classic difficulty and we're
kicking ass this is Jack's first I
showed up late this is Jack's first time
playing this game like ever he did the
tutorial yesterday and I've been back
seat driving the hell out of him uh-huh
about work we're doing pretty good I'm
learning how many people have we you
know what before I know this will be the
last mission but before we go we will
pay our respects at the fallen soldiers
memorial okay is there really yeah yeah
in the barracks Jesus Christ
we will honor the fallen
not too far up not too far
yeah I usually avoid having people go
further up than my Scout and I know
she's squad sight but you might want to
move her up and do a better position to
shed like all the way up and for that
one Rock probably wouldn't be bad with
the mountain and a little hill ahead of
her
I'm sure okay this triggers everybody
I'm sorry okay over fuck on you on your
pistol so we can overwatch you overwatch
and overwatch all right now we should be
getting into some shit yeah my ears oh
oh all right rich will you guys ever do
anything Mass Effect involved no I never
want to play another game in that
fucking series ever again is dead to me
Oh our nasty position they have Lisa
fuckers yeah
that's alright that's alright what do
you got you can't you can't hit them
with a rocket with her at least that's
the other one okay wondered okay well
let me see if we can get him not with
her but what what does everybody else
have so I'll stop this habit like can
you flank him removing like just back
and to the side
oh he's a sniper so you can't move from
anyway yeah but maybe I can
let's see Shinzon what do you got your
just support so I could you know I might
be able to move shins on somewhere over
here
yeah all right kill the other guy of
course huh I don't know if you could
float you might be able to flank from
there we got a hundred percent shot with
them yeah yeah with her so is that guy's
dead
this is so you don't have to worry about
the one that's exposed oh yeah but I'm
saying Shinzon I think if I if I put
chins on here I can get this is good
we'll see yeah that's worth the shot so
let's slingshot but it might not have a
lunch site because it hills was a
weird-ass Hill providing first things
first let's take out this guy no you can
take him out at any time if things go
horribly wrong you don't want her to die
if you for whatever reason you can't
kill that other guy oh sure yeah okay
alright alright well let's give this a
try that she she is your your star
quarterback and whose honour no no I
what's her name shake ya shake is is
your your Aaron Rodgers and you can't
risk bed injuries your seasonal and
you're making sports analogies I
literally have no idea what you're
talking about
really Wow why don't work ups worse than
someone else
I can always grenade them it would take
two grenades it takes two grenades he's
got four health array it only takes off
three okay you get an upgraded grenade
later but for now you don't have that
you could rock it you got the second
rocket that shredder rocket holy sure
like if nobody else can hit him you can
shred a rocket him oh yeah that's right
it was something else that first
okay okay okay that's fine that's fine
no targets no targets all right can move
you may be into the red zone
but that's fine well are we gonna use a
rocket on him I mean if this guy misses
like that you can move her to her space
that's completely exposed and then you
can block at him and sniper the other
one that's an option not something you
should I'm just he has two rockets yeah
and he can hit him or you can each throw
a grenade they each have grenades right
oh yeah I am and that would be a
guaranteed kill the two grenades thatis
90% of the market with the rocket that
fucking 90% is just gonna well that's
why you can use two grenades yeah and
then he still got two rockets that is
that both your heavy so they both have
you know you have three rockets between
them two grenades here it's it's not the
worst thing
no no okay I need to move
well can you leave the gray if I would
just toss out there if you're gonna no
no there's no no target available well
goodnight girl thing tried ro no phone
there you go
she can't she says no targets cuz she
can't see him alright grenade you can
throw wherever you want
oh okay good okay so now it sank fish
yet
oh all right great all right everyone's
a lot everybody's a lot hurt yeah yeah
no no damage alright and that was that
was a really nasty spot to have those
floaters pop up cuz I totally had the
high ground so that was good good let's
keep moving guys
not super psyched about all this cover I
know what we work with what we got on
the move
all right well maybe five my commander
all right overwatch everyone oh it's the
overwatch it's better than nothing it's
just a problem when you forget you have
the pistol selected I know and then the
next term you shoot somebody with a
pistol instead of your sniper rifle man
coming from over there oh oh choose the
direction so TJ all right oh oh right
there oh well that made it easy
yeah that made it real easy yeah
all right where's our chins on shins on
you're gonna be our man you're up here
we're just hanging up with inside of
that cemani when he turns before that
dies I shall because they might sight
that's bullsháá but he couldn't reach it
next time
yes good okay but also yeah
tation love to get mutation over here
but f uck it went
you up - let's just get everybody next
to each other and hopefully nobody
grenades us
hi looking dangerous absolutely
oh god we've got plenty of over Watchers
I want to tell on to people up there
alright alright see what happens
alright good they paid off
alright now you can quick jump up that
tree out of my way
nobody alerted nobody alerted yep oh man
where am I even going what am I looking
soon scorch marks in the comm yeah
that's where the UFOs skid along the
ground oh that's right I'm looking for
you yeah I forgot you guys got to kill
everybody in the area so you got to go
back and get those fucks eventually over
there where Oh Tom was coming from
that's right she may as well head
towards that other belt
sure hey you said decent cover all right
yeah you're fine there for now you over
this cover me what's over here
nothing great over watch you can stay
you can say I and you stuff some of my
points so move you over here see if we
can trigger anyone oh wait it's gaining
a tree and
it's like a little too far out for my
taste that's fine that's good that's
good yeah I want him I want to go there
Sylvan alright yeah we're gonna on what
coming
we're coming aliens here we go ahead
head towards that and no you'll probably
stumble along now
this is one of the from up make sure
that
Jesus Christ let's get my sniper in a
good position yeah just you totally
gotta move away over at the right time
even - sure behind it something useful I
mean then I hear something
something here's something all right
there's so much shit blocking her view
all right
eyes on everybody let's do this she
can't shoot through a mom huh yeah shoot
you're a mountain why not carry work
I've had no carry upgrade that the prize
was sniper rifles pretty deadly but I
don't think it'll go through a mountain
all right
that's an endgame technology for you
solid copy so a Gabby central wind
jamming central wing damming starfox
such a way I think it's jamming central
wing janitor it's one of the radio
messages you get come on get up there
I can we not get oh we have to like
climb around here
whatever I'm being careful Christ this
is so nerve-wracking it's great yes it
really is I come on up here get your
sweet ass up here
jack is sexually attracted to shake
loose TV it's true you heard of you
first
we've been streaming since which six do
we start yeah I'm Sarah right around six
a little late as usual
but yeah we're we're coming up on six
hours now love some pure treatment yep
which is you know that's a good gaming
session all right here we go fuckin man
cuz they're fin men oh my god oh my god
they're jumping and flipping all around
like crazy Matt didn't end of it all
right let's see you got anything you got
nothing
can you see any of them do they all run
out of cover the rider up LifeSite he
gets it back and all right you can see
the one but if you want to maybe move
shake over or you gonna put her on
overwatch maybe a little run to the
right but she can't see any of them oh
yeah yeah well we gotta move we gotta
move shins on so we can move there's
that tree you're right oh yeah Wow oh
yeah okay I'll take that I'll take that
hey you better cover we need better
cover
I want he's got a full cover it's not
bad no no but I want I want her it
allows you to have that spot I know
don't move his ass
whose ass and a hunker down somewhere
right cuz you can't move but he shoots
anyway alright finally good just like
you know wow yeah yeah I'm just gonna
move back there get him out of my
fucking away I got it you can't see
anybody either what's around here I'm
not gonna - oh my god where'd you go
you lost line of sight versafine you can
set everybody out overwatch yeah yeah
they might run to you oh I'd bring him
yeah coming back out so he's at the edge
at least like not not that exposed but
but like at the edge that Rockies
standing just one over I was sure yeah
she's completely exposed yeah drama I
can't overwatch cuz I moved so move to
the pistol over well to that okay she's
got gunslinger so sheltered decent
damage at least let's see what they do
are they coming in ain't coming in you
have more people here yeah yeah
Banzai come on saying no saying no I was
there
it's probably not gonna stay in the open
so all right I'm sure they tell you oh
it's raining death over here that's very
true
oh Jesus
oh okay Zhang's poisoned that's all
right that's all right it's okay it's
okay
now a medkit will stop poison
oh okay
that's not pretty that's not very good
not the worst not the worst you know
what you could do Jack Jack gave me the
look the what are you doing like a
though yes would you like to would you
like to backseat game or do is Jack
gonna have to figure this out for
himself
oh my god I'm so scared I'm gonna run at
them I'm staying right here on the open
right exactly what I was gonna tell you
great great I was really hoping okay
okay okay all right
all right everybody think Jax is going
to do without my help if if you're if
you're if you're thinking I'm going to
die you're probably correct and I don't
know if they altered it her enemy within
I haven't tested it but I know having a
med kit makes people immune to poison I
don't know if that was ever you know it
seems like a weird thing I don't know if
that was a by design or if that's a
glitch that they fixed how do how do I
deploy a medkit once she like okay you
see that spinning ring around zing
yeah you have to be within there and
then you use it like one of your powers
okay oh that's no good
well I mean he's not gonna die any time
so and he gonna hunker down so I'm
looking for a here's nothing this is not
bad cover over here okay I mean it's not
great cover but it's literally all I
have and then I should be able to met
him up yeah we'll be over to keep notice
no it's not that you okay over here you
could met him up but I mean I would wait
a little bit she might get hit again
sure all right med kits gonna heal I
believe it's for when he's only got one
little blip done if I move if I move her
into the rock move her through the cloud
she will be poised doing a poisoned well
I can't but I just can't believe that my
sniper is out of line of sight not
really obsession because of that
mountainous trainer he's the the thin
man is a little bit to the left and she
can't see because in the moment right
that's it's like if I move her here then
she's a little exposed or is she yes
they get flanked that shit is like yeah
very easily okay ten men also have I
believe the most movement points that if
you call them that and they can move
further than anything else
well then we're just gonna concentrate
on getting our people's a good cover and
and here we go all right coming down
come on down here come on down here get
down there you're gonna come through the
cloud yep okay
that's fine that's fine okay
watch oh no you can get down 200 better
solutions alright then I'll shoot his
ass okay oh oh yeah okay oh no idea of
what you're making these noises oh
that's no yeah no it's fine it's fine
everything's fine I'm fine how are you
everything's okay here are you
okay well I think we're using the medkit
yourself yeah yeah oh my god have
Rockets I do
that's very true and they have high
ground and they have insanely good aim
i fade really to heaven ten men that
there's a the weapon they use is the the
light blaster rifle and that it's not as
strong as the regular plasma rifle but
it does have like I think 20% extra
chance to get it maybe just ten but they
have great aim and for the early game
they do decent damage
there we go I'll pull it up kill the man
till he's dead
until he's dead well we can give him a
shot
nope alright that's fine say doesn't
doesn't X next time just teach you all
about statistics no it just makes me
angry
check those a great response
okay
going on
and go
yeah I know I said statistics I meant
percentages whatever
or exam is right there I thought oh well
you've moved her on the light side
so oh well you know if you know where he
was you can still shoot that area and
he'll still be there
Wow all this move over here and do it no
no I want no because you're in center
well all right come on back well fuck
let's uh hunker you down
that's your health is fine you're fine
everything's fine huh
it's not final you don't think oh my god
no it's none good significant oh my cell
phone I thought yeah yep she got thin
man
no targets available she doing herself
oh you're going to stabilize stabilize
okay
stabilized is only for somebody who's
critically hit sometimes sometimes a
shot that would kill somebody won't kill
them oh they'll fall down on the ground
you remember remember that that first
UFO with the sniper was dying yeah yeah
no med kit you can stabilize them they
won't get back up but they won't die
okay okay will will be fucked afterwards
they get like post-traumatic stress
disorder ha ha but yes thin man is a
Burger King man that's a proper verb you
play Dex calm you know that Jesus Christ
oh my god yeah yeah we're not doing
we're not doing great oh here we go this
is nice
there you go we're not doing great all
right no we got to get over here that's
for the jammas
no let's just wait move everyone first I
don't even know what they were afraid
him just I swear to fucking god what are
they referring to oh fuck who knows I
set them on I think it's one who was
complaining about med kit so I did like
a med kit fetish oh okay well he doesn't
like my med kit philosophy I used the
med kit now we didn't save that sniper
that we would have died trying to save
with a med kit and that we would have
one less grenade to get through that
mission with where we might have used
all of our grenades but no no we
should've brought a med kit
okay all right okay
I understand
headed there down okay
I think it I think it well you know what
what's going on yeah he's hurt something
and we got to reload oh yeah especially
one more to move one more to move all
right
okay we're fine there I'm there I
reloaded her already
and this is like watching the Harlem
Globetrotters and in what way the Harlem
Globetrotters are talented and graceful
that is everything I am NOT oh yeah okay
we need to go do you see any Sun waves
no but this is the general direction of
where it came from so I'm just thinking
it might be up there oh the thing the
MELD yeah it's already lost you can see
up the top corner oh well sure yeah well
that we prized it head that way
oh wait that looks like something maybe
I'll find out
let's not go that far
I think they were referring to you
somehow he's doing fucking amazingly but
just like the Harlem Globetrotters okay
okay this is your first time playing
classic Jack this is great okay this is
fucking great that's great yeah I you
know I'm feeling pretty good about it
I play games sometimes I know what's
going on watching when I play them all
right okay okay great
okay great oh all right there we go
did you hear that it's the first thing I
want to do so
bribe what's going on the people on the
job so lost in your world here over over
here the sound waves are coming to
here's a crashed alien ship so I need to
get over there and this this is a bigger
ship that this is a bigger ship which I
take to me that there are bigger enemies
more enemies there might be bigger I'm
not sure what they brought with them
sure so let's see let's see let's move
on mutation up I take a little bit of a
risk cuz I don't think I'm gonna
activate anything as far as like kinda
I'm gonna leave people a little more
open than it normally would like to okay
but I don't think I'm gonna activate
anything this turn don't think doesn't
mean you won't exactly and I I hear that
I just want to get my people there we go
that's a nice sniper perch perfect
that's exactly what I was hoping for
okay perfect
so now we can have people kind of chill
out for a little bit just make sure
everybody's yeah you're good
all right so we're gonna chill out for
one turn everybody chill chill right the
fuck out
we need your pistol for overwatch and
then we're gonna start moving in okay
all right start moving in as soon as
this next turn goes around all right
alien turn oh all right if they're still
there here we go okay here we go
moving in technically our Jenny responds
to a questionnaire I have not played
this game at all tonight technically in
practice I was kind of driving Jack
Karen there is all Jack it's all Jack
yeah Rick whose riches has been coaching
me house for a while there was a
downright backseat driver well you know
during during portent the death mission
when I lost a lot a lot of people let's
be honest I had to get you out of there
jack you had to pull you away so so I'm
okay with it
oh my god
so I'm okay with it
in general all I could have over watch
this night for that time oh uh oh well
okay so but I've been okay with it these
past couple missions I have been taking
on my own that's all over watch okay
which is why we're gonna be a lot slower
my use I mean kind of bullied my way
into the game I told you what to do all
right
snipers are ready to go let's do this
slowly but surely well here we go I can
see with this oh my god it's gonna look
like that your health huh what happened
there luckily my god like a that's it
yeah it looks like a force field no no
rather they had another oh you're gonna
rock
right oh my god why haven't I met anyone
yet
attention it's like I just wanna it's
like I just wanna fucking enemies oh I
know where the enemies are
they're waiting for me to come to them
by the way I know that on their terms of
their turf
okay well that's okay we got two snipers
we got a nice fan oh man I know I know
he'll that bitch is almost dead oh she's
almost dead because your precious met
kids can only be used once it's like I
have a decent support and we already
cured somebody else I guess everybody
should have a bed kid
sure I'm no grenade absolutely no no
scopes but okay okay going good god man
jack-jack is is he's got his gamer face
on right now he's I can tell he's
awesome he is totally invested into what
is going on and if he wasn't before
today he is right now sold on XCOM
absolutely be my guest
absolutely oh my fuckin Christ
all right well fucking over hot lunch
every Friday he fucks hyperbole is great
all right we just need one of these
fucks to do something all right guys all
right you got to go into the beast Jack
I'm with a beast I'm going you're
leading with your your weakest guy
that's a ballsy move there jack it is
but Halsey move but my other guy has
rockets okay and so that's not that guy
oh she's out okay okay now my other guy
has his two rockets well he still got
both yeah that's good that's good yeah
which is why I just want someone to
fucking come out well don't let him die
no no no no no
fuck
don't don't spread out too much because
when you do run into somebody I know
you're trying to find them but you do
you're not gonna have the strength and
numbers to counter them so don't don't
let your guys get split up too much now
or we're gonna all come converge right
here now okay but good fuck man that's
that's not backseat driving that's just
my general advice I gotta move my
another sniper up a little closer to
there's no good cover that's a big tree
oh yeah that's the victory okay
all right get you behind that tree
hennequin he's gonna die yes yes by the
way absolutely I'm absolutely going to
die every time rich insists Jack not let
someone die that's the death note wait a
day in the roof I get on the roof I
don't think you can but it is
theoretically possible that there's a
floater up there oh oh right oh oh
there's the thing theoretically yeah
don't they typically don't spawn on top
of saucers but I've seen them fly up
there sure game over man game over
all right
and now we're gonna - you as far as
those it reference to the flutters being
on the roof they stole your PlayBook
yeah they know it's up like that I don't
like that I don't like that I don't like
that I don't like that all right
I go into the middle I love this game so
much
I do you - you come come here to the
middle I'm here to the middle fucking
easier - I don't care
fuck yes they're in the saucer Jack I
know I know you're in shut up and I
don't blame you and that's a fine way to
play slow is good I love watching you
freak out here though I love it
great great I'm glad you love it and now
just I just got I got no fucking cover I
don't I know all right all right
everybody everybody hope hope fucking
tight old fucking tight a little bit
closer all right here's the amo all
right see how nervous he is now that he
thinks they're on the roof
think about what that does the aliens
thank you that's fucking right as far as
webinar get the enemy within expansion
uh it doesn't really make a difference I
mean the way enemy within is designed
it's kind of like the FTL advanced
edition that's it's it's still enemy
Unknown they just added shit to it
there's no more enemy types none of
which we've seen yet by the way Jack oh
yeah yeah yeah we haven't seen any of
the new aliens other so there's new
aliens there's some new council mission
type stuff but there's also all of the
old XCOM content in there see miss you
may as well play with him first
hi
I were moving in great society comics
doors and I know that's what I'm
debating the soundwaves I know I'm
debating oh my god ship fucks
fuck you fucks for fucking making this
game this beautiful game this beautiful
fucking game and I know he's not
watching tonight but thank you Jake
Sullivan you hurt for making X comment
via another thank you
once you get the blaster launched here
the game is pretty much over I'm
assuming they're talking about the first
XCOM good lest you launch your isn't
that overpowered in this one and that's
not even when the first X comes over the
first X come that game is over the
second you get psionic powers they've
they've you don't know any of this jack
but you can eventually get mind powers
nice yeah yeah and then the first guy
it's it's nerve to consider playing this
in the first game once you've got it the
game was pretty much over because you
can use your mind powers mind control
one alien and then have that alien walk
around in through him you could like
mind control another alien nice then you
could have like a chain of mind control
going throughout the whole fucking map
and then then you just have the aliens
kill themselves space you have them you
have them all throw their weapons onto
the ground walk over to you and then you
can just shoot them one by one so my
mind control has been nerfed
considerably as it should be it sounds
like oh yeah yeah
see the difficulty I go through that
door
why not because it looks solid oh god
it's like the doors in the front of the
saucers okay were you you oh you never
got used one though
yeah they tap open like normal doors
okay or you can or you could run through
them but check
I understand I would I would take all
your guys and pick a side yeah I'm gonna
I'm going here and it doesn't look like
anything's gonna happen so I think I
think I got my game plan Jimmy jammed
here we go here's a nice line of sight
there we go I shouldn't be able to see
some shit now I am NOT disappointed that
they nerfed mine control it did it did
kind of make the first one too easy the
thing the thing with XCOM no in general
and it's true of this one too
the difficulty curve actually goes down
by design because you keep getting
better equipment better shit better
soldiers eventually I get fucking mind
powers and at some point the game
becomes really easy but that's that's
kind of the point though because the
whole theme is taking their shit and
using it becoming more powerful it's
it's it's it's satisfying when the
aliens that were beating your ass and
and the tables are just completely
turned at some point it's like when when
you get to the point where you're
slaughtering than men you get a council
meeting and you got you got a good group
of guys and you're just tearing through
them that that feels really good
that's I think that's the point of any
good game right is is empowerment and
yeah yeah and learning through your yeah
okay had this is good you're just gonna
hang there
okay all right next turn
we're bustin through busting through the
door everybody get ready in response to
a question I don't think within is that
much more difficult there's there's a
great mission they add it in the middle
of the game it's really difficult but
man is it fun and I'm not gonna spoil
that the new enemy types they added I
mean the the cloaking tentacle monsters
are kind of a joke once you know how to
deal with them and and for as hard as
they might be that the mech toys are
just fun as hell the fight we're
probably not gonna see a mech toy
tonight should I tell you what a mech
toy does a mech toy yeah that sounds
made up
all right you know the little sectoid
yeah with those little tiny aliens
you'll get some that are in my robotic
bodies they're a big giant fucking vets
mech suit nice so this little cute
little gray guys but he's got like a
just a giant fucking robot built around
him and they call that a mech toy is
most of the sec toys yeah oh yeah
I like it
yes you get harder opposition and
eventually much stronger people be the
endgame it's actually really easy I I'm
actually the thing I hate about this
game I won't spoil what happens in it
but they really needed to beef up the
amount of enemies in the last mission
the end the end game was just kind of a
joke and it's that's sad I think this
could be a check like for anyone who
doesn't play this game and has just seen
me slowly crawl my way with no fucking
enemies for the past what seems like
eight hours it's like an alien and like
like an alien's movie yeah you know you
know that they're they're fucking in
there and there's some where and
stalking you yeah yeah oh great great
alright everyone else hang we're gonna
open this door next round you're gonna
go crazy now aren't you you're gonna go
medieval on some aliens I got my snipers
already we got some bitches ready fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck
time to go Jack I know I'm to go alright
there we go there we go you're building
it up too much do we go oh never
disappointed that's it
okay okay all right all right I hope
he's got friends around the corner
that's just kind of like okay
trader rocket does for damaging cause it
started to take increased damage from
all sources not necessarily using this
yet but nice to know I have it this guy
this guy is just here are you doing
shins on
oh oh there's yeah there's more room
still I can't waste my rocket yet okay
let's start be fairly easy to flank any
would be it certainly would be my Jack I
know you're all about flank I love the
flank
that's what I'm just so I'm just looking
for the right you know like guys that's
good that's fine that's it take your
time and enjoy the game I you know what
I'm going Goods that when I get you
around here we kind of can
well we review XCOM at any point bombing
there's no kind of giving it a glowing
recommendation right now yeah it's
fucking awesome that's the Revere does
I don't know every what francium and
shoot him in the face
what if I told you I don't know what I'm
doing most of the time not this all
right though no not chin son all right
who's this guy mutation you can do it
here we go here we go
no pay come back here yeah all right
83% you can flank him with somebody else
just remember she's the one bad aim
yeah point-blank fucking hit chances 83
hey that was it that was it I know I
know that was it I'm sorry oh no it's
okay I'm glad you didn't tell me I
wasn't sure okay when you're when you
shoot it you up bowed down yeah somebody
able to die in the crash Oh
unless aliens on a ship you shoot down
the one that just lands that just lands
okay okay do you think you will play
this more on your own um probably
probably I don't know you know uh all
right
see her aim is okay now her yeah her aim
is shit to begin with it is I just go
home target you got an extra shot to
miss with with with bullets warm so I
you know how much targeting you yeah
because if she misses then at least
somebody else will have a better shot
clam I think I think that's a good use
for a heavy with shitty aim okay yeah
that in fact that last mission right
there convinced me a lot about this game
just how real it was uh huh you know but
now I can definitely see myself like
getting overconfident and having that
like having that armor and and yeah
knowing a little bit more of some of
their tactics and then maybe like next
time Oh like I'll just sweep everyone
and then the time after that I will get
my ass handed to me you you haven't seen
half the shit exactly exactly
you haven't seen a cyber dis you're
gonna fucking sector pod
you remember 80209 imagine an 80209 was
competent and had missile launchers all
over the place
all right guys here it is oh yeah here's
the memorial the memorial wall oh look
at that sir gimpy ten kills five
missions Master Kenobi nine kills five
missions black my aqueon us Jon kilo
Kaos Lee and slugs boy and hormon who
was no one I think I just free forgot to
reapportion possession
oh yes Harmon you all fought so
valiantly most of you died in operation
morbid stranger ah and your death will
not be in vain I'm somebody will
continue this very same game at some
point yeah on your own or whatever I
think so I think you know I will until
until I die right yeah that's the hook
cuz it's Iron Man mm-hmm oh no that was
for a real time strategy game
that was so intense and this like all
this does is convinced me that the
Banner Saga is terrible yes because you
play a lot more realtime strategy
tonight well turn come is turn-based
turn-based I can't find any certainly
not any there are as good as this Hey
but but you know just how much I was
into this combat and how little I was
into that yes and under very similar
situations when we're playing with each
other and in this case we have a lot
more people watching us but you know
like it's a situation that's not
necessarily conducive to this type of
game but still I'm crazy and XCOM yeah
good good just because the combat is so
good and and yeah yeah that's is the
world is very nice it's it's it's all
the tactics and the movement and and the
flaking and the do you want to use a
grenade you want to try and take the
shot you got so many options on what you
can
yeah I suppose the banner saga where
your only options were really to run up
to them and and hit them with the shield
or hit them with them whatever yes yeah
yeah all right I know you guys want an
encore but Jax Jax got a little fat I
hope and I'm an old man we have seven
hours stream today oh it's been fun
everybody I had fun thank you very much
for showing up oh yeah here we're gonna
get out of here we'll see if we can find
a a little outro song okay let me get
outta let me get out of XCOM for a
second how do we get out ex I'm like
through this there you go
save and exit fireman so you gotta save
an exit
okay this exit no no no you did it rich
it was Jack doing it rich rich got me
through yeah I stopped steering Jack a
few missions ago rich rich got me
through the first hump yeah and and that
that helped a great deal I think I I
think I started at an advantage
I started to add an advantage because I
had rich coaching me absolutely but I'll
give no fucks oh I got some ex-cop cards
you guys can't see that but I got some
ex-cop cards two of the same one which
is kind of sad yeah you know I trade
I'll trade with someone he would be fine
all right let's see if we can find let's
see if we can find a sign is there a
streaming schedule well we try to stream
every Wednesday man yo due to
circumstances we probably won't be able
to do every single Wednesday but we try
to have a group stream on Wednesday and
then Jack usually does a solo stream on
Sunday night that's right
Sunday night
that is right
I said on Sunday night Jack can go on
top of as many roofs as he would like ha
ha ha it's true
okay it says yeah yeah Sunday Sunday is
a much more low-key stream I just dream
whatever I feel like and and yeah
Wednesday we try to it's weird Wednesday
we try to get a group together and I
think next week Wednesday we're going to
try to do a multiplayer game this was a
this is a pretty heavy game I said after
we after we do DuckTales 4j uh after we
do DuckTales per day of course okay if
we have duct tape well DuckTales is a
lighter game yeah so next week will be a
lighter game
yeah I'm looking for tea table but I
can't find it
you're searching for tea - I'll search
for lady team - lady Tito that's right
lady
t-tom and you might be smelling Todd
different way than she does I don't know
because yeah you guys keep here it is
you guys keep linking me to the YouTube
video but there there is something
better than the YouTube video there is
the weird live one that's weird
yeah the live ones rated T that's how
you spell cat lady
oh no eh Utah yes
oh here it is here it is oh my god you
guys I found it I found the real song I
have to hear the YouTube one I shirts
different it's different it's a little
different
alright let's make sure this isn't crazy
loud
all right let's see if you guys gonna
hear this
if the
Glenn goes crazy for a second on Spotify
yeah fun yes I am singing this yeah the
YouTube video has like other instruments
and crowds are weird it's different not
this
yeah the lady kiha this is a good scream
I've I need stir this is real game next
week will be lighter and more fart
around I think seven we try fighting
again ask that one of us knows very long
yes see ya this is rich registering
accesses that's anis I give this dream a
ten out of that bomb thank you thank you
bye bye yak
they'll cut this off with our kind of
video all broadcast
I don't cut anything past broadcasts at
all like the highlight videos I just try
to stick with and they'll be out there's
two there's two sections of the twist
very previously our past recorded and
highlights if you go to the past report
and it's just a full unedited stream and
the highlight video I just try to cut
the game I try to cut all the street
yeah you get you can go to the some of
the highlights where it's just like you
know like just Jay playing Binding of
Isaac or just crazy taxi one out of ten
what what is that service Adan occurs
hearing the cat lady peace out for the
first time greatest thing in the world
you miss dartle
we just told you there's an art come on
you can watch it
you can watch the archive
and congratulations Tito the cat lady
that little hit came from curse of the
wolf it plays during the lesbian romance
scene which is not a joke
crazy it plays during these sincere
lesbian romance scene of curse and
curses the whole go
god bless link Emma's in scape if you go
to Victoria Gilinsky dot-com you can
hear that version Victoria as you would
expect Victoria to be spelled and
Galinski is gee al i n sk y dot-com go
to her music and you can listen to the
song I don't we always thought lady teat
ah it's Tita the cat lady and T ties te
e tah one word and the cat lady and you
are welcome play that for your friends
being the coolest kid in town alright
but thanks for coming out everybody yeah
it's been fun
have a nice night
