Jul 9, 2014
Katamari Damacy, Mister Mosquito, Shadow Over Rome, Dynasty Warriors 3, Gungrave
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/48393029
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/48393114
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/48393201
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/48392916
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/48393101
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jh140XkYVKY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFN23jNaUcY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDLWT9kA-78
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jwKxvrBrPc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VM0LMf-QSOg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/486946595112374273
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/487010177887911936

[Part I]
and neglecting my love for weird garage
scream rock we can listen to that next
Vanessa Carlton's over
listen they notes okay alright we're
gonna oh my god
you have to fill
I find while I find some garage a scream
rock here we go
here's some variety screamer support for
your uses this is
it's called they're called call me
Lightning hopefully you can hear it I
can't la
mr. Flannagan
once you figure out the hole this isn't
gonna be the big test is once we start
playing the game
let's go happen
a bunch of
in 36 I
I steal they said if you've done
guitar the cabin
we're gonna get
guess we all really
there you go
I woke up
oh seventh on a good bird
give me over my video that was funny
yeah
you're talking to me
oh that's not true this isn't anything
like Mumford & Sons you guys are liars
that's scary in a play the song is
almost done and if to say if we if the
music isn't playing while we're playing
Vanessa Carlton on a loop
that's how it's gonna work okay so let's
see if the game music works the game is
against hearing something
right junk exercising is a good thing
Oh
yes yeah music can't work so it was it
was whatever I got this thing for open
broadcaster this is for anyone for the
12 people that came out Sunday we're
disappointed by no game I got this
plugin for open broadcaster which is
supposed to give me a bunch of fun tools
like playing noises when people
subscribe all that fun stuff it because
of that plugging now we're gonna gain
music
yeah everything say okay thumbs up okay
great
too loud you can't hear you I'm sorry
we're working on it we're getting our
audio levels no if you subscribe it
won't make a noise now because I had to
disable that plug-in if you subscribe
I'll see it and we'll say yay thanks for
subscribing and you'll get to use our
emoticons and you'll get a pizza roll
okay music is not down me music is now
down Oh fuck's seventh on I did get
dynasty warriors and a second controller
so we will be blind dynasty warriors
three later I found it at the local used
the local used video game store for two
dollars amazing chef is pizza beer and a
beer okay yes he's been playing all
afternoon because she didn't want to be
bad but spoilers
there are cutscenes in Katamari but I
think we'll watch it just because
there's so much fun - you wanna go for
it you undo it facecam is never gonna
happen you know how much shit goes wrong
without face cam
for example
right now the controller's not working
yes I'm not ready but not ready what to
do everything was working fine until you
got here
a scam is not gonna happen
hey now hey now steel that's not gonna
happen
rich and junior here they're getting
some work done they're gonna be in in
just a couple minutes here we go
yes
it's awareness oh I do my job
I remember I remember getting this game
I think this was my first foray
I don't even know this is tend to call
them
this was the first time I got a game
that wasn't like a major game where I
felt wasn't a major game and it's just
the last game
there's so different but this is this is
the most Japanese game ever created
which is great and here Jack over again
it's it's squared ish squared ish away
yeah well just do that yeah we're here
okay the microphone is now dangerously
close to my face so you can hear me talk
you should be able to hear Jessi just
fine and the game music will go down a
little bit
how's that how's that everybody now we
can be quiet cool intimate we'll talk
about the good times I haven't signed
any space got posters reason oh how I
can't there's a stream I got actually
Jessi just told me am I am I gonna go
sign one right now
okay whoever has just asked for us to
sign a Space Cop poster Jessi had forgot
to tell me earlier and she's telling me
to do it right now it just so I'm gonna
be right back
okay there so you just you just heard it
live whoever just requested the signed
space got poster I just signed it that's
it
let's see here what oh no Oh game audio
up what well yeah she did she could have
told me earlier though
that's true yeah Jack can't sing I
cannot carry a tune to save my life that
is that is very much the truth
I have tried singing in the past and it
does not work okay
so now we're gonna start you start
playing I'm gonna just watch and enjoy
I'm just going to yeah no that's totally
gonna happen too because then you guys
are gonna be like it needs to be lower
it needs to be louder audio is fine yeah
I'm no longer messing with the audio
that is just what is happening Grif oh I
don't know what that is but I don't like
it stop doing stuff like that thank you
this I don't know what that is I think
if if my screen was a different size it
might say something but I can't read
what it says so stop doing stuff like
that but Jack sounded great in the
Western or musical yeah I can do like a
funny I can do like a funny singing but
I can't carry a tune like if you asked
me to sing a certain note I can't do
that oh you have to redo all the
practice oh man okay good
never stop rolling eats a rolls already
knows do it oh my god oh yeah then well
the king of all cosmos talks a lot by
the way I cannot do a fuck bot
impression oh no I just do the
motherfucking voice I don't do an
impression is that a real question
animal Primus how did I lose weight I
went on a diet I went on a diet and
exercise regularly it was a it was a
pretty strict diet and I lost about 60
pounds and so that's why in the first
couple of best of the worst videos it
kind of looks like I'm swimming in my
shirts because I didn't buy new shirts
but I lost a lot of weight and so far
have kept it off gained a little over
the holidays because you know what it
happens it happens
get there I'm flipping it around yeah I
think you're absolutely right I would
have lost more weight if I would have
just removed my skeleton no no I don't
think I will ever grow my beard back I
think especially with how bald I am I
think it looks better just kind of all
shaved when I get lazy I don't shave but
it'll it would look extra weird if I had
a giant beard and shaved my head you
know maybe just grow a little bit of a
beer yeah keep it like trimmed up things
like a Van Dyke oh yeah you know like
Chi now you have maybe just a tad bit
longer sure and how you there right now
sure maybe that sounds like a lot of
work yeah
how's everybody was that okay did you do
it
dead oh that was here oh it's just it
just does
you'd I mean wow Ju mostly I love that
part I can't grow a beard yeah oh yeah
it's a whole thing now it's happening
it's real yeah Heisenberg might look
good I don't know Eretz were fighting
we're playing it we're streaming hey hi
hello yes sir yeah I just - yes yes
drags I transfer all of my beard powers
to you they want me to grow my beard
back hi Jay I would love your beard if you
have no idea how jealous of your beard I
am Jay has the manliest beard in all of
history and I think everyone can agree
with that I don't know if Josh's counts
just because his is so massive it's
almost cheating you know it's not like a
real beard H did you see our new
emoticons oh it's your face it's your
face from the patreon banner Oh No yeah
I mean we'll write anything you wanna
stir well almost within reason
Thanks I will hijack Dec will write
anything you want on your poster that is
a guarantee will you draw a dick well I
draw a dick if you
if you ask for a dick drot night I will
draw my friend dick paws for pushing
couch forward
oh we're watch she's bomb okay all right
farts yeah I'm just trying to read what
people are saying and that's okay I'm
taking care of reading you and Jessi
take care of the game yeah we're gonna
move the microphone you take care of the
voice I could encourage yeah I mean you
know what I will play this one you can
win the next one
oh okay okay for more fun if we could
hurry whatever is there two-player mode
on this for the first game I don't
believe it was it there is for the
second guys for a second there might be
for the first
oh sorry chippy you bring that second
controller I did what happens
oh I will totally draw Frank Stallone on
your space cat poster if you want me to
okay someone asked I would drive Frank
song the answer is absolutely Frank
Stallone is awesome and everything he
does
I you know what I'm doing it it would be
helpful as people
I'm the same but how about you roll that
ball over there and pick up that stock
I'm trying are you is this all just yeah
I'm prone to pick up stuff I'm not too
concerned with really just take my time
and I wish oh you know what we probably
can't draw Roberts of dollars King this
base coat is there's not enough room
it's weird he's you know if you're
looking like a plant at the background
you just run like a little agree but
it's not even large it doesn't even look
human
that's the problem is his entire face
does not look human
so Jessi what's your camera or any feta
cheese roll things oh that's what my
goal here you're out of here King see
this is the one part that just drives me
nuts with the King pops up no I love him
but he yeah you know he's overbearing
yes overprotective absolutes
this is more fun with other people
I was playing by myself and no I was
liking it
oh sure you know what and for anyone who
doesn't I see a couple people with
questions about the game for anyone who
doesn't know what this game is you're
watching it the king of all cosmos got
drunk and destroyed all the stars and so
it's your job to roll up all the stuff
on earth to make new stars just try to
make the biggest Katamari ball that he
can and you do that by picking up
incremental a larger item so you see
right now like this is finally able to
pick up those boxes and soon she'll be
able to pick up bigger and bigger things
and Erica Mari
and that's the game very tense
I already made my bridge is it better
than you need to work on that cuz we're
doing everything wrong I mean I was
learning yeah you played anymore no I
just had a carrot downtown I haven't had
a chance I haven't had a chance if I'm
busy that's game I'm ever made I'm
really looking forward to playing it
more I really am well we had you know it
was a big shoot saying that all editing
again you know what I have to get the
next Pre Rec that's I've just started
listening to the game listening to us
talk about a game we talked about a
month ago fighting first place editing
editing which game return but already
now want to let people probably know but
just in case they don't it's not topical
way no no the other one
everyone's oh oh oh yeah yeah that one's
done and waiting to be posted the other
one which we talked about at some point
believe it it will leave it up to peep
is it because it took us like three days
to play all the games and rich is gonna
play this next one because I share I
didn't know homie mind you click them
down click them down when you want to
change your position I'm like oh ok ok
what people read this or we just
skipping through the dust nobody cares
about
oh yeah difficut sans if if those
cutscene yeah skip it all over cutscenes
it was actually offending Houston
offended I was just wanted to play the
game it's then the next titanfall
episode is done we've talked about that
it's done
DUP bloated we're just we're just you
know we're doing we're teasing y'all
we're just waiting gonna come up in
early episode after that one is all shot
in turn the vibration Oh rich oh they're
saying you should hunker down did you
see that is you see the your face on the
background agreement peckerwood Green
Bay fans such assholes okay thank you to
everyone who puts Rich's face on a Green
Bay Packer player you shouldn't be mad
at Green Bay Packer fans you should be
that Mike I mean I I know I'm living in
Wisconsin I've been nothing but
respectful I know I own Green Green Bay
steam here we go no no that's fine
that's fine I quietly my own team and I
don't give anybody shit and then that
happens it's really just kind of loose
kind of it's really funny I was just
rude and hate speech it was I want you
know rich is actually suing us over this
no absolutely
I can't really I'm really sorry
I told him to press the joysticks
together to turn he knows well yeah I
mean he knows he just chooses to not
listen why want you to do that because
it's more clutter it's faster and it's
fun it's a switch down because your time
you only have five minutes left
oh and did you tell how to rev up
hey great job great job
well if you're big enough then you can
rich what team do you root for in all
sports in general like name all the
sports teams that you enjoy uh
strawberries for white sox I enjoy I'm
from Chicago Bull listen the minor
league independent Thunderbolts Oh rich
you can you can like any sport you want
cuz I don't pay attention to any sport
and so it's like any sport you want to
watch you go right ahead
you enjoy that the music in this game is
just amazing
get the soundtrack I don't think I I
don't even know if you can buy this
sound drag fun you can find it I mean
just make sure not to you can get a
series
is Jack or wizard taller this has been
bothering me for a long before too long
they're the same height
you should down there they're exactly
the same height down to the last week
we're all the same place where all the
exact same height and also you should
worry about different things and there
there are much more important things to
be worried about now I'm taller than
Josh oh yeah and get outside if you can
oh come on our digimon pokemon all the
way who plays digimon get out of here
the correct answers thank you rich be
quiet we did not pick up any skeletons
hey trust Jen thank you for subscribing
you have a pizza roll by your name now
we appreciate that I'm convinced Jack
and dunk if I ever played a sport I
might be able to dunk I'm kind of tall
not very tall but I'm kind of just push
push oh no a steady push nothing off
oh yeah oh yeah
if Jessi was a Pokemon would you ever
use her in a fight yes she would be my
main all the time she could kick some
ass he oh oh oh I'm gonna no I don't
want to compete against you it's this
we're on the same team
what two subscribers get that we don't
you get a pizza roll next to your name
and you get to use our special rlm
previously recorded live emoticons which
is the the Showbiz Pizza bear a opening
can of beer the words hack fraud in
bright green and rich Evans lovely face
oh I just we just got we just got more
subscribers so I got to make a couple
more emoticons and if we get I think if
we get like three more subscribers I can
make two more motive cons I don't know
yet you have to tease them oh they're
gonna be something really cool help me
up there they are you see all the all
the emoticons that you can use and I
don't know that much about twitch can
you guys use these emoticons in other
people's streams
does that would be really funny if the
Showbiz Pizza bear showing up in other
people's dream
yeah oh that's right and and when we
play XCOM you get characters named after
you that I kill fuck that four thousand
I don't know what's your what's your
casualty was it like ten yeah no fun
let's step back no I only I want to say
that for me cuz you're really good at
the game I think I only lost five or six
oh maybe it's smiling Jesus emoticon I
don't know if I can use that one I tried
which one did I try it what's it what's
his name Rick McCallum Rick McCullen I
tried to Rick McCallum face and it got
rejected because it's a celebrity's face
so I don't know if I could do that
because Jesus my count as a celebrity
face offensively portrayed religious
figure that's a good idea
you know what maybe the next emoticon
will be a fuck bottom oh no that's a
good idea okay yeah it looks like you
can use people's emoticons in anything
is nice that's a cool feature thank you
take the birthday boy I'm glad you
fought valiantly for me an ex-con oh my
god
cork 9:04 and melon method M is just
subscribe thank you I couldn't read his
name please say those are a lot of
movies it was going by too fast
oh yeah we should get a Frank Stallone
probably for being too awesome yeah you
know it's true
I will ask Jay what he thinks about
movies after he's done getting some work
done Jay doesn't watch movies spoilers
he doesn't find them entertaining Oh
Mitt Romney I'm sorry in this deer the
the Mitt Romney's 69 which is a very
funny username um thank you for
subscribing as well I I try to catch him
up the chat goes by really fast which is
why I wanted to download this very
special program that would have played a
little ding sound every time you
subscribe it would have been really nice
but then they couldn't hear the game
audio there were so many things there
are so many dings from all of our tens
of subscribers yes push commander for 20
I will ask Jay about that when he's done
working I will remember
right Jay is getting some work I did
play guacamelee and I really enjoyed
guacamelee rich did you have it around
you do if somebody doesn't ice left you
oh it's really well camellia is a really
fun game
it's a platformer brawler and it's it's
it's really so it's like shaking yeah
yeah it's a lot like shake and you get
to use your your combat moves both to
reach higher platforms or for combats in
it as a really neat a combo system yeah
guacamelee is super fun
highly recommended I got it for that was
one of the very first games I got for my
Vita and being able to play a game like
that on my beat it was awesome Birds Oh
impaired pacing impaired casing thank
you for subscribing I can read to want
this like I'm gonna take you sometime
rich rich rich oh oh if that's true if
guacamole is free for Xbox one and you
guys are Xbox subscribers get it and
play it and real and enjoy it
escort nano for work equals videos
Renko 77 thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
oh you know what yes that's right I do
get to play a little bit of puzzle agent
puzzle you know do you ever play
professor layton nope or just any of
those kind of like it's basically just a
series of logic puzzles with a loose
story wrapped around it
oh I really enjoy this kind of game I've
never even seen one yeah oh yeah no
they're super fun they're you know it's
like if you if you like if you like
logic puzzles you know it's like one of
those words like I kind of think of one
from puzzling again very it's like you
Amy beats Rhonda someone beat someone
taller and someone else beats someone
shorter and Rhonda is taller than Amy
and bigger everyone I don't stuff like
that that's a really terrible face
family met yeah it's a little man I'm
fine with Matt I appreciate but it's
cute it's it's really cute
I was ill a gym professor late in games
like that I did I got to play about 20
minutes worth of puzzle agent that might
have been this afternoon yeah yeah
guacamelee did have a lot of like meme
stuff but it was fun it's fine I'm not
going to ask rich about Mass Effect
I'm sure hated the third one there you
go
yeah ruin the series for me all right
we're done ruin the series yeah like if
they sent me a copy of the Wonder Woman
unknown for free yeah I would put it on
a paper shredder but really yeah I have
no interest in what they're doing with
series that's that's very surprising oh
by the way I am writing for whoever
recommended abyss Odyssey I'm writing
that down
when is the space count video game
coming out but when someone makes it is
the answer for that who's working on
that yeah yeah they're gonna they're
gonna charge by the minute
that's play the game okay buy the full
price game first and that's that's $50
to sprout a one-year subscription to be
able to play the game you bought jerk
sure not guaranteed to last the whole
year
it's not far food names Odyssey no Abe's
Oddysee is a different game and I enjoy
those games did you ever play any of the
odd world games I'm interested oh I
liked them there they're very there
they're very kind of like
point-and-click adventure II yeah
possibly
I know but it's it's more of a thing
where and I don't know which one I'm
thinking of not Abe's Oddysee the Abe's
Oddysee where it's like it's all kind of
like imagine a stealth game with a
point-and-click adventure mechanic so
you have that you have to get all of
your friends out of this area
and you have to get around guards but
you can only move them like in big blue
or one at a time it's need they're
really neat games
I remember way back in fish straight up
plastic right on the 2d version the 2d
version is the one I'm thinking picture
really it looks like a platform ah look
into it get into it rainbow oh yeah I
have not I don't know I've I only my
only time ever playing any of the
LucasArts point click adventure was
maniac mansion for the NES and I hated
it
why you hated oh yes because moving the
mouse on the NES was it was a pain in
the blusher I'm sure it would be really
fine on a computer
oh no wait I did play the a tentacle
nice nice
whatever ain't no nice halo what you
what let you feel thanks for subscribing
what do I think of lars von trier that
sounds like a funny name no yes alright
that's a tough one and only it's ten
minutes oh my god well I'm sure I'm not
open to children
see ya oh it's there oh yes we are gonna
have Jay play one chance he wants to play
that game alright if we do we not gonna
run by last night
but the deal what happened I was too
busy one of duck tails yeah Jay kicked ass
at duck tails I just couldn't get into
the nes version of maniac mansion it was
really weird for me re I'm sure spike
said no spikes are not bad in this it
doesn't matter if you it spikes
go back up to free water they're dead
there's a lot there's a lot of stuff up
there slow-mo types are guys chat was
going by just a little too fast and I'm
trying to read what y'all is saying I
did a solo tf2 stream awhile back I'll
do another one that was a lot of fun as
well that was a lot of fun because we
all got to we all got to play together
and that was that was a really fun time
so yes I will do another tf2 sorry
but steel that's one of my favorite
questions is do you guys all work at our
LM full-time everyone works at our LM
full time except for me I'm not allowed
I'm not allowed here honestly I'm just
I'm just kind of bigger than everyone
else and so they are all the same same
height we're all the same height those
books geeks only when there are more
than four of you watching movies for
Best adores how do you decide who gets
to be in the discussion table you take
turns
yeah it's like a no one so does depend a
lot of them lately yeah really easy
access oh yeah or if you if you have a
lot to say you know yeah yeah
and I'm in nearly all of them to do you
are in a lot of that's okay there will
never be a webcam there will never be a
facecam here of course you can join me
in - yep - I like playing with other
people
I don't get a chance to play too often
just because I'm working on some stuff
right now
I don't get to play too many games
except for when we come here and do the
stream it's our excuse to play games
five God's name did you guys move a walk
in her but that's a good question
feel like the only people that asked
that it a really nice thing I think it's
a great city I think it's a great setup
for that bear I think it's a perfect
size spare Dania why I know
well they push you and then back all
your shit off
yeah I get that water knowing oh we hit
it you may not be able to get it Steve
you can get some cucumbers you know
there should be a couple tf2 videos in
our past broadcasts one of them is
probably longer than 2 minutes what
I'm not big enough to do anything I'm
just asking if that was the illegitimate
version you're never going to finish are
you yeah I have a bunch of vintage this
is some tf2 talk sorry for anyone who
doesn't fight it - I have some vintage
items I have a painted Bill's hat maybe
earbuds which are very nice but I don't
care too much about that kind of stuff I
just like getting all the weapon in this
but I do like my my painted Bill's hat
and my earbuds but I only have your
books cuz I have a Mac I got them good
gee rich breakdancing with Mike that
already happened
okay rich in XCOM when the MEC robot
turns that that look like e ed-209 any
tips for facing them you know what
disabling shot from the sniper iterated
skill goes and basically take them on
for one term
bad and these are your best friends they
they do a little bit of extra damage on
those V if you have heat ammo heavy
these Rockets especially over the
shredder rackets that make everyone else
do extra damage on a sec go bud so yeah
there's some quick advice that sounds
like really good advice I know I don't
know what any of it means but it sounds
like really good advice
that's someone asked what my favorite
project that I've worked with are LM so
far
I enjoy best to the horse I think that's
a lot of fun is it mostly I enjoy but
best divorce because I don't have to
edit it and so I just I get to watch the
movies make the jokes and then magically
magically someone else puts it together
and makes it funny but that's why it's
my favorite I really like previously
recorded and I really like talking about
video games hold on I have to edit that
so it becomes less fun that's our system
that's the worse is great it's some of
the most fun I see what's your favorite
thing in general yeah this like Katamari
this is my favorite
or something I'm not big enough to even
get out of here come on man yeah working
on it you have two minutes I gonna let
rich I believe in you I take back all
the sass I believe
yeah I've seen Planet Terror are you
talking about they talking about the
rubber Rodriguez movie planetary I
thought it was klonda I enjoyed the
theatrical cut of death freak better if
you can find the theatrical cut of death
group I really enjoyed that and I
actually really disliked the director's
cut of the DVD cut so much garbage but I
saw I saw them both in the theater has
the double feature
doot-doot-doot yes
yes he really is the next click
interview is actually it's coming out
tomorrow it's coming out tomorrow and
it's going to be what do you want to say
it is now sure
oh no it's actually you know what it's
it's the fourth Pirates of the Caribbean
movie does that totally ruined the scene
here you go oh wow it's Dec would you
like to try oh yeah sure no you have to
try to beat this sure you guys should
have been raising the gym okay all right
how many control now did you lose but
must academ are yeah well she can't
worry how'd you do an ex-cop you know -
Shay hey raise your calamari and go to
earth welcome to her was everyone just
yeah start for think it's on the bottom
somebody poured out the salt courage oh
you know what I think that's coming back
don't you remember had in the 90s people
would call each other so oh you don't
I remember that yeah people would call
each other salty they were like when
they felt like they felt done with us oh
you worse and I think it's making a
comeback
no no why do thing I don't recall this
ever might be reading I don't know
ending things to earth it does sound
like arc mothersbaugh the guy who does
all the amazing sounds wrong
he did not do this not exactly I'm Mike
mother's well can I give you a bill over
you see all those guys just standing
just wait for him let up I like doing
all right this problem I mean I think
Adam Ari is the giant ball did I find
the path and quick turn oh I can pick up
the broccoli Oh parsley I got parsley
yeah
there we go yeah oh no ice
you're mine now mice haha lipstick you
are mine now your shade you look good on
me yo VIP let's kick it
some reason you decided to keep that
word let it die I'm sorry what that's
too hard for my dark tour
Victor oh god I got a basket chasing me
I got a basket chasing me we're getting
here can't get the gun you get the gun
balls gonna get you Birds
okay okay okay back in there oh yeah
books will eat all the books containing
more flooding us well I'm working I'm
worse than you when you go gay there's a
concentrate okay I have some more hours
in don't even know music it's true I
play I just played this game once why
swim that made me an ass also maybe you
would have I like this game so much
because it's adorable
that's cute and it's fun and it's it
Dean
you're not in doing it it's right my
copy of the game I tried once I couldn't
get into it it's in your country the
game yeah for you for a little bit once
again it gets old really quick yeah but
then it's like yeah I does did you play
it when it came out or yeah oh no this
is so this was so weird I just don't
have the receipt in the box where did
suggest was 2003 2005 Peabody
yeah guns and guns yeah get those
fighters fighters
folders are jumbo man action figures yes
yes things are mine now Oh pigs
I'm gonna get those pigs toilet paper
well go okay at this point you should be
at 50 at this point you're halfway
through yeah and you're not you're not
there whole look at me hope you get it
it's exponential growth I mean it's true
sure I'm unreliable
hey get other things rich all these
things you know what I'm doing I'm a
fucking kid oh oh one person believes in
you
hey thank you one person person's gonna
win what do they get they're gonna win
is what they get they get winning I look
at when I need to get to one meter ball
needs to be one meter I'm gonna get to a
certain size okay so you see I have four
minutes on the upper right hand upper
left hand corner is how big my ball is
needs okay you know what I might believe
in you hey Jessi my partial hey I wish
that okay you might make it to her a
little bit but you're not gonna make it
bigger - like really impressive so we'll
see
I just got cans I'm not worried about
the king of all cosmos as much as I am
getting the people of Earth you spread
people
oh you know what yeah I got three
minutes this is true okay I take it back
everybody
you can meet my friend again let's do
the friends ah one meter oh wow
make it bigger let's go I got three
whole minutes oh I'm fucking shit oh
look I'm totally gonna hit this guy he's
running away when they run away that
usually it's some lady where did you go
am i moving a little sorry
anything that's sure people are just a
satisfaction oh this actually yeah well
and then they the big yeah before those
charming you a star I guess they're
worth huh well I'm totally gonna get
that lady oh yeah I got me yeah that's
like the daughter so I'm killing their
child Hey killing children well yeah
that's the game people need stars more
than they need children you know what
Jack you did a great Thank You Jessi
you're awesome
okay Jay nowadays dollars worth what do
you think about the movie bottle I'm not
totally done is it okay I wanna ask that
LICO
not my favorite Wes Anderson the least
favorite was in it's a good answer it
did it did a lot to show what he was
capable it was it was one Wes Anderson
was still kind of grounded in the more
reality to them we got more gold and
fancy yeah but you can see
I got long brush yeah that's what to
describe what fantastical fantasies
they're like fairy tales
yeah fantastic
fuck you too asshole over yeah yeah so I
mean you know make up our mind on
customs can we do that yeah you can skip
on no you can do whatever you want to if
you have the controller you can do
whatever you know just leave it on this
wash I have the controller sure I mean
Ezra playing shovel Knight
it shouldn't on my screen it says we're
playing Katamari Damacy
and let's see what it says
I'm gonna double-check what it's already
lost yeah they then go and shirk now
your it says we're playing Katamari
Damacy whatever you're reading a room
you were you in the stream before I
updated it because and you just need to
click refresh on your girl don't look
now now you know some people like to
facecam some people do the face and
we're not gonna do the face and welcome
to the chat you guys for anyone who's
like been through a lot of these you
know all the technical problems we have
and literally the only thing extra we
have as a mic we can have a video game
and a microphone and still we fucking
there's problems every time those are
problems this time yes yes before before
the street we we started out before the
stream started oh that's good so we'll
defer this dream the first hour of it
wasn't you trying to figure out we had
problems right okay well that's an
improvement
well he's the prince of all their rulers
of the line well no people get oh here
you go
oh nevermind Katamari actually an
ancient japanese word which is roughly
translated to me Ock fraud I saw
something like that come thank you joke
is there somebody somebody good job
somebody
shyam thank you I know you're a woman
even mature relax I know you're a woman
woman Jack what are all the reasons that
Vanessa Williams is better than Alicia
Keys who's Vanessa Williams well I think
this is sinner
oh well then Alicia Keys is better
because she sings at Lisa Bonet or la
moon Frye that's funky first ya know I'm
thinking Raven Simone Simone she came
later yeah yeah if I'm not mistaken
you've worked with ravenson have you
know I have she's look I haven't waited
so raisin actually she was serene I
thought we did a we did a little bit
with ravenson mom and she was really
nice to us and in person she was she was
so like this is gonna sound really weird
she was so what building was he is an
adult well yeah but I mean like I I ran
into her and war bunch of chumps you
know and so we were we were like being
assholes and she's like I think this
would be lovely I would love to be here
Wow have you been doing like the high
five things of the trick bowling or a
trick bowling or whatever for people
give me know if you explain what you're
doing and they just have no idea what
the hell is going on
almost everyone okay oh my god
oh yeah yeah it's oh yeah nice one yeah
get that stuff oh yeah like there's
there's some people where we explain the
premise like we with the high-fives
we've worked with more celebrities and
we explained the premise and we're like
okay so these two guys are gonna
high-five and then you look at the
camera there they go okay and then what
like nothing then we cut that's the bit
and we and then and I just and some of
them some of them get it right away
where they just like that's
oh my more shit no one can help you only
you can help you rich this is a life
lesson this game is a life lesson what
the hell are the police even there for
rich is not amused with the whimsy of
this game by the glorious game shut up
oh yeah I can't see what's going on I'm
stuck in here I know I know okay that's
the again else
I hate when the King pops up and you're
trying to do shit box it Oh a black some
shit alright
which this person says to book up you
should probably do it we're not gonna
play doctor fire and later we will save
the doctor Mario stream for another time
we have some other games out of other
games we have mr. mosquito which looks
terrifying I've never played that oh
wait here there's the back this is my
favorite I'll go I'll read the whole
thing okay okay so you are mr. mosquito
an uninvited guest in the Yamada's
family home you will need to drink as
much of their blood as possible to
survive the winter they know you are in
the house and they plan to take you out
and these are the bullet points for the
administer mosquito games fly through
and explore the twelve levels of the
Yamada household searching for victim to
use stealth to prepare for air comment
as you do battle which human inhabitants
breathe watch the family's relationship
disintegrate and as they take their
irritation out on each other what so
your job as the mosquito is to break up
a family while collecting their blood oh
and that's a naked lady in a man it's
not overtly sexy but there is some
creepy voyeuristic you know well so we
have that it looks like we have a Roman
game a gun grave another gun grave and I
got dynasty warriors
yeah this is this was a game that was
designed and I believe programmed by one
view like this is a very small game even
though it was published by Namco if
there's just one dude bad this idea yeah
you've got um Richard doing a great job
thank you oh you're getting people now
you're killing them all yeah we have we
have some games that we can play it
tonight I want rich to play dynasty
warrior just cuz he hasn't and it's the
most ridiculous video game the world you
play a giant person with a giant weapon
and you will know down hundreds if not
thousands of innocents doing well
they're not civilians they're they're in
the opposing person's armor but you mow
them down it's the dumbest game
oh I'm sure I'm sure I had a team I just
know this was this was a game that was
kind of like created by one man this was
one man's idea
it probably had some support behind it
but this was a smaller game I remember
this game being very hard to find for
the first game I want to say when I
first got this game that was in like the
bargain bin because no one had ever
heard it sounds like a terrible thing
I'm sorry
now can't use the best cow
yeah yeah you maybe it might take more
than a hundred dollars
absolutely
oh really this was this was released as
a darling I mean normally games are like
50 60 oh this is this was a twenty
dollar game ever that guy I hate how fun
because it's whimsical it is really the
thing about this game is it's very
satisfied because you start off picking
you know picking up little gum wrappers
and yeah and then by the end you're
picking on people and yeah well seems
like a relatively simple games bar is
this is your mission yeah yeah there's
not a lot of twists and turns so I can
see it being one of those sort of
wrapped up in
would you like to give it a try, Jay?
I wouldn't sit right out a little I
think it's Jessi's turn okay I'm gonna
get one more beer okay and that's gonna
be all my dear friend
all right and that's what okay
my duty switches there's nothing to say
I have father's to concern I mean unless
the headphone can on the TV might have a
headphone okay watch out there's the
king of the cosmos so if you have a if
you have an extender and a headphone
thing long enough we might be able to
hear it oh yeah critters to the giant
critter ball that's exactly what that is
Jack what was your least favorite work
experience in any job I've had a lot of
jobs over over my life I'm not just
you've had like weird job I can get into
a lot of it well you got a workday
yeah I know but I end up like in high
school I worked at Kmart that's all I
did
um what was the worst probably the worst
was for a while I was I was a dispatcher
or a or a courier service and so it was
it was kind of uh it was city-to-city
logistics which means like oh I need a
package delivered in a half hour to the
other side of the city and so it was my
job to be a dispatcher and actually
dispatching was a crazy amount of fun it
was like a video game like figuring out
where all your drivers are who can get
later what are you sorry it wasn't no no
I mean it for oh I'm sorry I asked me
what my least favorite job experience
for and there so I'm gonna start with
the good stuff is being a dispatcher I
was really fun because you got to like
figure out where all your drivers are
and then one needs to get a package and
deliver it but then each package only
gets them a certain amount of money and
they won't do it if it's for not
enough money because the tray all the
drivers were independent contractors and
so like balancing like jobs and chaining
job you know sounds like oh there are
three packages on the east side downtown
and Bayview and all three of them need
to go to a stylist Wauwatosa Waukesha
that's a great little run for someone
you know like that was super fun
but all the rest of the job was terrible
like I had to sweep a warehouse every
day you know take packages and sort on
the grimy butt and I worked from be in
the morning I started work at 4:00 in
the morning got out and so it was like I
could never stay out late yeah and by
the time I got home everyone else was
that worker at school so there was just
no one there's just no one to talk to
all but it was it was mostly fun and
they and those assholes because Wells
fired me they got I got downsized and
they fired me on a Monday but they knew
about it on Friday and so I come in at
4:00 in the morning I'm a bus that's me
now says we got to let you go and I was
like you could have told me on Friday
and I could have slept in asshole what a
jerk you get an extra weekend Sunday
night I had to wake up ass earlier that
was that was a weird driving
I've had many jobs I found fun and most
all of my god I applied a job I didn't
get but I applied for was one of those
high-rise window washers I'm sorry Jessi
I live
but I apply it you know to be one of the
people that like hang off of the
building and wash the windows of scary
please I didn't get the job I don't know
why probably because they were just like
are you okay with this like hanging off
of a building and I was like yeah sure
we'll give it a try and they're inside I
don't think they thought I was serious
yes I'm sorry dick the birthday boy I
will stop talking about all my packages
but I do like I still think about making
a dispatcher video kind of like papers
please we have to keep all of your
drivers on TV and you know you know what
it would be really great it would be
either a really great DS game or like an
iPad game where you'd have to like draw
you know because I yeah I'm making the
campus rich what was what was your oh
yeah fine people know about that one
time you had to mop up green goop all
day
no no what's bad like what's it what's
the worst job you've ever had the only
what a lot of sick angry people who took
it out on you and trying to read fucking
doctor's handwriting when I was what
because I was in construction slow down
a fire sprinkler I I installed fire
sprinklers okay always always been cool
about that anyway
whereas villain I'm sorry building and
their freight elevator was down yeah so
we got in our shipment of pipe the job
and it's a business so my trumpet
company it's got these bundles of steel
pipe and felt like a bundle like as far
out as the feet ball picture ten feet
long a semi truck filled with them and I
have to carry all of that shit up five
stories in the middle of July my up up
the stairs trying it like a narrow
stairwell like trying to hold this ten
foot long things go fight off my
shoulder nearly with vertical whoa we've
only got around the stare at attend all
fucking day just to get her at y'all
just unload the fucking truck and man
that was the hardest I ever worked in my
life I after after work that day I
stopped at the McDonald's and I think I
literally drink to be able to supersize
sodas oh Jesus oh I like that I just got
a soda
I got a larger size come III think I
downed three of them like I was just
utterly dehydrated and overheated and
exhausted I mean there's like 90 degrees
off did you think do you think about
drinking water I say you know some is
the exact opposite of what I don't know
these things okay next time you'd be
hydrated try water I did a 5k and I was
so exhausted that I just was chugging
coffee I actually do with that that one
is my super target I think that's the
last time I share stories on the same in
the future you're saying we didn't get
it oh we need to find them right yeah
well they're on the other levels yeah no
we're sorry everybody we're joking with
rich Evans because he's our friend
like it's like when you're in the same
room with someone and you're friends
with them you can make kind of these
kind of jokes no no that's true yeah we
also all hate each other I know you all
that's not true this game is fucking
weird I agree but it's great should we
be commenting more on the game when we
do this and people have already said
they don't care I'm pretty sure - nobody
cares they just want to hear some dad
and watch and to have some visuals and
some I mean it feels like we should if
you want if you would like I don't know
I don't know shit about calamari what
did you say about this game exactly it's
a fun game to play and you know what in
between these stories we tell it's not
fun liar this game gets boring so quick
so quick by the time it's boring it's
over it's a very short oh God
okay oh yeah so now we'll move on to
Jessi have you ever I've only
worked at places that I wanted to work
at a job and I would keep it yes yeah so
I got downsized wait I've never been
fired I was actually in a position once
where I have the authority to fire
people I'm so excited
no I never got a chance to fire anyone
all I wanted to do was fire pieces
powers all I wanted to do you're a
monster it was I just could not wait I
was actually in a position where I could
fire someone and do it and talk to my
eyeballs
we're great it's always late every
single day and his excuse for being late
or am I supposed to do being late like I
don't know be here on time that's a
really good answer though like late so
you talk to your higher-ups and they
didn't want to fire no they had enough
fire oh the night I consulted with him
first although I didn't have to fire him
on my did you say I want to be the one
to fire something
no no cuz that at that point then you
know once I discussed it with the higher
up you can fire me check your fire
bridge I was just gonna say Jay if you
wanna live on the stream you can hire me
in and fight me if you think that'll be
interesting be real though no no fire
rich then you won't be an asshole that
shows up 45 minutes late and when I say
hey you're late again and I know the
response is what am I supposed to do but
what was he supposed to do show up on
time it's you know like a chump
everybody's maybe this isn't job-related
my school yeah there was a spark for a
part it was the greatest job because I
would get a list in the morning if
things are supposed to be if you're out
today now get them done in the first
hour and then I'll just fuck around the
rest of my shift oh but uh they catch
someone shoplifting they come to this
back little room and that's where they
have to wait until I showed up I always
need it secret shoppers sometimes they'd
have to have somebody waiting could just
be him
doesn't they're waiting one time they
caught a guy steal players and sitting
there for the cops that silence and
after like five minutes the guy just
goes I would have bought it but I didn't
have any money did buy nothing you just
felt the need I really liked that access
where it's like well yeah that's kind of
I think when people steal right Oh sir
what the maniacs
yeah
no Jay is not being censored a I don't
know why the audio keeps cutting out we
have a we do have a what is it called we
have a gate on our microphone and so if
we're not talking the microphone will
shut off so you don't like just pick up
the hum of the ambient noise some
perhaps the gate cutting people off foot
farther away Jay is pretty far away so
he might be getting cut off here great
I'm gonna fix it
oh my god I just microphone slightly
closer today but then I block the TV
sorry Jay Jay don't care you don't know
Fox that's a weird question the best
concert it's a weird question what the
best kind of thing without even thinking
about it yeah
I've never left a concert touch you
where where did you see him it was at
Riverside all right we're gonna get up
Riverside okay
yeah yeah oh wait no yeah not like a
creeper I just
my grandmother was okay
she could she could like never let her
sights
okay and so when I was younger I was
forced kicking and screaming to go to
both a clean Newton and a Lisa Minnelli
concert oh my god I'm so sorry I know I
know
best concert I was the only concert
story I had oh it's the worst part was
the fucking wing there were there were
posters all over that bed that concert
hall like George Carlin was it was just
rubbing it right oh my god damn face I
never got to see George Carlin live
that's my big regret I saw him twice
fuck you I was actually thinking about
the other night I got really sad
thinking about the fact that he's dead
yeah George Karl you just start six yes
ah no it's great no I really I'm a big
fan of the Barenaked Ladies and so I got
to see I got I got pretty decent see I
well I didn't get decent seats but I
stole some see well I just moved out and
had decent seats to see them at the
amphitheater really great um with the
full lineup before original lineup for
anyone who's that'd be an omen my
Spanish teacher in high school was
really big in the Barenaked Ladies
before anyone knew who they were
that's how I first heard about them
that's a weird name for a band yeah
those before they were big I don't know
yeah before one week they were just one
of those bands that
we're the constant and so just everyone
knew of them and loved them because they
had been the million dollars today's
youth I don't know if I heard a very
good song but I remember seeing that I'm
really like but I I really enjoy smaller
concerts there is this really amazing
band out a minute so I called gospel
gossip and they put on a show in a small
club here in Milwaukee that made me let
that made me feel like I was on drugs
even though I was done it was one of the
best shows I've ever been to triplets
you guys rock wad I've seen new contents
Bette Midler and chair things I did for
my ex I can see why that is your ex
that's so terrible I'm sorry I guess if
you're a mom that later puts on a show
guys you know what I saw Weird Al and
Addison on my birthday one year it was
nice 20th birthday I was like what a way
to end my teenage years it puts on a
good show missing you I don't you do I'm
sure he does look what the same a lot of
costume changes he hit though I don't
know weird out earlier today I know it's
kind of crazy that he's had longevity
and career that yet
he like does it I guess I was reading
someone else's comment I actually did
not go to a bedroom of their concert or
a shared confident butterfly oh yeah let
me clarify that I was telling the person
in the chance that I was sorry for them
that and I could see why that is there
that's why what I saw I saw a super
great show I saw they might be giants
when they were in Madison I want to say
at a smaller venue at Madison when they
were when they were supporting mink car
and they might be giants puts on a
motherfucker of Machaerus Enid I would
like to see I don't know if they still
do it this was a while ago this was I
want to say when I was 20 or 21 and man
did they put on a good show they had a
segment in their show where they just
turned on a radio and would would like
find a station and to start playing
along with the song Oh after 30 seconds
they would just change the radio just
because they could because they're
fucking awesome a mic enjoy those rich
Evans like shellac or the Jesus yeah we
need Joshua Lac I liked what I got yeah
they have a song in Pet Sematary - oh I
know bad yeah I would also consider
myself a manager I I never I have never
searched out on you yeah yeah I let it
find it I don't like I used to but I am
Joey musical but you know I wait I wait
for it to filter through everyone else
except for live music I will go see
about any band live because I just enjoy
life even if it's crap but if it's bad
if I'm gonna
I've seen that bad I was gonna make it
that's a banjo yep
stir phones oh that would have been to
the wharf to word oh I saw actually the
last year over to the work pure dumb jet
plane and that lady is badass she put on
a great show
here's the thing I just don't believe
good name any Joan Jett songs I can name
one doing good so I just I love Ronald
rock'n'roll that's actually that's the
thing is I knew of Joan Jett before
going to the show but she started
playing these songs and I knew every one
of them I just another thing I know she
put on a great show
ok then I mean lips concert was in
thousand and ten yeah and then they came
back again for Summerfest I think that
was 2012 yeah that pale there yeah yeah
it was right show yeah yeah oh yeah
Chris Flaming Lips shows Oh or Loki he
went to an MC Frontalot concert that's
awesome other people I don't love him
but I enjoy Ashton is a nerd rapper
he's a nerd rapper he's in a good movie
called nerdcore rising its documentary
about nerdcore rappers how they don't
get no respect
you nerd music I like captured by robots
captured by oh yeah that's the one guy
in his bag abandoned robots that he
built himself his animatronic yeah yeah
I saw it all the banking members or
administration I believe one year he did
it was all Star Trek characters when
he's the drum he's the drummer right he
might do different things I'm I know I
did I think one of like one of the very
early shows he was like the drummer but
he was like he changed okay come on you
might change instrumental needs every I
agree MC Chris I do believe is a
legitimately good right oh yeah there's
a lot of his stuff he's a vendor okay
it's it's a nice movie just because it's
about people who are trying to do their
own thing and you know like he's going
out on tour and being a nerd and being
like I might not be able to make my rent
let's put out a nerve wrap the meat a
little back here okay I'll make you
could you also share to play my big
station Oh Jay is a hot chips and hot
shit Hot Chip I don't know they have
really oh yes
yeah hey Billy get up this now because I
couldn't really get BAM but shudder to
think
yeah Craig weather and music for David
Wain stuff Oh score and music for a lot
of their stuff but he's in a band called
Saturday I don't have just one bill
disposed on I really have one off of
every of them
i user the other the other day Jay
commented on some wonderful hip-hop that
I was listening to and did you pick up
any after it
Oh Jay we were listening to some Aesop
Rock Aesop Rock that's right I was going
to and I forgot the name the Aesop Rock
is glorious hip-hop but they're saying
shudder to thinks 50,000 BC is great
when if that is an album or a song i you
know what i really like metal I like
metal live like there's a lot of bands
that I will go see live that I would not
buy their help like I really like chunky
trashy stuff live because they put on a
good show and it destroys my eardrums
and I enjoy that but I like I would
never ever buy like a hardcore
a ASAP rocky yeah none shall pass is a
great a something a stop the rock good
you know what I have actually I have
wanted to really listen the Nine Inch
Nails
oh I listen to a lot of Nine Inch Nails
flight out of grade school which tells
you a low lamp I was never really in
tonight I mean they're fine they're good
but I really also do I say I listen to
the downward spiral several times a day
that was also the summer that I wore
Jenko Dean oh you just evolved too much
information it was just one summer and I
realized really quickly have no my look
oh Jesus but for one summer I wore Jenko
jeans combat boots and black t-shirts
okay that's it it's what you do when
you're out when you're when you're in
eighth grade ok it's true ok the year
between 7th and 8th grade junior high
nice goal is where and you get the pass
for dressing stupid yep so that's what
we're doing we don't have to do anything
anymore on this that's a good one rich I
did a good job and does anybody like hot
snakes oops
yeah do guys like Huxley oh my god guys
oh my god I'll play some right now you
nuts are we doing what's next
bhana we have to place why you brought
that up fast
yeah step step
this is back to the casino wally was in
this game I'll make you
um okay here's what we're gonna do for
realsies we're gonna take a little break
we're gonna run a commercial we're gonna
figure out what game we're gonna play
next so um have to go over to our and I
am and within the hour there'll be a new
video posted on YouTube
what isn't won't be the most exciting
Bobby a video it might make people
excited upcoming oh okay everyone's
hopefully starting I'm trailer it's not
the Space Shuttle they're looking super
exciting just you know but it is
something it's behind the scenes Ethan
yeah
well I'm excited well okay so hang out
for a second guys we're gonna play
commercial and figure out remember

[Part II]
Yay!
We're dancing!
You can't see it, but we're dancing!
Now you have to play the other Friends Forever song.
Yay!
Your other favorite Friends Forever song.
The Saved by the Bell one?
Oh, wait. Hold on. Only through the elimination of violence can we achieve world peace.
I need to rewatch Miami Connection. That movie is so great.
It really is.
Oh, we stopped the stream.
Bye, everybody. We're gonna go watch Miami Connection.
Enough with this video game bullshit. We're gonna watch bad movies again. Um, that song is super awesome.
It's great.
That song is just the greatest. Um, let's get, let's see here. And, by the way, uh, we got distracted and didn't decide what we were gonna play next. Let's play the mosquito game. Let's play, we're gonna play the mosquito game next.
Okay.
Because why the fuck not. Man, do I remember how to work...oh, well, that's okay. I'm gonna be okay with that, Rich. Friends for eternity, friendship, harmony.
You're ruining it.
Shut up.
You're getting all the lyrics wrong.
Well, when you've heard it twice...I can't remember. I don't know shit about shit. 
Mosquito man.
What?
...with that family...
There we go. See you again soon!
Oh, yay!
See you in hell!
See you in hell. Okay, and...okay. And...oh, I forgot about this. The, the super fancy PS2 turn-on screen, it's, like, the future!
Rich, do I need to do anything with the controller to make it go?
Oh. 
You have to remove skeleton.
Oh, I should have removed skel...I should--
Do you know where that originated from?
I think it's, it's just a Dark Souls meme.
Okay.
Um, people want, well, not people, one person asks, Jack and Jay, shirts off for...
What, what makes them think we're not already?
Yeah, they're, they, they...
Of course we weren't.
They're not wearing shirts, guys, they're not wearing shirts.
So if you want, we could put our shirts back on, and then take them off?
That, do you think that would help?
Um, this is how we roll now.
When?
Playing, w're playing a game called Mister Mosquito. Would you like to sit and watch?
Yeah. Would you like to sit by me?
Oh, yeah. I would.
Okay.
Wait, we're not getting anything on the stream. Oh we didn't remove skeleton, guys.
That's great.
Yeah. I've just...
What'd you do?
Well, I broke it, obviously.
Oh. Prayer to God by Shellac is my favorite.
Oh, that's good.
That's a great song. I played that for Jack, um, here four years ago.
I'm sure you did.
I have.
I'm sure you did. I'm sorry.
There is no...
Hold on, guys. We're getting the settings, we're gonna get Mister Mosquito up here. Pause for skeletons, or another meme. I fixed it. 
What was the problem?
Oh, because, uh, I reset the PS2. My capture box got confused.
Oh.
And so it just stopped sending the video signal. It got, it got scared and confused. Jessi, can you...
Shit got weird?
Oh, update?
...uh, change that update?
The game...
Ooh.
Update, we're, so we're updating...oh, my god.
I don't know what just happened. Okay, um...
Yeah, we've been through that. The gate is screwing up the audio. You either, you either get the noise gate, or you get a really awful hum. That's your choice. Oh. Oh, Rich is coming.
How's that coming?
Should I update?
Huh?
Oh, no. Also, change the game.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, so now, click in here.
Um...
We're, we're figuring it out guys. Yeah...oh, it's Mis-, it's spelled out. It is.
Oh. You're right.
Right in front...
Uh, can't...
Right in front of your face.
Guess what, I'm blind.
What?
So, I mean...
Okay, wait now, click on that.
Like that?
Yep. And now hit update. And, updated!
Okay, now we're gonna play Mister Mosquito.
I don't remember anything about how to play this game.
Okay. All right, well that's fine. We're gonna do it, anyway. We're gonna play this game. The jams are gonna be jimmied. The, the joovies are gonna be jibbed. The...
The blood will be sucked.
Aughhh!
Oooh.
Yeah, I believe you can change the color of your...
Oh, I do want to change, oh...
Oh...
No.
I got it saved somewhere, but...
Whatever. Okay, stage!
Start!
Yay, Mister Misquit-oooh!
Misquit-oooh?
I tried to...misqui-doo!
Misqui-doo.
Misqui-doo!
Misqui-doo!
Oh, yeah, we might need to change the audio settings. No, oh, I see them blipping. They should be blipping for you guys. Frame rate is shitty, yo. That's true, yo. Nothing we can do about that.
...hear it. I wish we could hear it. 
Not a perfect system, Rich.
I know, I know.
Streaming...streaming was built for one person, and we're trying to do it as a group. 
Yeah.
This looks like a great cutscene. I don't know.
This is boring.
They're talking.
Talking about stuff, and things.
They're talking about jimmies, jams...
About life. Things they should be doing with their life.
That's true. Thank you, thank you, gooddocks. We should take pride in the fact that we are the only people streaming this right now. So if, if there, if anyone is looking to, to watch some gameplay footage, live gameplay footage of Mister Mosquito, they can only get it right here.
Oh, is that a Twitch thing?
You can search for, like, a game.
Yeah. 
Well, that's neat.
Yeah. It is neat. I use that a lot, like, I like to watch, I really like to watch FTL runs.
Yeah.
You know, just to get ideas.
Yeah.
Loading takes a long time. Ughhh....
You all right?
Boring...
Oh, so, uh, Jack, Jack is playing the game, I've never played Mister Mosquito before. I don't really know how to play...uh-oh. Uh-oh!
Space!
Oh, I want that poster, um, just a poster with people on it that says SPACE. Okay, so what's my mission?
Uh, you're gonna have to land on her and suck her blood. I don't remember how to do any of this because it's been, like, ten years since I've played this game.
Okay, suck two tanks of blood, and there is one EX Tank in here.
I don't remember what that does.
Okay.
I don't know a lot of things.
Whoa. That's it. Okay, so left...this is left, uh, stick.
Right. There's literally a button for gas. Okay, oh, okay. R...R1 is go forward.
R1, all right.
Oh, my god. How do you stop?
You can, oh, the lightswitch.
How do you stop going forward?
Try, try L1. Go down.
Ah!
Oh, okay. Yeah, you're right. So, so it's, it's like a, it's like a racing game. R1 is go, L1 is stop. Wait, I want to find an EX tank.
They're saying choppy.
Eh...whatever.
Oh, okay.
It is. I can see, I can see we're dropping frames.
Yeah.
But, we can do about that, internet might be weird over here. Whoaaaa. So, sorry y'all. If, oh, it is choppy, I see it in the preview. Not a whole lot we can do about that. That's, that's internet speed. It might be ours. Oh, you know why?
Do you guys want to know why it's choppy?
Because right now, uh, if you remember Jay said he was uploading something to YouTube.
It was that upload?
No, it's, it's choppy...as long as you can still hear us, I don't care if it's choppy.
It will be done very soon.
It will be done very soon, guys.
What you all need to do is stop watching the stream...
Uh-huh.
...quit paying attention to us...
Uh-huh.
...and go to YouTube. But it's not up yet.
Now, I know at some point, there's gonna be, like, a vulnerable spot on her that you have to land, but I think...
Sure.
...I think you need the...
I'm looking for the EX Tank. I'm, I'm just learning how to fly around.
You're just exploring?
Okay.
I'm exploring, Rich.
L2 button, rear view. R2 button, 180 degree turn.
Okay.
R1 button, accelerate. L1 button, burst.
Uh-huh.
This looks boring.
Yeah.
Bye.
Oh.
Ohh...yeah, I can see that.
Goodbye.
Bye, Jessi.
Bye.
This game looks stupid. What are you, some kind of fairy?
Yeah.
What are you, some sort of magical creature?
I'm a mosquites.
Oh, you're a mosquito. Oh, this is the mosquito game.
Hold on for a sec, hold on. Okay, now, sorry about that, guys. We're figuring stuff out. Okay. We come over here. Well, Rich can come over here. You can sit on...
All right, I'm over here.
Okay. Oh, oh god. You guys have no idea how...
Don't, don't go, Jessi?
Don't go, Jessi. Yeah. Jessi's got important stuff to do. Important stuff to do.
Oh. Yes.
I've got what to do?
We all want Jessi to stay. I bet there's an EX Tank here in the garbage. Huh?
You don't even know what it does, you just want it.
The game told me there was an EX Tank. And that means it's a, it's a hidden secret, right?
Okay.
Oh, look. I found it. I found it.
Okay. Where is it?
There.
Huh?
Oh, I just collected a heart ring. Collect 50 heart rings to increase max lives...by what?
Oh, so that wasn't the EX Tank.
By what?
Okay, that was not the EX Tank. But that was, that was something. Okay, so it's telling me to go over here. Telling me to go over here. Okay, what do I do when I get here. Did I miss...
Try hitting the buttons.
Ah!
There you are.
Okay.
You stung it. You turned the switch off.
Okay. Aughh!
Whoaa!
What is this game?
It's weird.
This is so weird, Rich. I don't know if I like it.
That's okay. I, I wanted to play it just because I know it's weird. You've been spotted, Jack.
Huh?
I said you've been spotted.
Eh?
By, apparently, she didn't pay you much mind.
Oh, good. Good, good. Okay. Okay. Nah, she doesn't...whoa!
Oh, that's like a quick turn.
Oh, there you go. Wait. Go back to her. Go back to her.
Oh, no. But look, there's...
There's a thing on her.
Oh. Oh.
That's where you go and do your [indecipherable], Jack.
Oh, I don't like this!
This is weird, Rich!
This is weird!
I know it is. It's the only reason I wanted to play this.
Oh, this is weird. I have to, like, suck on her leg.
Uh-huh. Uh-oh.
What'd I do?
Uh, you did something wrong.
I, I don't know what button, what button stops flight?
Uh, here. Here. Uh, zero, uh, O-button, circle button. Attack, stabilize, take off...X-button, take off. I don't see a suck blood button.
Aughh!
Oh. R3.
R3?
Yep.
Why?
Right, R3, analog stick button. Flying movement, pierce skin, and suck blood.
Jesus Christ. Okay, we're gonna...thing we can do. This is weird. I feel weird. I do it?
Augh, I did. Get outta here. I feel weird playing this.
Yeah.
I do. Absolute...You don't see shit. You don't see shit, lady!
Get outta here. What is this?
I dunno.
Room thing?
Thermostat?
Nothing. You know, like, it would be different, the weird thing is that it's, like, a young girl.
Yeah. Yeah.
Where it's, like, if, if, if I was, like, just in the jungle and it, like, it was like a horse or something, it would be fine. I mean, it would still be weird, obviously. The fuck?
How do I do this?
I don't know.
The fuck?
How do I do this?
Aim, aim towards...and maybe push down the R3 button.
I did.
Oh, she, she moved. 
Oh, fuck her. All right. All right. Can I get in?
No. I don't know about this, Rich.
We don't have to.
Well, no, I mean, I, this is, this is weird enough where I kind of want...oh, look, VHS's!
What do they say?
Anything?
No. Press anything on the TV?
Oh, there's a little thing. You just collected a heart. Yay!
I got a thing, guys!
You're so insecure. This ain't a porn game.
I'm so insecure?
Yeah, that's what somebody said.
I mean, I don't know if it's an insecure thing, it's just weird. I feel, it makes me weird, it makes me feel weird playing this. I don't know if that's an insecure thing. That's just how I feel.
For what it's worth, you're terrible.
Thank you. That, that does make me feel better. Okay, now I gotta get outta here so she doesn't spot me, right?
All right, I hide over here, I hide over here, and wait for the little girl to go back to bed. And that's why it's weird. Cuz I'm waiting for a little girl to go back to bed so I can jump on her leg. Bed, little girl. See, this is weird.
Jack, there's nothing weird about it. You're just going to violate her with your mouth.
Exactly!
You shut up, Rich. Okay. Okay.
All right, go there slowly. Get close.
Uh-huh.
And then try the R3.
Okay. R3 doesn't do anything.
All right. All right.
Help me out here. Where do I have to...
There you go!
Now do what?
There's some kind of meter on the right.
Oh, okay.
Keep the, keep the thing in blue.
Okay.
What are you doing, rotating it?
Yeah.
Okay, and then your tank goes up.
Okay.
All right. All right. That's not that bad.
Okay. I need, I need two tanks.
Yeah. Yeah. Fly away at any time. That's when she gets agitated.
Yeah.
You can take off.
Ooop!
So close, gonna get it!
Ah, get...
Oh!
Oh, no!
Ohhh!
What the fuck?!
You play this.
All right, I'm gonna give this a shot.
You come over here. This game is weird, and I feel weird. Oh, sure.
All right. I'm gonna give this a shot.
Yeah, let Rich do this shit, horseshit.
...while everybody stands in front of the TV.
Oh, oh!
I think that helps. Oh, my!
Oh, my god. This takes so long to load.
Yeah.
What's wrong with this?
Very long. 
Why is she turning her light on?
Seems backwards.
Maybe she's worried about people violating her.
To Catch a Predator.
Ha. That's a...
What was that?
I don't even know what you're talking about. I just walked into the room.
Kinda lame.
Well, you know, we're the first and only people to ever stream this, so it's got that going.
There's a reason for that.
Okay.
You can fly anywhere. I think that's neat.
I mean, like I said, it, this would be a much more...I would feel better about this game if, if I was...
Oh, my god.
...if, if we were, like, in the jungle and, and hunting animals or what-not, right?
Then it would feel less weird. But because you're going after an underage girl who's sleeping in bed in little shorts, it's weird. That's what makes it weird. Yeah, yeah, because of the weird things you guys are saying in chat, it makes me feel weirder.
What are they saying in the chat?
Suck that little girls inner thigh, Jack!
Oh...
Yeah. That's why it's weird.
All right. We can stop. We can stop.
Let's, let's at least go to the next, um, to the next stage.
Okay.
Just to...just to see what's jimmying all the jams. Just to give us a sense of...
I can't even manage the basic controls here, Jack.
You can't?
The, the, the actual sucking of blood is...
Yeah, yeah. Also, that is weird. You know, it's one of those, you have to rotate and stay in the blue line and you gotta jam a lot of jims. It happened. Yeah. You guys, did you guys stop saying stuff in the chat?
Oh. Yeah. It's gone here, too. What happened?
I dunno.
What button did you press to...aughh, I did it, and then I...
Get rid of chat?
Huh?
By accident?
Where did chat go?
I might, I guess I might have cleared chat. Sorry if I cleared the chat.
Somebody say something.
Maybe nobody is watching us, basically?
No, no, there's people.
Like, what...
Okay.
Where is everybody else?
I dunno.
Are we crossing the streams by having it on two...
Oh, maybe.
...done that before.
I dunno.
Weird.
All right, hey guys, something is not stir in the Kool-Aid. We can't see any of your chat. What?
That showed up here.
That showed up there?
That's weird.
What did you press to do the sucking?
R3.
No, I mean to, to control the...
Oh, R3, R3 is stick, you have to stick your, your nose in.
There you go.
Now you rotate.
Okay.
Okay.
You got it.
Oh.
Oh, I see what I do.
This is really weird, guys.
No one's in the chat room, and I just don't believe that.
Someone, someone tweet at Previously Recorded if you can see the chat or not.
We can't see any of the chat.
There's nothing showing up in the chat.
Good way to tell.
Whoa, I got a lot of tweets.
Hold on.
There's always a problem.
There's always a problem.
Um, no one's tweeting at me yet.
Yeah, Twitch chat is dead for some reason.
Sorry, guys.
I, I'm just getting your tweets now.
Uh, I have no idea what is happening to the chat.
But...so, like, we didn't turn chat off or anything.
We're still chatting.
All right.
Oh, did you do it?
Yeah.
Yay!
Good job, Rich!
Broke.
Do we have to restart the stream?
Uh, no.
It sounds like everyone's chat broke.
Well, something's broken on Twitch, guys.
Really sorry if, if you can't chat.
I guess we'll just wait it out.
We'll keep playing and what-not.
I wonder if other streams right now are having the same problem, or if it's local.
That's a good, if anyone else is watching any other streams, let us know at Previously Recorded, PreviouslyRec twit.
Thank you guys for tweeting at me.
Uh, yeah, I think, yes, I think you're right.
Mister Mosquito killed the chat.
Mister Mosquito is too much for Twitch to handle.
I think you're absolutely right.
Yeah.
I'm getting, I'm getting the, the loading circle of death over here.
And I can't see anyone except for me in chat.
And no, I did not put it in mute mode or anything like that.
In fact, it's not even loading up for me now.
Internet things.
You know.
Oh, wait.
Now we're getting it.
Now we're getting it.
Okay, chat's back.
Wasn't somebody just saying in that chat how long till the stream?
Of course they were.
That's just what people...
It's working again.
Yep, chat's working again.
Okay.
Trying to update the website right now, too.
Oh...
There's issues with that as well.
So there's an overall internet issue.
Everything is a problem, always.
Yes.
The entire internet has gone down.
Welcome back to the chat, everybody.
Al-Qaeda has made their move.
Hey!
Chat's working now.
So, do you think the problem was that you were, that you were doing some internet stuff?
No, no.
I wasn't doing anything at the time when chat went out.
And now, look.
Here, I'm trying to get the embed code.
Loading.
I mean, yeah, we're soaking up, we're soaking up a lot of your bandwidth.
No, it's doing that, well, I guess it wouldn't matter which computer.
I don't think it's related.
I don't know.
Hey...
This is a simple thing.
This is a simple thing.
Welcome to...
But, what, what we'll say, though, for people listening to this, I'm trying to update the website, and Jack is fucking it up by streaming in our studio.
It's all Jack's fault.
You can blame him...
Yep.
For no new video.
Fuck...you...Baaaah-man.
No, that's not true.
It, no, it's absolutely true.
I, I ruined...
No, we had this from before, actually.
I don't know what the deal is.
Eh.
Sometimes...
Yay, chat!
Are they being jerks now because I was making fun of you?
No, not, oh, that, they probably are just hearing that now.
Oh, yeah.
Remember, there's a, there's a significant delay.
Goddammit, Jack.
I want my new Plinkett.
Absolutely, guys.
That's exactly what he's uploading.
I'm uploading the new Plinkett review!
Yep.
Did we, did we say what it was earlier, the new Plinkett review, our made up movie?
Oh, you made up a movie for the Plinkett review?
Well, every week, cuz...
Oh, okay.
They ask when the new Plinkett review is every week, and I always say it's coming tomorrow.
Okay.
But I try to give them a new movie.
You don't wanna know that the real Plinkett review is the third season of Family Matters.
You don't wanna give that away.
Oh, oh!
Shit!
Cuz the third season is when that show really started to go downhill.
Absolutely.
You remember the first season, before Urkel was even a character on that show?
He wasn't originally a part of that show.
Really?
Yeah.
I hate Urkel so much.
Everybody hates Urkel.
No, I, I have no recollection of that show before Urkel.
It was originally just a show about that family, and Urkel was on one episode...
Yeah.
...as just a one-off thing.
And they're like, oh, finally something about the show that people like.
Yeah.
So they just ran that shit into the ground.
Absolutely.
I remember Stefan Urquelle.
Oh, I wasn't watching by that point.
I'm aware of it.
When Steve Urkel--
Not that I watched a lot to begin with, but, I know, like, like, wasn't there, like, time travel at one point, and he had, like, multiple characters that he played, and all this...
Well, the, the thing was, Jaleel White was turning into a handsome, handsome man.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And so they had him use his magic science power to turn himself into attractive person, Stefan Urquelle, who...
I think he played a girl, too, sometimes.
Sure.
Urkel's cousin, or something, this lady...
Was there, like, a cloning machine, maybe?
I don't know.
Nobody was watching it at that point.
Oh, no.
And I'm sure, just, the writers at one point, it was like, let's see what we can get away with.
No one's watching.
Let's do new things.
No one's watching.
All right.
So do you wanna give this one a shot, or do you wanna do something else?
Did you beat the level?
Yeah, I already beat the second stage.
Oh, you beat the second stage already?
I've got this, I've got this down!
I wasn't watching.
I know you weren't.
You were talking about Steve Urkel.
You know enough to know his first name.
That was, yeah, I know.
There was talking Urkel dolls...

[Part III]
I didn't do chable right here Oh chable
does to line up but that was the worst
no no a breath of fresh air or a brush
of fresh fresh of breath air and I'm so
sorry for pointing that out but I
thought it was too funny I usually don't
like to keep rich isms and in our videos
but that one was too good you cut out
the part where I immediately corrected
myself I absolute you keeping the
correcting that's not funny the only
reason I kept in fresh of breath air is
because we got to do our little quote
box that's the and so coming coming back
to a shuttle of Rome at oh um all right
let me up take this dream here
this is a game that I think doesn't get
enough love okay
eddo room okay comes up er they also the
only people live streaming shadow of
Rome right now alright casting I can
start this yes we are broadcasting
shadow of Rome third playing Joey maybe
odds ever be
over hell
I just I'm not drinking coffee and I'm
feeling a little yeah can't hear any of
the crowd noises they can but I can
they're doing right this is a a
gladiator game or at least part of its a
gladiator game we're playing the
gladiator parts the the crowd is a
factor in the gameplay it's like you're
trying to impress the crowd more so than
just winning okay like you get the crowd
really excited by doing different things
like they don't like you get so many
points we're just normally stabbing
somebody when you get like bless every
time you do it okay so to get the crowd
excited need to bury up your attacks and
do flashy things and when they're really
excited you can hold your hands up the
air and appeal to the crowd and they'll
throw you like health and weapons all
right so it's like it's like Tony Hawk
pro skater meets gladion yes and weird
things will get them going to like you
can start thinking where are we at
there's another one who's been a little
off since I played this oh there's just
saying the idea sounds like crap ah fuck
it one doesn't the audio you guys
fucking the idea is gonna be fun oh oh
you're playing it okay you're that guy
okay
yeah yeah hit him in the face
whoa can you play as that guy no that's
you know I need a weapon
whoo there you go oh that's not how you
get a weapon however you're going about
it you're doing it wrong session really
that you sold that Bigfoot I was sure
remove skeleton statue
oh my god weapon for me oh yeah oh
that's a cool I like those those are my
favorite kinds of weapons and games like
maces and clubs
I like bashing do you think the crowd
will like it that you're running away
and being a big pussy yeah I suck so
much I don't remember what he had the
buttons do there we go there on the
weather brings
oh you posted already yeah if you're
born with watching rich faileth this
game there are go to our YouTube channel
there already tell us they're already
swimming oh my god that guy's fucking
arm off doesn't matter I was watching
you yep gotta go to the YouTube channel
up side over to video go to the red
letter media dot YouTube / org slash
your again people want I'm meeting some
guy with a separate arm that's awesome
killed the crowd then they send me a big
fucking axe so someone brought that to
the arena apparently yes
someone brought that giant ass it's a
fucking video game I know I'm just I'm
just trying to get into logic where
someone was like oh if I really like a
guy I'm gonna throw him this axe that
seems have a good yeah we're gonna get
around to playing like Mario Kart we do
have an n64 here and I think what huh
someone sent us an incision oh that's
right it's in button in the box oh yeah
but I believe Josh wants to play that
we're waiting to work on Josh's schedule
because he wants to play some Goldeneye
and I wanna play some gold man with him
Oh rich you probably want to use some
pine resin it's resin that was a
something again from Dark Souls it gives
you Jay when's the next time lapse video
coming out you hack front do they mean
not including the one that just came out
they mean the next next one
um we're actually doing the time-lapse
of the stream right now in the room yeah
it'll be will be up after this actually
can I just have a bets actually I think
you would sound less of us sitting here
and getting up and sitting down yeah I
know it actually gave me got a funny
maybe we'll do that maybe we'll do that
yeah we could do that I could stick like
my GoPro time left and it will seem like
we don't move the entire time we move
around quite a bit so we'll just be lots
of City and oh this game is called
shadow of Rome and it's a gladiator game
or the Shivaya station to bring the
stream Oh
little team that up for me
I don't even know how
because you have a streaming channel on
a different incentive
yes that's how we do the Christmas
embrace tree so you from your channel
you could scream ending the hiya you're
here so here's what you would do you
would stream the video because everyone
keeps asking for like a face cam but you
would stream the video of us plan a
whole different thing yes it does look
like there are spikes and
do you think there will be any more we
love the worst episodes absolutely none
more you know I don't know how often
jack will be involved with them anymore
Jay's still mad because I broke the
wheel no not that I just know that you
hate the wheel SOS has convinced me oh
you would be up for another I would be
up for another wheel I'd be ready for
disappointment
that was real that was tough but but
yeah SOS oh my god you did you throw
ahead and they loved it that's great
yeah SOS is the thing that convinced me
that the wheel was worth doing
seeing that building with joy back to
lazy to help at the studio breakdown
absolutely
jack is actually in that time-lapse
video for life two seconds look hold up
the wall when he got here I did it came
to the studio and before I set up this
dream Jay asked me then basically if
somebody comes to the studio we will put
them to work yeah sure
oh is there any news on the UH narrable
best of the worst is it now or no one's
even touched it too busy with other
other stuff that we plan on posting
why you don't see Mike very much in the
new time-lapse
Alice I don't know Enzo is an idler yes
yes I did the Battle Royale
okay so now we treat elimination sure
oops um was asking about the curio rich
it's not it's not a bookshelf it's a
curio we it was on the very first we
broke it completely on the very first
half of the bag
if we just keep putting it back together
it is in horrible shape right now but
we're gonna continue to use it a couple
props and a bit on that set some very
beginning let me just keep airing it
okay so what do I do
terone the order that you know I'd have
the big mace okay what buttons do what
then
um just see the the by your health meter
up in the top is the the square and the
X down ones in different hand you'll
have one thing on one hand the other in
there okay hold that you hold it down
for a stronger attack those audio is
getting off come - Mike's too far away
from me maybe I don't know I don't know
it's all spawning people you know what
guys oh and lock-on is our one
first-person view which your everybody
uses are too narrow
I don't I think you're just just moving
but your wire locked I'm just moving
left or right gives you a quick burst at
first okay alright let's go oh I - you
just you just picked a weapon without
looking
you guys I did it
hey sit down Jack slam-bang they're
saying we'll get better audio if I sit
on your lap what how do you know I'm not
be more work forward an X that's like a
thrusting stab with them how do i lock
on again okay punch punch
oh there fuck you guys yeah ripped out
of the Grandpa shield okay oh oh oh my
oh my oh the games you like are weird
about this did you see what just
happened you just you just threw guy how
do I do this
zero pick it up and as you're a circle
with hammers call the truth oh fuck you
aero guys okay
so shield
ow ow ow really guys there fuck you fuck
you fuck you that I am not good at this
game run away did you stab him stab and
run away I what oh I can do that yeah
well I want to fucking do that buster
I don't care no oh
action Oh apparently I posted the wrong
video on the Facebook page
did you I just prepared that people
settle down everything will be okay now
the other side I don't know oh oh it's
on the other side we'll get down I have
to climb down low door I can't touch
jump if you get knocked off
oh no there was someone up there look
this game really huh you don't like
anything Jay I like a lot I like
everything
know what this is a bad game
what okay come here ladies bed Deena's
you don't know how to play it
come here lady pan there so lady Tita
Utah fuck you fuck you how do i do
things
fuck I'm just gonna hit you with my
shield three-hit fury Beach let's go
first strike chin attack domino effect
yeah yeah yeah it's like a plane no not
doom what's that quake it was quake was
there like killstreak murder murder look
fuck everything I need a thing Emma
thing you're terrible you're gonna die
well I mean sword sword sword how do I
kill him he was down why didn't I kill
him that's something I had him down I
won't take abuse forever huh sword sword
sword
I think the Crown's exciting enough you
can hit square our next together in hey
turkey beats squirty it's pretty didn't
your vet hand
turkey leg there go guess what I got I
got him I got him I got and oh uh oh I
just punched him in the nuts punching
the nuts keep doing that hey punch punch
oh good people like it when I punch em
in the nuts
punch in the Nats whippin trigger
guess what Beach my weapon now oh it did
it oh you you fucking you hold that down
you'll do a strong attack it'll probably
break one of the cards how fuck you you
big fuck oh fuck you fuck you fuck you
you don't like it when I kill this guy
yay now you like this game huh now you
like to get well murder is fun and punch
punch punch and punch oh I don't want to
do here March mesh game murder do the
crowd nope I'll take care this Biddy
first nope I'll end up triangle is too
full
oh my good girl weapon destroy it hey
don't take my cheese bitch my cheese
yeah she tried to take my cheese do some
more
you somewhere - okay hi I feel good
about this
all right let's go punch punch or is
this bitch come on
imma get you oh she's clever down okay
you honky Jesus Christ Erma she find you
this is violence no no that's fine is
offensive that was kind of Awesome oh
why are all these guys running get a
weapon okay you know what rich that's a
good idea what's this it's glazed yeah
yeah I got a Gladius yeah Oh Roman stab
punch Oh
what's happening if you're saying
anyplace oh my god you can do that too
oh yeah yeah
I just want to fight one at a time I
really wish it was slice wrath of the
gods
yeah murder murder kill streak I'm just
gonna say stuff guys sorry I'm a little
caffeinated right now
oh oh I did it during the battle that's
got to get me extra goodies pick it up -
oh sure danger you're doing that I get
it
what another weapon the yellow bar under
them I can't I can't do a wheeled uh no
I'm on there's certain weapons that are
like right-handed weapons and some that
are left in
get caught on my jam yeah get out here I
don't a triangle yeah I know what no
punches I mean I'm probably gonna die
probably good diet hey that's a mean
know what I mean that's just us it's
army a running joke of your life is not
a mean is it you're probably right I
don't know day the one that's in the
ground Oh want to murder them with my
fists that's good pick them back up to
murder him with my fists fatal blow then
do it
hey wait grow food bitches I mean food
oh no I need food holy Lord
wipe it kicks ass they're gonna drag it
behind you it's right again training I
would much rather have right hand
oh you're tired from holding that thing
is kinda my soul is dead do the heavy
attack and you were gonna cut somebody
in half oh there you go
each sculptor that's what I think
everybody holy the Lord Jesus
I approve why does the name of those
good shadow of Rome okay yeah this is
really violent alright alright you've
good the game has convinced me good job
everyone
I'll sing back needs food badly we had a
giant tub of cheese balls go eat though
that's coming no I I had dinner cuz it
was a joke because I'm skinny
oh the back should I've put on Allah got
a little out of control I was taking too
many cheat day
nya bad that'll happen but you lose the
weight and you're like I gotta have this
I can have the head over then you just
put it back on we'll be up against Tiger
virtual killing machines who want
nothing more than to dine on your flesh
nice
no I guess there's also somewhere in
this game and looking boss battle really
yeah I don't know we want to get out of
elephant and the guy who's writing it
okay look at my options here for okay
Gladius is a sword scimitar which is
like you can cut arms off easy but that
one but its weak okay
and here's this option a real man needs
no weapons that's right alright we're
going with it punch people to death oh
wait I'm fighting Tigers Oh
yeah oh you guys you get you get more
points for going in bare fisted roman
blitzkrieg yeah fuck you Tyger Tyger
Tyger Tyger shirtless yoga string you do
yoga Jay I don't do me honestly know
nothing about yoga what is the point of
anything stretching its just stretching
restricting you stretching another
exercise
I don't want to just sit there and
stretch I want to be moving I did
Cruelty to Animals whatever works they
do need to remake this game this is
wonderfully violent
yeah the controls are they feel a little
wonky and I'd like I would like like a
better combo indicator
well what kills this game of we're
skipping this is terrible student
section oh yeah that's like it's like a
third of the game but the arena stuff
the arena stuff seems really fun the
combat is not perfect it's it's it's a
different type of combat than your ultra
fluid button mash shoot got for stop
yeah oh yeah no got a gun for is like a
different but even like I don't know it
doesn't feel you need to know a little
bit about what you're doing it's a
little clunky but it's nice it's fun
people are saying yoga is relaxing I
don't want to relax
hey do whatever you want to do people
team bell but I think this one I'm sorry
for dissing yoga lobe is your thing we
we would like to apologize for our
controversial remarks about yoga can I
learn from this experience and grow and
develop as human beings together oh yeah
don't they have that kind of yoga that's
like Oh God where it's like yoga but
they turn up the thermostat so
everyone's that's there well that sounds
miss oh I don't want like you know what
I'm into guys I'm gonna get into really
exciting sir I just wanna do a little
heads up I'm into body weight
I do this thing where like I do
handstands and shit and it's awesome and
I have I made myself my little stool
area where I can hold myself up like a
gymnast that's what I do I'm in doing I
got I don't got any muscles because I
often skip days because I'm lazy but
when I workout then your head I'm part
of the glutes
they have to kill the other team statues
okay I've barely been paying attention
really dad
other than the violin part oh my lord
I got then shot view and dude
absolutely the best thing about yoga is
women who wear yoga pants
oh my god that's our opinions and that's
my opinions on you
thank you for that I I like I like to
think that I have a general sweatpants
rule which is you don't work sweatpants
when you're out in public
yes that's my study great so everyone
was likes that goes although the
Seinfeld or is knows in the Seinfeld
burg George's who are in sweatpants Gary
said so basically what you're saying to
the world is I give up yeah absolutely
20 points pajama pants I don't care if
you're just going like to the grocery
store to pick up some in your head and
right back
you don't wear sweatpants or pajama
pants in public no that's the rule no
yoga pants you wear them anywhere you
want
willow say I'm active yes sweatpants say
I'm lazy
no odd mutation even if you are a dad
with newborn kids you put on some video
store me you know what maybe we can make
an exception like let's say it's 4:00 in
the morning and you know like your
reward woken up and you need some papers
maybe but you know what even then
actually you know what I'm gonna say the
middle of the night it's okay to go out
with sweatpants I'm gonna say to in the
morning to 6:00 in the morning maybe
5:00 in the morning okay to go out and
swipe in between 2:00 in the morning and
5-minute yes
cuz that's when the crazies are out sure
and your appearance does not matter at
that time of day okay I'm gonna say
those hours it's acceptable for
sweatpants bottle oh listen if you are
jogging if you are out for a jog and
wearing sweatpants to Boston yeah that's
why sounds miserable yeah I don't know
what are sweatpants on your job you do
that
don't ya suppose that's but I'm saying
going out like if you are out in about
if you are running Erin yeah
then you do then you put on real pain
put on pants that fasten we are talking
about some issues and mr. semantics yoga
sweat pants this is what you get on the
street what else do we want to go let's
talk about 2% milk versus skim milk oh
fuck skim first of all buckskin and
here's here's the other thing my wife
used to work at a coffee shop and had an
employee who was British and the British
employee would ask if people wanted I
wanted Bo or full
that's oh I'm now really enjoy calling
it full o fat yeah like whole milk sure
full fat yeah that's a weird way to put
it yeah full fat full fat milk and on my
cheat days I enjoy the espresso drinks
and I always ask for me the table no
you're not
it's a common thing baristas I think
they use context okay yeah it's your
turn jack okay
sorry guys we have to stop this very
exciting keep up with the milk
discussion there's nothing to stop very
silly what almond milk it's good I like
almond milk rice milk I like all these
weird milks there guys rice milk okay
good
that's weird is that Millikan like if
you want to drink a glass of milk you
drink it um it's the own separate thing
but it's good I think that's weird okay
alright what do I talk to you to fight
the people oh I get a bow you want oh no
a real man needs no way check alright
that's what I want I'm gonna punch
people to death and this Jay talk like a
girl that's on like a girl hey I'm the
one with a guy pitch that maybe they
just mean I'm saying early things like I
like oh well you know big Roman Boston
oh that's I guess that's what you get
for started with no one yeah good I'm
say milk so much milk that's one of
those words that loses all meaning Lea
Seydoux absolutely fuck you fuck you
fuck you gonna punch you in the fucking
head get out of here
get out of here can I hit you with my
fist fist
oh I losing you're winning I don't know
weight of a weapon and stand him it's
the easy way from rich rich so we're
both the making
I'm gonna make wine out of your
testicles I know I'm all of us one Mike
wanted to annoy me I think I was still
living in Chicago area Mike was in town
and he wanted to make a movie I was like
come on rich we'll make a movie like I'm
a classic just point the camera and say
yeah I'm here put this on rich put this
on okay rich now you're the president of
space go know that he just say action
that's literally what would happen no
all right you get the movies where
they're heavily improvised but I at
least have an outline oh this is just
screwing around
yeah he was just in town that might be
better than what a giant okay yeah my
strategy so far is non-working my
strategy of running at him over and over
again can you hit him with the catapult
Elan been good at weapon Oh fucking
catapult he fucking threw a spear at me
that's that's of someone on the girl Oh
can't apply need rocks for the catechol
the only good thing about I'm gonna make
wine out of your testicles is the phrase
I'm gonna make wine out of your
testicles which was improper by me
yeah which is the only hey you got it
you got it
how do I do it yeah no I did it
hate him you would do it how do I do it
nope ah I don't think you did anything I
think it's still there
well I hit him yeah but James the
important party is thing bro
okay so now I can punch him into balls
I don't think it's reward next step now
kill kill murder
please excuse the crowd there you go oh
my I'll take battle leave or cheese rice
it's a strong attack well that one
that's really nice
so who do I kill now oh you gotta use
the Kempo who could do that door oh I
gotta put down my super weapon you can
pick it back up
sorry guys I gotta stop the fight to
load my key Apple oh I can't you can
again yeah Seward's ready yeah Oh
perhaps press a button yeah probably
this time I'm just gonna have found the
door and that's probably I'm supposed to
be right it's like yeah okay great I had
a deer testicle
I'm just catching up on that
conversation now it is a great phrase
all right
damn I think all right I named the
jimmy-jam Jimmy Jam er
Oh Jimmy Jam er I will I'm out of then
to her oh fuck hold the X down lift off
hey you know how oh fuck you
fuck you fuck you
oh that's great give me Jam cheese I
will take nine cheese and died whilst
eating it
don't take my big all the gun I hate the
Spears oh oh yeah he's got range on you
well fuck it I'll kill this motherfucker
one-armed motherfucker stop blocking my
attacks that's improbable and oh we're
dead okay what key
well a guy talking about a vest of a
person dinosaur it's very possible like
that idea we have oh there's what we
have Tammy and don't not a minute
he's Richards we have Theodore Rex would
be gold yes we've got a couple dinosaur
movies I don't remember what else we
have
oh we have adventures and dinosaurs city
I don't know what that is it looks like
a bad kids movie
punch punch punch punch and punch some
more that's my strategy I punch people
and then I punch them more listen I'm
gonna go stab him in the fucking throat
yay throat he's mean and a bunch of
garbage
oh I'm losing the crowd losing the crowd
fuck you crowd I'm gonna die I don't
know how to beat him here how about this
thrown us through a sword and boom get
attention I am great oh fuck oh fuck I'm
fine Oh a thing nope oh oh they keep
stabbing me that's my canvas yeah fuck
you fuck you fuck you and fuck you fuck
everyone oh why am I not dead I would
assume I'm dead oh oh my god you sent
adventures and dinosaur City is industry
man he also sent Wow oh this the Mena's
dinosaur hunter which I forgot that we
had so is that a thing that's a movie
Dennis the Menace dinosaur hunter thank
you for sending that to us bug and not
one thank you for having such a clean
concise username
orga
I apologize if you heard that / why
convert well because I'm decent
yeah yeah you put all nonsense all right
back on the game here do I kill talking
about things stuff we do people what bad
dinosaur movies I'm sure there's others
we probably have more out there I think
we have karna soar which I've never seen
but I have a feeling it's not I remember
everything bad well it's like a law
bringing them together Roger Corman
movie but I doubt it be terribly bad I
haven't seen it but I don't know be more
wok wait well you know I wasn't thinking
when I set up
the addition of this very helpful bus
I'm into this extra fat on a cruisee
witness said that Escape from New York
is terribad wow you're a crazy person
they live and escape from New Yorker
you're definitely to my favorite John
Carpenter movies but escape from New
York might be one of my favorite movies
period yeah it doesn't work it's a lame
action movie the action in that movie is
not the best and there's very little of
it but the premise is awesome Kurt
Russell's great cinematography and the
movement of the movie is wonderful
that's one of those that would be
considered a theme yeah not a bad movie
but a movie with a smaller budget but
well does the best it can with its
budget I always bring out there's a
great part in that movie showing a prime
example of a way to work around your low
budget in a creative way is that there's
the terrorists that have hijacked the
plane with the president is on and they
crash it into the building we see the
plane in the sky and then we see the
people that are watching the situation
they're watching a monitor there's a
graphic that is tracking the plane but
right when the plane is about to hit the
building that cuts to that graphic
either graphic hit the building because
they can't film the plane running into a
building right because they don't have
the budget so they show this graphic
that's a really creative use of their
low budget and the soundtrack the John
Carpenter's pours fantastic every New
York is a great movie yeah hey from LA
is terrible movie I want to like and
I've watched many times because I really
really wanted to be good and it just
isn't the ending is great done I've
never seen no it's it's kind of
embarrassing it's really it has some
good qualities I mean Kurt Russell's
grated the ending really is
the whole middle chunk of that move
I think Kurt Russell has been downhill
since I liked overview I've never seen
him my dad likes overboard I've never
seen a-- overboard he's a dad
Woodhouse Road house is amazing you just
said Road house that was rock buddy
Oh Road house is great I need to rewatch
that I haven't seen its best
you took my weapon fucker
beaver the beaver says that he had this
message typed out and the cat was
glitching but he wanted to let us know
that we suck at bringing up girls
yes yes that is true
thank you sue me that's related to the
mosquito game right captain Ron what
about Captain Kirk on I think I saw that
in the Peter oh I think that was a dad
cuz my dad like Colonel so because of
movies like overboard so I think he took
me just I don't know that Martin Short
isn't he in that I don't remember
anything
here's what you need to know about Kurt
Russell that man gives 100% he's great I
want Kurt Russell no matter what he does
he is given it 100% there's a really
great photo if you're a fan of the young
carpenter Kurt Russell movies Squire
magazine there's an article about him
recently where they reunited up and they
took some photos there's a really great
photo of Russell with his arm around
John Carpenter the last couple years
Kurt Russell was just laughing his head
off
I'm carpenter looks miserable because
he's a grumpy old man that's a really
really great photo I want to say it's
Esquire but I couldn't be wrong oh
what's up baby Empire
it's amazing to begin with and I didn't
know what Esquire is that's probably not
a magazine that would interview Kurt
Russell and John Carpenter yeah baby
that's like a isn't that like a Benz
shyam know I'd cigar-smoking listen to
commentary tracks for the the John
Carpenter Kurt Russell movie they're the
best especially uh Big Trouble in Little
China where they just talk about their
kids the whole time Empire and John
Carpenter keeps bringing up Captain Ron
to make fun of Kurt Russell oh yeah
those two did great commentary tracks
together I wish that they would do this
is the thing about escape from
it's not good but I really really want
to know a lot more about the making up
but no one cares about that movie and it
sucks so that's never gonna get any sort
of special edition treatment I would
love to hear a commentary track about
that maybe they'll do it like it's part
of a bundle the screen factory oldies
huh that's right up their alley
they're saying Empire online Empire
that's it oh yeah someone weak to live
yeah yeah Thank You PLAs thank you very
much the wonderful photo photo it'll
warm your heart if you're a fan of it
oh you know what that's a good question
what are what are your thoughts on the
use of the will help um at this point
it's distracting yeah cuz everybody
knows it um the general audience
probably doesn't know but I'm like that
I'm like that with a lot of sound
effects now because obvious so many
libraries they're like most people would
notice the sound effect that the curl
and eschar we call it now the breaking
sound effect if that's a general movie
most audience members will not notice it
but of course I do so um but the will
home cream especially hands out to me I
mean they filmmakers use it as an inside
joke now but I find it distracting well
you know if it's in something like a
comedy and you hear the Wilhelm scream
fine oh sure yeah but like I know it's
an all the Lord of the Rings movies like
when I hear in something like that it
gets me out of the movie for just a
second absolutely thank you there is a
great rap song about the will Holmes
it's better I think it's called that
calls for a Wilhelm scream you can
probably find out music
Hey
yeah he did get points for killing the
crowd yes I'm sure guardians of the
galaxy will have a will and I'm sure it
well there isn't someone says that it
does well it's like he seems like the
kind of filmmaker and that seems like
the kind of group yeah the movie like
bad at least based on what I've seen
from the trailers and stuff it wouldn't
bother me as much cuz it's a career
goofy comedy I don't know yeah but I did
hear the other day because there was
some sort of light on a minute preview
with guardians of the galaxy the planes
come Peter oh yeah there's some reason
if you had to fight it gets forward
typically or Y but in that 20 minutes
that they showed confirm that Lloyd
Kaufman froma does have a cameo in it oh
I think it's great that James got and
keeps Malik often that's the guy they
gave him to start I think that's me
yeah and if it's a big is the Marvel
movie weight Kaufman is gonna show up in
it this woman has no arms left she's
still trying to kick me that's the kind
of video game that needs to be made it
was
do you think a site like Rotten Tomatoes
is reliable for movie review
well just the collection of movie
reviews
no I don't know yes hey if you're
looking for just a general consensus I
mean it's fine I would never say you're
wrong about your opinion in this movie
because Rotten Tomatoes has an 80%
approval like I don't care about any of
that I got something that a lot of
people don't understand about critics in
general yeah is you have to if if you're
looking for entertainment there are
critics who entertain em or if you are
looking for actual like should I go see
a movie
you need to find the critic that is most
like you and there are some critics that
you will disagree with and then don't
watch that critic well I like to read
reviews that I don't agree with sure
Ebert I didn't agree with all the time
but I thought he was well-spoken and oh
sure but if you were making a decision
on whether you should see a movie or not
you wouldn't go to Eber no I know
actually I don't know if I would go to
any critic yeah yeah there was never
anyone where it's like I'm on the fence
about this movie what is so-and-so think
okay I wasn't have never really been
like that okay that's fine there are
certain people who I I am not sure if I
want to go out and spend my money hey
like I will check with them because I
have found that I agree with Sir
yeah I don't know if there's ever been a
critic where I would say I agree with
that most of the time I I read if I read
a review from somebody specifically it's
usually because I like their point of
view not necessarily did I agree with
them or not okay I liked Ebert a lot but
man his blue velvet review drove me nuts
blue velvet damn brilliant I just
watched the documentary about him life
itself it's called I highly recommend it
if you want to feel sad all day it
focused a lot I wasn't expecting it but
I didn't even know they started filming
it before you died so focuses they
started filming it during the last few
months of his life so a lot of it is
focused on him Hospital in going through
physical therapy and getting out of the
hospital than going back into it like
that's sort of the framing device a
better thing and then they'll have
segments that show you know growing up
for him getting the show but it keeps
coming back to him shortly before he
died and it's it's tough to watch
because he did not look good but it's a
very very good movie it'll make you sad
all day
Oh Naver and like movie the creepiest
thing in the documentary they interview
in Cisco's wife and her jig Cisco's
Widow yeah and she looks like email Gene
Siskel really weird actually it looks
like it like his sister or something
like yeah you're absolutely right
blue velvet is objectively the best
movie since I skate for Millie the best
movie since escaping relate a nice part
about that is that I think you know of
course keep him alive but I liked it
that's fine I liked it it was a funny
joke
okay from a lake right yeah I'm at that
movie which was awesome I wish there was
more 80s John Carpenter movies for me to
discover I've seen them all
I wish there was new ones that I hadn't
seen and I love the movies even he had a
stretch everything was oh sure no he had
had a big imagination and just the right
amount of budget usually not quite
enough but he still made it work but
that's why it was just the right amount
cuz if he had a little bit more who he
could have he could have did the
strength he had just the right amount
and he just pick up a yeah this is a
boss fight and he's fighting you with a
pillar this is this is fun this is a by
the way for when we I think I think
we'll sell that for some dynasty
Warriors this is a good a great segue
into bathroom okay but giant people with
giant weapons killing not it you know
not as much blood taking this hassle
run stream just say do and his david
lynch's best film and that's the one
everybody hates I think my pitch is it I
don't know sometimes it's not like
notoriously bad I don't think it's just
not good sarcasm is hardly eggs in text
very sure maybe they're trying to be fun
might have been trying to make I get
worked up when we talk about David Lynch
though
oh yeah this I just watched everything
springs into and I just watch story
I just watched ugh Giada Ross Keys doom
the documentary about the unmade
Alejandro Jodorowsky version of doing oh
yeah it's very good that's it I wish it
was longer and I wish it showed more of
the contrast between crazy imaginative
brazilian filmmaker and he traditional
studio executives he probably thought
you think it doesn't focus on much on
that it's more about his creative
process and I believe the team and you
wanted to make them but it's good even
the people that agreed to do it like
employed was gonna do the score
get Mick Jagger involved in a judo here
all these great actors and HR Giger um
doing the designs along with some other
great artists so this is
amazing movie that doesn't mean
hopefully guys were here all that
clicking there is lots of clicking and
shaky
nice three play with you I like reading
screenplays I used to kind of collect
screenplays I buy like the published
book oh sure since I've done that long
find that I enjoy every I enjoy reading
scripts at movies I like because I like
see they write
don't think anyone can do
Hey
now you can review it as a piece of
writing like it's a very specific thing
you know where it's like it's just the
it's the script ISM look I'd be more
interested in reading scripts to movies
that were never made
well yeah like something that was in the
works in foil reason fell apart
yeah Kevin Smith super script is out Oh
is fake script that they make with the
intention of being leaked that happened
supposedly maybe that's been debunked
but I had heard that the studio
intentionally leaked a Batman vs
Superman scripts they Kevin Smith wrote
no no this is I mean the Owen he
actually did write it when he actually
did writers oh I haven't heard that I
didn't know that was a bad boy it's
barely when I could it's the one thing
it's exactly what you would expect it's
actually a very kind of standard good
man story like it place very standard
it's very bland and interesting and
nothing Kevin's though I didn't get me
hey it beated the boss yeah the one with
the giant spider well with the giant
spider and Superman wearing a non
Superman suit the one the one that he
talks about oh my god give me the one
that he talks about in his story
Superman it's a mecha didn't go to
here's a website there's a website
dedicated to his actions oh yeah there's
one I used to check out it long long
time ago I remember what it's called it
probably doesn't it's cool goggle it
just giggling okay and yes rich beated
the boss so you wanna do dynasty
warriors or do you want do more this
what do you wonder yeah let's take a
little break II you're gonna run a
commercial and then we're gonna come
back with dynasty warriors dinosaur
warriors dinosaur warriors right I'd
rather play yeah good hey Mario
you are audio hey commercial

[Part IV]
stop Richards gonna play this for a
little bit longer and so you're just
gonna watch him he's gonna beat this one
and then we'll switch over to dynasty
or astonished if
alright now maybe it's over there coming
on
over there
I'm just in time for the Chen
stop playing games and finish space cop
yeah working on finally secured of Asia
today that's been kind of a pain oh wait
how did you
yeah all right yeah Jesse said you were
here looking at stuff yeah okay
that's good you heard it here first they
secured and I secured a location that we
haven't shot at yet believe us no one
wishes we were done with space cop more
than us
they go home yes
I did and wants to desperately I want to
sugar J this was rich
to play shadows of Rome and it's pretty
awesome I'll tell you that it seems like
it I see in the chat much like dynasty
warriors it seems like it would get
repetitive very easily um but it's
pretty awesome
it's a you get to beat people into blood
polls and any game where you get to do
that I think is a good game if it
weren't for and get rewarded for
yeah you should take him to the old bean
factory by the way I desperately tried
to find the old bean factory when I was
in California recently I did all sorts
of research to join it because the
episode hadn't gone up at that point I
thought it'd be great if get a little
bit in the video or I go to the old bean
factory but I could not find it how
would you even know where that was shot
well they think they don't give
directions in the movie no one ever says
where it is but they say it's off of the
big there stayed room 101 or something
like that but I I tried I tried I really
wanted to find the old via Factory
so I won no get Frank Stallone on the
phone was he even at the old me but yeah
okay he'll be in victory
there's the buff since the last five
minutes ago so you'll be back agents are
monkeys
okay Mabel they kind of look like
goblins
Oh John Q oh yes we we absolutely know
we need a few more new key tapes so send
us all the new key things you can yes
whew just a couple more guys just a
couple more new key tapes and we'll be
ready for our ever again
as anyone in the street you have any of
you see because I saw it years ago when
it first came out on video
would have been like 11 or 12 and it may
be the first movie that I enjoyed in way
that we enjoy now watching bad movies ah
as I watched it with my friend Jason and
I remember we were laughing so loud we
kept rewinding it a certain scene and my
mom came in the room and told us to keep
it down funniest thing if anyone in the
stream has seen the movie is dancing I
haven't seen the movie since I was a kid
I don't know if it holds up as being
funny but the part where new he dances
and we could not stop laughing but we
have a very exciting idea with the new
people open hoping we do that at some
point the new key idea but we need a
couple more new it's a glorious idea
fucking awful brain idea and that way
you guys just kind of like gonna be
great it's gonna be great I think it's
gonna be very it's gonna be great we've
been through this yeah are you walking
into the pledge you dumbass because
they're dumbasses
gonna die and it's not my fault those
two oh that's terrible
so we mention the Garbage Pail Kids
movie we have plans for that too I am a
big fan of the Garbage Pail Kids movie
probably the only person who is I
actually bought it on all right back
before torrents were a thing I bought a
VHS of it on eBay in like 2001 2002
alright back when we were making Girl
Interrupted was shortly after I got it
and there's the the song in the movie
though we can do anything but were key
with each other
and we wanted to have a musical number
and gorilla interrupted using that song
cuz they're like this this represents
the entire shoot of course we didn't do
it with the other controller because we
can play two player now alright I
watched you guys fail
have you seen it since very kid though
no okay it is one of the worst things
ever made
to the point they tore those like
fascinating things were here as you're
watching it you you're wondering what
they could possibly have been thinking
the entire movie oh I'm so excited I
think it's fantastic I liked it when I
was a kid because I like the garbageman
absolutely ie I liked it as a kid I did
like the Garbage Pail Kids but I think
even as a kid I understood that it was
completely fucked up the movie play new
games
reject the fucking game oh yeah that's
DualShock motherfucker
I can feel it Oh in handy tonight what
is wrong with you
come on nothing's wrong with me rocking
out it
motherfuckin me Collins motherfucker
good want to watch the greatest sequence
in television history ever oh there's a
history from Miami Vice with that in the
air tonight analysis it's the sequence
from the Miami Vice pilot and it's just
an extended sequence that plays almost
the entirety of in the air tonight by
Phil Collins oh yeah it's awesome
I don't think I've ever seen an episode
of Miami Vice or seen it it on Netflix
it's like Michael Mann was responsible
for the original show was Wells deep you
reboot a movie which I haven't seen
either and I just look Phil Collen yeah
I hope that's fine who Collins is fine
fine new new Phil Collins you're fine
their name
oh my god
reconnecting dynasty warriors time yeah
rich can get cranky I do I need yeah I
should not have had coffee this late I
was gonna have coffee earlier and then I
had beer instead which i think is a good
toy supposed to go the other way you
drink coffee first and then you you have
beer first and then coffee because then
you can uh you can not be sleep Oh beer
makes me see oh sure okay yeah yeah okay
okay okay I've returned rich has
returned from that place which is where
I went yes do it dog do it start this
without saving I guess do it what
well I'm fixing the thing the thing is
not fixed the thing is not fixed yet
who's alright oh he's the hostess yogi
show Oh someone wants to know how hairy
his arms are um I didn't notice them
being ordinate lee haeri
as your answer it looks like arms they
look like art oh here we go
well guys I would I be having another
cat allergy I wouldn't you cuz they know
that you had get allergy attacks right
do something weird always look Thank You
warriors okay it's clear that you have
something on it it gotta sell me on its
it's like the game we were playing
before instead of instead of facing like
one or four guys you're facing hundreds
so it's like a button measure yeah it's
a button mashing channel channel of rope
is not a button right this is the sun's
entirely different it's very different
alright oh yeah oh that way I have to
update them oh my god I miss the war
where's at Fox
clucks at flocks oh my god you know caps
locks yeah
mm-hmm ex lost his money
I've lost my mind musu so what are we
doing um Oh mister mister you can play
two players you can play two players
together or are only versus together
buzu subbu soon maybe I don't know I
don't know I never played the fine
differences the first dynasty Warriors
anything I've ever touched oh yeah okay
it's a picky dude or lady pick your dude
or lady none of them I can't tell all
right this guy has a big Club which is
nice but this guy has a big ax okay
what did you pick this so I took a big
sword hi then I'm gonna pick a big X we
can sex big effects next set so much
coffee looks yeah I probably need coffee
oh I've been pretty quiet then I kind of
been playing a lot of games yeah I get
quiet when I play a game yeah this is
why I don't solo stream I know people
have asked me rich boy you got a solo
stream did you uh did you hear a fucking
peep out of me during the shadow of Rome
no you didn't that is why I don't stream
games myself rich did not weigh in in
our milk discussion hardly at all oh I
know the important discussions about
meals I did express a strong opinion
regarding skin there was a band in high
school there's a band from a different
high school that were called milk milk
Mel because I know it's all people
pronounce milk M LK and the evila Queens
milk and evil acquaintances they were a
ska band Oh milk
Hulk mom Oh school did they were too
cheap for okay they were drinking malt
okay so what a fire what is as you go on
you cannot even get new and better
weapons but right now yeah all right you
can set you can't bother guys cuz you're
you know you're like in general all
right all right okay so now you can do
the same thing we're doing equipment
equipment do it
sure I have two questions Team Fortress
2 questions I made engineering medic I'm
also good with soldier a bit I think
everyone's kind of go to the soldier I'm
not good with the scout so I have very
little scout and very little and I play
tf2 a lot I haven't been playing the
last couple weeks because I have work to
do like a sucker yeah all right start
yeah well so this tells us how we win so
if you see we're the green triangle
right all right and our dudes are the
blue dudes inside the castle and that
red dudes are coming to get us
so we need to kill red dude we need to
kill already all right so simple enough
so far well and then so you have to keep
paying attention to the map because
you'll see like red dudes are taking
over an area but then you need to go in
all right so here's a question yeah what
was your first video game either of you
so old I don't Oh
it may have been either pack Manor pong
mine was probably Frogger that's hard
sanitary
either Frogger or they have jump like
the Junko on telling these my guys are
these desert yoke the bad guys have
helped our zone pitfall Frogger pitfall
it fall yeah I love pitfall there and I
seen burden of Dreams yes I have it's
been a very long time there release
deadly gun fires oh okay well you can
also take
and that's a thing first what is the
circle char gave me something like it's
like oh that's your yeah that's a super
attack in terms of super size well okay
things happening you flaming hideous hey
this is kills him oh I'm not sold yet
jack yeah well that's fine I wasn't sold
at first either I'm on a horse though
you kill all the right people
okay I just had a big bandage that's
good I should be
oh fuck
Big Daddy's head like they're surrounded
by guys everybody's like what I have
hey Kevin you get a areas
yeah cuz on cuz I was doing yeah oh
thanks oh and I might even get a horse
really fine oh yeah they are no time for
being light kilo steel Africa oh I'm
totally gonna die and so if we both
press our super buttons one right next
to each other we do like a pretty duper
gonna die I'm gonna die kill it kill it
kill em yeah
Peralta do dilip I know I do that oh
sorry oh I don't know what I'm doing
yeah that's pressure any pots I need
right now because or no you know it
needs meats people driving me but but
are you pressing to stop time circle
button my just is this for me yeah yeah
do you see the yellow bar underneath
your help yeah that's your super to do
aha
and when your super-dee-duper vine does
then you can start time how does it glow
being like mine what makes it glow
that's okay I'm gonna do why my mana is
losing his mind it's true I need some
help gonna die I think I got it I think
so
and so yeah it's really important that
we kind of like there are way too many
right guys looks like this yeah but the
red guys are coming at me alright kill
the red guys they're in I know yeah well
we need to oh yeah dumpling I got a
fucking Dublin on backing it back in it
fucks I'm gonna kill some
okay they kind of feel like cuz I got a
dumpling motherfucking dumpling
get off my I'm gonna get off I'm trying
to get in the sport to kill guys in the
sport I can't get I can't find a goddamn
place to get in get in the fourth where
oh did you ring Skelton yeah can we beat
every every gun that's the point of it
beat me buddy uh we had he made years
ago we have to go but the things that a
years old thing
it is now feels like it the thing is you
know if we keep doing it eventually get
to a point that's that's how the
internet works right if you just keep
doing something over and over and over
it's funny it gets funny absolutely and
not figure someone annoying
absolutely I'm standing over here by a
jar you said oh no I got I got dumplings
I'm fine there's shit in jars give me
you crack the jars again shit yeah so
I'm good with the GAR shit a chance the
grumps tonight oh it's true make sure
your grub is done this special I think
y'all just need to shut up okay
I just want to get inside before I can't
get inside well go to where the red news
I'm trying to let it go to then we gotta
get in there maybe tried getting in
there uh yeah um this wall looking for a
fucking entrance and the rain and
entrance into the fourth we'll get in
there I we've gone over this twice our
my in there man getting me hug in the
fight against fight that's literally
impossible
you go to where they're in a go though
the red dudes are in the LEDs although
this make sense
the things I'm saying make sense oh that
dudes is the elevate dumpling dumpling
gives you how bottom you oh that's a
good question I'm on top okay
rich is on the top screen so riches of
riches atop and Jack is a bottom like
gazing it's true dude suits plywood
dudes why we do oh the Canon films
documentary I like aw fuck yeah I'm so
excited about that there's a documentary
about Campbell films being made that
sounds awesome
I am very very much looking forward to
that
I would say I hope they interview the
exterminator but I think he's passed
away
rubber Ginty loony dad I've heard this I
want to say we looked into and use Oh
rest in peace
he's Robert
the man with the baby
somehow it's supposed to be an action
there's so many good you know what you
gonna do get a dime for every time I
heard that yeah you'd have at least five
dimes cuz I said it five times today
yep
that's kind of the fun on this game you
know like here you're surrounded by a
hundred years he's gotta get he
discussed our whacking dudes oh my god
oh yeah trying find out yourself yeah no
I've gotta stop now
that was on purpose that was a joke Oh
jokey joke well I think I think it works
this game is all squared
all I'm doing the spirit squares can see
you're trying to press we turn first
triangle
bad things happen I don't know that I
like it jack oh well that's okay it's
not very this is quintessential button
masher absolutely button mash
hack-and-slash
let's get worried did you type eggs -
that was bad
yeah X does not - I know I just want to
say - down
yeah younger down ya know like like I
said this is just one of those games
that is utter find this non summary and
I you know I'm ok with it because I want
it this might have been like one of the
very first ps2 games that I had maybe
it's just like closed yeah
Hey oh yeah if you see another beautiful
big weapon oh oh I'm at an enemy school
I'm dead oh you guys all right I know
that means what means you're losing
weight both Lucia oh that's not good you
fucked up fucked up good night l didn't
see this is gonna be it it tells what
happen like this is where we win that is
how you died but you know what happened
cuz it just happened yeah but make it so
it's watching you watched it happen live
you really nostalgic for something that
just happened well yeah I think the idea
is like to learn from your mistakes
okay our morale was doing great I know
my mistake is playing this okay you can
you could present for this one all you
have to do is hit fun
I know that sounds fun uh-huh no fun I
know it doesn't sound fun at all
uh-huh if by not sound fun you mean
super fun all the time or then you're
absolutely right
oh the fleshlight joke or a true story
no the fleshlight thing really happened
because if the story is there's a
reference to fleshlight in i tannic
review where Mike called the fleshlight
like tech support line about the name
porn star
he called and said that any remember you
guys know you saw the video but whatever
we were complaining about it and then
fleshlight because we've mentioned their
products sent those flashlights they
send us the decompress Ligue 1 and they
send us the avatar 1 it's like a weird
avatar alien flashlight and they sent us
those for free so we have these
flashlights just sort of hanging out of
the studio now what's the best of my
knowledge they've never been used by
anyone um well yeah we thought it'd be
funny the night we got that set up a
photo wearing Philly cheese dog in front
of them but yeah that was flesh lights
way of thinking us I guess for
mentioning for product yeah well cuz
well the whole point of this game is
that kind of recreates famous historical
battles you know like I think Moosa mode
if you just kind of followed whoever's
already
dori things so this is a famous oh no
well I don't think one person killed
this many other period of course it is
in it together
Hey put it back you crazy
what people are saying you should
definitely use the flashlight because
it's free oh that's that's a chance
reveal the flashlight yeah I've heard a
good thing I have I have an old school
model a fleshlight yeah you know you
know what Jacqueline wish lights don't
get headaches
very hard hi I'm hello I'm by the blur
everything's a blur
yeah everything absolutely this is this
one's like there's a lot of a the fog of
the war you know like they couldn't read
their passed out from oh you don't know
Oh kicked you in the fuckin head that's
what my guy does keep people in Oh what
is this unmake fuck awakes I couldn't
see the leg because in the fog of war
okay and I'll just kill motherfuckers
hahaha
giving a look bought her a horse
if you must there I gotta make my god
just has us I can't write the horse Jack
why not
I don't want let me write the horse is
it do down the horse first cuz he can't
ride the horse when there's a dude on
the horse don't do it on the horse like
she's a fucking invisible the worst
kicked me off uh yeah they could do that
why but clothes cuz it's not your horse
they don't like you well then you can
kill somebody who take their words you
kiddin I'll leave this did you kill him
do it or did you just take a horse it's
just sitting there
listen nobody's using the worst
this isn't this a gamer has a complex
who is that okay course squares huh oh
did you press play
yeah I defeated an officer til the
person asking about patrol - episode of
half and the baggage should be working
again now did that it was not working
for a while but it's back now yeah
everyone that one in the Captain America
episode was down but could be back now
as well these things happening it should
be fixed at the moment without of our
controllers yeah
all we can do is say hey take this video
work again here's something and then
these sometimes sometimes they don't
it's got a hunker down oh who knew there
was a video game reference buzzer he'll
win fight some dudes this game is stupid
yeah the absolutely by the way yeah I I
can cover this game is absolutely stupid
but I don't know what it is I just love
how dumb it is I love that I love this
just how's that you yeah hey okay let's
go up here these dudes coming up here
and then it stopped fucking shut it down
boo boo oh here we go the game captain
this one once you kill the game Anthony
st. Georg this doesn't matter okay well
hey hey get back
that's it you with it okay that needs
some Downers I agree I've my daughters
Jack's gone crazy down urine debbie
downer
that's what you are get off my lawn
that's what I say you asshole he's fun
crazy oh he's got mad phones he's gone
mad
where's that from something you liked it
right mad folks gone mad
realm
and the lieutenant commanders forces
been destroyed okay little murder murder
dad I just googled the navi flashlight
and now I want to throw up oh yeah it's
you know I guess everyone has their
thing
I'm sure I can bring in the room right
now if you want to see it rich yeah
right well there when they showed up
okay is it any different than I mean
it's just absolutely it's it's an
audience it's full it's got your looking
junk yeah it's got like what
it's just shaping weird it's it's not
shaped like a human right now what I
know I don't know if you want me to
bring it into the room right now just
I'm gonna go get it you know everyone
has their own it doesn't really really
doesn't matter can we just because it's
like specific to them now it's not just
like alien vagina
if you with must've you guys fucking
alright we need to kill you
you like our just stick come from and
I'm gonna do my best
yeah yeah yeah I touch it oh you guys
okay oh this is like look gross yeah
thanks for showing me now I feel awful
okay what we're doing you smashed it
into the 15 oh I'm sorry I broke your
you broke the amateur foolish I broke
your rear now it's our flashlight this
is sure taking a weird turn don't play
some games yep follow why to do let's do
one more on this
that's us we can get the gun go huh Wow
what's the hour
well although Gunray mooses have it's
Charlie okay okay I'm with it it's got
the single best opening song but he gave
okay oh is that what you guys want I'm
now be fleshlight emoticon press the
button pressed upon Brad the button hey
I think you don't want my issue with
flashlights in general would be is just
you know like I can only imagine to
clean up the gross you know we were
looking at the instructions for when
they showed up and it's a whole involved
process
yeah we don't mean it's good you know
you should well you should clean it of
course later use it but it just seems
like way more hassle than it's worth
let's go all right battle on who loved
gates this is like it's like learning I
have to hit the square by not learning
JQ we're learning about the history of
feudal China no I'm not
oh hey thanks to them and learn about
history through the dishwasher I don't
think I think if you're going to you
should make sure that it's just in the
dishwasher by itself yeah I mean I know
like everything gets clean
but I wouldn't sir probably you know
there's probably some sort of setting a
guy who's that
yeah purple geyser thing that's
why did you just standing there same
jerk no he's an addict I don't see
anybody to fight at this blue blips on
the radar line
oh you're going after red but a bunch of
regulars but I'm wearing red no red
ladies always Hanna me no matter what
your oh this is exciting Jay you are the
fourth photo Google Image for Navi
fleshlight who saw them put on me eating
the the chili cheese dog apparently
shows up back there is nice journey what
you're welcome fleshlight I got that
Gopal I got that going for
what box I don't want that box yeah I
got a box
you hope
get out of here get your back on
hey dumpling stoyan that one inna more
fleshlight you know they probably exist
they did have zombie flashlights I felt
like like yeah like there are some
flashlights
I don't know that seemed a little too
much for me Oh down dorky it takes all
kinds just that's the first thing we
have to do first thing we should do is
take care of like this crazy I'll knock
you down the mat yeah where you going
hey what's happening here we go
what are their objectives other than
just killing everyone yeah what are we
trying to stop them from doing exactly I
don't know
Oh super to do my glitter the guys
disappear when they're two feet from
can't believe just looks like a
Playstation one yeah
enough uncle flashlight they have those
yeah okay but see that's maybe sensitive
that's it yeah that makes it people have
sex with four holes all the time but
this person was saying that they would
like that I'm lyin ro it does exist so
if you want one go to close like calm or
whatever the works like this nothing
paid the sponsor don't know no I wish we
were white wine I went up we're gonna
flush like sponsorship
flashlight you could fuck a pothole dun
dun
he's your soups
hey you soups you can't you do that your
soups you get to where's your soup stock
it's too late this chili Jesus it's too
fucking late
what this is the chili dog dog what I
don't know and these games are popular
yes very
alright link applied if you want to hear
my let's do one exaggerating things
we'll do one more
I'm not I'm not thrilled you're not
there that's fine that's okay it's fine
it's fine
everything's fine we're all fine
everything's fine how are you your
fucking game already we played like this
is number three dog yeah you've been out
fair number last week it was mostly well
how long do you play the shovel knight
shovel knight okay that for a couple
hours and ductility of that house was
two games we can play a stage if them
yeah they're pretty sure sure yeah I'm
movin on Rich's unimpressed with Dynasty
Warriors that I think you what is this
written thing dynasty Warriors what's
the what what is the stream thing what's
the consensus I know I mean what do you
think of dynasty Warriors I'm sure
there's people gonna be like a fucking
board and then there's people are gonna
be like playing all night that's what
the stream things
but so that's what you'll get by the way
this is what I was talking about with
the news building I ruin word ah looking
for my real Warriors will be that but we
Zelda characters or do that
I even because I you're like advance to
decker1 am allowed like things people
can can disagree without hate violence
oh you're talking crazy talk rich it's
almost like we're two different people
with different life experiences at the
shapes our opinions but you respect
other people's opinions absolutely I
might not agree with them yeah they are
free to have those there's a very
interesting concept that you're
discussing right I know it's so weird
for people in there yeah that's cool

[Part V]
these are real
okay I'm not listening would you say
stop with
bitch you suck where I'd say to deserve
this
a lot of people do sunny things
your nose no that's the sequel do we
want to skip cutscene e-type suffer yeah
I do like cowboy bebop I haven't seen
much of cowboy bebop but I enjoy the
style of well I haven't seen it but I'm
pretty sure it's the same guy who did
this song oh okay oh yeah that's
definitely not Erica Muppets okay with
the cartoons in general very keep
hearing about it yeah it's like you know
it's it's pretty standard as far as
anime is concerned where it's in the
future but it's also the Old West and
and spike who spike is the name of the
main character and he knows karate and
he's better at karate than him
Louise it has a spaceship okay in the
dark I scratch again white karate
he fights goddess isn't I don't know
what that means it fights karate with a
gun and he's really good at is it an
overarching story then or is it just fun
a non-related episode of misadventures
adventure with an overarching sorry no
and I I just want to see people are
gonna gonna shit themselves with them
already it's more than a cartoon Jack no
it's not it's a fucking cartoon with
it's a good cartoon but it's still
cartoon it's an animated thing about a
cartoon is I like like anime but it's
occurred to
cuca look I should know another bite
yoga that's true he fights yoga with
Ronny see fuck someone didn't I see
someone did say that you would like it
rich cuz it's basically uh on solo type
oh yeah yeah oh yeah that's right
they're bounty hunters they're they're
bounding up well that sounds fun
it is no it's it's a legit good show I
enjoyed the bit is an amazing are
usually ridiculous or completely fucking
full of it and you know yeah it's it's
it's melodramatic I don't know enough
about anime where I could comment a big
dramatic but it's fun it's a good I
think it's on a cure of I was in high
school in the animation is beautiful but
I fucking hate people love accurate yeah
yeah oh yeah I don't remember anything
about it I don't remember a single thing
about it
yeah it's been so long
I've never been into anime that's a
cover some people can't do it I you know
like I remember the first time I saw a
ghost
Tara hey just about shit might be now
and I saw that at the audience really
had various computer just yes
okay so should we just shoot everything
you shoot everything guns its while
carrying your confident today you get I
mean those six style points for
destroying things and continuously
hitting things about missing a be
business I mean it's pretty much you
know like dynasty Warriors we're good
as someone who hasn't become a Texas
get into anime person
oops cranes down I knew like hey man
look like five bucks give them $5
five bucks let's take over the woods
they're gonna be zoom those fucker
that's we did I deer the zoo they do
everything you're saying right now is
wrong well you know why yeah I know it's
definitely a a style over substance
okay
you don't want to look in hice like if
you started someone saying to turn the
game audio to me yeah fuck you okay well
there's a lot of loud gunshots people
they fuckin complain about the I don't
care see people complain about the audio
then I see people say it's okay look at
you stop first
you start doing that shit here's my
problem when you guys tell us to do
stuff I can no longer trust you I move
skeleton skeleton invested in resistance
resistance on Sunday when the game audio
legitimately wasn't working I saw all
their messages saying the game audio is
not working I ignored it please have
your fucking fucking point cry Wolf's
bitches I don't know whether it's going
on boys cried skeletons but that's all I
know so it okay the game on Ellie is
turned down
a problem kind of her beard ya know they
talk about Evangel tennis is not you
know like cowboy bebop is something
where if you like cowboy bebop is a good
place to start now
it's really stylistic it's got a neat
story that's a really good place I will
have to take your word for it
yes I I don't know that I want to start
to tell you the honest truth it's just
it's just like any other movie or TV
show
dude it's like anything else
what's it like this this is the listener
problem I run into a lot where it's just
like people are like if I start watching
anime that I'm going to be someone who's
into anime just a part it's just a movie
if you just happen to be Brad
if I start watching this comedy film I'm
going to watch hunter watch more comedy
film that's true then
okay I think that's how worried about
peepee and empathy I want watch go
through the spell
I may have seen ghost in the shell' high
school
I don't remember that you think about it
just like a cure okay doesn't fall out
of the category of enemies I'm sure most
it but you know what sometimes that
paper dramatic
my big idea over the top stuff is kind
of fun yeah that's a little schlocky but
as you can fuckin sweet kick-ass karate
fight see that's what you do
bunch of karate place I played one level
he played well tilaka we'll talk about a
little bit of really good part they just
opened a beer we'll let him finish his
beer how are you guys getting ready to
finish y-yeah I don't know we have no
what everybody else wants to do I mean
you do everyone we have nope
I don't know I don't know how exciting
this game is or isn't people who cried
wolf but I guess what we're saying is
we're probably not going to do a best of
the worst probably no yes I'll Studio
Ghibli films counters animate but those
are nice too
yeah well that's also another good place
to start like ano and a neighbor to toe
oh sure that's it those are super fun
owls floating castle
there's a lot that good that's a good
okay you're right let's stop talking
about animators but what should we talk
about now yeah give us something
Jaeho kind of beer you drinking oh Jesus
Old Milwaukee sorry
no word along we've talked about doing
that yeah and the Super Mario Brothers
movie isn't given well we there's other
trio of those who wanted to do that well
I don't know if we've changed our minds
I don't wanna talk about sure yeah
there were some good at least preview
wise there's some good suggestions yeah
like not necessarily like any time on
the message board on the best okay I
think I must've missed it weren't video
they weren't movies based on video games
but video like trapped inside a video
game oh I did see that someone mentioned
our cake yeah in the arcade there's
mostly boring that's a full moon okay
which means that it has kind of a funny
movie concept but it's mostly boring a
lot of their movies are like that
there's one called like when game box
game box we only have that - yeah that
looks yeah I know the Raiders of it kind
of old friends of mine I haven't seen
I know Topanga from boy needs oldest oh
then let's watch it I love Topanga he's
back that show is back well says it at
canceled already it says it even started
yet I don't know no no Oh J any plans to
continue with the quick oh yeah not
probably yeah they will anyone can do a
quick cuz I'm just been Jake I'm gonna
see what everyone's done up so I I
talked about doing one from frozen oh
yeah and they're there are movies that I
could have done one for and this busy do
another crap I just don't get around I
would I'd like to have done one for they
came together
David Wayne's new film that just came
out of its Sun then some theaters but
it's also on on-demand Amy Poehler and
Paul Rudd's
funniest movie I've seen in their voices
thank you
oh yeah
I can't understand the words in the rest
of your sentence but any favorite music
videos oh that's a good one
there's a music video that Eric Wareheim
directed and this song is called we all
know it's we are water is it like I'm on
a school football field or something no
it's the one with the girl being chased
by a guy with the big machete is it oh
man we are water people look it up it is
trying to think of all time I don't even
know I have to really reach back into my
brain recent ones there's a video I
don't even like anywhere the name of the
band there on epitaph records but I
don't care for the song that much but
it's called I don't want to be an
asshole anymore hello the video the
video supposed to be funny but I find it
more adorable than anything
it's Jason Voorhees isn't it okay and
he's trying to turn his life around so
he can talk to girls that's the premise
of the video and it's really cute
you seem like doing situps and it's it's
I know it's supposed to be a comedy
thing but I just thought it was kind of
kind of adorable incidentally mr.
completely nice I'm trying to think of
all your videos cuz I hadn't I've seen
so many music videos when I grew up when
there used to be music videos on TV oh
that's a health health is the name of
the man Thank You Jan health we are
water look up yeah music videos are
tough so it's like maybe they used to be
you know weird bitch thing and then
everyone did them yeah and now no one
cares about them though they're kind of
good again because no one airs but yeah
I mean all the single wing couldn't even
tell you what the video for that is not
joking it's your fiance in two days
their ass
now raise your the worst video is that
Robin Thicke
Alan Thicke son oh that blurred line the
blurred lines video
yeah the Unrated one it is literally
just boobs look it is the most pathetic
thing I've ever leaved we're gonna be
dancing around these boobs okay that's
cool right and it's a stupidest thing
seen so many of them I really like
height Williams is with stupid ho no I
really was directed uh what's her name
the rapper his name not little Kim who
wants to play help you it was stupid
help she also my god what's their name
chant what's her name you stupid ho for
you like that
she also has a sign of super bass
because that boom badoom boom boom
badoom boom face Oh Nicki Minaj Thank
You Nicki Minaj video for stupid hoe is
really amazing and you would never guess
it because the song is so stupid oh oh
you know is the best video trapped in
the possible I will not see my first
volume of that the first DVD and it
really is the most amazing thing it is
so insane and it just keeps going oh my
god okay
there are so many really
I think though I wanted s to do with and
oh man that we were talking about
earlier that had a pony head boy band oh
shit Hatchin yeah Hot Chip Ezra
come on I got I got like collections of
you it was like you know like like do
you remember all the old like Michelle
go oh yeah there's DVDs was like that
spike Joe Pikul spike jonze collections
right leave it that you're making here
yes yes
like Michelle countries are always like
kind of you know similarly whimsical
yeah that spike jonze
yes Victor instead the video wax
California was a song with a guy running
down the street on fire - Vegas that was
a good one he also did the sweater song
one shot which I don't think I have ever
seen on the stage you always talk about
that video I don't think
it's a small one shot me down beautiful
yeah
yeah
when you grew up with it we took these
videos for granted well I guess you
didn't have cables really be an MTV I
think I took music videos for granted
until
you should definitely look into a really
great music video is mr. Carlton did you
play that at the start of the stream I
did okay of course it is
she's playing the piano on the back of
truck and driving down walking past and
she's home by Chris Cunningham yeah he
was yeah
this dr mark romantic he did a bunch too
and that crazy to think that there were
people that like no makers and artists
doing music videos you never think of
that anymore yes the music video it's
just like someone made it yeah there are
people like Michael Bay he did it yeah
ripped off David Fincher's music videos
I think there's any on YouTube of that
of people comparing shops from intro
music videos to shot some Michael Bay
music videos where he's just lately
ripping off the neck David Fincher David
Fincher's got a new coming out the
trailer for came out the other day
that's cold
go on the girl it's not a book I'm not
right look but the trailer can I talk
about
oh no disappointed I was with the girl
with the drink yeah you know I we saw
Eaters we actually didn't happen the bag
on it okay and I liked it well enough I
rewatched it last winter and I really
really liked a lot more of a second time
it's fine well I'm glad you you spoke
your mind now there was
so much height for that movie and like
the weather and everything like it you
know it was one of those things was like
the focus British version of the movie
the American version of the movie and
it's like it's a fine but it's an
episode of CSI you know it's just a kind
of a really shitty crime story it's you
know I appreciated the little details
more the second time like I loved the
setting of it like this Jordan whole
family lives and all these little houses
in the stable area and yeah I really
appreciate it a lot more the second time
than I did all of the build making
element very welcome yeah I think that's
what I said the first time I saw where I
appreciate it morning they'll make you
my Boldin on the storytelling bubble
well because the story is simple as fuck
it is yeah and really confusing this
fuck too because like spoiler alert
we're gonna talk about any of the stream
people lose the stream he's like he he
starts having sex with the girl with the
dragon tattoo and then goes home and has
sex the other lady in The Girl with the
Dragon Tattoo is mad yeah but why is she
mad like because she opened up to him
and that's actually different than the
original one that's not the ending of
the park
yeah but it didn't make any sense
because like he was having sex with a
lady first yeah other the girl Dragon
Tattoo what's her name lost that one
sticker ruled the Dragon Tattoo yeah no
she starts to have feelings for and she
dies in this bed is opening up to
somebody and she's always been so closed
off right and in sores but he's still
there it's not like it's not like he
told her to go fuck herself he's like
yeah he came to see what they have it
what they had was special to her yeah so
when she sees him with another woman
she's like oh her it's broken that's the
way nice a movie that's the end of the
movie whatever it's okay it's a that's
the thing it's okay so it's a really
beautifully shot yeah and also a great
looking movie episode of CSI sweet but I
prefer as far as recent day of Pinter
movies go
hey Xena I haven't seen oh that's really
good scores great I really like that
I've heard nothing but good things well
away from Jurassic Park isn't oh boy I
don't grown up now I didn't even know it
was him until much later not sure if I
care for that general Jesse Eisenberg oh
yeah he's perfect for that role you know
I don't like Michael Cera oh but I think
Michael Cera is completely he's stolen
anything that's a good question he's got
really weird looking but uh Jesse
Eisenberg
you know honey fits certain types of
roles he's Lex Luthor a Batman vs. Billy
boiler Oh under the skin yes I watched
that recently I thought it was great I
really really liked it no mood like the
atmosphere I'm a sucker for low humming
ambient droning sounds a lot of ass
I thought it dragged in places a very
slow-moving movie especially the first
half but for all I really liked
especially the ending
I heard about this movie under the skin
gentle Johansson
that's the one thing I kept getting it
confused with Lucy that's the other
movie she's in that yes I'm able to use
10% of their brain oh yeah I saw the
trailer for that and I kept thinking it
was just under the skin movie that I had
heard about which is this list you know
more sort of artistic film I was like
this is the movie people are raving
about it's a different movie
okay now under the skin is like this
really creepy I think by the way good
for Scarlett Johansson that you can do
that yeah and so she's like okay I'll do
I'll do the badass action
yeah good for anything else good my
people people
but it's commentary funny good night cut
oh I think you generally can comment
oh yes I didn't know that was actual
Matt and I thought that added to it
that's all thing is she's driving around
she's an alien and she's she's picking
up men and luring them back to her
quote-unquote apartment
the catch is where they fuck all the
meats out of human body all right so
she's picking on these strange men in
van in her van but it was a lot of
hidden camera stuff and she's
legitimately pulling up to people and
asking them to get around and a lot of
them weren't actors so they're sort of
like the arthouse version of bad grandpa
you were just like bad grandpa you're
the only person and I should be really
proud of like bad grandpa if you like
bad grandpa you'll love under the skin
is what I'm saying
luc besson the record under skin
to that oh that's Lucy beside it Lucy oh
oh Jesus Christ people yeah unless
they're doing that to be funny
oh it's your baby no not fuck all the
meat out of the human body suck over me
damn it
they get sucked into this black goo just
like my gooood Prometheus and all sides
are sucked out and all what's left is
flabby living skin
there's some great visual Hey Jerris is
crust thanks for subscribing I hope
you're enjoying the videos and the
conversation that does nothing to do
with the video how do you feel about
this Chris I like this game yeah Richard
that because you get to play video games
I get stop if you want
yeah I know I think it was just all of
your brains hurt Scarlett Johansson so
you immediately heard fuck
and even though Jay says well that's
that's been a big deal with that movie
is that she's very very naked in a lot
of it so that was a topic of
conversation which is also I was
confusing it with that Lucy movie is
like this is the movie that you decided
to get naked for this dumb action thing
they gave her enough money where she's
like I'll never have to work again
sure here are my tits she's already got
injures and whatnot she's doing
yeah under the skin and enemy you're
probably the two best movies I've seen
in the last week I think I'm talking
about any last time the big Gyllenhaal
yeah great you think great both sound
very nice we're good
someone just wrote I like to imagine J
is reading my Chapman I'm sorry that I
read that but whoever said that guess
what I'm not us so sorry
I mean J has responded to the jam and
yeah I agree to October 22 this is how
video game streams work sometimes where
the video game is kind of just the
backroom it's the ambient noise this is
common for strange I don't know anything
about other people's videos yeah is it I
have no idea it is okay I guess I'm the
only one that watches
I've never lets play videos I never
watched a stream the I I don't want to
come in live streams i watch a lot free
previously recorded let's play video the
live streams that I have seen yeah it's
just this like people talking up shit
and every alright now back to this shit
up oh here we go his r1 taken a position
regarding edge of tomorrow you will find
that out very soon oh good there you is
that the time
yeah very soon you knew that there's a
spoiler are you trying to say there's a
secret message in the time lapse video
regard now in a big review will be out
anymore
oh no piercer what does people are
asking us about snowpiercer I don't
think I haven't seen it I don't think
any of us have seen I'm curious
oh I honestly I know very little about
it I don't even think I've seen the
trailer but lots of people are asking us
Tom Cruise played Tom Cruise in that one
yes he does
that's all I'm gonna give as far as my
opinion goes but Tom Cruise plays Tom
Cruise as Tom Cruise Tom Cruise movie I
don't think I like our dislike leaner
DiCaprio as much as Plinkett tell me
about it
I like I don't remember what it was it
was one thing Mike had to say about it
some kind of aspect of one of the
prequels and I don't remember what it
was yeah sure yeah no illusion I thought
it was kind of stretched in it bit like
as a big deal but I were mad no I still
haven't seen
the reviewer in the movie movie that's
all over here
they just never play my dick around you
know there was one cuz I came out I was
in high school and it was the biggest
movie it's like I don't fuckin care
I avoided it for the longest time you
know sick of hearing people talk about
it and then finally it came out on video
you just heard cannot see this to tape
video and my mom bought it I think it's
like an impulse buy at the grocery store
or something
I finally watched it I was like tell us
is okay and then I never thought about
it again since that was that's my review
Titanic yeah I'm kind of think so it
wasn't I I was expecting it to be worse
than it was and it was fine I was that
was all I ever thought about the timing
I haven't seen it since I don't care
what is there there's there's the
perfect movie
kind of think of all flicker oh you know
what I really disagree with the babies
day out review I think that movie is
great you know it's just what I think I
think it doesn't understand is that it
is supposed to be slaps yeah yeah
exactly it's not it's not grounded in
reality
right that film it's supposed to be a
heightened reality back in the vein of
the Three Stooges and I think he was
just too focused on the real world
aspects of it and completely missed what
the million was going for and if you
look at it from a certain perspective
the theme of the movie is hyper reality
combat in certain shot compositions and
character yeah
oh did I miss my chance to do a fuck
that was every soul in theater right
that's right I mean you know what
it's so long since I watch it I can Jack
you're the only one I know them that
just doctor koop tomorrow oh you got my
soccer whoo oh no are you talking about
Tiger you can't terrible terrible
I think I think the first like seven
seasons of the new Iran are brilliant
and wonderful and loved it I got nada
there was some good stuff as anybody I
know you said you've tried to get into
it yeah I just didn't work no I I
remember watching the firt the first
episode of the new run is gross and I
remember watching that and think that it
was so terrible
and everyone who loved Doctor Who is an
idiot
I watched it with my wife and we're both
sci-fi people irregularly rewatch next
generation yeah oh yeah
er we are nerds and we're sci-fi people
doctor who was to be the savior of
sapphire yeah
and I watched her rose and we turned it
off and fuck the shit about Doctor Who
it's close commander Blair mannequin the
fucking mannequins it was done those
cheesy the effects were bad yep then the
character made no sense and people young
people kept saying the show is so good I
kept trying to watch it after that I got
an on think it got like half way through
or more than half way through that first
reboot season and and see that we just
got eventually I pushed through and at
the the second episode remember the
second episode I don't remember the lady
who who's just a face yeah her skin
estrus tone and she's the last human and
she's just a face with stretched out
skin that episode I got it was like Oh
it made more sensitive you have to
doctor who has a little you need to get
no I even like Matt Smith on his first
season because he claimed he played a
good doctor I mean still
first
Eccleston that's who it was Eccleston
was the Christopher Eccleston who played
the dark L the main dark elephant but
you'd never know cuz I Coulson is my
favorite doctor played a great doctor
everyone loves Tennant and i reaiiy Evan
liked Matt Smith but I got they got too
crazy about dancing crazy fun they added
so you know doctor who's always the
doctor in
they added a engine not very good
characters but they kept telling us was
really interesting but instead of the
character doing really interesting
things they were just
where you get you get as far as I'm
concerned you get seven really solids
and if you can make it up two points I
want to say is
he'll make you believe take your word on
it I mean yeah there's this and there's
something like spotty episodes here
there but there's an episode called
blink and you put you know unfortunately
you kind of have to know the doctor
first order to fully appreciate it but
it is just one of the most amazing
things I've ever seen okay okay yes yes
I'm sorry I'm talking to the chat here
the same words
it's good yeah yeah I stopped watching
thank you I think I'd be talking about
this last week I still have friends that
watch Doctor Who just out of habit and
agree that it's a terrible show now but
they're like I guess doctor who's on it
works now you have to watch it yes
exactly yes that's right Martha Jones so
it's either the third season or oh is
Martha main one season yeah
no more doctors are Hey well okay one
more text everything cuz it'll lead us
into an Edward Dickman says it's not
like I dislike Doctor Who it's just that
I hate their fans oh yes that's a thing
I think we were talking about that last
time worried how fans tend to ruin
things because you because like if fans
are assholes you don't want to be
associated with asshole
yes so it's that's that's part of the
reason I haven't gotten into Doctor Who
is I know so many people that are into
it not they're passionate about it which
I guess is a good thing but in a really
sort of aggressive off-putting way it's
like I don't wanna watch this because I
don't like the way you're talking about
yes you know it's good like the way you
learn no elements about how I need to
watch it yes yes because you don't
soccer like they will never obsessed
with the World Cup sure yeah yeah and
it's like they're within II mean you
know and um that happens well which
which by the way is maybe the let the
lesson we should learn from this is if
you are a fast be cool about it yo like
it I was talking to the just about to
see other day we're talking about The
Boondock Saints that movie and how I
have them actively avoided seen that
movies since its release because of the
specific type of people that keep
telling me that I need to watch that I I
dislike everything about your
personality and there's no way I'm gonna
watch this movie yeah yeah as a result
of that do need to be a responsible fan
and you need to foster
you know if people are willing you guide
them in yeah I'll come through it but
can't you can't push it girl it's like
when I hear Mike or any of you guys talk
about Star Trek next generation like you
talk about in a way where it's like oh
that's intriguing I want to watch this
okay when every time I hear you guys
talking about it you talk about in like
the way where it's like oh that sounds
