Sep 28, 2014
The Binding of Isaac, FTL
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45418783, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qipm_8WDfAc
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45418258, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HiyYNzP5nY
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/45416374
"Jack Solo Streamâ„¢ tonight at 8:30pmCST FTL and/or Isaac" (archive.vn/o1pc9)
"Jack Solo Stream: Happy Birthday Binding of Isaac" (archive.vn/QSSZn)

[Part I]
down to what has started hello welcome
to the Jack solo stream Sunday night
Jack solo stream rich I believe is going
to be joining us in a little bit rich is
building props today
he said he's going to try to call in
later he's building a very special prop
yeah yes you get you get our loading
video so congratulations and random ads
I have snacks I'm drinking my usual
snack my MKE brewing's hop freak yes by
the way today so I'm gonna we're going
to start playing that's my headphones if
you hear that crinkling in the
background I'm going to take them off
for a second we're gonna play binding of
isaac today as many of you guys know
it's it's one of my favorite games today
is the three year anniversary of The
Binding of Isaac and so we're gonna play
it it's on sale on steam right now for
like seventy four cents it is if you do
not own the binding of isaac in you can
get it for under a dollar you need to
buy this game also if you go to the
binding of isaac website you can either
there's a new interview out take footage
from the indie game the movie from Edwin
Macmillan Edward McMillan and you can
you can hear him talking about binding
of isaac it's it's super fantastic it's
getting new super hyped for rebirth
which is out soon but in any case thank
you octo j octo j our fantastic
moderator laying down some rules for
y'all
just just the general rules of be
excellent to each other we we play by
Bill and Ted rules here be excellent to
each other ngano and cussing you can
cuss cussing is encouraged in chattin
just now it is one dollar on Steam it's
so great Binding of Isaac okay hello
delsey tells the software was up indeed
um space cadaver says that says typical
feminist twitch channel absolutely we
just want you all to be excellent to
each other octojay that's an excellent
okay that's an excellent cuss word thank
you rich Evans will be joining us later
I miss him too it's okay
Oh
oh yeah I'm just going to drink some of
my snack really quick and then now we're
going to start up some binding of isaac
and you know I'm just while waiting for
rebirth I've just been playing through
to see if I can get oh you know what I
forgot I forgot already my controller
how terrible of me how terrible of me
that I've forgotten my controller right
this is why we need a face cam so you
can see me leaning over and plugging in
my controller and I'll be suggestive
poses that comes from that okay here we
go here we go
right on
mm-hmm no rich yet rich is building
props at the moment for a very special
episode of something and he said he's
going to try to call in later when he's
done building props okay Oh a paper bard
just subscribed thank you paper bard we
haven't even started yet but I super
appreciate it thank you very much all
right let's get Binding of Isaac set up
here go to our library oh and for uh for
all of you who don't know I'm steam now
there is an official previously recorded
steam group rich and i are going to be
more involved with that octo j's there
is a moderator Thank You Omni for
setting that up for us we're gonna we're
going to start getting into that steam
group and curating games and discussing
more games that we play that we don't
talk about on the show so if you are on
steam check out our previously recorded
prereq steam group and that is the plug
for that okay binding Isaac here we go
here we go we're doing it it's happening
everything's happening oh god it's loud
get out of here it's loud for me i don't
know if it's a lot for you i might have
to turn it down hold on where are we
Isaac
there we go all right how's this volume
for everyone that is how does everyone
feel about this volume sound and my
voice that's someone asks how the new
key mech suit is coming along and we
need a few more copies of new key to
before we can get with our new key
master plan this is all acceptable this
sound is acceptable that's great okay so
first thing we need to do is turn on my
joy to key there it is great then we
need to go like this go like this we're
gonna get our Isaac back going nope not
papers please Isaac there it is like
sub-region oh you're seeing my joy to
key that's weird well that's my joy to
key so you got that going for you get
out of here don't be on joy to keep you
on Isaac like sub-region right okay okay
there's Isaac there you are just
beautiful
okay so oh thank you my ack that's the
prereqs team group a couple I don't
think we need two dozen more copies of
newquay but maybe like four or five more
copies of newquay I can read this
comment you've been testing your shit
hopefully it's working dollar binding of
isaac I've absolutely today is the
binding of isaac three-year anniversary
today Isaac is three years old
congratulations Isaac and someone
possibly someone new to the stream is
asking how I got involved with red
letter media so i will i will tell you
how i got involved with red letter media
oh wait have I enabled have I not
enabled my my eyes are here is my joy to
key not working what's happening oh well
i started i started Isaac oh ok now it's
working but we don't want to do this
this is this is not fun we want to do we
want to do a challenge these challenges
are the things we want to do let's see
here Isaac was good today the doctors
revenge Lord of the Flies Large Marge I
need to do all of these things maybe um
maybe spider boy yeah let's do spider
boy um mr. the recorded I can always
tell Oh Phoenix you best there are
spikes in this game there are spike
traps in this game it's a be ok now
we'll get started
so I met Jay and Mike when they lived in
milwaukee and i made videos for the
internet and they made videos for the
internet so we knew the same people I
forget who exactly introduced us but we
just met it's it's it's really the
easiest of stories where we were just
like people of similar interests oh fuck
and and we met because we we liked what
we did and they when you are making
videos at the micro budget level you are
always looking for people to help out
for free and most importantly you're
looking for people to help out who you
can stand to be around and that's
something that's really really important
and Mike Jay and I got along so whenever
they would need help with something they
would ask me to come and help out and I
would and whenever I needed help with
something I would ask them to help out
and they would it started they needed
actors a lot and as anyone who's ever
seen me Act knows I'm a terrible
terrible actor but you know that's what
the gun so I and for me I always needed
people to help out behind the scenes and
that's what I got I got them so it was a
fuck you get out of here you jerk so we
just helped each other out on stuff I
actually recently unearthed one of the
very first things that they helped me
out on that never saw the light of day
because I didn't much care for it it was
a music video that I did for Josh's band
if I had a high five and it didn't quite
turn out as I wanted it to oh I see that
I see that we want that get out of there
Isaac it's all hard want to save that so
hard in case I get hit again
we shout this music video and I wanted
it to be a one-shot i guess i'm not
going to say that it's all hard and so I
came up with this very silly idea and of
course this was years and years and
years ago I came with this very silly
idea for a one shot and it just didn't
quite turn out as I wanted it to so I
reshot the whole thing and josh has
always asked me for this original video
and I lost it for a while and it was on
different hard drives for a while and I
finally found it I was looking for old
hard drives and and I'm working on
editing it together for Josh just
because it's a fun little thing like oh
this thing I made a decade ago not
really decade ago probably 67 years ago
and yeah that's how I met redlettermedia
and you know one of the stories that i
always tell is that when as a true
testament to how Mike and Jay and I
always used each other in our shorts
Mike and Jay were helping me shoot a
music video when when we shot mine and
Jillian's segment for the for the star
wars episode one episode Bourque great
he soul heart oh this is a beautiful run
pills heat up great we were they were
helping me shoot a music video so I and
Mike asked me and Jillian to kind of
like step aside for a half hour so he
could ask us the the mr. Plinkett
character questions for the episode 1
review and then we got right back to
shooting the music video that I was
shooting so just because that's what we
did we used each other and we still do i
still help out with them and they still
help me out with stuff it's just you
know I think that's everything I don't
want to go to the store yet okay great
that's it
spike room Phoenix you and your spike
rooms how often do you mentally break
down when doing the wheel of the worst
is the question often which is why I
don't do them very often i first did
that that the first wheel the worst
episode i did with like key matters and
i forget was even all on that one I
hated that I just absolutely hated that
and I just politely asked them not to
include me in future wheel the worst
episodes because I had a bad time you
know breaking down movies is easy
because because I kind of understand
that but when you're dealing with these
videos that are like instructional
videos or or you know the dance of birth
it breaks my brain in such a real way
pride that that it hurts not until I did
my second wheel doors episode the SOS
video did I truly understand the joy
that is we love the worst chariot oh oh
crap I don't know what these things do I
need to look it up what is the Joker do
what do I want to use the Joker someone
tell me what the Joker does just have to
express how you feel Jack hey I do hate
fun while you what's happening in the oh
and the star wars episode 1 video looks
like you're sitting on the porch of a
farm it does i'm just sitting on the
porch of my house
we were shooting a music video in my
house and so they shot Jillian in my
living room and we wanted to vary up the
location so i went outside because it
was a very nice day um my house not on
the farm oh yeah here spider so it was
just shot at my house I did you know
like like wheel the worst is really
tough and and now I'm back into we love
the worse but still I prefer regular
best of the worst even even watching the
episodes I prefer oh fuck oh fuck oh oh
I'm just gonna die okay alright that's
fine that's fine that's fine you know i
get i get bad movies but those
instructional videos are just a world of
hurt that we're asking for so i just
prefer regular best of the worst I don't
think that's controversial I someone
said I Jack and I said hi back Joker
takes you to the devil room oh that's
right that's right i didn't watch
american flat you laterz that's what i
felt really good about that you're not
gonna get me fire part of the joy also
if anyone doesn't does anyone does
everyone know what this game is it's a
twin-stick shooter a bit of a bullet
hell game and I you play as Isaac this
kid right here and you're trying to
escape your mother who's trying to kill
you so what's my favorite sliders
episode all of them were pretty awesome
sliders anything in that first season
when they were when they were incredibly
premise heavy oh that might be a soul
art oh and a rock I'll take a rock
damage up be a dog um you know when
they're just like what if the water was
Green how would that change the world so
they little know I don't want to do that
I'm like and where my hearts are at
right now it's bike room hi Phoenix
Phoenix here's your spikes we got spikes
in the game Joker takes me to the devil
room I'll see what I can I'll see what I
got after after i defeat this boss maybe
I'll go to the devil room um if they
don't know what it is they can buy it
for one dollar it's really true just
watch this game at see how awesome it is
and go buy it for a dollar and play it
it's it's a procedurally generated every
time you play is different it's
roguelike so you have to beat the entire
game or you lose the whole thing it's
it's randomized your items the dungeon
layout is different every time your
enemy the enemies that you fight is
different every time every time you play
this game it's a brand new game and it
is a goddamn work of art you buy this
game right now small rock hype okay hey
sir jinx what's up Oh guts going nuts i
will say your name damn you too what if
the one that's great yeah favorite
quantum leap episode oh man there's so
many great that just that first quantum
leap episode i think people forget how
awesome it was you know also just him
remembering who he was that the pilot
episode of quantum leap was fantastic oh
man
rich is just cooler just saying bongo
Doug I agree I agree with you rich is
way cooler than I am quantum leap was
great Claude link was a great show all
right let's see who the enemy is Oh
Gertie jr. we can deal with this oh wait
Gertie comes in at axis oh yeah we don't
like that get out oh fuck you dirty jr.
Oh get out of here there we go easy
peasy oh well here's the devil room well
that's fine
okay what are these things and do I want
them this guy gives me hearts what is
this thing
known as my tapped in the sonic episode
you've probably seen my tattoo a bunch
of times um gurdy don't get brimstone
okay no don't take either you don't like
either of these but this is rock like
this is rogue like we've talked about
the definition of rogue like changing
over the years don't take it way to be
don't take either okay I won't take it
that's fine okay with that I don't need
to elf up we want that and then they
have five cents so I don't want to waste
my keys on the store because i only have
five cents to spend so let's go down
let's go down another one not worth it
okay I can explain what jimmy jams are
it's a poster that's on a wall in Team
Fortress 2 and I said it once in the
early streams because when when you're
just talking when you're talking
randomly sometimes you can't think of
the right word to say so instead of
doing what I just did there which is
pause and say um so I could think about
something what you do is you find filler
words you know a sprocket kirkham often
biscuit stuff like that and I want to
say in the earlier streams I was just
saying Jimmy Jam because that's what I
thing I was saying like oh here's a
jimmy jimmy jimmy jam and whatnot
because it's a team fortress 2 poster
and it's become a thing now I don't know
if I'm okay with it or not some people
don't like it some people do like it
Petra fan it gives me a blood machine
let's go see if there's a devil room in
here
there's a devil room in here I don't
have three soul hearts and this is a
Necronomicon and I don't think I want
the Necronomicon doing what the necra
now can fart bar right well those were
elements of rogue turn-based RPG
elements but also procedurally generated
also having to complete in one life well
you know we've taken some things yes i
am a confirmed hipster i think we've
talked about that book is average at
best so i shouldn't get the book not
worth a heart is that what you're saying
hi Gemma do gives you to Seoul Arts oh
ok that's good to know necronomicon is
not worth hard container all right
that's what I wanted to know that is
what I wanted to know but this gives me
two soul hearts so I definitely want
that one point great take that meets
so the thing about this game that what
I'm playing right now is I'm playing the
challenges normally there are power-ups
on every level there's a powerup room
that you go to on every level that kind
of give you new and unique power-ups i'm
doing a challenge which means that i get
kind of one power up for the four per
game and there's no power up room my
power up this time is the spider eyes
which lets me shoot four shots at once
ki room mega key that golden key that
means that i get unlimited keys for this
level so that means i can freely open up
the shop so some of the challenges are
easy like I find this to be really easy
kind of that ladder like that ladder yo
I don't have enough money this is this
has been really easy to start with
because it's a very powerful power up to
have so early in the game but i can see
later this this bitin me i'm here
mmm also getting a heart so uh well this
is good library anarchist cookbook
dropsbombs when I use it if you see here
near I haven't been showing like this
area here is like a special ability slot
which is empty right now so I need one
of these enter Cruz cookbooks dropsbombs
and what does the Necronomicon do again
someone in the chad tell me tell me and
then i will talk about the art style for
Isaac rebirth is it a bad move um I mean
I like this flash style I think the the
graphics of the game are less important
than the character design
and so damages all enemies in the room
okay all right yeah then I'll take the
Necronomicon that sounds like a good
sounds like a good one um so so you know
he's going for binding of isaac rebirth
they're moving to a pixel art style
which is what he had originally wanted
for The Binding of Isaac and I mean I
think it's fine they're still gonna have
the amazing character design we're still
gonna have giant bloody blob monsters
but it will be in pixel silent and one
of the jokes is that you can also have a
graphics overlay that makes it look like
the flash style which is hilarious to me
but I I trust I trust in I'll have one
bomb oh I want that I want what's in
there but I only have one bomb damn it
so until until ed makes a bad game that
man can do whatever he wants and even if
he makes a bad game he's gone he's got
cred and if that man wants it to be
pixel art style fucking Who am I Who am
I to tell him no a man has made some
amazing games and his art style is
fantastic so I'm I ain't going to tell
him shit
if he wants if he wants to pixel art
game you can have one it's it's a bit of
a shame because pixel art well that
doesn't do me any good pixel art is a
thing now and when he went Binding of
Isaac came out a couple years ago three
years ago today it wasn't as big of a
deal oh fuck you I need those bombs you
know if I had the ladder in the other
room which I need fifteen cents for then
I could get those bombs so three years
ago pixel art wasn't the hot Jam but it
is now I need some coin so I think a lot
of people new to binding of isaac are
going to look at the pixel art style and
say oh just another pixel art game not
understanding that it was the original
attends it intent three years ago but
again it doesn't matter it's not going
to change how great the games going to
be
uh Omni Rex I have played time fucckk
time fucka I don't know how to properly
pronounce that but I have played it and
it's fun it's fun little flash game fun
little online game maybe we'll do it for
a stream one night oh hey hey oh just
everything everything oh that's great
necronomicon for the win I like that
okay use it all the time
no cash same shit gnana care about that
shit dammit no cash no cash means no
ladder means no bombs means no other
chest darn a barn oh well time for kick
Rick McCullen style yes ma'am you know
i'm not i'm not a admin edwin mcmullen
McMillan I'm fucking up your name ed
sorry if you're listening to this but
you're not I know you're not um I'm not
a yes man that man has created some
fantastic games time fucckk Super Meat
Boy binding of isaac so he's made only
good things as far as I'm concerned so
I'm just going to give him the benefit
of the doubt um oh I have played Fez I
think we've talked about Fez and it's
fine it's fine game I found I mean it's
beautiful and the world of shifting
mechanic is super fun and innovative I
lose steam after about an hour and a
half I i get about an hour and a half
into fez and i've tried it a couple
times and it's saying like I would have
two hours into Fez I'm done playing it I
don't care about it anymore right when
you get to the point in which you need
to back track through worlds I find it
incredibly frustrating to go to find out
where I'm supposed to go and how to get
to where I'm supposed to go but the
world is super beautiful and the actual
plane is really fun I just find some of
the other technical sides really tedious
but you know it's cute it's cute game
if you can get it for cheap enough i
recommend it there's the coins dang ass
game Fez is very polarizing is fez bolit
polarizing it's it's fun the pez is fun
if oh hey um bhakta hand just subscribe
thank you for subscribing I super
appreciate it I don't know if Fez is
polarizing I mean it's fine it's really
it's a beautiful game and the the 3d
world shifting mechanic is phenomenal I
really enjoy it it's just you know like
I said it got off like you it got it got
tedious when I couldn't figure out how
to get back to where I wanted to go and
the gimmick got old really fast well
what a slob do just sits there I'm sure
he's going to do something he's going to
freak out
what does this do what does pops right
my head to where's my phone I have a
thing on my phone that tells me what
things what does Bob's rotten head to
someone look it up really quick
keep it look 10 diamond
you throw that keep the book ok I'll
keep the book oh one of the reasons that
people I was just a bomb oh then
nevermind ok I'll keep the book um you
know I if for anyone who's seen indie
game the movie phil fish the Creator
fezzes in it he seems like you know he
came across as a kind of a stressed-out
artist type and I think that comes
across in his game it's a very it's a
very arty game and I you know positively
or negatively however you want to take
that I'm not gonna say pretentious but I
guess I just said it so so there you go
it's it's a fun game that I enjoyed fez
for the couple of hours I think I first
got it when I had a 360 found a bum to
get a bomb not worth it and it was great
oh oh my god do you guys hear that what
you guys gonna sound do you know that
means do you know what that means do I
know what what means it means rich Evans
is here what oh my god uh-huh hold on
right so let me get your audio up okay
okay what'd I miss uh I wanna talk about
who's it's a whatsit
the greatest sound of all time it's rich
Evans rich say hello hello hello are you
talking about i dream of jeannie no no
not not even a little bit not even a
little bit okay okay i was at the studio
working on unstuff mmm and in the
background I had you know a few Tarata I
was streaming old episodes of i dream of
jeannie I i really i really love that
show when I was a kid and it it is a
product of its time yeah every every
time he orders her to get back in the
bottle I just feel very uncomfortable
you know okay that's fine I suppose yeah
I think it is I think you're right it's
very generational bury the man's man and
the woman is wacky but still subservient
yes yes a stream how does rich sound
compared to me can you hear him I said
listener oh god Rache are you still
sniffling okay I feel better but there's
still like lingering side effects of too
sure absolutely I think that's what
happens once the weather gets cold you
get your first cold and your snot
doesn't go away until it's summer again
I will cough for a month after I've had
a cold yeah yeah okay my cough really
likes to linger wish I would cough right
now hold on okay
nuvo octo jay says sniffles
notwithstanding you sound great oh thank
you yeah so you want you want you want
the binding of isaac round huh uh well i
was i was gonna start with FTL yeah but
then you said you weren't gonna come in
later and I ever that today is the year
anniversary of binding of isaac ah ah
it's on sale for a dollar on seems a top
and I so if you're gonna be saving your
binding of isaac energies for rebirth I
it won't matter i will still play the
first game when rebirth comes on i will
play both games in tandem well i fucking
love this game ranch that'll be
something if you could like like have
both games open up into separate windows
and have them linked to the same
controller oh my god like try and play
both games at the same time see if your
head explodes I could play oh I probably
could I could probably have both games
running I've won playing through the
controller the other through joy to key
and see you can oh my god Richard genius
you are a genius these are the kind of
crazy ideas I come up with I'm the guy
who says much let's watch all three
transformers movies at once
hearing I'm hearing that my audio is
cutting out hold on for a second i just
need appt a button my god rich I'm fine
of fun you're fine okay now everything
should be fine okay though get back to
it all right a rich you were building
props yes today yes how did that go did
that go well let petites tedious tears
down fuck you uh tedious yeah alright so
it's not a super secret thing I'm
working on but I'm still not gonna talk
about it no no I I don't think we should
talk about it I just want to just want
to get you talking in general just
what's going on with your world um have
better pills we want I Dream of Jeannie
who would win in a fight jeannie aur or
Samantha from bewitched this is a
conversation that to 60 year old men
should be having that's that's what you
don't want that's that's what amuses me
that's why I'm driving the conversation
of the directions because I'm smiling
thinking about us talking about be
winched and I Dream of Jeannie in a
stream full of 16 year olds but for
those who don't know I Dream of Jeannie
is about a husband who marries a genie
beanie well actually he's just an
astronaut who finds a genie on a beach
we're not married and I think eventually
they do but certainly not the early
seasons he actually doesn't want
anything to do with her he finds her to
be a nuisance because he's he is the
dumbest man on earth who sees no benefit
to having aid all-powerful genie who
wants to do whatever he wants to do like
he can't see any benefits in that
because he's a moron and by the way like
a super hot scantily clad genie yes yes
bewitched is about a small weaselly
little man who is very insecure about
his much more talented smart and
incredible wife
so he feels the need to suppress her and
tell her she can't do any of the things
she's good at because it makes him feel
bad about himself that's nasty pitch by
the way it did everyone just see that
bullshit I've the safety cap which means
that I get better a better pill drop and
I just got a pill and it was a bad bill
bullshit i call shenanigans rich i'm
calling shenanigans Jack I'm so sorry
about that thing I haven't seen yet well
you're gonna see it in a second um and
it's shenanigans it straight up
shenanigans it's like an ex-con when you
lose the ninety-eight percent shot I you
know I've come to accept I don't I don't
I don't afree one that happens you have
to you have to plan for that happening
every now and then you have to be
prepared for it my god these are giving
their ages yeah and I'm sure they're
accurate 113 9001 sounds good to me
sounds right to me everything everything
sounds great all right I'm a little
boned my shot speed went down and my
movement speed went down well i'm
slightly boned I'm sorry I still have
powerful shots oh my gourd sorry plurk
know hey do what you gotta do I'm gonna
take this fork back cuz this safety
captain do meesh it this pork I think
gets me hearts or something I don't go
into a boss room rent okay you know we
probably shouldn't talk about something
as dated as B which is what I'm saying
have you played much pac-man lately
thank you I have not I don't have a love
for pac-man that you have pec pacman won
on sale on steam there's no fancy
version I saw that yeah I hate the
newest one they changed it too much it
plays weird
instead of instead of like four ghost
chasing you there's a long conga line of
ghosts it's like it's like they merged
pac-man with that that old windows snake
game where you know the snake eats the
apples oh yeah oh I love snakes thanks
agree yeah it's it's like they mixed
pack man with with snake okay that's
yeah that weird it's not terrible but I
don't like it as much sir I'm with you
ah my aunt had a miss pac-man art Edmund
nice growing up it was the greatest she
had a couple arcade cabinets in miss
pac-man she had Popeye Popeye arcade yum
yeah that one and I I actually grew up
with a standard pac-man arcade cabinet
because that was one of the things and
my grandmother's fun house alright
that's cool this green thing looks like
something I want stream they're about to
see this green thing I'm standing next
to I I just see you standing next to a
heart and some blood yeah little ketchup
no I'll Casey agree i think is a green
thing you're talking there's a green
thing what does that do I don't know
they tell me I could I don't I don't
have another window doh uh look it up
okay you want me to look up binding of
isaac green thing now they'll tell me
okay oh I think it's the common cold is
a good item don't get the cat okay yeah
poison yes poison damage oh that's a
great item and someone's Sigma is my
audio how fucked is my audio they saying
I'm cutting in and out I'm listening you
want skype so i don't know what it's
like on the stream sure sure hold on for
a second let me open up my setting just
you're sounding weird on skype they just
started sounding weird i just started
somewhere Oh like mine early echoey Oh
give me a second here okay
okay get out of here nope all right oh I
just I just switched to this stream for
but you sound ok to me okay you guys no
I'm not getting the cat don't worry guys
I'm not getting the cat you've already
gotten a cat yeah I've not been to your
house since you haven't you haven't you
missed you missed quite a game night
last night wait um played a resistance
have you ever play him the resistance
resisted No ok the resistance is a game
very akin to something like mafia we're
ok where you you have good guys and you
have spies and basically the the point
of the game is try to the spies want you
to lose and the good guys want you to
win and you just have to figure out who
the good guys in the spies are it's very
simple um so bad I Dream of Jeannie
hahahaha you fuck uh so who the question
is who would win a Jeep or a wet III
have to give to Jeannie and we know that
the genies have and I could we're
playing by a dream of Genie rules not a
citizen that's in theory she does but on
the show everybody is just stupid I mean
she could solve every problem they have
on the show just like that right but she
never does because you know that
wouldn't be an interesting show oh I'm
so I'm on paper I think she's more
powerful but as far as how it's depicted
on the show no not really well that's
that's all I'm asking is who's Genie
rules are we playing by cuz if it's
Aladdin Genie rules then the genie can
only do what other people have asked
we're playing of I I dream of Genie
rules ok and she can do pretty much
whatever the fuck she wants yeah
absolutely she doesn't need she doesn't
need somebody to command her right right
okay well then then i agree i think the
genie wins any worse which so many so
many things we give you're talking about
you some things this is the thing that
you decided that you why no talk about
Jack you could you could steer the
conversation to any direction you would
like no I i I'm gonna allow it i think
the chat is your oyster can we talk
about oysters I've never eaten an oyster
and i don't think i would like oh no I
had one once I never will well I think
you're allergic to shellfish right uh
III know I'm allergic to fish fish I
avoid shellfish because of my fish
allergies so right you have a general
fish allergy yeah anyone who doesn't
know rich Evans is allergic to
everything I soom I'm allergic to
something until I've had it basically
okay oh fuck I got hit by a thing that's
why i said fuck LG or not boy stirs just
look like the most disgusting things i
never want anyone i had a muscle once
and it was I want that I got a thing do
I want this thing sure went up I can't
even see it I'm sure that sounds that
sounds marvelous Jack right-click allium
control
action volume setting they're saying
they're having some trouble hearing me
hold on none okay I've just turned up
Eddings but a microphone noise gate you
guys should be hearing me just fine i
don't know i don't know what's happening
I don't know why it's happening but
there I just changed your thing how
about now can you hear me now jack is
dead choose things in all directions not
better than the book okay not better
than the book your audio is getting
worse jack oh my god I hear you jack
they're rich Evans what's your favorite
aphrodisiac oh I don't need aphrodisiacs
that's funny that's fine okay hold on a
second guys
Unni if you need an aphrodisiac he got
problems that's a right dog yeah found
his fine sound is okay okay great
everything you know what guys everything
I'm sure is fine I don't care how about
that how about that okay i hold on i'm
just gonna I'm just gonna talk for a
little bit about kind of inane bullshit
while I listen to myself it yeah i just
heard myself say everything i'm sure is
fine and it sounded fucking fine guys
you guys in your audio issues sometimes
I'm not sure whether you're being one
hundred percent honest with me I'm
putting that out there I know that might
be a harsh thing to say I'm not sure on
your intent we go okay
how do I feel about elf single worst
series finale of all time what was the
series finale of Anthony he gets
captured they had like ended the whole
show on a cliffhanger but the show
didn't could pick back up so elf
actually ends with elephant cage in
government custody shut up no that is
hilarious yeah that is absolutely
hilarious did that what was that like
purposeful cliffhanger like they thought
they were good yes they that was them
wanting to be picked up and they loved
it off a cliff hanger and they never got
kicked back up that is too funny I I
know yours in like like 15 years after
the fact i made like an alpha TV movie
that i'm assuming the dresses the
cliffhanger but i have not seen it 15
years after the fact i was like one of
those reunion type shows you're like elf
thing on TV i'm assuming that address
the cliffhanger but i don't know can I
just say that that sounds like the
lamest time and Alfre Union show Alf is
fine you heard it here first folks fuck
you I might lose this I feel really
awful I might lose this yeah yeah shut
up right even what it before I have won
it before but you know I want want to do
good want to do well oh fuck how far you
gotten a pretty far none you've done
well yeah but I want to win I want i
want the lamentations of the women all
right i haven't been coughing much
lately until i started this stream
there's something about you jack that
just makes me sick apparently brave
brave
well I'm sorry or I'm not here we go we
got ourselves a gambling machine not
helping me out here I need some hearts
need some little fucking hearts and I
need some pills I need some good pills
need some pills here not helping not
helping you fucking machine I'm gonna
kill you oh good a bomb this is binding
of isaac Jack I can't help you here I
know that's okay I'm gonna blow up this
machine and it gave me oh yeah half hard
I'll take a half a heart it's in here I
go Oh more hearts I'll take hearts and
I'm gonna blow up to you too I'm just
gonna blow up everything give me your
shoe a pill whoo speed up thank the
Christ I needed that
no I'm not gonna verse that all right
and yes I know I left a heart in there
but I only have a half a heart now so if
I filled up it would almost be as if I'm
wasting a heart so I'm going to wait
till them down a full hard then go back
and pick up that whole heart that sounds
like a plan Danny well you know I'm to
anyone paying attention people in the
chat may or may not be like oh you mr.
Hart and I did that purposefully rich
are you dying I I wish I wish that's not
true Jack I spend my days watching I
Dream of Jeannie reruns okay haha that
sounds like a great luck that sounds
like a fantastic time to be had by all I
don't understand what the problem is I
had that
rich what do you think of the Poseidon
remake I'm what is the Poseidon original
looked like the Poseidon Adventure is
that what that's reference to I I can't
answer that question because I don't
understand it that's my favorite
reaction I can't answer that question
because I don't understand it it's it's
an honest answer I believe you doing
we're doing we're doing better feel like
we're doing better shit I say that and I
just got blowed up get out of here fly
now people keep asking us if we played
such and such a game and with the
streams and the show we've we've played
so many fucking games now it's not you
can't get to everything you know right
dammit dammit dammit dammit dammit
dammit dammit no no and we'll try you
know like we will keep trying to get to
everything and you know when you find
something you like you don't want to
switch right away I mean like I i we you
know next episodes on it guacamelee I'm
I I want to keep playing guacamelee I
think it's great it's it's a great game
hmm I guess you know we'll talk about
more that money and the episodes
actually Don been oh yeah I guess
spoiler spoiler alert for the episode
we've really enjoyed guacamelee god damn
it but what you'll notice up here i have
my mouse waving around right now well
you'll notice up here is this is one of
those all the levels are procedurally
generated and this is a massive dungeon
there you the levels are normally not
this big this is this is an extra big
one that you get every once in a while
so this is extra hard I'm a little boned
I'm running low on hearts but that's all
right we're just gonna keep going power
through how much how much further do you
have to go um we have a couple more
levels I have no recollection of what
level of Ottoman the crop aligned I
don't have a good grasp on how far I am
I have more I at least have three or
four more levels to go after the guys
saying he he played guacamelee for an
hour and got bored you've only played
that for an hour you've you've hardly
gotten any of the combos and the moves
and whatnot yeah so so there's a lot
more to that game no no Beth's yeah give
it a little more than an hour but
I mean I guess I picked it a lot sooner
than an hour I'll say that yeah
absolutely if you're not if you're not
drawn in by the world if you're not
drawn in by the world and the animation
what's what's going on in your life man
you gotta you gotta rethink some things
yeah the animation is great animation is
great yeah and the animation the
animation is my argument as to why not
every game needs to have 3d graphics
yeah and I can be with you on that but
it's like the the world the style is the
thing that should be carrying you over
the the learning curve that first hump
of your figuring out the mechanics it
should be the art in the world and if
that's not doing I need to find my way
out of here I am so fucked I've gotten
decent at the game I'm thinking about
trying to do a no death run I'm walking
my life yeah yeah oh my god that would
be intense I actually came close last
night I only died on the volcano stage
you tried out a no death run yeah i'm
not i'm not counting those those
platformer ones where you mess up and
you fall into the water and you tell
apart back to the i'm not counting that
as a full death that I mean it's kind of
a full death no no you just gotta pull
from your back in the pot so you so in
guacamelee to you the game the game
doesn't treat it as a death when you die
those like little skull and crossbones
that poof's up yeah and you you start on
a different screen that's that's
different than like the falling off of
platform thing where you just kind of go
beep and you're right back on the last
platform you stood on so I'm not
counting that I wasn't payment the rich
I wasn't paying attention and I got hit
that's fun is it fine I don't care yeah
I know how it is not fun for you no it's
not fine for me oh fuck oh my god I'm
gonna die I'm gonna eat it I'm gonna
fucking eat it
where the fuck is the enemy I need I
need an exit I need an exit that's a
matrix reference right I need an exit
that was the thing that happened in the
matrix oh fuck yeah heart you need to
find the exit we need to look for the
well the deja vu wasn't that it or was
that now that was just telephone was the
exit was the deja vu thing that was the
glitch in the matrix that I proved to
them that some day they'd changed
something ok ok ed does not carry over
saves from gold and treats it like an
entirely different game as far as the
guacamelee gold vs super turbo mega
edition hmm but me the game sure enough
you know whatever oh fuck your fucking
hate these guys your super turbo adds
like twenty percent more content Oh
easily yeah there's there's new areas
and whatnot fuck
oh heavens I hear clubber Lang has
better XCOM skills than you well you
know what I pity the fool ah i'm sorry
you pity the fool wasn't clubber lang
rock III wasn't that mr. t wasn't that
clever laying that that character am I
just wrong no idea um I don't remember
ah I mean if it was that your pity the
fool reference was was a spot on and
well-earned I just I have no idea I
thought you were just making a generic
mr. t reference okay okay though oh
fucking yeah okay I found found the last
boss chad chad is confirming i am right
it just Jax Jax uncertainty I wasn't
sure well I did I make a big mistake and
make an idiot out of myself like all so
was someone saying that clever Lane had
has more skills than you was that a joke
I feel had to beam or or is there any I
actually think somebody was setting me
up to say I pity the fool oh I think but
I'm not sure oh well that would be nice
if they were if they were said in yeah
that'd be be nice of them oh my fuck i
died i wasn't paying attention rich rich
yeah one heart jack I think you need to
pay full attention to what you're doing
richa wasn't paying attention rich what
are you dead no I'm good oh you're dead
okay watch me die in a second here oh
yeah you're dying no god damn it sorry
oh I besmirched the beautiful birthday
of Isaac why yes a game you're supposed
to dial on him you you played true to
the spirit of the game jack I know I
know but I have enough hours in the game
where I shouldn't shouldn't have died
like that not like this not like this
cuz it's it's because you're talking
it's true it's true I can take some
brain power
I think you're right I think you're
absolutely right brain power who needs
it who needs it am i right unless you're
like a Kardashian or something no
nothing all right I was I was drinking
some beer while you made your Kardashian
joke yeah i think the Kardashians are
fine business people who understand the
their brand and their need to fill
Americans life with their particular
brand of idiocy can I tell you a Kim
Kardashian story you can but you know
you know the honest truth I've never
watched anything with these people in it
I have just heard of them but i have
i've seen no interest in actually
tracking down something that the
Cardassians were in responsible for or
had anything to do with but tell me
about your Kardashian store I have a
convert wait someone is telling me to
read octo Jays message to me
Ilan yeah on your skype option going to
your skype options and uncheck the auto
adjust ba oh oh okay they think my audio
problems are is a skype issue where do i
go to change this no it's in it's for me
oh it's for you it's for me octo j i'm
on a toll on go into your skype options
and uncheck the auto adjust box from
your mic all right skype let's see here
skype tools options Ian Rome sounds no
audio settings okay guys I just
unchecked it I I am unchecking it for
myself as well okay I think people are
gonna hear me a lot better not in fact
they might be hearing me too loudly
because I was messing with other things
that's right the Cardassians are a
threat to Bajor Thank You octo j sorry
for not paying attention i would
obviously i was playing the game so i'm
not i wasn't paying attention and i
apologize to everyone everybody asked me
about this every stream i have not tried
z no not yet what what prompted my
statement earlier about not not having
time to play all of these games we have
to play now I i would like to i am going
to get to it someday i am i am very much
aware of it very much again i want to
play even and just just things better
for the show and what not and it's kind
of game i don't want to just play when I
can squeeze like an hour to in you know
what you don't want to sit down and get
into that I don't want to write why I
got I got I got the cheese an hour and a
half notes still see you when we cram it
as much time as I can with lino nuts you
know yeah that's not right first of all
um I will continue talking about that i
would like to give a shout-out and i
thank you to lunch bucket Larry he's the
one who came up with a skype issue fix
so thank you and by the way I totally
agree we you know we play we dedicate
we certificated no sorry you go ahead no
I accidentally had the stream audio on
I'm oh sehun yes hey I got confused for
a second director going I'm sorry jack
no no and I was I was gonna continue
with your thought which is we dedicate a
good portion of our time to play a
specific game every week then we do the
games for the stream which is not the
same as just enjoying a game for
yourself even though I yep crazy enjoy
like doing the stream and talking with
all you guys and and playing a game
while I'm streaming I I I really love it
but it's not the same as sitting down
with a game by yourself and so finding
time to do that is a little difficult
nowadays but totally not complaining but
you know it just means that some games
you got to make time for like maybe Xena
not some rich yeah i know i need take a
vacation so i can place it on us
absolutely absolutely okay hold on I'm
gonna go um I'm gonna go refill my snack
and then we're gonna make another isaac
run and then we're gonna play some FTL
that's what's gonna happen that's what
might only actually just for wii u break
here or somebody has a question about
the guacamelee gold and upgrading it
yeah it does treat Super Turbo
championship as a different game but if
you own gold they do give you a discount
on it I think I think if you own gold
that the Super Turbo championship
edition is like six or five dollars i
think i think i want to say 599 but i'm
not 100 sure in any case it is like a
sixty-six percent discount it's your own
gold yeah yeah that's really nice okay
well and you know Richie you keep
talking to him cuz I'm just gonna run to
the kitchen it back I'm gonna run a
commercial oh my god I I can't I can't I
can't pull the entire conversation on my
own Lexus you have to that's crazy talk
i'm running a commercial this is gonna
be awkward alright god I'm hoping it's
awkward it's more funny that way run
your commercial I already ran it I'll be
right back okay

[Part II]
uh-oh Jack awkwardness awkwardness is
commencing yep what's up how much
working on things the studio today so
that happen
Marvel or DC uh you know you know you
don't have to pick though I i will say i
hate the way DC runs their universe I
mean you use hard to get into a decent
not that i'm not that i've been reading
many comic books lately anyway but i
don't i think i'd be a happy DC fan
because every year it seems like they
reboot their universe I mean it's hard
to get into a book when your continuity
is invalidated every six months but I
mean as far as me having a Marvel or DC
bias I mean favorite comic book
character of spider-man on my second
favorite comic book characters Batman so
you know I mean I don't I don't try to
pick a favorite team and stick with it
what about favorite teams as I Marvel or
DC oh sure and I was talking about how
it probably pretty frustrating to be a
hardcore DC fan when they reboot their
continuity every eight months how many
infinity crisis is can you exactly
exactly the new 52 the new new 52 yeah
yeah and it just sounds like a
clusterfuck but I mean you know it was
it was kind of the same thing of Marvel
back in the day you know like you have
your you have your x-men you have your
uncanny x-men you have your amazing
x-men you have your x-men children of
the atom you know there that's that's
just comic books in general and I am a
marvel fan boy but keeping up you know
you just gotta pick your book and stick
with that's the real thing and so like
you know I got back into comic books I
left for a while and I got back into it
when the ultimate versions of marvel
super heroes came back and I thought
those were great because you know it was
a new clean universe so I really like
you know what at the same time they
didn't have to invalidate the old marvel
universe either right I mean I I thought
that the ultimate universe is just smart
mmm smart thinking of Marvel's part but
well and you know like like my wife
collects both regular x-men and uncanny
and if they're two completely different
storylines and I would have the hardest
time keeping up with that kind of
continuity really just like wait what
Cyclops doing in this one oh no he's
dead in this one and ya know yes oh I'm
sorry you were trying to have rich time
I'm sorry i'll just keep playing who
would who would win in a fight question
from the stream all right Batman I or
spider-man up spider-man would mop the
floor with Batman Batman is my second
favorite comic book character this isn't
this isn't like me being like a bias
spider-man fan boy spider-man would wipe
the floor with Batman it would not even
be close whoa whoa rich I mean you're
totally right it's press a fucking Buick
this season he's he's got insane
reflexes he's got he's got precognitive
reflexes absolutely dodging punches
before their throne he would wipe the
floor with Batman's cape and Batman
attached that would be the mop handle
yeah yeah for all of Batman's jujitsu
spider-man the spider sense is what wins
out wonderful present all on that plus
plus the speed plus the strength
spider-man spider-man is not an idiot
plus the wedding yeah yeah oh I i mean i
agree with you i just i like i like how
worked up you're getting about it I've
given this thought well obviously
gobbledygook raises an interesting
question which is what about Christian
Bale vs. Andrew Garfield obviously
Christian Bale is a super-strong crazy
person so he wins
hold on Holland is it an ambush or was
Batman aware before you can't ambush
spider-man yeah unless your venom so
like Batman can't even really set up a
trap right because the second that
spider-man gets close to the trap he
senses danger you understand so there's
nothing that Batman could set up ahead
of time that spider-man wouldn't know as
soon as he got there and some amount of
knowledge beforehand yeah if like in any
of these situations sure I think you
have to assume that both parties are
prepared for battles but not necessarily
prepared for battle against each other
their everyday tools yes there every day
carry normally carry around with them
yes so Batman um you know what will even
give Batman the Batmobile because he
rides that around so that the Batmobile
crashes into spider-man while swinging
through new york / Gotham and they had
to have it out spider-man wins one and
by wins he gives Batman a little wedgie
and swings away cuz they each other no
no Batman would humiliate a spider-man
would humiliate Batman and then just go
about his day absolutely absolutely
Batman might then try to counter in
which case spider-man will win again
because he's fucking spider-man
spider-man is I think I don't know if
we've ever had a bro moment about
spider-man but spider-man is my absolute
favorite superhero the one recourse
Batman would have would be to find Peter
Parker's identity and just just expose
him and that's about the only thing
Batman could really do to spider-man I
saw this awful i saw this awful like new
version of the Justice League that's on
netflix and and basically that's how
Batman stop Superman is just by calling
him Clark oh yeah okay okay it's a
really awful it's a cartoon movie like
called like League of tomorrow what I
don't know what it's called as awful
I hated them they make a lot of
stand-alone DC animated down yeah it was
and and that's basically how he stopped
Superman he just goes really Clark and
that stop Superman cuz cuz that's dumb
but anyway i'm gonna start playing
without i'm gonna try to Lord of the
Flies we can continue talking about how
dumb Batman is look there are plenty of
people who could beat spider-man but
Batman is not one of them yeah he's just
he doesn't have the firepower like
Superman he would like accidentally
break spider man's face yeah but but
Batman no that's just not gonna happen
can we talk about how much I hate
Superman has a character you can I I
won't agree with you well but here's the
thing Superman is very powerful and I
find that in most situations the writers
of Superman don't handle his weakness
correctly mmm and of course his weakness
is caring about other people okay
obviously obviously kryptonite is his
weakness but fuck that because there's
always a way around kryptonite
apparently if Superman's real weakness
is he doesn't want people to get hurt
he's trying to help everybody and those
are the great Superman stories I I think
the problem is worrying about Superman
being overpowered I think the thing with
Superman is you want to see him be
overpowered that's the whole point is
that he just kicks ass but that's not
the whole point the whole point is he
kicks ass but he's doing it for a
purpose and his purpose is his weakness
okay you know like of course he kicks
ass and the the stories that fuck up
Superman are just when he's in a giant
punching battle with an also powerful
alien those are the lamest stories but
the stories where he's just up against
some run-of-the-mill thug who has
hostages and Superman has to
figure out a way to save the day and not
get any of the hostages killed that's a
good Superman story mmm yeah yeah I
enjoy the idea of Superman but very few
have gotten Superman stories right I I
have not given them as much thought as
batman vs. spider babe so huh oh god
damn it I wasn't paying attention again
this is gonna be a short run yeah shit
happens you know I'm gonna try guys huh
I'm officially trying now god damn it I
am ashamed at my Isaac skill right now I
might just tank this run are you far
into it no gonna take it I'm tanging it
you guys important oh you could fight on
and see how far you can get now fuck
that like like in the true spirit of
Isaac huh you would fight on yeah no I
don't think that's true i think was just
start over like that I Zack would start
over because I just did how about that
okay okay I like are you guys it does
money but around better round already
we're dealing we're dealing much better
with this already come here you stupid
fucking spider okay great
thirsties 60 spiderman vs 60s Batman 60s
Batman operates on such a level of
reality that I that that I can't even
conceive of those two characters meeting
each other the time when you had things
like like Batman and I like a rainbow
colored costume for some reason and that
all sorts of weird things yeah I can't
even imagine those two coexisting and
60s spider-man was remarkably similar to
modern-day spider-man yes and so while I
agree with your with your knee-jerk
premise of those who do not exist in a
world in which they can exist together
it would see it would still be
spider-man yeah cuz 60s spider-man had
some deep shit going on I have all the
collections of the early spider-man
books not the actual comics because I
thought I've got the marvel masterworks
edition of most of those I think I got
the Steve Ditko run for sure some of the
realists and I do as well and they're
great and and they're they're very
similar tonally to modern-day spider-man
which speaks to how good a character
spider-man but it helps that I discover
that ship when I was 15 when Peter was
also 15 yes it was a lot of identifying
going on true that
yeah I wonder I wonder how many people
get into superheroes when they're adults
is it is the is the answer nobody Aish
probably are super here is just a kid
thing i don't i don't know the movies
are making people check out the comic
books I don't know that's historically
ever happened oh I'm sure it does i'm
absolutely sure it does I mean these
characters are welling alive because of
the movies the only reason I'm I'm
trying to think of a modern-day a
Hellboy i only check that Hellboy
because of the movie yeah so so I'm
gonna say absolutely people check out
comics because of movies I think I
checked out Hellboy because Erik Larsen
was a fan and I I I love erik larson
savage dragon was was great okay and i
never read savage dragon but i enjoy
that the hell my books there's some fun
books and i only got in i only read
those books because of the hell boy
movie which I didn't think was that
great but it was something I have real
problems with the hell boy movies I
don't think that guillermo del toro can
direct action mmm and that sucks because
he's done he'll boy and he's done robot
jox part 2 and I think he's really bad
at action I'm gonna what is that movie
called what is ruined pacific rim yeah
oh yeah um so I've got an eye on the
chat her school no keep an eye on the
chat they thought of it I thought of
what the movie was called though yeah
both Hellboy and Hellboy the golden army
while I thought were fun we're really
disappointing because they were lacking
they were lacking some action that I
like in my superhero movies mmm
I don't have I don't have an incredible
amount of love or the Hellboy movies I
have a mild amount of love people people
in the chat keep asking me about what I
think of current comic books I I haven't
I swear to God I have not been in a
comic book store since one more day
which which it was my official last
straw really yeah yeah you gotta get
back in yes it's you know I I like comic
books but it's too expensive a hobby now
that's really true like five bucks an
issue no I'm not doing that you got to
get yourself an iPad yeah cuz they have
you know digital they have digital
networks and subscription plans and all
that whosay what see that's what Lisa
does she loves it comic books it's been
a while since I've been to a comic store
as well I will say that only because
it's got to have expensive which is just
the truth of it it's a it's an expensive
expensive hobby that's that's the only
reason I wouldn't like inoa
controversially during one of the
streams I i recommend somebody not get
into comic books and that's that's not
out of a hate of comic books it's an
expensive hobby it really is Oh mom's
pearl or Liberty Cap okay chat what what
oh my wife
what what happened something happened
what's going on however i talked about
how oh I guess maybe I've never said her
name before well there you go um my
wife's name is lisa i mentioned that
lisa has the Marvel reading app okay
antenna chat was just like Lisa Lisa
it's my wife who's really into comics
and now I'm asking them do I want mom's
pearl or the Liberty Cap me and said no
I need one of them that wasn't he
Oh God being being a vintage music
instrument collector that's got to be a
fucked-up hobby ooh someone tell me what
moms probe gives you soul hearts
sometimes Liberty Cap changes your
mushroom go pearl okay yeah I'd live
with like a soul heart sometimes so I'm
gonna go with pearl thank you what so
harms what do we think of y the last man
or preacher oh you like preacher right I
i adore preacher i want to borrow that
freak of them preacher might be one of
my favorite comic books of all time
that's that's counting the watchman
really yes i mean it's it's really funny
this is a really really dark humor in
preacher some great blasphemy and and
fun some Gras last for me do you find
some blasphemy to be subpar i'm sure
this was probably a subpar blasphemy out
there I've never heard anyone compliment
blasphemy before is I guess I'm saying
hey Jack I'm I'm an atheist nothing no
no and you know I it's not it's not that
it's I've never heard anyone like go out
of the way to say ooh that blast mate
was top-notch cuz it's hysterical
there's the there's the inbred
descendant of Jesus Christ probably
that's probably one of my own apart one
of my favorite story lines in feature
that's really funny um then there's y
the last man which started strong and
ended week it just kind of fizzled at
the end y the last man uh yeah it's it's
a wide colon my last man yeah every
every single last male mammal on earth
dies except for one this one ph called
Yorick oh okay
okay that sounds great what our new
comics said I have no I have no idea
this is a question to the chat like what
what's new in the comics world here you
got what you got here is to you got to
old fogies who at one point loved comic
books right give us recommend to us the
one that we will read one thing and the
only one thing and here's the stakes if
it's garbage we're done with comics
forever I'm not even thinking I'm not
even making that promise this is what
I'm saying I'm saying i will i will read
one thing I wouldn't get into comics
again unless I had a shitload of
disposable income well no what I'm
saying is if it's garbage I give up on
comics for always for you okay right now
it's like yeah I still enjoy comics and
I'll pick up the odd you know Sandman
mystery theater and graphic novel now
and again collection now and again give
me one give me one I would do I work
only in extremes only assist us ass saga
read this sorry did you just make a I
know I'm sorry oh my god there's a new
52 Supergirl I'm so into it oh my god
where's your shoutout face-eating cutie
pie if you are new subscriber thank you
for subscribing I super appreciate it I
apologize if I didn't give you a shout
out i was i was playing a video game if
you think you think that why about that
I just watch you think that you think
they lie about being a new subscriber
you think you think that person just
wanted a second shout out for some
reason I mean they're probably a new
subscribe probably a new subscribers
what I'm saying that's what
that's what I'm saying there is a small
possibility that they are an old
subscriber who we didn't give a shout
out two streams and streams ago but if
you are a new subscriber or an old
subscriber thank you to all subscribers
and a nother thank you to all people who
are watching us just in general thanks
to everybody thanks everyone all the
time how about them okay I have to pay
attention now all right
we got poop Richard got poop we have
lots of poop okay we got poop and we got
things making poop but that's okay we're
dealing with it that's what I do here
you you can deal with the poop i'll just
sit back and watch oh shit i'm dealing
with it dealing with poop one more poop
monster to go one more poop monster to
go get out of here get out of here there
we go I fucking dealt with that poop
monster like a champ great so hard yes
you did you you really cried on that
poop you you go Jack ah what am i
dealing with a toddler you did that poop
good haha did i do my poopy good yes you
did read it I reading it real or bros
rich what is your opinion of me you're
fine you're fine ah yeah I have no
problems with you you're fine you know
what you you're in the you're watching
us and and you you didn't say anything
horribly offensive so you seemed like an
alright dude or like he seemed like an
alright person so at what point did I
become an atheist I don't think I ever
really believed tell you the honest
truth church was something I was always
kind of forced to go with I I never
really got much out of it and always
seemed kinda silly and just wasn't for
me yeah I have nothing against religious
people by the way my atheism is just
it's a personal thing my fiance goes to
church I have no problems with it just
I'm not a believer you can't make
yourself believe and I feel no desire to
believe so i don't i don't know rich
that sounds pretty even-handed and calm
minded
I think you need some more extremist
viewpoints here yeah yeah no it would be
far more fun that way yeah people people
like it one live the two bugs the jar I
think it shake it the bugs fight yeah
agreed yeah cuz that's the that's the
one rule everybody if you remember the
one rule is be excellent to each other
that's the one rule to rule to rule them
all I've heard they're making a third
billeted movie that's I have also heard
that and I'm pretty excited that seems
weird yes they're they're old men mm-hmm
but do those characters is old men
that'll be fun especially like kiano is
now a pretty accomplished actor like oh
sure he's no longer he's no longer Ted
from point blank you know so it's it's
that to me is what to me how Keanu
Reeves is going to play that character
is more fascinating than anything else
you know I went to uh I have there was a
story I was gonna tell I've lost it oh
well okay that was a great story jack Oh
atheism I went to Catholic great school
I don't know if you knew that about me I
I did too for a year and a half all of
my grade school was at Catholic grade
schools so not only not only did we go
to church on Sundays but we got to go to
church during school days to it was
mandatory joy yeah yeah boy no it was uh
it was great it was super fantastic
oh yes believe what you believe be
excellent to each other bill and ted
part 3 you can't do this characters as
old men but that'll just that's the fun
part it won't work it will fail they're
either gonna dirty they're going to be
so different that there's no point in
making a sequel or they'll just it'll be
or they'll act like they did when they
were supposed to be younger and it'll
just be weird I here's what I'll say if
they acted like they did when they were
younger which they won't because if you
remember at the end of Bill and Ted too
they were a little bit older and a
little bit wiser yeah the video but we
have the last five minutes yeah the last
five minutes they were older and wiser
and rock gods you can't you can't have
those characters be mature wouldn't be
the same type of movie you're not making
a billon said comedy film at that point
you're making some kind of bizarre new
thing but there there is there is a
story in there there is a story of older
and wiser Bill and Ted perhaps they have
babies their children maybe they're just
there to usher their children into their
own adventure maybe it's older Bill and
Ted being older and wiser and being
thrown into a situation that they're not
equipped to deal with yet you may as
well do a modern-day sequel to look
who's talking now whether the kids are
both adults and they just talk normally
no that is that I mean you best you may
as well just know rich that would be
ridiculous the
and by ridiculous I mean it's already in
production just from you mentioning it
in this stream someone who's already
working on that movie yeah so
congratulations rich you ruined
Hollywood look look who's talking
because they're an adult and old enough
to talk normally and they do normal
things now the look who's talking just
every single rom-com that's out there
maybe I don't know rom-com I know we'd
rom-com out of that their babies yeah
what the hump um just no because because
the this the main story of look who's
talking is the relationship between John
Travolta and kristie alley it was a
rom-com look who's talking is a rom-com
all right all right yes listen don't
quiz me about rom-com son I hey you're
the undisputed expert of rom coms thank
you thank you thank you that's a lot to
me he's saying gems what do I do oh oh
I've messed up I messed up bridge nope
you know like you know how you do a
modern-day grown up look who's talking
say pole what you cast bruce willis and
you cast him as like an adult baby he's
like he's got one of those fetishes no
no walking around with a diaper no you
can't get that's how you do it no no
that's that's crazytown how can I lose
again I'm totally gonna lose again not
yet no you can't have him it can't be
fetishized but you could have Bruce
Willis as a man-child just as a man who
has no responsibilities or want of
responsibilities that could work okay
okay but is there any point in doing
that as a look who's talking sequel only
for name recognition tie this back into
the bill and ted 3 and how it's weird no
only for name recognition but but bill
and ted's had bill and ted had
characters
they had characters that we cared about
and so seeing where those characters
ended up would be interesting to me as a
fan of the series so so as as a fan of
the the first to just just just let it
lie I don't like I'm i'm taking my
Ghostbusters stance here not that not
that bill and ted is anywhere near as
precious to me as Ghostbusters but my
Ghostbuster stances just let sleeping
dogs lie it's a good movie it'll always
be a good movie and it doesn't need a
follow-up um yes I'm gonna I can agree
with you I much like much like
everything I think there's a world in
which there could be a good Ghostbuster
sequel got guts going nuts just because
Jack fucked up your shoutout I'm gonna
give it to you hey going good guts going
nuts shoutout thank you for becoming a
subscriber what I did a terrible job you
think you know you did great it's great
I mean okay you know great ish it's good
i'm looking back in the stream to win
guts going nuts listen Jax playing right
now I know I needed that ladder I didn't
have enough money to buy the ladder
Jack's playing right now so I can't give
shoutouts I'm sorry because once I start
paying attention to the chat I start
losing and I want to win dammit you got
a lot of hearts yeah i got all my
heart's back I really thought I was
gonna lose but I got all my heart's back
according to octo J they subscribed near
the beginning of this room oh then I'm
sure I give you a shout out or maybe I
didn't I don't know I'm sorry guts going
nuts I like you got to go nuts do you
think Disney will recast Indiana Jones
you get old indeed if they make another
one they'll probably go the recasting
route because everybody hated Crystal
Skull we can only hope yeah well that's
not a one who cares if it's if it's not
you know young Harrison Ford who cares
it's different movie at that point yeah
but that's a movie where it could you
know like James Bond no because there's
there's dozens of generic adventure
movies none of them are Indiana Jones
movies I mean like Alan Highland
quarterman minds what was that one's
there's another knock off I don't know
Ellen quarter minds well it was his name
Ellen's something in the lost yeah
whatever I Machir talking crazy town you
are making up words and sang them as if
they're real words I do that sometimes
most times people don't notice uh I'm
noticing Oh is secret thank you
Ellen quarter mines Quartermain quarter
maybe whatever you whatever I don't give
a shit I mean at the point you're
recasting Harrison Ford it may as well
just be any kind of jerk adventure movie
with with that type of 1930s hero you
know sure sure I mean but it's just it's
an excuse to make an old-school
adventure movie an Indiana Jones you
know but you need to drag the Indiana
Jones name of do it just because okay
well just because just cuz that's the
excuse just like James Bond like you
could have just a spy movie you know
like yeah here's the new spy but James
Bond is the institution like like the
bourne identity which actually did very
well for itself and didn't need to call
us off James Bond anything yeah but I
dislike you can you can make a new
franchise you go you can that is
possible it is I really disliked the
bourne movies and they can be successful
well then out there yeah yeah they can
be uh listen I don't disagree with you I
don't disagree with you I'm just saying
it's not the worst thing in the world
Brandon branding is not the worst thing
in the world yeah but they make it I'm
not gonna give a shit about it it's not
for you to give a shit about for
everyone else alright alright then you
can even come back to the theater and
complain about it and I'll say well what
did you expect well it's one thing it's
one thing if they remake Indiana Jones
in that you know like James Bond like
okay here's the Indiana Jones he's young
and handsome and he's the he's uh I
don't know who's could be a good Indiana
Jones nowadays I don't know Harrison
well not anymore but Harrison Ford is
the only person I can imagine in that
role no like who's that who's the hot
young I don't give a shit you don't get
shit know like what's uh what's that not
good
for that role Harrison Ford made that
fucking roll yeah but like someone like
a like like you're like Peter Venkman
that is not a role you can retest it
does not work that way you know here's
here's my here's my go-to just cuz he's
hot right now like that like you're
Chris you're Chris Pratt's you know
you're star-lord yeah you know he would
make a decent Indiana Jones a little
humor little little suaveness just make
a new franchise and don't call it in the
air Jones that's pointless it's
absolutely pointless that's what gets
the movie made that took off fuck that's
what sells the movie you need you need
to something to sell the movie then you
set yourself up to be compared to the
old Indiana Jones movies so make it as
good ah yeah yeah that's just it just
like that just like that just like that
we just make a good movie I mean it's
easy I've made zero movies and I can
tell you how easy it is oh my god you do
have a pizza roll now fart bubbler are
you a new subscriber if you are thank
you for subscribing we appreciate it by
the way I really like the name fart
bubbler you know I rich why cuz it has
the word fart in it do you remember
American flat you laters hey you know
don't you want a don't ya know I do I
hope I remember how amused I was that
you guys had to watch it and not me in
Indiana Jones was not really a ripoff of
other movies it was a homage it was done
in a similar style other type of movies
there was not an older series from 30s
called you know Indiana Jones Indiana
Jones serials every didn't know I mean
it's not the same sorry that was that
was in response to a a chat person Oh
what did the chapters and say uh Indiana
Jones was ripping off something I came
before in absolute
alright well it would be in it it was a
humanish okay it like much like star
wars indiana jones was a homage to the
adventure cereal yet you know you know
what was different between those other
adventure cereals and indiana jones
Harrison Ford and well no no that's not
fair Harrison Ford Arison Ford was part
of the reason thing that was different
but the real thing that was different
Richard you should know this is budget
sure they they gave corny adventure
serials a budget and a gravitas to match
the budget and they made fantastic
movies like star wars and indiana jones
so if we wanted to recreate that indiana
jones feel what we need to do is find
something that people enjoy that's made
cheaply that or people enjoyed and was
made cheaply 30 years ago and make it
important and with a big budget now so
30 years ago was was what the eighties
that's something like that yes so what
was made what was turned out cheaply in
the 80s what was the new thing of the
80s the 80s wasn't a decade where they
turned out things cheaply it was a
decade where they spent money on things
no I'm sure well but that's the thing
you have to find the thing that they
didn't spend I guess I guess I guess
slasher movies were made cheaply sure
damn it that's the worst powerup I hate
my power up so sure slasher movies that
was an 80s staple absolutely but the
slasher movies existed before that what
did the 80s bring Joe this all you check
I don't know okay I don't know oh god I
don't know either I don't know either
and in films that's right the 80s
invented your teenage coming-of-age film
your risky biz your risky business
you're sixteen Candles your breakfast
clubs there you go your your bill and
ted's there you go so what we need
is for someone to take the coming of age
story seriously and give it a super big
budget your your tits filled Porky's you
know your your comedy sex adventure yeah
this is a horrible idea i hate this is
yeah i'm just i'm just letting you go on
um thank you thank you for letting me go
on but if this is a horrible idea nobody
should do this idea I've never watched a
man dig his own grave before yeah you
know I was I was trying to I was hoping
I could come up with something to prove
a point be like ooh that is a good idea
and I couldn't so you know okay okay
failure is always an option how about
how about the big-budget remake of I
Dream of Jeannie am I dreaming trying to
bring it around full circle Jack trying
to that's this line of thinking that's
incredibly full circle raiders of the
lost ark in 1981 hmm but then you would
just be like if you owe maj Indiana
Jones all you're doing is Oh moshing I
nomas you're making a copy of a copy
well on you couldn't come up with
something because the 80 sucked gremlins
Indiana Jones Robocop a predator
terminator predator everything good came
out of the 80s we're recycling the 80s
now oh absolutely absolutely are yeah
you know what grandpa suture gremlins
creature films this is what we need rich
Creed quite hard Oh die hard you mean
the best movie ever made everything good
came out of the 80s 80s are one of the
best decades for movies in my opinion
absolutely
oh oh okay that helped that actually
helped I did something that helped yeah
creature rubber puppet monster movies we
need someone to take a rubber puppet
monster movie seriously like gremlins
like gremlins which was already taken
seriously in gremlins boucher who tears
up fucky I'll take that you know what
you're absolutely right did gremlins
have a mammogram Mullins had a decent
budget all right gremlins nailed it with
thee yeah Oh taking it seriously and
having a decent budget all right just
let's just watch gremlins how about that
that sounds like a fantastic idea
what fuck oh just dying I know you're
not seeing it yet oh it's not doing well
but there's a rook I'll assume you're
gonna pull through and be this game with
you that's just that's the Assumption
I'm working under right now I think
that's a great assumption let's make
that let's all make that assumption fuck
except for it's totally not gonna happen
because I'm fucking dying fuck oh nope
I'm gonna die I'm gonna die right now
I'm sorry no no I'm not dead yet coming
it's coming cojiro no I might make it
might just make it
rich why am I so bad at video games
that's a question that needs to be asked
cuz you're an adult defensed I've been
not bad at this video game before I have
proof that I have been not been good at
this video game before smelter wedge and
Nia laughs at your name shutout for
subscribing smelter wedging Leffler eous
something-something name pronounced name
yeah that'd like a very fancy name let's
got like 18 syllables oh my god i can i
can i can make out smelter smelter wedge
in all melted wedge in all of us there
where else spare there Oh smelter wedge
in all of us smelter why'd you in all of
us that's a that's a decent name yeah
rolls right off the tongue by the way
where it's rich what's it like working
with Mike uh depressing just just
horribly depressed Richard played Xena
not yet uh no not not in the last 15
minutes i have not right adults we've
already talked about rich and his
playing of Xena knots rich I'll avenge
11-fold would like a shout-out for being
an educator in the American school
system shout out to of what is it
avenged 11 folds 11e fold for being an
educator in the American school system
please try and do a better job in the
future please we need you to nicely yeah
maybe you have a better idea than anyone
it exactly how fucked we are do you know
how fucked we are avenged 11 fallen the
the answer is very by the way say there
now they're there they're asking about
Xena not even more no no of course there
yeah yeah I mean that's the that's the
joke now they got their joke now fuck
get out of here get out of here get out
of here get out of here get out of here
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck oh I need a
better power of bridge oh yes you do go
get a better power object I can why not
these runs don't have power up rooms if
they'll play up play a normal run I'm
doing the challenges I'm doing the
challenges they're more challenging
I I quite honestly just I do not have
drug stories tell you I hips literally
zero drug stories because I'm a
teetotaler so a teetotaler it's been a
while since I've heard anyone faith it
usually usually referred to somebody who
doesn't drink right but for me I i use
it because i haven't done drugs or drink
so you know that makes you that makes
you a mega teetotaler it makes me all
the Tia's total or whoever total the tea
nice that makes me the Boston teetotaler
party does that make any sense no that
made perfect sense i loved it a total
teetotaler party yeah he's one bomb get
to yes late lady teetotaler look at me
nice I can't take credit for that that
was a chat coming oh well he teetotaler
the cat lady by who said that I don't
know if somebody said it before but home
hometown markup said that well it's a
good one that was a good that's a good
rip shit get him flies get him Huck Huck
Oh fucking dying I fucking died ah my
mic awful I I have not been coughing
this much just maybe it's cuz I'm
talking loud yeah like yella yes it buck
ridge I died
I'm really upset I'm really upset with
how poor i'm doing i'm up i'm completely
neutral the hub for you're doing less
fine I feel I feel like I'm failing the
game I feel like I'm failing once yeah
and that's that's more important so not
true Richard you should feel good rich
we're living the dream Oh whose dream I
don't know but we're living in Oh do you
know what story I was gonna tell look
Mike Kim Kardashian story okay yes
you're ready I remember that from eight
hours ago remember that for me two hours
ago I have I have a Kim Kardashian story
and this is why by the way I give I re I
won I respect Kim Kardashian for her
crude and amazing business sense and two
I think Kim Kardashian is a lovely lady
so here's my kim kardashian story okay
we were doing this video it was a high
it was one of the high five montages it
was high five Super Bowl and at the time
Kim Kardashian was dating a good
footballer named Reggie Bush who was
playing in the Super Bowl okay so as
we're in we're in Miami for the super
bowl this will give you an idea of the
year whenever the Super Bowl was in
Miami we're in Miami and our job to make
this video it was the video consisted of
two guys high-fiving and then whenever
we could we would get a celebrity or an
athlete in the video and people were
down there for the superbowl so Kim
Kardashian is down in Miami because
Reggie Bush is in the Super Bowl or in
the Pro Bowl or something I forget
doesn't matter yeah our people talk to
her people and she says yes I will be in
your high five video but we need to we
need
to film it in this shop in a certain
part of miami and of course we say
absolutely because kim kardashian is a
big name we will go anywhere you need us
to go in Miami and as it turns out the
shop was owned by one of her sisters it
was there like boutique fashion shop and
the you know part of that is like okay
you know we filming the shop and they
see that in the video that's good
business sense right mmm and we film our
little bit with her where the guys high
five and she's in it and I've never
found him before this I've never found
Kim Kardashian to be particularly
attractive because I've only seen her on
TV and on magazine covers but seeing
that woman in real life rich okay god
damn she is a very attractive lady and
and by the way I still see her like on
magazines and don't find her attractive
but in person maybe it was maybe it was
heard just her pheromones but she's
putting out but what is her orders her
personality like who gives a fuck I I do
jack because I'm not a mindless the
Ender tall ok ok I I want a woman that
eigen respect in the morning hey rich
mehdi Morris mehdi Morris thanks for
subscribing we super appreciate it um
here's the thing i'm sure she's a decent
person i don't care if she was a decent
person I've I'm talking purely on a look
spaces I I've never found her attractive
but seeing her in person she's a very
attractive lady um so you know we get
our shots done with her but her business
sense goes beyond just having us film
the video in the store because as we are
walking out of the store suddenly there
is paparazzi everywhere and they weren't
there when we showed up you know we
showed up before her and and set up our
shot and you know make sure that it
would be
a quick five minutes cuz that's what we
promised all celebrities it'll just be
five minutes as we leave all the
paparazzi's they're there taking
pictures she she does her thing and
leaves right now we're down and we're
talking to the paparazzi it's like how
the hell did you guys know and they say
oh you know her she told us she told us
where she would be and I'm sure that's
information that they you know was not
normally that they would give up what
they saw that we were also filming
something so not only did she get
placement of our video of her sisters
boutique but she got paparazzi's to take
her picture in front of her boutique I'm
sure they tweeted about where they were
shooting these pictures at it was all a
business thing to get people to know
where her sisters shop was in Miami okay
okay and oh that kind of business smarts
has to be respected okay you know she
has a brand she understands how it works
she when the video came out she tweeted
it she did well by the video she's a
decent lady so Kim Kardashian decent
lady smart business lady that's all I
got yeah I want to interject us a whole
bunch of people in the chat now yeah
they're defending Neanderthals truth
about Neanderthals is that they weren't
dumb but they were sweet sensitive and
kind so apparently i'm not politically
correct because i just insulted and your
Tulsa I love it yeah yeah ah well there
you go there's nothing else you need to
know hey guys that's why Kim
Kardashian's story she's a fine lady and
and and by the way Jax theme song is is
anaconda everyone is everyone is making
assumptions that because I find Kim
Kardashian to be attractive I'm an ass
man and those assertions are correct
absolutely and yes I will play FTL now
we're gonna play FTL oh my god okay oh
thank god right right but first let's
all wish Isaac a happy birthday for
anyone who has not bought the binding of
isaac it is under a dollar on Steam
right now go fucking behind 474 cents
it's great

[Part III]
Transcript missing
