Nov 18, 2015
FTL: Faster Than Light, Invisible Inc, Rocket League
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/27901525
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/27901790
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/27902032
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/27902087
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGxsUzLkeqw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo80VIEKZn0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DCuCwY06Tk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DT7x9sO87hY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/667078012479930370

[Part I]
no they don't notice anything you don't
think they've noticed they've never
noticed anything different ever like
like the the last couple streams we
didn't have a face cam yeah nobody
notice the thing that's I know I know
they're not a very um they're not very
bright
well I was observant they're not very
observant yeah yeah well it's kind of
the same thing is that very bright
no you know I think there's a there's a
brightness oh look how high up that is
we have a primary complaint that Ridge
had about the face cam was you know we
would talk to you guys but have to look
at the chat and so we moved the camera
real quick though well I'm looking at
the screen krieger 7 8 3 14 months in a
row and telegin 15 months in a row you'd
be Krieger 7 8 3 buy buy buy one month
one month congratulations thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do alright hearings
working on this oh my god we had 18 more
or I find my vine will say y'all know oh
my god they're all pouring in future
future J oh um just this guy you know on
kool-aid man 13 months in a row and
press B to dick punch thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do mm-hmm
anybody else who shows up after that
well tough shit you're gonna wait all
right we're streaming we're going oh my
god we got games shit game we got the
cam and the the thing that was taking us
a little longer to to get down is if
you're watching this online it's
something we talked about a little bit
ago we now have a tip jar and we have no
idea if it works but under under the
screen there's a little link to to
stream tip dot-com if you tip something
may happen if you test something may
happen something may happen we
to set a tip limit and so we set the tip
limit it'll only show up on screen if
you tip over $2,000 yes right
so $2,000 that's that's the mark you
want something amazing to happen yeah
and that's it if you want to if not no
big deal that's how it works
turn on the game turn on the game so
rich I already had problems with my
title of the stream yeah ink blot test
and like you know I just tried to come
up with a with a quick thing so
invisible ink blot test it looks like a
bird because the you know they kind of
have wings
I've never do when you see in blood
tests I've always see birds no I don't
always see I usually they look like
vaginas then all seriousness I've never
done I don't care to me yeah they almost
all look like a pelvis you just got a
squiggly thing in each side it's kind of
like a big 8 shape like a pelvic bone
pelvic bone okay public bone like an ax
skeleton okay okay I think that's fine
I've never actually thought about an
inkblot test more than like seeing them
on TV shows and whatnot if that's a
normal thing I'm gonna turn our volume
get to the main cinema
like the Dodger and get out no detours
proceeding to target so we're playing
invisible ink because there is a new dlc
new characters items that's great well
see how it all works up so the big news
in our life
yes is I have now seen a Neal Breen film
pea brain it's done something to my
brain
yeah Breen is life yeah brain is love
he's also deaf he's also dead he's like
all income to sample everything he is
one of everything is everything
yeah and it's beautiful Neal Breen
movies are officially beautiful is that
much people to say about November we
can't go to to into it we were talking
to on the twits I know we were tweeting
yes yeah I've been admitted is how did
this conversation go well you know like
I know a lot of people in chat and a lot
of people on my Twitter we're
recommending green and actually someone
the the copy that we want thank you wow
thank you lost in Technicolor for a
thank you 30 seconds I've been it lost
in Technicolor says I've been subscribed
for roughly 15 months but it never shows
up just
well Lawson technicolor we do appreciate
know how bad is the volume on that is it
the word is it deafening we're rushing
to get that set up before the stream
uh-huh it's possible that's cranked up
to huh it might be a little hard down
Chris nope all right great we're stuck
woman yay oh that's right leave makeup
leav leave a cup sent us double down and
and and way obviously we loved it yeah
but thank you leav echo like so I was
tweeting with Edmund because lower the
game audio I can do that yeah that we
can do for sure he is also a is a huge
bad movie fan and he's a fan of best of
the worst and red letter media in
general and so we chat sometimes and he
is the most excited that we finally saw
oh my god oh that's right gobbledygook
gobbledygook thank you for donating $25
we really appreciate that and he says
play DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's
free you fucks there's there's something
we might be playing next week that
should be exciting might be you get
teased him jack I kept tease him we
might be doing something fun on next
Wednesday who's new it's quite possible
that we're doing something really fun
next Wednesday
Olivia is new Olivia is new no idea what
she does find out the saying it will be
oh that would be great if we could make
it so the more money people donated the
louder it got you can just do it you can
just do the same because there's an
option to like split it yeah like you
don't want to do dollars yeah we use
upload the same file our volume they we
could yeah we could lease we could
totally do that
yes yes consider it done next time Oh
that'd be great
$2,000 will make you deaf
that would be hilarious but I think he's
yeah we were neil breeding yeah we're
breeding we were we were breeding we
were bringing about Neal and and Ed
McMillan wanted to do a screening of was
a double no nor the other one one of
them one of them and he tweeted at Neil
Neil Breen asking you know for
permission to do it oh yeah and what do
you say oh and and breehn breehn was
like absolutely not like legal legal
reasons we can absolutely cannot cannot
screen my movie and it's it's it's like
he responded to it on his Twitter but he
it wasn't like a personal response it's
just like on his Twitter please don't
screen Oh Neil Breen doesn't know how to
use Twitter follow him on Twitter
because instead of replying to people he
just tweets out to all of his followers
the answers to random questions if you
follow him on Twitter you'll just see
him say like no maybe next week it's a
nobody and you can't find the question
that anyone asked him he's a beautiful
beautiful Neil Breen is a beautiful man
thank you tell me though the head of a
grill and he kept badgering he did bring
about I don't know if this is a story we
can share no I don't know okay I'm
unsure so I don't I don't want to I
don't want to say the end of his story
all right that's fair enough but the
point is you should kneel Breen is
beautiful and and we finally saw we saw
double down and I'm really excited about
that you should all watch I don't
believe that Breen can use five laptops
at once I know on kool-aid man well we
we think none of them might be on but I
think I think Neil Breen is so good mmm
he does not need to see what's on the
screen and he has his screams and
disabled so that nobody
see what he's doing on the computer yeah
created a monster we've created a bit of
a monster okay I love it and I'm saying
the things you guys are typing in the
notes aren't showing up oh my god oh I
wanted I want the notes well I'll figure
that out I'll fix this cuz like the
notes I want I want you guys to be able
to see the notes that you type that's
part of the fun yeah right now yeah all
they're seeing is they're just saying
the name in the amount oh okay well we
gotta fix that we gotta fix that looking
at while I'm doing this I do well first
we should thank the people yeah
leftover beefcake thank you for the five
dollars the five dollars that leftover
beefcake is giving us is to invest in
acetone to dunk these steam controllers
into I don't well here's I want to I
want to make this clear yeah I don't
hate the steam controller I just think
if you already own a controller yeah and
or a keyboard mouse it's just not really
worth it right it doesn't do anything
better if I mean like I can only speak
from a perspective of the way a mouse
and keyboard user yeah it's definitely
not enough of a step up in shooters to
be worth it I'm just gonna keep using my
mouse and keyboard on the couch look at
this you got your boy yeah my board and
a mouse I'm on the couch and it's
working fine this is working just fine I
can do this so I can buy a steam
controller that's like it's like a buck
and a half but you got there oh this is
terrible no this is great I love it this
is everything we wanted and more this is
everything you wanted so thank you oven
as a navigator the ten dollars would
really appreciate that
my letter thank you thanks for being
awesome guys keep up the good work we
will skeletal snuggles says praise
breehn yes and we can all agree praise
be to Breen
we up two breezes breezes Brina Brina
s-- breezes breezes greenness well
because he's bringing it's gotta sound
like Jesus Breen will not accept any
lessening of his name that's a thing
about neo Breen that I know
so yes the skeletal smoogle praise be to
Breen
L Matan 106 I accept your feelings thank
you we appreciate that but do you accept
your life but but L Matan have you given
into our new Lord and Savior rhiness
tiny turnip thank you nominate us
because the sound this makes is fucking
hilarious it's a little silly I'm like
three turns that I've already fucked up
Jack oh you don't have a stun gun you
fucker
who is this and he's a new character I
don't know what he does know he did
Derek oh no yes he dun dunnn he just
says like pistol and I don't want to
kill him praise to breena's you have a
stun so you can stun him breena's you're
not supposed to show up Cameron Devine
this is the best thing ever to nuts
witches wants to know if I can do a
little jig I can I'll do a chair jig for
you I don't think that's a very good jig
I think that's downright embarrassing
just embarrassed I'll jig for money I'm
digging for money oh it's for money it's
for money well anything
anything yes we have rich did a special
recording for the new oh my god that's
actually what was taking us so long is
we had to quickly record that and and
get it get it ready for you guys you
approved thank you thank you I'm glad
you approve of my of my jig that was
just for you
Lucky Strikes I can't take off my shirt
that is against twitch broadcasting
rules really yeah
no no streamer cannot remove their shirt
male or female that is that's weird what
that is they don't want it to they don't
want their gaming streams to turn into
pervert rooms and you know it's not like
you can just make a rule against girls
yeah so it's in so I cannot I cannot
remove my shirt so you cannot see my
incredibly sexy body great well I'm glad
yeah so much louder than the what the
follow my god that is incredibly louder
than the motherfucker now we need to go
back and redo the what the fuck I think
can you take off clothes that are out of
frame I could theoretically like I could
turn off the camera and take off my
clothes or I could go like by the TV and
take off my clothes so rich Canadian I
used to stream without pants all the
time yeah every time as long as it's not
on camera it's fine you can do it
everyone favorite customer thank you
thank you for the 666 hack fraud or bust
you should be able to lean still why
aren't you bleeding we appreciate that
thank you a favorite customer execute
auto six six six need the important
thing here Neil bring me bream he made
me think of like like Chuck Norris
because Neil brain the man is he's a
badass
he's the mimetic badass you know and
Neil Breen can do everything not
anything he can do everything and he
does it better than
anybody else and that maybe you think
it's Chuck Norris well like for the
onion yeah you go ahead and fill in the
details for the uninitiated we've only
seen one Neil Breen movie but I do hear
that this permeates throughout all neo
breaking hey we're gaining tips but
we're losing and like I need to we need
to tweak the settings because like
people are showing up when they like I'm
just gonna use the real one people are
people are giving us like 60 cents oh
really
only alert for two dollars I should've
but it's not but it's not alright so
yeah well that's gotta change we're
gonna obviously this is our first run
with it so new key hunter says that they
would like Jack to eventually play
Arkham City I love the game and I think
he would - I am I am going to do that
I'm actually I think I'm pretty close to
asylum to beating asylum I still pick it
up every once in a while obviously we
have to play other stuff for the show
yeah but I'm actually pretty I've gotten
a lot farther in Arkham Asylum and so I
do plan on playing cities you haven't
playing so yes yes it's fun its own it's
you know the combat oh man that combat
is just great that combats the best but
by Chuck Norris Chuck Norris was the
thing Niro so so for the for the
uninitiated Neal Breen in his movies is
perfect he's a fighter pilot he's the
he's the best at everything he's a
computer hacker he's the best computer
hacker the government can't touch him
because he's a ninja he can create a
force field he knows how to he knows how
to do every I don't I don't want to
spoil too much but he can literally do
everything and he's the best at
everything
ever and and the Chuck Norris jokes I'm
sure everybody knows about this because
you know there's a lot of Chuck Norris
jokes where Chuck Norris is the
strongest man in the world oh yeah Chuck
Norris was between a rock and a hard
place and Chuck Norris won and Chuck
Norris were worn right yeah yeah you
know Chuck Norris got put on Santa's
naughty list now he runs the North Pole
yeah yeah Norris jokes yeah yeah but it
made me wonder because Chuck Norris he's
he's not a young man hmm
he's gonna die at some point and I'm
wondering are there people who already
have their Chuck Norris is dead Chuck
Norris I mean jokes written and saved
and they're waiting for Chuck Norris to
die and there's gonna be the post leg it
rained on Chuck Norris birthday he had
to go punch God is that going to happen
are they are these jokes already written
in anticipation of the man's death
here's the answer to that yeah
absolutely anyone who has ever taken the
time to write down a Chuck Norris joke
already has one of the works for when
he's dead like there's a thing on
Twitter where you can like save your
tweets as drafts yeah I am guessing more
than a hundred people have their Chuck
Norrises dead joke just like a click
away I am not having a good game you're
not oh fuck me uh holy guy give me a
second here I'll just this guy you know
thank you getting just this guy you know
is donating now while it's still
hilarious
thank you just this guy you know thank
you for a little bit for a week bio
seventeen weeks it'll be hilarious bio
pussy ninety once we fit once we fix
this hole under $2 thing
um long sub-bio pussy 92 thank you
Longshanks just found out I'm going to
be a father
congratulations Longshanks Longshanks is
going to be a father not you you're
already a father I'm already a father
but now long Chase is gonna be a father
it's not like you're gonna be a father
again I just wanted to make sure you
know sorry I was reading Longshanks
comments congratulations Longshanks I
was one I was one second away from
saying why the fuck don't I know before
him I'm your goddamn friend but
congratulations it's so much more work
than your then you think it's going to
be it's great I don't know if greats the
word it's if you want children having
children is great but you gotta wanna
because they are tiny tiny dickheads all
children why can this guy not because I
can think of just peeking around normal
corners because that is stupid
I forget what I should be able to peek
around this corner let's get a better
look
hey the option is no you need a movie I
have five movement points that's weird
created a monster you've created a
monster this is my idea okay Cameron
Cameron divine wants us to know that we
are hacks this is true this is true noob
camper wants to know if we would ever
consider playing survival games the long
dark or games of the like you guys make
the greatest voices Thank You noob
camper you know survival the long dark I
don't know the woman or the long dark
like don't starve that is that a
survival game oh yeah don't starve as a
survival I've heard really good things
about don't starving we have yet to play
that yeah but and they have a co-op now
don't start
so we will be doing don't starve rich
and I you know we don't much care for
survival horror right but maybe just a
survival game we would like Magpies are
us has donated money for the specific
acquisition of my next carton of eggs
Thank You Magpies I eat eggs every no
it's nice to know that somebody's
looking out for you Jack I appreciate
that I really I really appreciate that
Jon kilo wants me to insert a clever
comment here and I can't I'm very sorry
all of us is quoting Neal Breen smells
rotten all of us has come back again
come back again I am your spirit and
beer Meister twenty eighty nine says I'm
making this my ring turn and turning my
phone up as high as it will go the the
rich Evans oh my god ringtone is exactly
what you need in your life we'll make
sure we'll try to be quiet for the next
oh my god
and I'm kool-aid man is donating to
cover my Starbucks coffee thank you and
kool-aid man I really I really
appreciate that this is not good hi I
should just give up I should start again
yeah I should I should start another
game cuz I'm just fuckin up left and
right I'm really sorry I'm really really
sorry I can't do that why would they
take out oh wait they move it down here
why do they move it down there
that's just so there it is oh okay well
well they change usually it pops up
right right by you oh and you know what
I'm seeing that in the chat now they've
just moved to the corners why why would
they do stupid changed it I can't change
you know that's fine okay where were we
Chuck Norris jokes which we kind of just
finished but I want to write your own
shut Norris is dead jokes
see that's the anticipation I may be I
think we should do that
so people are writing
noise drugs jack notices dudes thank you
because I like the way you move
no thank you if you're a dude I noticed
you and if you're a chick I know to see
too so maybe we should write some Chuck
Norris jokes yeah in case of his death
but I think we need to be specific
okay like for example what if what if he
dies of a heart attack we need to think
of a joke in which Chuck Norris is so
strong or fast or something in case he
dies of a heart attack so you wonder
these one at a time let's workshop this
workshop Chuck okay some Chuck Norris
death jokes because that's wholly
appropriate Chuck Chuck Norrises heart
was afraid of him and could only escape
through death Chuck Norris is so strong
he actually had a heart attack five
years ago and was holding his heart
hostage something like that that's a
Chuck Norris joke he only died because
he it couldn't make the ransom Chuck
Chuck Norris died of a heart attack only
because his heart got into a fight with
his lungs or something like that
there's something in there it was him
who attacked the heart oh my god indeed
I'm not reading I'm not reading any of
them if they're under $2.00 they're
gonna show up but I'm just not gonna
read any of them
except for you Edward Jellico male
gigolo oh thank you for the tip we
appreciate that oh he is it naturally do
something about that well Jack I think
it's great it's gonna be nuts this
street you're right they're gonna get it
and then they're gonna get it out of the
system get it you guys got to get it out
of your system you can just just work
through it my turds are green oh my god
is donating one of 2,000 my turns are
greener donating two of 2,000 my turds
are green you settle down and I I last
1984 thank you for the tip we really
appreciate that that's nice oh my god I
like that Phoenix Chuck Norris his heart
wasn't out of rhythm the universe was
that's a great one Phoenix that's a
great Chuck Norris Howard attack Joe now
you're on the trolley okay so now what
if what if Chuck Norris gets into a car
accident this is the this is so Chuck
Norris dies in a project
mr. cliff would like us to know that
this is never getting out of their
system that's really great let's see
here if Chuck Norris dies in a car
accident
what's a good you know on the way here
you came up with the car was jealous
that Chuck Norris was faster oh that's
it that's it
Chuck Norris didn't get into a car
accident the car the car crashed because
it knew chuck was faster than it yeah
yeah something like that that's a good
one oh I like that ghost I got it if
Chuck Norris dies of dysentery Chuck
Norris didn't die of dysentery dysentery
died of Chuck something like that like
yeah if he has any disease like if he if
he gets like pneumonia like pneumonia
didn't kill Chuck Norris Chuck Norris
killed pneumonia yes oh that's a good
one Emery what if a dad as an old old
man Chuck Norris dies peacefully in his
sleep yeah okay okay so what's the
what's the Chuck Norris is such a bad
ass joke yes this subject is morbid but
you know this is where we're going
tonight we're check Norris isn't dead
he's just taking a power nap oh my god
that's great
cge 1-1 3-8 thank you thank you for the
zipper we really appreciate that I
really like them yeah this is this is
just the longest power nap yeah that's
really great we left ovary okay that's
great Chuck thought his seat belt was a
black belt and felt too safe
this is a nightmare that never ends I
agree tiny turnip this is yeah but it's
marvelous wonderful night bit of mystery
and Wonder it's a marvelous wonderful
nightmare
obviously like rich said it's going to
be a little nuts tonight but I don't
regret it I don't regret it I know you
don't regret it I'm starting to regret
it a little bit Thank You dick neutral
seventh row donated $4.20 so we could
blaze it 420 so thank you seventh row
and dick neutral you're right life will
now never be the same because we've seen
Neil Breen's balls it's traumatizing
it's it's you guys need to watch more
Neil brain movies it's so great
I know Moby Dick's was watching room 237
last night oh when I got home that's
what that's what their own great great
it was the part where they were talking
about you know what was in the center of
the frame I brought up the fact that
Neil Breen's balls were in the center of
the freight mm-hmm reckless and there
you go was very good Kubrick asked Neil
no brains balls Oh ghosts and goblins
that's a great one this is a great Chuck
Norris
Chuck Norris died peacefully in his
sleep sleep took the night off in
solidarity I'm sure that makes sense but
I like it ooh a Michelle 87 he wants to
know what happened to the fuck pot emoji
I I set up a replacement emoji today
that I think you guys are gonna like if
it gets approved I don't know I don't
know if it's been approved yet but I
know you guys have been asking for some
new emojis hold on let me see if it's
been approved yet I don't pay I think I
get an email when it's a
but uh I set up I set up a new emoji
today and I'm pretty excited about that
and we can always bring fuck bot back
when we get new emojis but I had to I
had to get rid of one to give to give
you a new one and you know what I know
you guys don't like Tim but I love his
face I can't get rid of I can't get rid
of Timmy's face look at that face
little derp face that's one of my
favorite emojis ever is the Tim face
it's gonna be hard for me that's right
we don't have fuck about 5000 but we do
have gay bartender I love that face look
at it this is a great yeah I'm dead I'm
just dead um I'm calling this this
particular batch I didn't make it past
the first first floor oh my god and
campaign that we're done all right oh
that's let me check my emoticons know it
is still pending the new emoticon is
still pending but Lando was taken I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna alter that
slightly says this is when Chuck Norris
dies the force becomes one with him you
can you can do it you can apply that to
Buddhism though okay when when when
Chuck Norris doesn't die he doesn't
become one with everything everything
becomes one with chakra that's good yeah
I like them Oh
press beat a dick punch I love this
dream thing I know I could have charged
the gun but that that run was so fucked
so early I just want to start again
leftover beefcake would like to donate
money to the bring back fuck BOTS fund
thank you and safer dro donates nine
dollars and 11 cents so we can get back
to 9/11 we're gonna try Draco and
anonymous wants us to wants to know if
this is the end of oh my god is it quite
possible that we will hear oh my god so
many times tonight that it will it will
lose all meaning do you do you remember
what it was like when we first did the
what the fuck yeah there was a lot of
what the fuck yeah you're right you're
right I'm willing to accept this mostly
because mostly because they keep giving
us money and you people are wonderful
you are you really really are
hashtag bring back fuck bot listen I
once you see the new emote well we'll
take a vote once you see the new ammo
once you see the new mode and then I
will reconfigure some of the some of the
some of the emotes I could get rid of
Tim I know but I I just love that stupid
derpy face it's my favorite thing it's
my favorite amount to look at what did
we change the sternum for maybe I can't
do that here I wall its final just
starting programs we could we could get
rid of the beer you know we have that
opening beer that one I could get rid of
that that one up there yeah I don't
think I've ever I don't think I've ever
seen anybody use that before okay I
could get rid of the beer can and bring
back fuck Bob then how about that I've
seen fuck pot used yeah you've seen
fucking fuck by you say I haven't seen
the beer one like that I think that's
the first time that I have seen the beer
one and this is our stream this is also
my stream and I've never seen that oh
well then there he goes so by the way
then that makes it easy I'll get rid of
the beer one yes you know of course now
they all use it that's beer I thought
that was an iPod says future future Jay
I thought it was a gameboy now is a can
of beer opening I can fill I can fill
I've what I figured is you know that
would be that'd be like an emote to use
like if you're like oh I'll crack one
open for you right no no fuck pots
coming back Oh State hashtag save beer
right Oh
turn off tactical view I hate I hate it
I hate it is it stuck on this is
glitched on oh dear oh no oh wait that
was back to normal okay no no that was
back to weird no oh no and you know like
it's I I uh I only got rid of fuck pot
because I haven't seen it used in a
while so Jack fail Jack always fails use
it or lose it folks I will I will
okay that's Banga doug is also donating
to the bring back fuck by fund okay I'll
bring back Oh Batman voice is posting
like all of the emojis for his rights
are taken away
I'm so sorry Batman voice I will bring
fuck about back to you I promise I will
we can do that you misread the people
Jack huh you misread the people I don't
you know this is this is new coke all
over again new coke new coke you never
knew coke no I don't remember new I
don't fucking god
in I grew up on a fire don't let it go
do you know why they called coke coke
classic why because in the 80s to
compete with Pepsi this Pepsi was
overtaking coke coke actually changed
their formula
no Coke it's just the cold coke wasn't
coca-cola classic and they announced
this big thing and we're gonna change
the formula cook is gonna be different
now it's different formula everyone it's
the new coke everyone like rebelled
there was massive backlash really
against new coke then people demanding
that they bring back the old coke
where's coke I want the old coke and but
what coca-cola did was they brought back
old coke and in the negative publicity
they had so much negative publicity that
it sold more than ever we're back on top
and there are people and I think it's
fairly reasonable who think the whole
thing was just a a stunt a publicity
stunt
it worked dramatically if it was this
was this was my plan all along and
removing the fuck bottom oh I'm just
gonna make him more popular than ever
this was exactly my plan you see you you
actually wanted to reinvigorate the the
the fuck bottom boat because you hadn't
seen it well maybe that's it yeah it was
good thinking jack mate you know and
maybe we could always we could also get
rid of jeez you know the Jesus face okay
I see that every once in a while but
that's not used as much I'll get rid of
the beer can and bring back fuck bond
perhaps if I want another one we could
get rid of jeez but first of all VOC Mir
VOC Mir thank you for that that tip we
really we really appreciate we really
appreciate them nice nice we were you
know we appreciate you watching I'm glad
that you think we're alright you guess
honest response look evil bugger like a
bag of the big book Mere vu c'mere
booga-booga Bhagu Bhagu
no not jeez I'm sorry I'm getting rid of
the beer can everyone's okay with that
player now he's threatening the jeez
what's going on
and I know you want me to remove Tim but
that one's for me okay that one's only
for me
jack is Jack his friends with that man
not only meant not only am i good
friends with him I love that he's
talented he's talented timmy is talented
you although you haven't seen him in
bunch of her stuff that he's he's
talented he's down too and I just love
that face and you know what when I'm on
other people's dreams I use that emot--
all the time
get rid of smokey Gameboy yes I'll get
rid of smokey Gameboy smokey is what
they're calling the can of beer there is
no you know there is no end to my
tyranny and my my emo tyranny reigns
supreme
the the control of the emoticons is the
little power I have yeah and and I will
wield that with my mighty photoshop
skills I think you're gonna like the new
one I'm I'm really happy with the new
one so I think you're gonna like it
oh I hate tactical view turn-off
tactical view everything looks like
weird oh it's like it's like it's stuck
on detective vision and I don't want
that oh yeah I'm with him I'm with you
thank you Oh bother
Oh bother just wanted to be one of the
cool kids and what you know why and you
are for a moment the Oh My gods worth it
this is the best day ever
it's in waves right this is the best day
ever it's coming and going in waves and
it's driving me a little crazy and I
kind of love him thank you Lord Belmont
we love you to play the 7th guests
sometimes sometimes the 7th guys that's
the that's like the old like
point-and-click yeah error like people
like that 7th guest yeah Barron Liam
okay
what uh-oh and people are trying to talk
with emotes what it's a language now
emote yeah it is something that was a
didn't you see the Webster's dictionary
word of the year emoji it was a it was
it was the laughing while crying emoji
okay
that's their word of the year that was
the word that was used the most yeah you
know it's it's kind of sad no it's
cyclical because isn't that where
language started like it within the
Egyptians was like pictures yeah we
moved beyond that the more sophisticated
forms of expressing ourselves but now
we're now we're back it's we've regrets
what you're saying we progressed as a
society we what we might have regrets as
a society a little bit we may have gone
too far in a few places oh my oh wait
hold on I got a new thing oh my god yeah
what is this I don't know what this is I
saw this it in the earlier but you did
not tell me about it I found this I've
been blindsided I found this and I feel
like the the dollar bin of target and
and I loved it I think we have enough
sound effects today wait hold on for all
the Oh My gods I don't know if it had it
doesn't have me like but I'm chump
though that's what I was looking for
that's on yours yeah
so I found a new that okay so we have a
couple things T so we have our sound
machines huh nice T Carl Z for says it
might not have been said yet it's more
of an underground movement but you
should really consider bringing back
fuck bots and keep up the good work we
will stick Lords thank you for donating
probably going to like the new one
you're probably gonna Rob ibly and I am
gonna bring back
but stick Lords is fashionably late
welcome and thank you while h2o while eh
to go while eh we'll eh two O's are
willing wrong all the time
I don't know Willie's not happy about it
Willie we're sorry but you know what I'm
a professor you know dr. wily that's
where I'm going like sorry
yeah and that's me too same thing Willie
h2o says facecam donation hype did I
walk into a real stream by accident heyo
but um thomas but i'm chomp okay yes the
the the new emote is Breen's balls it's
me it's a close-up of me that would be
amazing wouldn't that be terrible that
would be amazing it's not neal bring
it's not Neil Breen
no no it's not me oh brain yeah so I
found this like it's it's called a sound
machine at the target dollar bin and I
just brought it here and it's all
terrible things oh but there is a I can
do that myself I can do it better myself
I do variations spring I guess it's fine
spring not fine does my nose honk if you
squeeze it is my nose red it's cold as
soon as it gets cold my nose starts
getting red probably from years of
drinking this is this is Jack's
extensive clowning background if my nose
just naturally grown balls red that
could be that could be the spring is a
sexy noise that's right like if we see
it if we see a sexy lady then we go boy
that's a fine investment it's a fine
fine investment you know it for a dollar
that's a this is a write-off
I actually added this I'm not joking at
all I added this to my duction
spreadsheet as a business write-off
because Oh son of a bitch one movement
tell me I got one movement I don't think
I do nope I don't
oh you're gonna oh my god you just got
shot in the face we can fix it in post
we've just fixed it in post no see and
you know you thank you for the for the
tip but you know the P if we are
pronouncing your name wrong just let us
know and chat and we will try to so like
just a door over there
Oh T Carlile oh and I you know obviously
I get confused because the S is in there
T Carlisle also Rich's mouth fart sound
game is strong T Carlisle says I want to
sit in on that audit no I my my
accountant has long very long
conversations with me sometimes this is
the first time I've used this

[Part II]
steel see I don't even know what uh
dracos passive even is where's it say
click for details what do we got what do
we got what that's not saying I don't
know what it is I'm sorry somebody the
Chad told me I don't know where would
heed what are you doing he's got some
special ability I don't know I don't
know what it is though it doesn't it
tell you uh-oh you have to choose
whether you want them or not no I've
already got him okay well the Bible in
to tell you I don't know I don't usually
look at the screen it saying I guess it
tells you when you choose them but we've
been I should have paid more attention
is what what this means but we're so
having so much fun just talking and
listening me say oh my god like a
million times like a billion billion
times that I never even can ever who
came to me yeah can you try mousing over
the augment see like see how yeah yeah
you can do that nobody is safe Mario
Mario says this is better than the
showering with you this is better than
the showering with your dad simulator
2015 that I donated well thank you Mario
hopefully it's an equal amount of
madness and baby Slayer 156 you're
welcome we try to make everyone's
wednesday and sunday a little more
exciting thank you we try we her a
better life through schlock a better
that's our motto here a better life
through schlock like it I like it and
you know I see this come up a little bit
every once in a while on chat neither
rich and I have played battlefront yet i
have like negative four thousand percent
interest in battlefront why is that why
do you have negative I don't really care
and I don't hate Star Wars I just don't
that much about it and I hate
multiplayer only gaming multiplayer only
shooters can can suck my dick basically
right and I played that you know the old
one and maybe I'll may I think I'm gonna
pick up the new one just to try it out
we won't be like we'll probably stream
it we probably won't do a whole episode
on it or anything oh my god okay we've
totally created a monster uh for a
little bit stick Lords jack when are we
seeing the new Isaac already also rip OH
also replying a Yiddish accent Yiddish
what's he's way too good I think it's a
Jewish like an old an old George George
man sure oh well I i well that's what we
got there I what I want to say is that
uh we would be seeing the Isaac but um
dad does that's the game that I play for
myself not that you shouldn't be playing
it for yourself it's just a game that I
play for myself you don't need to take
my word for it oh here's what I will
tell you about the afterbirth I like it
a lot that's a good guess it's a good
game it's a good game that I play a lot
and I recommend that you play it but I
don't want you to think that I'm forcing
my opinions on you that was a good
Yiddish yeah why don't over this and I
know that's I know the Jewish I'm not a
hundred percent sure that's Yiddish know
somebody's saying I'll you dishes like
it's German Jewish i'm not entirely sure
what the distinction is like I need I
need more goosh bukas khushboo cos you
know Boyd single imma exactly exactly
like basically I'm just I'm just doing
like a light Mel Brooks mashugana
mashugana you know if you can bring your
foot spa if you can bring all your
hutzpah out you get the Machine and I am
enjoying the Isaac after birth I didn't
play any of the alg but I just play the
game and I think it's great is it visual
fantastic you're doing great yeah Dead
series is great great I'm impressed jab
impressed with that accent is what I'm
saying oh well thank you
um thank you pack jacquard for the two
for the tip we appreciate the tip and
gobbledygook 45 sound machines because
rich can't make five fart sounds at once
gobbledygook wants us to buy five sound
machines and press ok i have about form
yeah I can't do five not at once that
was that was at once I did it before it
once but I cannot 25 agree oh yeah you
know what that was saved row that was
more of like a Judd Hirsch impression no
I should have done what I did right so I
talk like a huge schmekel really i don't
think shmeh mekkel is a word Mecca huh I
don't think she the metal schmekel
schmekel but schmekel I don't know I
don't know any of these words really all
I'm my impression is an impression of uh
oh I I just thank the Jews for schmuck
schmuck I love schmuck yeah a jewish
michael caine impression i don't know
what that would sound like well you
Michael Caine the hoyt oh holy my
cocaine his oh fuck you keep you got a
tight man I did stupid while I was
trying to be conservative with you guys
hey I was trying to be conservative with
my movement points because i'm looking
for the elevator I just want to get the
fuck out of here if you want to just
request impressions for me to do yes t
Carlisle that that's fine I'm sure I'm
just well oh I forgot what he says now
what do we do when we fall I will we get
back up this is something I want you to
think about now what I'm not saying is
that if you stay down for a little bit
uh that you a bad person because
sometimes you just want to nap but I
think if you do fall you get up
everything will be great we'll go get a
spread yeah that's acceptable
you like that acceptable you know you
gotta find it it's gotta be this way
it's gotta be this way leave a fiance
died over soon hey hey hey don't be
afraid to sprint with the red-haired
lady if you're gonna knock out a guard
she gets a bonus to KO time okay oh
that's nice so what's his augment did
you figure that out no I did not mouse
over his augment I but you can find him
oh my god click for details we could
brings me here this tells me nothing and
what happened to you just hold it over
what's up there fuck you fuck you and
fuck you okay so what is it here mapping
human neural tissue is not a simple task
especially with the ever changing data
of a live subject however is much easier
to get a good day at pull when the
pattern remains constant and still
cannot by skill upgrades sounds bad
scanned ko'd guards generate a random
bonus Oh dead unit scanned will give
permanent skill upgrades oh so if you
kill someone so there's incentive for
killing people apparently for him for
Draco interesting interesting so I can't
level him up he's just got a murder
people interesting very interesting
interesting I'm gonna murder somebody oh
it's hella gone now you're asking
telecon wanted to tip us and and force
me to try to do a Yiddish Sean Connery
that's not gonna happen you don't think
it's not gonna happen well I didn't just
want
ready to beat I slip into a blatant
sucks of all day wow you really have
sure I wasn't even thought about it just
Sean Connery Sean Connery has this going
with him well Monday pani so now we need
to turn that into a Yiddish impression
of utich impression dragon I'm trying to
the richest drag dragon that's my sonic
I'm just trying to hear a sound corner
of us you're the man now dog that's Sean
Connery sure Sean Connery talking a
little Yiddish Oh miss Mackle oh I lost
my mesh Mackel that's all i can do is
scare we go I can't I can't do I can't
do Shawn Carter unit it is that's fine
but now I want to try now it's a
challenge you know boy I wish Michael I
fell down and hurt my puckish now I feel
like a schmuck I went up the stairs to
grab a lock and I fell down hurt my
Turkish yes that's not terrible it's not
that is it's the best I could do Oy Vey
you're the man now dog yes i will stop
trying now thank you thank you who Darla
um yeah she's fucked I got everyone got
everyone right it's Jack having a stroke
no I have to like I know I'm what kind
of like looking off I have to do like
something with my face or my hands when
I do an impression it helps it helps me
do an impression I am extremely out of
practice um do Larry David Larry David
is just and is just an old Jewish man
what Larry David him a Larry David
impression is just you know just let her
David
I've been doing that uh our Miller I
don't think we ever made quality
thoughtful streams I don't think that
was ever a thing we did it we're just
here being schmucks wash my Beckles wash
mum Echols we're dipping in our shmem
Echols I'm time trying to have current
trend with Sean Connery you're the man
now dog that's not white I can't do it I
can't do exits at all I can't do accents
I can't do a person basically I'm
completely useless you just have to
picture you have to you have to hear him
say something right hmm what's it what's
the thing that Sean Connery says and
what is the thing Ryan I don't know
there's your money party you've called
the cutoff flower head with the
Highlander that something said in the
Highlander do you're in mcleod isn't
that what a Highlander does um I have no
idea
oh that's right nut oh and I can't
listen I can't remember anything he
actually says I'm trying to think of
Indiana Jones that's right you can do
lucas and you can do Plunkett you do
leave out do a good Lucas i doing okay
Lucas yeah yeah you can do them Michael
Caine Sean Connery and Charlton Heston
has been talking about Miami connection
there's there's no I can't keep them all
straight in my head what do we do when
we full so I saying you're the jew no
dog hold on oh I'm trying I'm trying to
do my cocaine hold on what is it mo gain
Sean Connery Charlton Heston what do we
do where we thought isn't it funny how
at the end of the movie they murdered
everyone all I liked it when they
murdered everyone that was my favorite
part nope that was bad see I can't I
can't jump from one impression to the
next okay that's a hard part and then
Charlton Heston I found the elevator I
found the elevator jack I found it I
found it that's right congratulations
now I just gotta get her out of here Oh
God ladypants has a stim for extra AP
whatever that means rich yeah yeah I
know what that means yo you know you
know what that means okay great and I'm
not basically what's going on is I'm not
focusing on the game as much as I should
be I'm focusing on Chad I'm focusing on
talking about bad accents a good accents
t Carla what is this it as Connery say
let my army she be the rock less what
armor piercing the trees and the birds
in the sky nice chunk on who is in the
rock a rock that rock ok I can do I know
I could do a Sean Connery Jewish weight
on my life and then it stopped short I
can't do it it's welcome to the
Rock o ye whatever your thoughts on and
said what are your thoughts on inception
matters I haven't seen it oh I enjoyed
it it's fun it's like if if you think
about it you know everyone likes to oh
she's silent when she sprints oh nice
she's not making any noise um no I think
everyone has close enough that made
noise everyone thinks too hardly about
inception if you think about it as like
just a sci-fi action movie it's fun it
has some big ideas and and some neat
action sequences it's just try not to
think too hard about it because the kids
complicated oh that's right winners
losers do their best winners go home and
fuck the prom queen The Rock The Rock
was the best movie was it what is he
saying the untouchables they bring all
something you bring up never never bring
a knife to a gun no no that's Crocodile
Dundee no fucking outline untundi is oh
yeah you're right never bring a knife to
a gun okay yeah they hit you back you
hit them harder something like that
something like that oh my god krob Becky
look at her but it is so big she looks
like one of those etc etc thank you krob
krob krob krob but so I liked inception
I I think it's a fun movie watch the
Chicago why I remember that much yeah
yeah yeah yeah did Krueger say the whole
thing and I said that Chicago Way part I
don't they like some what are your guys
to all I can't do it I can't do it jack
I can't hey someone your guys to the
hospital you send one of his to the
morgue that's the line now you gotta do
it cuz you can actually do the exit what
is it they send when your eyes
listen one of years of the hospital you
said what I his to the morgue they send
one of your guys to the hospital's yours
they send one of yours to the hospital
you send one of theirs to the morgue no
I'm losing it I'm losing my Sean Connery
Sean Sean Connery Cronk on right Sean
cocaine I and you know what I did hear
that did you hear that that like no one
is remaking momento Z need to hahahahaha
that's the question hey it seems weird
it seems kind of silly it has admittedly
it's been a really long time since I've
seen memento but I remember it being
just fine the way it is but hospital
I'll see what would but I and give a
fuck out of here oh it isn't Nolan
someone else is remaking memento jesus H
Christ we make snow have a turnaround
time of four years but but for is sad
the rebate we're already remaking the
dark knight rises we're not going to
remake Batman Begins or the dark knight
we're just gonna skip right to remaking
the dark knight rises oh I need this for
the guy the guy with the the trait that
lets them gain skills from murdering
yeah here's a awed meant that lets the
alarm not go up when you murder people
hmm you know what that is that some
great synergy that is some amazing
fucking synergy great buy it and do it I
think I can pass this off or do I have
to know I think I have to install it and
I think I need to bring him in here for
this I'm just writing which is fine
strawberry pancakes yeah well I think
where were you we will eventually play
more undertale I want to play more
undertale and we were actually thinking
about that tonight but we had some stuff
we want to do we knew there'd be a lot
of talking we have the new the tip thing
and all that exactly so yeah we knew
tonight wasn't gonna be a good day to do
it but yes we do plan on playing and
possibly finishing undertale I don't
know how far we got
but uh oh yeah i'm not sure i'm swimming
there's ways to go sure so space cop you
know it was announced that space cop is
you know they're trying to get it out
this year oh yeah and it will be remade
by next December that's the less our fun
that's our plan internally is we want it
we want to completely remake it and have
the new one out by December 2016 that is
uh but I mean you know obviously it
probably won't happen but that's our
plan you're right a Michelle Hollywood
has plenty of new ideas like pixels oh I
like that augment I got that's nice
that's synergy to half jack i love that
that's great now now you can fuck some
shit up fuck it up fuck it up fuck it up
fuck it up fuck it up fuck it up do an
impression of jae bum and having a
conversation Richard shut the fuck up
rich idiot okay anything wasn't good
pretty good I thought so um stick Lords
just gave us a tip and would like you to
yell inconceivable inconceivable this is
inconceivable and conceivable one single
no that's what you get that's what we
got ah and can see below yes not really
good no that's that's more like evil
scientist I'm trying to remember how he
says it what so everybody's been telling
about the princess bride lately this is
an awesome movie it's an awesome movie
but it like is it an anniversary or
something I don't know it's an awesome
movie he climbed up the mountain
inconceivable it's kind of nerdy little
whiny none
questioning that as good as your son
Connery well I'm like I understand I
understand Sean Connery is easier I get
it yeah I get it jack dig it oh we both
saw the princess bride but it's just
it's I see it a lot like onion AV Club
has been writing articles about it
people on the internet are talking about
it recently a lot and I don't know he
have a lift does he inconceivable Nathan
son right that doesn't sound right you
keep using that word I do not think it
means what you think it means Jack's
just have fun say it I just say I just
say it's fine i just say stuff that's
absolutely fine time now all i want to
do is watch princess bride it's a great
movie is that appropriate for my
children yeah yeah yeah no yeah that's
totally appropriate for your children
they don't sound there's one square in
that movie I think there's any squares
you know what I mean you even have to
ask you know what I need to check the
kids media app go check that kids media
that sounds like a plan Oh something i
want to mention i'm sure a lot of you
probably already know but what's what's
the one thing I've keep saying in
regards to rocket League the one thing I
want to see and I keep talking about it
yeah it's on the flo raggedly that's
right is you want you wanna a mad max I
want mad max oh man if only if only
there was dlc coming out in December
that gave you mad max type stuff it's
only mad it's not like officially
licensed mad max tough and it's mad max
type stuff I wasn't called in something
road clash or his guts gonna name but
the font wants to look fury road esque
and one of the one of the maps is called
wasteland right there won't be a little
dancing road bow war boys on your car
which is a yeah that's kind of sad but
but not only are we getting not only are
we getting like
stuff for your car but there's a whole
new and different map the map we're
getting is like way bigger than other
apps and the pitch is like tilted
somehow yeah yeah so we're getting a new
way to play wait is this the movie just
movies I hope there's a paint scheme
that is just chrome shiny and girl sang
across shiny chrome just give me chrome
paint and then you got everything Oh
rich a tipster ok would like you to
let's see have rich say cod blops 3 cod
blob way three in the plink advice cod
blobs three guide labs 37 tucked like
sunny funds in a while we need to do
police quest to all these things you
hippies want me to say I'm nicotine is
sick and now gobbledygook wants you to
say what you talking about Willis would
you talk about Willis and that's not
said as son Ethan what was there what
you what you talking about Buddhist what
are you what are you talking about mr.
Willis mr. Willis if that is your real
name I don't trust you blacks sunny yes
honey buns I guess would over the whole
would be slightly raised slightly yes
okay let's see here I did it to dupe to
do why wont tactical view is this like a
quirk of one of these characters where
I'm stuck in tactical view because I
hate it so much and I want it off I want
regular fucking vision I don't know I'm
sorry rich did I hit
Buffalo Bill impressions from Silence of
the Lambs oh oh it turned off and won't
for some reason clicking on it doesn't
work how'd the keyboard command does
rose kind of weird that's better than
nothing it's gone I think I can do a
buffalo bill impression from thyne
sometimes he's like awful bill or what
no it's almost like deeper in your
throat like wiggling her throat which L
remember we really don't remember would
you fuck me I'd fuck me like that like
it puts the lotion and it puts the
lotion in the basket it puts the lotion
in the basket he's got a little bit of a
Edgar from men in black and Plagueis
leaping into mine just because people
always like to compare playa do ya bill
oh yeah absolutely what's what's my line
that's yeah that is a little creepy here
i can see you agent oh I sound like Sam
the Blue Eagle from the Muppets no Sam
is Buffalo Bill meets Kermit oh you've
you've got some you've got some some
sandy Eagle in there no but yeah if you
add Kermit then you get sandy Eagle so
if you'd start with Buffalo Bill and
then out of little Kermit you get Sam
the Eagle when I am here for you what I
what I do remove this stiff George Lucas
is just tone down Kermit the Frog
O'Grady frogs urine you're actually this
one's a little slower you know oh yeah
some little some less a variation less
less sure of himself duller it's like
dollar Herman yeah that's pretty great
nasty flot how much you think the movies
do you think you can make make the space
alien look a little like cooler I'd be
great talking with with somebody last
night yeah we're on the ride home yeah
about how they named the fan of s this
person thought you know phantom is
actually kind of a neat name The Phantom
is looking for the meaning behind it
what was what was that what was that
referring to sure Palpatine or was it
was the trade fitter what was the better
man yeah I said did he just thought the
Phantom was a cool word he was looking
for something affair with no I'm really
phantom what's another word I can go
with phantom phantom phantom opera well
I've done that phantom guys he said you
know cuz because the first one was
supposed to be like a mystery wasn't it
I yeah sure why not so but you you
actually things like he was just like a
phantom sounds cool am I in my head in
my head yes that's great uh maybe the UM
the phantom society yeah The Phantom
turbulence oh I don't know Oh was that
nasty flat tipped and didn't want to be
left out wants to make sure we play more
undertale it reminds them of earthbound
yes we will play more undertale thank
you blue tip found no they wants to play
undertale which reminds them of
earthbound we probably won't get around
to her phone but we couldn't i don't
know like i like respond oh oh my god oh
my god what no um I check that I real
there there olivion says despite riches
earlier dismissal I think you should try
grow home it's a fun 3d platformer and
you can probably finish it in one stream
grow home Rome gone home bat or please
play police quest to grow home what was
I don't even remember that what was that
and why did I dismiss it I haven't I
just did I probably have a reason I have
a reason for everything i do grow home
exactly the things that don't have
reasons for
oh yeah this looks adorable that little
robot man I don't I honestly don't
remember dismissing this you might have
you might have dismissed gone home maybe
yeah maybe there was a miscommunication
i will i will add grow home to the games
we should play list okay um because yeah
that looks adorable okay now if you'll
excuse me I've been trying to check to
see if the princess bride is appropriate
for my children for like 20 much we even
need to do this because I love this app
let's see here action style violence
includes a torture machine sword fights
one to the death a death by poisoning
quicksand fire pits shrieking eels
menacing rous is a character makes
reference to killing herself oh that one
language one use of son of a bitch also
but a great use of set of a bitch you
killed my father you son of a bitch oh
my god but here's here's why they can't
watch it they use my god and jesus as an
exclamation you know what have to
explain what Jesus's is that essentially
what this means is just lazy parenting
no I already have you know I have radar
day night I know I'm giving you shit
daddy what's that T on the wall why does
that t have a bloody manner we've had
some we've had some conversations oh
yeah we're definitely watching The
Princess Bride not the jeez well son
that's the jeez he floats in the air and
smiles at you when you sing songs about
him it's great it's great it's great
everybody loves them everybody loves
jeez bright side I know where the
elevator is
that's great that you know where the
elevator is that really is great I don't
think you understand this blink um it's
great to know where the elevator it's
been a while since I played it oh that's
a good question well I wonder what the
someone is wondering what the kids media
app says for Passion of the Christ it
just is just gonna say great movie boom
pesi all I hate detention centers yeah
yeah these are these are unnecessarily
hard missions oh my god so like positive
role models nun sex nun language nun
consumerism done drinking drugs and
smoking nun violence all five notches
ticked extremely graphic and intense
violence this is for Passion of the
Christ including whipping and
crucifixion could cause nightmare in
your younger children very disturbing
and violent images involving Jesus Satan
Judas and others but that's fine
Christian movie is a fine Christian
movie we're not gonna show buts I'm very
sorry I'm not gonna show you my butt oh
do you have armor on you fucker I'm
really I'm really happy that i never saw
a passion of the christ oh I'm not
available I thought that was a ball i
thought it was energy right no no why
are you moving there are you idiot what
are you doing red I i thought this for
some reason when i looked at i thought
that was the energy weapon that that
refills between nations and it's not so
i need to manually find recharge for it
which is not going to happen how about a
little butt cleavage I can't no no whoa
what a white why do you do that twitch
will not allow me to show butts I'm
sorry
what was that what was that like a
rewind okay which I'm doing cuz I'm
completely out of practice I might just
skip the rescue aspect of this rescue
mission actually and flee yeah this is
just gonna be too much of a pain they
asked for that rescue I mean it's right
there it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter show tits then I can we even even
us as males cannot show our pectoral
muscles one because it's so sexy up in
here that it will cause you to faint and
possibly injure yourself and two because
it's against twitches Chico bingo says
here's some money now show us your but I
think you have to do it cuz they gave us
money you have to show them your body
yeah for two dollar its rule it's a rule
they give two dollars you just have to
do it whatever it is that is that the
rule is that that's a roll yeah that's
official that's in the twitch guidelines
that yeah yeah okay jack show us bud use
my button here's my buddy oh my god we
just lost two hundred years what
happened did you show them your butt I
show them my butt why did you do that
you told me show oh my god this is just
dropping we're now that we just lost
another 100 we're not we're not we're
down to 54 viewers jack oh my read on
all the donations they're just vanished
oh my god I've been taken away and you
can't take him back what did you do the
unspoken love twitch donations you're
right no listen I would there was
nothing I could do there was nothing I
do oh um someone was asking before I
showed my bud what we thought they'd
make some changes to the secondary
terminal is that day what's this one do
I don't know what this one does what do
you do what did you woody I don't know
why don't know what happened i clicked i
just clicked at it hmm all this one of
the ones those programs I know what this
is never mind i'm just stupid okay yeah
I'm thinking I take it I think we got
it's good anything man I can do wat oh
hey I can do what a whaling is amazed by
my Boeing Company I massillon the Great
Green oh my credo Watteau doesn't matter
wat agreed oh hey any DNA like the
safety do you love to get in my bedroom
it's time I guess what else did she do
right you think I bought you too clunky
got your stupid garden need a stupid or
dumb you're a dumb kid and be grateful
your mom is such a good whore if not I'd
kick you out so bad
sell you I've gotten office man with the
beard you want you I don't care what he
does with you hahaha qui gonn there's
something and need to go with him he
gave me one dollar you wouldn't be one
of the better go with the match yeah it
just go into strange man i hate you it
is it's fine that's fine if I'm rich yes
uh nikhil's nakida nakida says please
the tipped yeah you need to do your best
gun safety Eagle impression I didn't
remember what I sounded like oh well
hang have the gun safety eagle I'm gonna
look in your bedroom window to make sure
you're not playing with a gun and if you
haven't been getting ready for bed oh
well it's for safety didn't mean to look
at you when you were change your clothes
just happened whoa I need to check
anywhere for a gun even under your shirt
this might tickle don't tell anyone you
are using a gun in the shower I better
make sure step don't touch leave the
room don't call it a dome call it a dog
999 per minute what 999 per minute
remember those commercials back in the
day late at night the night 1 900
numbers dead commercials for those for
like sex lines yes Oh No dile a friend
oh you know like I I remember the these
commercials are probably still on is is
just like the party line oh yeah yeah
like not the 900 numbers but just now I
remember I remember like it you know me
it's so hard to meet someone so
sometimes i just call the party line I
just call the party line
who who do you want to talk to maybe me
we can have a good time at the party
lion time she's got to open some doors
for me yeah get my mojo back that's
great lowly but surely they're they're
real girls here and we want to talk to
you we just you know chat about your day
or whatever credit card numbers I don't
care he I just called the party night si
si do you think I'm pretty because I
like the party line time it's party line
time we're gonna call the party line and
have lots of time sir for the party 9
time you do a girls voice like like
disturbingly well I'm just saying it
sounds it sounds like you've had
practice doing girl voices yes no master
master vocal talent right here that's
why all right now I improve that oh yeah
that's that's the sad face do I do it
better I like your exam uh t Dax says
police quest to police quest to police
quest to yes yes we're gonna do it we
like police quest to the why are you
doing it now with a bit like so cool
game too we just need the first nine
numbers of your social security number
and you can game right on the party it's
party line and then if you have lime in
your period you have a party line line
I'm a party wine wine you're losing your
brain could be you know what you won the
goofballs I a sudden I could be could be
losing my mind but I don't know lousy
hippie I can't lose my mind with him I'm
on a party line
so what one night 1999 party lines I'm
not sure if this is the best dream or
the work we were up very late last night
we were we were working last night and
we stayed up very late and so now and
it's just a deal Bri nate our souls you
want the hey baby this is Neil this is
neoprene pay for my party line name
you're turning into michael jackson
right oh and that pitiful but i got this
creepy thing with children I am I'm
getting I'm getting a teeny tiny bit
silly and you know I'm gonna be okay
with that I'm gonna be okay with getting
silly so so yeah what Sun got in my head
the other day was feeling groovy you
ever hear that song by uh no bye bye
girl probably i don't remember it off
the top my head though yeah how's it go
Simon and Garfunkel I don't know music
slow down you move too fast gotta make
the movement last stop don't touch this
Terran it dumps so that's right like I
was just thinking about that when I see
my girl voice like hey dude to feelin
groovy sat down you move to have Brett
read my letter it's kiara which is ki I
a RM and the name of the song is called
gold and it's awesome it's super rad
kiara gold you're talking about secure
person and I have no idea what you're
talking about ki r is that song I had
you listened to when you're like oh
that's nice
it's called gold and it's great she has
a SoundCloud and it has a bunch of her
songs and I like all of them gold is
really cool this guy's gonna cost me a
shit load of ammo wasn't him this guy's
got a lot of drawbacks who does this guy
yeah we're uh but he kills p or killing
people gives them stuff right uh yeah
what have you been getting have you been
murdering people yet no you he levels up
you can't buy level ups you get level
ups free level ups for murdering but
level ups aren't free because it costs
money to buy ammunition if you're not
finding ammunition oh oh you're gonna
burn through ammunition if you just kill
people okay also normally you would
raise the alarm by killing people but I
fortunately found a ugh men that that
takes care of that problem nice nice
kiara I don't know puppet master how do
i get a puppet master toy oh i don't
know i'm sorry oh you are you an armor
guy I don't know new but it is an armour
0 block he's blocked all right well
that's that's that's fine I don't know
how much money we will check later we
appre like a you know the the donations
we appreciate we have they they help oh
shit us to you fuckers in here oh Jesus
who focus I'm sure right we'll check it
out later see how his new mouse oh
you're not gonna move are you fucker you
mother fucker mother fucker oh my fuck
we got this we got this good take that
you fucking prick steel now murder
right I'm listening to the song right
now and you thought your thoughts on
rich being in the vicinity of the Kiera
song is hilarious it's true two brains
rich rich calmly and patiently not it is
listen very happy for Jack and I'll yet
yes I'm happy that you found something
you enjoy Jack that's great I think
that's good I like girly pop and it's
got like some some hip hoppy vibes to it
and I'd like to hip hop and what's great
um anonymous is donating and says can
you do sands and papyrus voices again
for a brief moment I love the voices you
guys did sands and papyrus I have we've
done all the characters hey you oh no
you went you in like slowly yes that was
advanced like a monster and then I think
I went a little like this you ever seen
the barbarism what are we doing here I'm
a madman look let me tell you what I
think about this situation papyrus I
think it's crazy I think that's what we
did I have no I don't remember actually
I think I'm gonna have to rewatch our
stream sounds about right I'm gonna have
to rewatch our stream before we do it
again so I can get the voice right I
think we're past those characters i
don't know i think they hang on did we
finish that whole section of the game I
don't know rich you can scam knocked out
guards as well well I wanted to save the
cooldown for the one I killed so I could
level him up that was there was a reason
there was a reason grand new objet a
murder of this guy okay um Jack I like
that time you remembered the nighties
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo please make
your rendition of semi charmed life the
tip noise Thank You comically small
skeleton dude dude dude dude did it do
to do good and
is gonna feel it I'm going and I'm going
to back to me if it's dumb to the
frustration welcome again thanks very
easy man I don't think it's gonna
replace oh my god no overlap nothing
will ever replace oh my god you know I
don't know if people were here when Jay
told that story of him editing me doing
the due to dues from semi charm kind of
life but apparently I have an internal
metronome that is so on that i synced
perfectly with the song he put in semi
charm kind of life in the background of
me going do-do-do-do-do-do oh yeah
remember that yeah and according to jay
it synced perfectly because i am that on
it Pizza train wants us to know we have
more people watching our stream than New
York Times bestselling author Patrick
Rufus did earlier in the day playing
fallout 4 yay we've arrived you know yes
it's the power of oh my god it's the
power of Jesus it's the power of the
geez this is this has probably been the
most religious stream we've ever done we
keep phrasing God you me and by god you
mean Neil brain right yes my god do you
mean the one true Savior Neil bring the
streams got it all let's go out ghosts
and goblins thank you for tipping so
rich yeah what's going on in your creepy
basement I don't have a basement a
little bit a fucking apartment you
having a bet you have a basement don't
know Jim me apartment no really yeah you
guys like a like a laundry room no one
rooms just in a different room okay this
instead of a being a unit one of them is
just the cute ility room with lockers
and no okay yeah okay they go yes I'll
praise the Breen
Jack I've never had a basement you have
never in your life ever i had downstairs
as one of those ones were like the first
floor was kind of like sunken half-caf
sure sure like you kind of ghost at a
level go down or you can go up yeah when
you walk into the foyer yeah it wasn't
really a basement really yeah you've
never had a basement no I've never had a
basement I mean really basements are
just storage area I understand that but
I've never had one is the point it's
very strange yeah it's very very strong
what I do with a basement right now I
probably just put stuff in them you
that's that whatever know like like like
like boxes with stuff yeah you put stuff
in there that you forget about until it
becomes too full of stuff and you have
to throw it out what do you put in your
attic we can't well our our attic
doesn't have a ladder to it and so we
would need like a separate ladder to get
into heretic so right now we don't put
anything in our attic I had an addict
but we never ever used it really yeah oh
my god does everyone like an invisible
ink cuz you're we do anything we want
right oh that's perfect breezes well
sure they everyone click on John kilos
link praise be to brina's pray I'm you
know you don't know kind of in the mood
for what do you can FTL let's switch it
up that's first of all that's not
switching up we just played FTL like I
don't give a shit I do what you do rich
we you know what tonight's all about
crazy I you know what I think Jack you
know what I think don't-don't-don't done
nothing then yeah what we get you you
not we you get too hung up on playing
games second time they do they they love
FTL I love FTL you love FTL interfere
why are you denying everybody FTL I
think I think that's going a bit far no
no I'm not you know I think um my
my denial of games that we play a set
even a second time or or often as is the
case with FTL is um is to make sure we
keep the stream fresh yeah but we should
we always play new games every those
games we come back to frequently yeah
that's not a think it's a big deal okay
I don't think it's visit hey you you're
in you're in charge I'm just over here
what's this one I don't get that one
that goes on for a while oh that's fun
what is that like a wrong okay it's
almost like a Wawa do you have close we
have this uh

[Part III]
we will be rocket leaving only one of us
will be playing the other one of them oh
of course you know make sure we we hang
out for whatnots and who's its rocket
League like a bird I'm like a bird
rocket a Jew it's it looks like a bird
I'm gonna fly away
oh that's very mutators we got mutators
up yeah mutators it's weird it's fun
isn't that it right there I'm gonna use
the restroom get a drink anyway okay
I got a controller Rachel's gonna use
the restroom okay that's right the brain
is life the brain is life I guess I'm I
guess I'm gonna just start that's a go I
like that okay let's do this let's do
play online join private match the neh
so the name of the room is is prereq of
course and the password to get into the
private room is BR EE and brain Oh No
unable to find server apparently not oh
that was joined private match I'm gonna
create private match there we go
for before you know you oh you can do
mutator settings oh my god
password breehn v r ee n great match
okay let's do this is rocket League on
we no I don't believe so I think it's
only on ps4 and Steam prereq Breen room
is prereq and and Brennan or bringing it
up how I was I was getting a little
distracted there's no way the Breen will
come to the chat he doesn't know how to
use the chat there's no way and if the
if the Breen Grace's us with his mighty
mighty presence then I mean the
fortunate us fortunate few boom
sorry I blew you up but I'm not sorry
blows yep
the the brain doesn't know how to use
computers or he knows how to use
computers so much that uh he's too busy
doing important stuff probably like
making his next awesome movie shit so no
he will not be monk monk he will not be
gracing us with His grace tonight
oh my god
Oh No don't walk in I hear all sorts of
crazy noises I was doing uh Katamari
Damacy
so far I've done nothing good except for
blow a couple people up it's a fine
thing I've done what the hell is
happening of rocket League mostly mostly
rocket League is happening and we're
having some rocket League on this
totally awesome stream I don't know if
you've noticed how awesome the stream is
if you didn't show up earlier you've
missed some good shit we talked about
Chuck Norris dying and Chuck Norris
jokes no we've gone we've gone the
mundane Rob with Chuck Norris deaths
yeah what happens what what is the joke
if Chuck Norris dies by being impaled by
a narwhal impaled by a narwhal those are
the whales with the unicorn horn is
because the only reason Chuck Norris
died by a narwhal is because he finally
felt guilty for killing the last unicorn
rich which isn't a good mood tonight a
good place tonight
yeah I've been exposed to the wonder of
of breehn the wonder and majesty of the
all-knowing I've opened my heart to our
Savior who is the best at everything
it's so true you know what I am a little
bad at Rockley right now there you go in
waves sometimes you takes a couple
message mat know the matches before
you're into it yeah especially for not
playing it every day I can't crack
silver in doubles I just can't fucking
do it I've I've gotten to you score I
think you go into silver it at 400
points
uh-huh I've been at 398 fucking twice
then I've gone on like a ten game losing
streak oh geez
I've fought my way back fucking hump
Oh breathe oh come on
get back there get it back it I just got
here does that mean a Neal Breen movie
on Bo TW well I'll say this Double Down
I'm not sure if it was the best or the
worst thing I've ever seen
what
nice one rich thank you thank you you
know that was super subtle I I thought
of that one last night I was waiting for
it to come up here we go there we go
make it I was facing the wrong way
I think I'm not think you got rear-ended
oh thanks Sam you were there for me the
leftover beefcake wants to make sure we
play please quest - that's a whole night
we can that's the night but yes of
course we will play please mr. and
Yutaka the Cinnabons voice all night if
that's what you would if that's what the
B the Breen were requires then that's
what will be done good kid kid kid kid
kid we do only what no the dagger
what was that that was the dagger oh my
god bond stopped me at the wrong way
still no game audio guys what well I
can't fix it right at this very moment
it's weird and I'm sorry that we don't
have any game audio many apologies well
something be destroyed in the next best
of the worst I'm not at liberty to
divulge such information
I don't need an always destroy something
I don't even know what destroying is I
want to find out you'll have to watch
the show I don't understand what the
meet what the word destroying means you
destroy this I have no idea what it
means
all right there you go I switch off yeah
damn murder what I'm used to playing
matches on the online with us oh sure oh
wait wait I got it wait here oh my god
okay well we gotta wait for Joe to get
ready Joe the Breen is not happy the
Breen will strike you down in your next
life or this one he'll do it Dwight you
know he'll double down he'll strike you
down in this life and in your next one
rich thank you nice one rich on fire
riches the bomb
I'd join late because I forgotten how to
play normal matches right
you got brained right would Breen beat
Chuck Norris up here's the thing Breen
could beat Chuck Norris up 100% Breen
wouldn't do that though because beyond
being like a super strong guy he's also
like a good guy he's got a good heart
but he's also a terrorist but I mean if
he needs to be
he's whatever he needs to be because he
can do everything and anything he could
be Chuck Norris update he wouldn't
because he gives charity that's right
and Chuck Norris his ability compared to
Neal's brain is a charity case so what
would happen is Chuck Norris would come
for a fight and Nia brain would give him
a can of soup that's what you do with
charity give me some soup brain can do
anything that's true what would happen
getting what's the what's the Chuck
Norris joke if Chuck Norris dies in a
bungee-jumping accident yeah look at
that look at that just easy-peasy
he decides that at 83 years old he's in
such great shape that he wants to go
bungee jumping for the first time okay
what what is the is Chuck Norris didn't
die bungee jumping he died because he
was so powerful that the earth bounced
up and hit him he pulled the earth up to
hit him yeah
Krieger V with the jokes these are the
these were trunk we have a bit and we
are sticking with the bitch he's not
happy with three girls not happy he's
done with the baby he's done with the
bit he's done with a bit apparently it's
led to nothing interesting is that
apparently he's done with a bit these
things you guys called jokes yeah you
know what they're minor there's bits
don't always work we're in a good mood
we're trying you assholes oh that's
right Lando was taken Lando was taken is
very correct we still need a Mario
Sunshine Stream yeah yeah fucking love
Super Mario Sunshine so yes absolutely
abso-fucking-lutely Lando is taken thank
you for the tip thanks T Carlisle says I
bet Chuck Norris is just going to die in
line at the DMV ironically the most
boring death ever okay so what's the
joke if Chuck Norris dies while wait or
waiting to renew his license at the DMV
something about getting his number
called
they had to work not to score there
bad you're being you're being bad Chuck
Norris oh my god oh my god oh fuck Jesus
chaos this is chaos whoo Chuck Norris
called their number you know reverse it
that's a standard procedure standard
procedure
I don't I don't think this joke is
leading to much creativity no no that
led to much none you know yeah all right
fine I tried it was jungle it was my
idea
this and you haven't brought anything
you haven't brought it I I thought I
thought our clever creative viewers
would come up with rules of things on
their own and in just now this hasn't
happened the oh the Jo oh that's nice
baby bass bait the joke is starting to
Chuck Boris
that's fine we will give up on our Chuck
Norris death joke bids
yeah Matt be for 25 we didn't talk about
Matt Landis max landis we liked him he's
a cool guy he's a cool guy and we talked
about a lot of cool stuff and he let us
read his comic book like three weeks
earlier than we should have and that was
really neat and he was giddy to have
somebody read it ya know and like not
only that we just talked about comics
and like he's a genuine he like you know
III know like I know how he comes across
but he is a very genuine guy he just
happens to talk a lot and I think people
confuse like the amount of things I
think people know knows he has a famous
father and they just assume he's going
to be a spoiled brat
yeah but he's like really genuine about
things you see that but safe that was a
great boat save you save so much but
he's really genuine about the things
that he cares about and you know it was
really fun talking with him he talks a
lot but it was really fun talking with
him once you figure out how to how to
get him to stop talking it was great
which is of course more a joke but once
you figure out how to get in a
conversation with him he was really fun
to talk to
uh-huh I am I'm looking forward to
Jessica Jones on Friday
oh is that Friday Friday I'm looking
forward to it I'm I'm fan of the alias
comic books yeah yeah yeah um also
everyone please remember if you've
played a couple games with us to drop
out and let other people join I I got
into a preacher debate with max landis
and I had to leave because I haven't
read preacher yet it ended with him
acknowledging that I was right I will
say that boom well that's like like
that's the kind of that's what I mean by
like genuine like he will have nerd
debates but like be totally cool with
your ideas on the subject he presented
his head his idea and then I'm like well
my counterpoint uh-huh and then he
stopped and you could see him thinking
for a second and he said are you right
so no he was he was cool he was cool to
hang with and I I don't want to bother
getting in the details he had a theory
about Jesse's imaginary friend John
Wayne okay don't get into details I
still want to read preacher yeah I
should have buck bounced I could I could
have done it backwards but bounce but oh
my god oh my god I am apparently
terrible at this game right now here we
go here we go almost yeah almost
oh okay Isis I get thisis I'll take this
or or nice shot zum listen thanks zombie
but I'm in this for me okay rich are you
excited all about the preacher TV no it
looks like they're entirely missing the
point I'm at this point half convinced
that the show is gonna have a pro
religion message at the end
from the very little I know about the
comics the the trailer doesn't seem
close to that what but III know very
very little about the comics all right
no he's gonna stick around in that
stupid tone and he's gonna help the
locals with their problems with his
powers it's gonna be so it's gonna be
that bad
I'm worried think yep and they're gonna
be too terrified to have a message a
message of the show being that God's an
asshole they're gonna they're gonna
they're gonna cop out on that oh yeah
they probably have to it's tough because
like AMC has had big success with The
Walking Dead and I want to say a lot of
their success has come from like being
faithful to the comics being a little I
know it's not gonna happen it's not
gonna happen
oh no but this what I'm what I'm
confused with is like they've had
success being edgy and like Wyatt why
are they straying from the formula just
because it saves them a buck do I do I
think our space will be in the show it
doesn't matter because I think they're
gonna get everything important wrong
doesn't matter if that one character is
also in it or not somatically it's it's
it's gonna be contrary to the source
material just wait for it oh my god it's
gonna be like Smallville oh I hope not
who the fuck was that kid that was 90
percent of a trailer fuck that kid fuck
that kid right he's the local that he's
helping I guess
goli gotta be a goalie yo I'll just stay
over here I'll do flips and shit oh shit
why oh because you're your head well you
know it's good to have a goalie
especially like four on four there's a
way to there's a smart way to play
defense and I don't think it's by
hanging back in the goal all the time
yeah you know I think I think like once
the balls on the far end like it is now
I think you're okay hanging out at a
halfway mark
ready to jump in to get an easy goal if
need be I'm with you like I've played TV
too and when one person sits in goal and
you just can't score because there's
assholes is always in your own goal and
it's one you know B versus two other
guys right never gonna score I hardly
ever won me verse two other guys and
he's just sitting back there doing jack
shit for four minutes and I lose that
match because of that you fucked that
person that's not how you play the game
well we have fliers we got Flyers
everybody I got this I got a I'm so oh
my god I'm so sorry
Zomba you you probably had that you
probably had that and I hit you
I knocked yeah I'm gonna I'm going back
to the goal I'm gonna I'm gonna hang out
back here this is where I belong
I can't do anything else right so I'm
just gonna hang out over here if you
guys need me I'll be in here
what's called cyber seduction that
sounds like the title of the next Neal
Breen movie is that the title of the
next movie there's some kind of movie
about somebody's life I don't know
well cyber seduction the story of bream
the story of one man's conquest of
lawsuit oh I got the assist nice from
all the way back here Mike said
something about Double Down during the
screening and it's like ex-cop
yes he's so right yes well it's it's a
joke if you don't know what axe cop is
ex cop is a webcomic and I literally
written by a five year old boy
where is he seven yeah yeah kid he's
he's definitely young a child drawn by
his older much older brother and it's
about a cop who has an axe and you know
it's it's like and then the cop finds a
dinosaur and he found a dinosaur but the
criminal also had a dinosaur yeah and
they're super sick dinosaur fight and
that's what that's what Neil Breen is
he's a child making a movie cuz he's the
best at everything
axe cop cartoon were already cancelled
oh well I guess I haven't I didn't watch
it till I say this mother comic I read a
little bit got old quick yeah I would
not old quick I would see them if you
want if you want kind of random chaos
and a fun webcomic mmm read dr. McNinja
which is actually it's in its last
storyline
they're making ninja it's getting ready
to end tonight go read it now go read it
now dr. McNinja is amazing
cyber seduction is an anti pornography
movie now we're talking anti-pornography
anti yeah anti a movie that is against
pornography what it wasn't that you were
watching earlier I saw you pop into the
chat and like someone made is are there
people that believe that we live flat
earth yes this is a real face is a real
thing
you know why why because in the Bible in
the biblical view the world is flat it's
it stems from religion that's like
they're they're the same kind of people
who are like the new earth creation at
young earth creationist oh yeah the
people who believe that the earth is
like yeah seven thousand yeah or
whatever yeah some of the more extreme
versions of these people also believe
that the earth is flat really yes
that's amazing I started to watch a
little bit of it and then as soon as as
soon as this part this sort of rich
shared this video that was a YouTube
video about like the science behind Flat
Earth theory
please use air quotes
well there's science there it's bad
science but they're seconds and as soon
as he started like his the main argument
of the piece was a government conspiracy
to keep this information from the public
for some reason for gain because that I
don't know because they don't like God
yeah because somehow that gives them
power and it was and I had to stop
watching there because that that hit the
point of of ridiculous for me but it was
great
that's right can someone show me a non
doctored picture of a satellite that
isn't obviously fake no I I it boggles
my mind that people like that can't
exist oh you weren't here was something
that it was slightly maybe as crazy may
be crazier I'm not really sure flat
earth man all right you don't Neal Adams
Comics comic book legend Neal Adams you
know what he believes
well what who is he firstly he is famous
for drawing like Batman in the 70s okay
really nice art style famous guy famous
comic famous Neal Isaac chemical are
believes in the expanding Earth theory
the expanding yeah the continents fit
together because the earth was smaller
and there were no oceans some point and
it's the earth has slowly been getting
larger you know what I'm gonna say that
makes more sense than flattery I'm not
young I'm just not sure I would take
that over Flat Earth but Neil Neil Adams
is an expanding earth ER okay okay
that's fine that you know now I've heard
it's the comic book Neil or there's this
possibility maybe it's just some other
Neil Adams and there's confusion but
everything I've read it's it's the Neil
Adams so well every time we get hit by a
meteor the earth gets a little bit
larger kid away I don't know this flat
earther video that I saw the guy did not
seem to be joking no no he seemed very
it's a Bible thing very serious cause
like you get like like an hour and a
half into it he's like okay I'm just
being subtle about this but God just
because God and God is oh my god
it's
thank you for subscribing nine says Jack
I believe that the earth is flat more
than I believe that there is a God
lensless in ski can you please
differentiate between religious people
and crazy people look the crazy people
are crazy about their religion this is
an important factor and they're crazy
not that all religious people are crazy
I've never I've never said that and
don't pretend I did well you know it's
you know there there's a there's a weird
line there's a weird line obviously
religion has a tone in this person's
belief that there the earth is actually
flat and this person is a crazy person
and his religion is part of that that
that was you know what that was that was
a whole lot of me saying nothing yeah
and I really liked that I'm pretty good
at that sometimes crazy people there's
crazy people out there this Flat Earth
theory is crazy it's ridiculous it's
beautiful I love it that that can exist
mhm
doesn't that make you feel happy because
it's fun to watch the crazy people be
crazy
I think 9/11 truthers are crazy too and
that has nothing to do with religion but
in the case of this Flat Earth thing it
it does I'm sorry
right yeah they're crazy too everybody
said everybody's a little crazy
everybody's a little crazy man but jet
fuel can't melt steel beams
9/11 truthers our assholes though yeah
you know this flat earth guy sounded
like an asshole you haven't asked so I'm
gonna put that out there somebody still
has the link from what I posted earlier
you can repost it nobody who can see for
themselves oh man it's like if you want
to watch something and just feel good
about you not being crazy I'm having a
terrible night really terrible that
happened really really terrible I can
only imagine like Manos mannose fate han
says for an actual scientist it makes me
want to pull my hair out individually I
can only imagine like someone who like
does really like you know like a
geologist or you know like a NASA earth
scientist you know but but earth
pictures are all fake that have to be
because if you went up that high you'd
hit the dome they blues and all they
believe in a dome there's a dome they
believe in a dome the earth is is 32
miles wide and it revolves in like a
circle over the earth a thousand a
thousand miles above us it was great
maybe they got specific 32 miles wide it
was great so like you get to watch the
video and then if you if you say to
yourself this video is crazy you just
get to feel really good about you not
being that person and it's great it's
like an ego boost it's like a great ego
boost there's there's I think it might
be a different flattering video but
there's one where like he's just like
every time he talks about like gravity
he's just sounds like there's just
discussed is your gravity yeah we got we
all head towards the center huh what
holds the Penguins up gravity
land fly Kaczynski we don't we we don't
mean to insult you and now hopefully no
one in the you calling it Lynn flack is
Lynn fly Kaczynski yeah it's a flat
earther I'm calling it don't you don't
you do it don't you do it
we what my fiancee goes to church I
don't hate all religious people I don't
think they're all stupid no and we and
we do not encourage anyone in the chat
to make fun of religion we do encourage
you to make fun of flat-earthers but
when somebody thinks the earth is flat
I'm gonna make fun of them yes
absolutely
leave the Len fly Kaczynski alone unless
she's a flat earth plant if you're a
flat earther man we can't help you
there's no help for you not even our
Lord breezes couldn't could it could
help you that's the one thing that our
Lord breezes cannot do is defend flat
earthers no no Neil Breen would prove
the earth was flat and then he would
make it round but my fiancée is a
breezes you take the syringe you just
like inject it into the ground
oh you you give nd take breeze
what
what's gonna time as a time as a cube
that makes perfect sense
what oh that's another theory I think
this one was more ingest because
technically it works but you can't prove
it the right what I I'm not familiar
enough with the two to get in depth but
okay the earth could be a cube and the
things we see in the sky and the
day/night cycles would still make sense
oh geez I'm with you I love it I love it
all I think I think it's more thought
experiment than belief on that
whoo I don't want perfectly normal it's
be anawalt ah breathe man
do you see that Neil brain is playing
with us today
Oh Sabrina here someone came to name to
me Oh brain that's that's fantastic oh I
see it that's great
is that why blue is winning that's funny
because Neil brain is the best rocket
League driver he was captain of the
rocket League team you just ended there
he is the best rocket League driver
that's all you need to say I'd like
Allegan when he wins he wins all the
games after after winning after winning
all the medals it awarded to the
greatest of the rocket League drivers
like a I gave up being a rocket the best
rocket leaf driver because of the love
of my life and now when I rock it the
best my love is with me rocketing first
touch
no Neil look at that Neal Brennan was so
good he wanted to score on it on us just
to make it fair just make it a fail kid
just to make it a fail fight what are
you guys talking about Ra's al Ghul is
it raza ratio rule you you were not
faithful enough and the brain had to
strike the it was punishment for your
fear transgression and and because the
Bree the Breen is the best at anything
no one could score on the brain so he
scored on himself yes yes that makes
perfect sense that makes perfect sense
Breen in in the 3rd minute of the game
he will rise to score again I accept
I accept your your just punishment yep
yep
kind of got all flappity do over here
it's Rach
is it rasa ratio cool it's you know what
it's been said different ways they I
think here's the way it works the actual
like way it's pronounced is raysh okay
but I believe the guy who created the
character are forgetting who was it one
of the famous Batman writers and I can't
remember which one it was huh
Danny O'Neill I think okay I think
according to him the way he said it was
Ross oh okay so it's in flux yeah it's
in flux gotcha gotcha I don't know I I'm
half paying attention to the chat so I
don't know where that came from but no
see bill hecka Breen when flack is in
ski you don't need Redemption in my eyes
we're fine we're all good we're having
fun tonight
we're we're having fun we're having
we're cool you can you can I know that
you it's great that you love Mad Max but
it's fine doesn't matter it's fine
everything's great about you all the
time except for if you're flat earther
Billa hecka says Billa hecka says
something that is incorrect and we need
to we need to address this he says he
says Breen is everywhere and nowhere and
that is not true Breen is every way he's
just everywhere he is everywhere all the
time he's everywhere he needs to be
because he is so good at everything that
he is everywhere he wants to be like
have you seen DoubleDown he's alive but
he was also talking to his dead parents
he's both alive and dead this is how he
talks to his dead wife am I wrong
I know I know the Breen fills my brain
with goodness and wholesome it's the
holy duality
oh it's no
holy singularity the holy singularity
the brain is a singular being of pure I
think we're gonna have to disagree on
the text here because he's clearly alive
and dead
no he's also he is also a terrorist and
an anti-terrorist fighter but they're
all one breathe he is both he both saves
and destroys Las Vegas at the same time
that's true there is clearly it breen
duology but it's all for the purpose of
breehn and so it's the singular it's the
singular brain there's gonna be a schism
in the church now it's only but it's
church for four hours and there's
already a goddamn schism I I am an
evangelical brainís are you gonna nail
the the treatise on the door of the
studio
III believe in taking over fuck oh my
god oh my god that was awful of me I
believe taking the word of breehn
literal oh I yes and obviously here's
here's the real part of rich and I
debating the text of brain is neither of
us have read the full text which is
perfect i I've seen I've seen the
trailer for the second book of brain and
and it looks fantastic I am here now
where I am that's the first book of
brain isn't it no double Don is the
first that's the first okay and then the
second is I am here now the third is
fateful findings and the fourth upcoming
book shot by Neal Breen what is the
fourth book of brain it's not it's not
out yet right the fourth book of brain
is in production is in production
latter-day Breen's
you guys are the greatest except for
those of you who are flat Oh position
properly that's too far ahead through
pass through the upcoming fourth text of
Breen pass through ver pass through what
pester over pass over try to do more of
a thing no it's not don't do it don't do
it
don't do it can't do it oz Mike says
I've decided to become a brilliant ah
Bri intelligence oh no does that mean
you're gonna scan people out of money
and all the name of breeze well you're
actually you're your soul is made up of
five thousand breeding green machines
beta beta Brennan's this don't you
understand that all of the depression
and negative feelings that you are
experienced is actually a in green
balance and we can purge the the
negative brains there's one it was when
Renu put all of the souls in the space
volcano and he hacked the volcano yeah
so it would explode scattering the beta
Breeden's the middie brain Ian's minions
we need to clear your body of the MIDI
brain Ian's
thank you for subscribing says no matter
how hard I try I just can't bring myself
off these jokes okay okay
and we'll never get old at least not
today at least not today
tomorrow who knows but today today it's
a lovely day something I was saying
earlier is this morning you know I was
trying I was trying to describe
DoubleDown to my wife and yes she's not
like big into bad movies she is sho
indulge me and like oh you know watch a
movie but that we know will be bad
beforehand but today she likes movies
but not you know she doesn't she's not
into bad movies like like we are and I
was I was trying very hard to just
describe the movie to her to know it was
no there was no use yeah it was
absolutely there was no way she could
understand the glory of breehn she watch
the trailer right and but then that's
the thing we watched the trailer we
watched the trailer for it and then we
watched the trailer for all of his other
movies and and she's a Britney Britney
ver now now she's a born-again believer
which means she is anthrax that's right
to Carlisle what do we say in the face
of breehn might get old we say not today
not today I have not fully converted her
actually we just scream and run away
into the desert I have not fully
converted her to brainy ology or
whatever we're called the Church of of
breena's breezes as she has not yet
experienced any of the full texts of our
Lord breezes
you know chaos four versus four makes it
really hard to put up a good centering
pass cuz just too many people in front
of the net that's that's why it's chaos
oh no oh no I I gotta Neil's way and I
fucked up our shot I prevented Neil
brain from scoring you I'm I'm the anti
Neil your trust in Neil brain was not
complete rich so many so many in
justices against the brain
but what I don't know yeah one second I
think we're gonna win it good
I know new Bryn says you now have
anthrax what our cars bump together you
just wiped anthrax on your wheels on
your car okay we will now we will now
conclude okay I think that's fair
we will now conclude the day let us let
us give tithing x' to breeze us as we
read aloud the subscribers to us the
voice host the host of bream the hope
the voice hosted bream Edward Jellico
male gigolo or gigolo was Jellico the
name is Jellico Edward Jellico male
gigolo okay yeah we're Jellico or or
giggle oh it's not Jilla coab is there's
no either Jellico it's gonna be Jellicoe
Jellico is his last name
yeah Edward Jellico Mel giggle OH was
what I said gigolo yeah gigolo whatever
the rising sun for the past twelve
months
nasty flat April I love you Brett is 16
months thank you I do love you
Brad is a geek f4 tickets afro tickets
afro Tikas afro circus afro takus the
great afro Turkish Oh beep 12 months in
a row the Boozer Raider Jack notices do
he really does
rhubarb giraffe rhubarb giraffe I like
that that's a rhubarb rhubarb a giraffe
you know world tea cause I T Karl's I'll
Carlo Kurt T Carl for tomorrow numbers
things done twisters pack jacquard too
slap-happy to read um Josh you also see
a today ax s bandit magnitude pew pew I
got you in the boom no MN guitars oh
that's it
try to detect thank you for subscribing
nine thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true it's really doing and thanks
thanks for all the tips tonight and
thanks for coming out for all
