Feb 1, 2015
Madden NFL 2015
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3760465
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3760470
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3760475
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3760480
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAbI1Ke-JWM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIrnmfzqovg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxP3SoKHWJY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-phZH4B1Lvw
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/561649868696211457

[Part I]
Maiden's we have made it did we well
we're here I don't know if that means
we've made it the the city of fucking
Milwaukee up up in up in sunny Wisconsin
apparently has no idea how to handle
snow wish baffles me to no end right
I came from the Chicagoland area and the
minute the first snowflake hit the
ground you would you would look out on
the street and at any given time you
would see two salt trucks and three
plows yep here nothing nothing it's been
snowing all night all afternoon
nothing nothing nothing no it was a
fucking joke
I almost got stuck on my street I live
in the city my street was not plowed yet
my alley was plowed but my street wasn't
plowed yet and then I get here and I get
stuck in the parking lot and the and the
ironic part is the plow was there k-g
batter me bread kg batter me bread thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated also mt4 thank you for
subscribing also earlier there was like
a pee pee towel I think okay subscribe
subscribe me like it the name wrong but
that was like 30 minutes ago we love all
of it and we love all of you for
subscribing
except for all of you were complaining
about the stream starting late when we
came here on a blizzard to stream we
came here in a blizzard is there a disc
in here already is that way I don't I
don't I don't know I don't know I don't
PS I can I just want to die oh yeah I
think I just want to die a horrible
glory thank you for subscribing also mr.
shy smile thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated a horrible glory
and mr. shy smile horrible glories been
with us for three months mr. shy smile
for four months how do you eject a disc
in
their button wouldn't that be great duty
going out we're gonna start like - oh my
good lord
Wow bring hold on
bring brings knife to gunfights thank
you for subscribing for the last six
months than Facebook you just subscribed
thank you thank you for that we've
really much appreciated Rexxar F J Lloyd
oh my god thank you
I listen subhype is a real thing Lloyd
beads thank you for subscribing all
these subscriptions will cover one tenth
of the car repairs it's going to cost me
driving here today Lloyd pieces would
have been with us for the past five
months okay hold on we're getting there
pear green oh thank you for subscribing
you've been with us for the past four
months sheep will prevail you just
subscribed and we very much appreciate
it also the Ocho knows you've been with
us for the past six six months that's
incredible Oh Oh ed Witten ed Witten
also been with us for the past six
months thank you guys so much you're
filling our our tiny shriveled hearts
with your frozen gerbil hearts our
frozen shriveled hearts are filled with
joy we really appreciate you guys yeah
we really appreciate it
we're it was it was tough getting here
today but we knew we three times like oh
my god is this a joke what there's
another one I know oh yeah Henry KB in
93 thank you for subscribing also fisted
buy dope smoke
mr. by dub smoke thank you subscribe we
really appreciate it
just get him to get all these out of the
way now guys June Bug 406 thank you for
subscribing also you ninja we oh my lord
moon inja framed camera thank you both
for subscribing you you fill us with joy
I'm gonna I'm gonna drink my one and
only beer muffle muffle tea thank you
for subscribing I can have one beer
today cuz I don't even want to go out in
this weather just even with the hint of
beer on my breath and so I'm drinking my
one beer at the start that matter where
I could see it I could do some of these
so sorry for for the mother or for the
mucker mm thank you for subscribing and
also stick-figure that's a great name
figure thank you for subscribing we
appreciate it both of you guys we're
gonna start with madden 15 obviously huh
no we're gonna rearrange slightly what
the fucking deed thank you for
subscribing thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it thank you for
subscribing since your ambien yep well
but I think this is a different
different thank you for subscribing also
we have this one show logo erm thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
elevator hazard thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
is this gonna be the whole stream you
know guys yeah the whole street that's
fine oh no did you oh what did you do I
pressed the button
nope what did you do I press the button
alright the chat saying I should stick
to the Bears we should do bears versus
Packers should we do that I love it or
should we do a Super Bowl recreation
let's first figure out how to play the
game no I think the Super Bowl with
people who don't know how to
the game could be a music first move yes
first move trade cutler hold on let me
update this dream real quick here Super
Sunday football stream Madden 15 that we
are playing Madden NFL 15 great what the
fuck
Paul Verhoeven no relation not really
can I've made that part of Paul
Verhoeven thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it and thank you
for Robocop also Total Recall yeah yeah
okay I accidentally press the power
button on my ps4 when I was moving it
out of there and so it's turning back on
no I apologize we haven't even started
the game yet we've been streaming for 15
minutes we've just been thanking people
we've just been thanks all we've been
doing it's all we're doing today and
making people that I add stream that's
the stream this is what you get okay
somebody how many you check people are
actually from the the European area the
euro something uh Taliban thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do it's very true look what
continent is Europe in Asia it's an
Asian okay I believe it's part of the
greater you reading both about biscuits
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
thank you for all your cards oh my god
today thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
alright guys here's my first here's my
first anarchists rule here I actually
have not read the end user License
Agreement boom
I didn't read it I'm setting this thing
over here so we can we could play the
footballs let's play the footballs
because we're both sports experts so
here's some context for y'all's rich and
I when's the last time you've played a
Madden game um possibly never you've
never played a minute
I might have played one in like 1998
okay all right I like it my history
here's my history with sports
yeah I'm mostly a baseball fan but I've
I've mostly only been a baseball fan for
like ten years so I've never really
played any of the sports games your
smelter wedge in all of us here's the
finger this is the engine this is the
European stream I thought fuck so our
fans oh my god Ganon Master thank you
first we're gonna just for the sake of
the stream are we gonna have to stop
thinking after a while well listen we're
gonna do what we can okay okay is this
this is one guy who's just like
subscribing and unsubscribing over
darkness that's the binary Sun we know
him thank you for subscribing the past
two months Tom Leonard ow ski thank you
for subscribing you've been with us for
the past 4 months get all these
subscriptions out of the way now so we
don't have to worry about it when we
start playing the European stream right
yeah they don't understand the football
right not the right foot American
football is there I'll call it American
football if I can call soccer European
football yeah I mean you know do you
call do you go french fries french fries
and France and you just call it fries
you know I think they call them crisps
crisps I think they call them crazy like
this snack crisps no and by the way I
see someone who's asking us to stop
thanking people yeah never child-bride
for example child-bride thank you very
much ciao bride has been a subscriber
for the past 7 months are you telling me
I should not thank him for supporting us
no I'm gonna that's all you get that's
all you get you get you get our most
appreciation and we want some
should we vocalize it each and every
time you get you get our thanks in a
warm sunny feeling in your soul also you
are not seeing like a glitch here this
has been like loading are you getting
for the past five minutes what I know
what the fuck right USB Snow Crash thank
you for subscribing we very much chef
ranada do we need to explain the rules
for like the European I don't know the
rules that's meant makes it even more
fun when you explain the rules football
like I used to play a lot of these games
I you know I was I was just a general
video gamer my brother is a big sports
guy yeah and so we always had a sports
game and that's all he would play so I
would just play the sports game never
knowing what I was doing and it
infuriated him to know and whenever I
beat him yeah because of course I'm
picking plays at random this is it's
just installing the whole fucking game
is that what's going on I have no idea
Jesus fuck but what you know we're
streaming we're thanking the people who
are subscribing is this good I'm still
shocked at this right we just want to
play a game we just want to play a game
this is gonna take an hour and 45
minutes it doesn't even have a loading
bar so you can see some idea of the
progress that's being made I like dick
diverted where he says American football
rule number one you boil the water I
don't understand what that means but I
think that's funny yeah so basically for
anyone who doesn't know see this is
gonna sound really stupid I'm gonna say
for anyone who doesn't know what
football is like the two teams they line
up on the line of scrimmage right and
then and then they count 14 yeah and
then the ball is hooked to the
quarterback
and then he has to do a little a little
run a little circle real quick just to
set the play right and then and then he
tosses the ball to the closest man who
was over 22 years of age okay and then
that person has to run the ball okay in
whatever direction he's facing at the
time he catches him really straight line
I did not any he cannot turn it up oh no
is there like varying degrees or no
no fees if these were running a little
bit backwards when he catches the ball
he has to keep running backwards so he
doesn't that's when they call follow oh
so he can still run towards his loss
Falls and you're out of the game oh is
that true yes see there's so much I
don't know about American football thank
you for educating me still loading up I
see him now your job is to get the ball
to the opposing team because you want
them to score as many times as possible
is it true the team with the lowest
score uh-huh wins Oh first of all Edie
2:09 thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it sprouts ed-209 ed-209
thank you for subscribing really
probably should have said it like that
okay oh so it's golf rules
Louis oh yes low score wins okay that's
really good to know you want as many
interceptions as possible I think if I
press circle to cancel I just go back to
the other menu I don't think it's
probably a wish cancel and and lowered
again okay see ya then I just go back to
the main that's minor well that might
have been a hang-up there was something
weird going on trying we're trying again
okay we are trying again that was way
too long to be normal that was oh okay
yeah now different things are happening
yeah
what was happening then is some problem
okay guys I pressed F I paid respects oh
my god what the fuck is this we have no
idea and that's part of the fun oh my
god hurry up call timeout is less
spikeball here we go so ya know it and I
mean I'm gonna guess it has been over a
decade since I've played like any sort
of sports games all Greek to me
is this like a story mode I don't know I
know what the fuck this is
can I skip this country I don't know
nope we have to watch this playing this
on a ps4 we are bang and spooky Dookie
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
also thank you for making rich say see
it's spooky Dookie
see this is the ball of foot
sir Hilary man fat thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate I don't
know if that name is a reference to
something sir mr. Hilary man fat but I
like it
the long-lost thank you for subscribing
been with us for the past five months
we very much appreciate it so why is it
called football do I know why is it
called football
Mico Mikael nickel thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
that's true I've heard it's called
football because originally the ball was
supposed to be one foot long this is the
thing this is football in football huh
and the European size well you don't
even close the ball of your foot it's
love football
another is punting and whatnot oh this
is like a tutorial oh this is tutorial
that's not fun that doesn't go to a
screen where you just pick nope oh my
god who does the what I just want to
skip this there we go quick are you sure
you want to exit the game yes
watch two old men be confused someone
was asking if I will let my children
play football yeah yeah they can do
whatever they want or even 'y'all
there's a whole lot of controversial
information coming in off on concussions
yeah long-term problems yes true you
don't even need the major hits a
cumulative effect of running into other
people full-speed over and over again
absolutely or is it you am i nothing
control it's you it's me okay who's our
favorite team well are we doing oh you
do you pick I don't give shit Cheryl we
want to play player versus player yeah I
don't know how I got here so apparently
some kids at school so Parker refers to
whenever he sees a game of football he
refers to it as baseball because he does
not know any better
hello Draco thank you for subscribing
been with us for the past six months six
long crew it's gruesome months and so
someone was making fire here because all
right you know our last name is Packard
which sounds a lot like the Packers yeah
and so the other day he said to me that
he's not a Packers fan and I was like
right and he's like but the kids say I'm
a Packers fan because because Packard
sound like Packers oh okay he's like so
I'm I want to be a Bears fan and I said
no I don't think you do why not why
would you discourage him from finding a
team he likes no I was like okay you can
be a Bears fan and the other day he said
he wanted to go see a Bears game
oh he's like you want to go see a
football game he's never seen a football
game rich Reid Stardust thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
was it a reference to rich Reid I have
no idea did my the one my fianc wall let
my fiance was on did she mention wanting
me to read start us I think this book
she likes oh maybe if that's the book
I'm thinking of
I just want to play player-versus-player
that should have been like one of these
it should've been thing number one play
no go to play now wait see you look play
as the Bears that's not it
well just you just go to play not no
we're gonna try it we're gonna try it
look online head-to-head
we don't want online Panthers at
Seahawks unless it doesn't even let you
do split-screen player versus player is
here is your controller on by the way ok
maybe this is it maybe it didn't know we
had two controllers Oh your user one
sure ok ok so no change your active
profile might law ok
okay this is one active one in active I
don't get that oh oh can you move over
to active site whoa there we go
okay just fine do they not do that are
they not dude two-player hey go over
mwah what's for over further right in
this football game for football oh my
god someone help us
what's Jett saying about things you you
look at the menus and reading this play
now is what you want like I told you 45
minutes so it says play as they are I
say okay here we go so you go to bears
okay
hey hey no I have to pick oh there we go
I mean I'll be the Packers well we don't
bears and Packers are we're recreating
the Super Bowl
Oh oh I get it oh wait how did you choke
okay who's in the Super Bowl
Patriots done the Seahawks okay I'll be
the Patriots and you're the Seahawks I
guess sure let's do it
except skill level rookie Oh Madden who
edit uniforms let's see what that does
really I don't know really I don't know
sure this is fine everything's fine
okay ready what the fuck your wrist ik
rat thank you for subscribing Judge Brad
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it I love judge bread right I
want to start the game where's where's
the button to start the game
what button does that oppress X it I
know first already there we go yeah
okay now we're ready don't edit the
fucking ed listen I just wanted to see
what it does everybody set it down play
call style whoa
ah quick it shows all three suggestions
at a time that gives us more options as
we don't know what we're doing oh sure
okay I think great I don't know
Wow okay we don't know what we're doing
is we skip the tutorials that might be
fun or it might just be awful I don't
know what we're gonna get
I want to let ever know I did bring as a
backup I brought Madden 98 for the Super
Nintendo okay and so if we get too
confused with this modern matter Madden
game we can plug in the Super Nintendo
and then what else did you bring just
one other game we have right oh oh yes
and we also have FIFA 14 okay and so we
have a European so you got man 15 but
only FIFA 14 that's all they had are you
putting it beneath football you're
putting football beneath football Jack
what I what I read about FIFA 14 versus
FIFA 15 is that they're there
obsessively the same game with with just
a newer lineup okay and so and you know
I don't know anything about European
football
also yeah is mad if does madam even
commentate anymore are they just called
madam now out of out of oh my god we
have to do something wait which one am i
again you're the you're the white team
I'm gonna wait save and you're I'm the
dark blue tipz our booty okay I'll make
it simple
well then simple for Jack okay alright I
know what I'm doing oh my god I don't
know what I just didn't I did something
it's a picture play oh I get it
what did you do it I think I'll do it I
think so I did a thing oh that looks
like it was a good kick oh great oh my
what am i doing what what what character
am i I didn't drop the football so I'm
pretty happy with that don't forget to
deflate the ball first
absolutely exactly that's the that's the
weird thing about this franchises madden
is no longer a person in sports okay I
know what I just did okay okay I also
have no idea what buttons to press to
pass the football wish fart thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it make sure to
control them gasses yo okay
oh okay this is actually pretty easy hey
I did it
so the the button comes up over the
player yeah you want to pass it to and I
just did it do you get to select who you
wish to pass it to yeah because the
buttons come up oh okay all right here
we go
rich going right down this is the
decider but this is not 100% decider of
who wins the footballs nope I'm going to
deflate your balls that's the thing x
times Brady has deflated balls yeah
his doctors looking oh I have to have to
go again animus primal we have no idea
what's going on either we are literally
just pressing buttons and oh no arm up
sides
oh yeah flag down does they know I
didn't know what let me move before the
plane is terrible this terrible like I'm
when I'm holding down to get ready to go
and he just moved that was awful
well I want to accept yeah you did it
you cold you people doing that's all on
me this is this is great
I'm loving this and so I guess for
anyone who doesn't know American
football our goal is we need to move the
football you need to get to the yellow
line we have four plays to get to the
yellow line yeah oh no oh no you tackled
me ah you sacked me I don't know how to
spin dick the birthday boy and by the
way I don't know if Phoenix is here yet
but I'm gonna go out on a limb and say
that there are no spikes in my state oh
yeah you spiked the ball down when you
get the end zone jack oh my future Lion
brain God Richard brilliant oh oh god I
have to do thing again okay all right
I'm ready yep that was a jack sack oh my
god four seconds go go
but what you can't be king is there a
button I need to press to catch it I
don't want to you don't want to punt I
don't want to punt
all right it's fine by me
I ran fucking chicks going 4 on 4 and 6
I don't know what that means
that's bad all my plays are running
plays I wanted I want a passing play I
don't tell you he's telling me what he
wants to do the way a game is kind of
amazing what the fuck delay of game
which you have to accept or decline oh I
love the way of game yeah I'll accept it
all right I don't understand no punting
you got to pick a player each other yeah
sure exactly what I want to do alright
let's fucking puns it's fine this way
are
what do I need to do look good that that
was the terrible thing as I tried to
figure out yeah it didn't work that was
a terrible thing I'm not very good at
okay very good at football
did you know yes
Oh hand egg is that what you call it
that's fine this is what we're doing
today we're playing we're playing cuz
today's a football day we're playing
football games that's how it works at
least it isn't boring ball boring ball
like baseball
I think baseball's terribly boring what
are we doing oh I'm doing things okay
all right I think I did things
how do I lose me oh shit oh that was me
by the way I don't want to do what it's
supposed to do I was hitting the button
and things weren't happening l1 what
does that one do I don't know but
there's a button over somebody said they
said l1 oh no sorry that's right you
know I'm sorry I've no you know I don't
know game emmechelle I've never seen
blood bow have you ever seen boys bow
yes yes no we've never we've never seen
it I am a savant if for anyone who just
saw that wicked ass tackle that was
wicked wicked oh shit I have to do think
okay went for the ground game oh you
took too long
look too long what I have to do you
proud I don't know you see you shamed
more times than zero right you guys
choose your plays fast rich you gotta
choose your plays fast all right let's
go all right let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go
how do you start the game boom boom
a gain of only a yard nothing ow
press X not to get a penalty X is
basically the only button I ever press
this is all I want to let you know how's
life and stuff telling us alright you
know a little snowy today today was a
bit of a hassle wait to shovel my car
out wait to shovel my car out when I got
to see her cuz I got stuck in a little
bit of snow but it's fine everything is
fine I hit the buttons and nothing
happens that's what I call a super set
had to be holding forward when you throw
I was hitting the button I'm sorry he
wasn't throwing you all repaired for my
suit soups super sec I don't know what
I'm doing great I think that's great
I could not also figure out how I
couldn't figure out how to punch how did
you stop it in the green home forward
huh back and then forward oh but I think
it was shitty punt don't want to hi no
no I think that's a good punt because
that gives your team time to defend you
want it further back huh you want
further back you want to further back
sure you want it further back yes I'm
absolutely cheating this is the thing
you should know about me neither of us
know sports game it's true this is the
blind leading the blind and that's fact
that's what makes this great ok here we
go and do
almost intercepted I forgot which one
was r1 and r2 by the way though of the
bumper yes no I was in the bumper I know
that way all right I can do this I can
do this I'm ready for this I see someone
is saying this game will probably zero
zero that's probably dumb the max thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it
shit how did that happen
by the way I picked a play that I was
supposed to toss it to my left maybe I
don't know how to read play but you hit
the button and you didn't toss it to
your left yeah that's right okay it's
quite possible I don't know what I'm
doing whoever you think so I'm enjoying
this look I mean I you know when we're
done I might take this home and go
through the tutorial I'm learning the
game oh my I'm enjoying this all right
do what you do rich do what you do only
the birds didn't suck doesn't discolor
having a button that's just interception
interception oh that was close to
interception what meat says I don't get
it when do we get the wife-beating
murder dogfights season 2 professional
athletes football players specifically
yeah because it attracts aggressive
large men yeah that's the problem with
football we encourage aggression ok I'm
gonna try to figure this out this time
you're gonna try and fake again even
though it might not let you because I
think you're always allowed one fake oh
oh how do you catch you have to press a
button to catch do you know this
and I don't know okay do you really know
you did once you're the only one who's
caught a ball that's true
I didn't you just gave me field position
because you yeah and I knew you were
gonna fake did you yes I could see that
listen I don't that's this is my only
play my oh my only the only thing I know
about football is you're supposed to go
towards the goal line so that's all I
want to do is go towards the goal line
you don't have to press a button to
catch okay defense pick a play jack
oh shit I know it's real good field
position Saul yes dear
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it I say we fire coach Jack
at the end of the season absolutely
absolutely
coach jack has no idea what's going on
this is a real thing you should know
about coach Jack give them all the time
in the world but oh boo oh that's you I
thought I didn't get it I thought I only
invented it yeah this is just like
football like nothing happens
so generally in the fruitball you have
four downs what do they call them four
attempts
down is Jack down see afford downs and
the yellow line resets the typically on
the fourth one you always punt the other
team because you don't want to give the
other team position unless you're me and
your knees him at this game damn get him
got him I wasn't doing anything I was
not doing it I love doing is pressing
buttons I just literally was like mash
mash mash mash which is getting too
focused I'm sorry it's late I try to
play game good yeah I know I'm oh that
was the end of the first quarter you
know my brain does shut off a little bit
Swiss sports I just don't understand it
I just don't understand and then Jack
will have a nip slip if if you're lucky
Jack I'll get a nip slip
okay here we go
I change who I am
boom boom I pressed a button I don't
know if I actually did that if that was
just the AI this is actually the most
frustrating part where it's like I do
almost want to like go through the
instructions where it's like I don't
know if I'm doing anything I don't know
if I'm playing the game or if I'm
watching a game being played this one
okay here we go here we go Cupid cupid
cupid go dog what you get you get the
first that's Virgin at the first and
first oh that's perfect
I'm gonna score on your ass jag I'm
gonna be walking down that inside
what do you can do when I spike the ball
because there are spikes in this game
are there but I thought you get I don't
know what you're gonna do I thought you
get fined if you get spikes you can
spike you just can't dance after you
spike okay you can drop the ball yeah oh
yes well salius d I'm glad you subscribe
to hear us say your name hopefully you
enjoy just like XCOM hunker down right
son of orpheus thank you for subscribing
for the past 4 months now you very much
appreciate it I should probably pick up
I probably do that I should probably
pick a play ok you're right if I if only
I could get on the roof of the stadium
this wouldn't even be a contest you have
no idea yes there's nothing I stopped
them
I stopped them I got the first down well
you got the person I don't care I
stopped doing it stop dear
okay soos who's who's working for Jack
and who's he working for edge what are
the what are your best I'm guessing
there if I were to place a bet I would
place a bet on rich this is all I'm
saying
rich seems to understand what's going on
Oh God
boom gotcha gotcha that was me
I got Jenna and I did that I pressed a
button and I gotcha Mike will win
they're very confused Mike and Jay win
because they're not here in the snow
this one rich does have the ability to
learn which I do not you're right yes
oh thank you check that was very nice
you're gonna congratulate me like
they're welcome you see your pins this
is the sport you should like no this is
the right one I don't think that's right
wait you didn't spike it cuz you you
picked the wrong sport you didn't spike
it thank Eric is a thing happened you're
right a thing happened
ah damn it good good you jerk
well you're not gonna score that's
probably I don't all right here we go
here we go here we go here we go here we
go now here we go here we go he would go
now let's get ready to football all
right by the way X puts out a hand okay
X is a straight arm get off me
all right
okay vehicles if only we could fly all
right let's go and go
first down at the 30 will run it years
I don't know I don't know what would
happen Jack don't run directly into a
sea of lockers I know but like my play
was to return down the middle and so I
figured my blockers would return down
the middle and apparently that didn't
happen there I don't you know I don't
know so I thought I was supposed to run
down the middle to follow my blockers
but apparently my blockers were going
down the middle so I should have gone
down besides I'm learned I am learning
slowly try not I'm trying out my running
dream not not going so well
you can't run me jack I got paranoid I
can't I just want to say apparently not
what the fuck Jack never be punting Jack
never subscribing are you all ready for
this sorry sorry it's all back it'll be
fine
it will be hell I'll be fine mostly cuz
I have no idea how I did then I rich I
am doing a real field goal attempts I'm
actually doing a field goal attempt I'm
gonna let you know yeah I'm sure you're
not 100% doing a real field goal attempt
wait oh wait okay how do you do that
really it's good how do you how do you
make it stop what down on them phones
oh impress phone that's what I'm doing
okay I'm just
oh I still made it everything's fine
everything's all it's donated uh jack is
winning now john-boy don't point not
good
fucking Tom Brady okay that's how you do
you push forward boom kicking it oh you
better down that shit you ain't get
nothing you ain't getting nothing where
am I Who am I don't get nothing you
ain't get nothing all right
you're right what a great dunk that one
I like this
yeah yes okay listen I I I have no ill
will towards football games it's just
you know it's just a it's sports games
in general I think I restrain genre in
video games because basically the same
thing with better graphics alright but I
suppose if you haven't played one in a
while then it doesn't matter it was all
new to me jack great can I change who I
am
oh I can zoom out apparently or was that
you
sports sports sports sports sports I
wonder if this has motion controls we
need to know don't do that I'm gonna
start shaking the shit out of my
controller
okay do-do do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do are you all ready for
this
get out of my fucking way go yes
no first first I believe you I have 100%
belief right stick to tackle right stick
to tackle it seems wrong that seems
unintuitive but since I don't know any
better
two-minute warning two-minute warning a
half time - morning - morning okay they
have actual ads yes]
oh I was ready for this dammit
okay okay uh okay okay okay okay okay
okay we only have two minutes left we
have a minute photo okay let's go
we just got a gun this we just got a gun
this and let's go
well that was 100
oh that was that doesn't count
you didn't win that I lost it did you
see my guys like I hope everyone saw all
my men fall down because I was pressing
the wrong button
oh I wish it
all right speaker king riches to all
rich careful on your loudness I know you
get excited
I don't know what any of these oh I
think square is dived by the way
no we don't have 230,000 viewers right
now we have 825 viewers at the moment
and I think like 230 is like over the
lifetime not very impressive for its
keep for live viewers you know that's I
am okay with this I'm okay we got a
minute 36 yeah just let you know how to
enough time not enough time
okay here we go here we go here we go
again again son of a bitch
are you pressing anything no I just
happened okay
they like the button prompts and I'm
sure if there were a way to do it yeah
there would be a button promise
terrible terrible
okay I think we know who's gonna win I
think Jack got really lucky once okay
here we go I did throw to the guy on my
team I thought of it
oh yeah yeah get your game up Jack ie
and I'm working on it this is the
problem okay here we go here we go here
we go here we go here we go now I'm
still not a hundred percent sure I'm
like oh oh yeah I got the first I don't
think so third and inches yeah you're
right this is my real problem is I don't
understand my players motivations they
didn't make that really right stick is
evade the right stick is evade Oh
something like maybe that's like
twisting and Junia maybe yeah okay
thank you guys
oh shit oh shit
nope no cow injury injury timeout who's
hurt yeah fuck
okay if only like we could just murder
people yeah you lost someone important
may be returned no they're working on
getting you an update on the injury I
did get the first down though did you
yeah damn it
do you thing do a thing the one game I
couldn't find in time okay yeah I was I
was looking for for football and general
sports like football and soccer game yes
right and I remember I remembered an old
Sega Genesis game called mutant league
football where you players like zombies
and monster football and stuff yeah oh
thank you
and I couldn't find one near enough to
get it in time unfortunately but mutant
league football is a game i remember
playing oh oh oh what a weak-ass defense
what a weak-ass defense oh and they're
all the same time rich time in a long
time I got touchdown appreciated chap
and then you got my back
follow for that she reads me as well and
you're gonna win what inning is it now
it now it is the the middle is the third
inning we don't get a halftime show
oh no there's still 13 seconds left in
the second oh okay you get you get 13
seconds to it not score unless I can run
it back paul blart mall blah blah blah
muffler thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
oh I can't you can I'm sorry you kick
rich I'm so used to getting the ball
yeah ended the minute
sure oh by the way that right stick does
nothing okay let's just go right away ah
great
the Patriots offense ready now to see
what it could do
oh shit shit go go go can we go right
away oh no hadou running play with three
seconds I didn't think it was a running
play I'll be honest with you damn it oh
I apparently apparently not spikes
there's one spike in this game I was
trying to do a barrel roll I tried the
right stick maneuver but uh it didn't
work this game have the slaughter role
view scores so many points but there's
no possible way I can come back that
would be hilarious yeah that was a great
play that was a great play that was that
was one good play one good play sponsors
and ads in game that's brilliant by the
way yeah oh it is because like you know
obviously it gets you money for your
game but also it's it recreates the
experience of watching football it
recreates the unknowing experience of
watching professional sports is it any
wonder they churned one of these out
over here right this is the Bud Light
Verizon Subway McDonald's Chevy truck
halftime show
two-minute warning announcement brought
to you by ABC's Modern Family
boom kick it kicking it
oh we're here already I got shit you
ain't got shit you ain't got shit I got
shit 23 you know you could have just put
it putting me on it and got that 20 okay
I got three extra yards Jan what are you
just can you put a knee down in this how
do you piss soon you can put me down
sure but how I don't know how watch me
not know how nothing you got nothing
Sam woman thank you for subscribing we
really we we hope that your subscription
to us we hope your subscription to Us
makes you a a little bit less sad
brightens her day up even a little bit
borders formation here for the defense
Damon I made the wrong call I made the
wrong call that's fine
when you run things drag rounds across
the field the throat
this first-person real time this is the
FTL of real sports I don't move yeah
we're still being terrible at hand egg
speak for yourself I'm not being so
terribly no by the way we're getting it
this is our first sports game played in
a while this is our first sports hey how
do you I keep trying to change players
to get closer to to tackle and it
doesn't seem to be working the actual
Super Bowl starts I want to save like
five six six five thirty maybe Central
Standard Time so in about in about three
hours I think it starts and you know I
don't know how late we're going we're
going to if you like it yeah we might
run into the Super Bowl a little bit if
you want to stop watching us and watch
the Super Bowl that's fine but this is
what we're doing today this is what
we're doing today once
what's once we kind of get the feel for
this we can like talk about there's a
little timer on the D leaf
I'm realistic graphics yeah I'll accept
that
I hit the button before the 1 second
mark damn it yeah okay here we go here
we go here we go now here we go here we
go here we going now not even not even
close not even close right mutant
football
yes mutant football be great multi ball
a multi ball what I wasn't gonna tell
you i watch the movies over the weekend
yeah I was tweeting about it so people
might know what I watched I was really
considering because Lisa was out of town
my wife for those of you who don't know
Lisa was out of town and so that was my
opportunity so I just watched some
schlock at home cuz I do like in general
like if I want to watch a schlocky movie
I feel bad like making her watch it you
know she I guess she doesn't have to
watch it with me but oh but you know
like I take her into consideration with
whatever we watch I'm only have one TV
at house and so she was out of town it's
like I might watch Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles I'm thinking oh no because you
know morbid curiosity is gonna get to
bed better me eventually and I'm gonna
see it eventually right
but I decided against it last minute and
I finally got I finally watched
macGruber mm-hmm oh you're punting shit
enjoyed it it was fine
nothing was fine
so yeah macGruber it's an alright movie
it had added one to scene in particular
that was like the funniest thing I've
ever seen
why would you teach them the container
to be ninja tricks you just I was gonna
watch change minute Turtles but I really
much prefer
whoa cuz don't care about macGruber you
don't care about macGruber and our fans
are nerds like us yeah like us
nonetheless they're nerds well I'm gonna
and remember jack this the european
stream oh shit they are the Teenage
Mutant hero turtles oh is that true the
ninja was considered a bad thing Oh in
ye olde England yeah so they couldn't
call them ninjas even though they're
clearly ninjas ah they're the hero
turtles that's great that's not doing it
good that running point it's just I
bring it up because it was something I
was really considering and it was going
through my head I ended up not watch
macGruber and I think that was a good
choice it wasn't macGruber wasn't great
it's not a great comedy but a couple of
really great laugh-out-loud moments but
here's where it gets important which is
I went from macGruber I turned it into a
double feature and I watched the
interview which is available on Netflix
now defense bigger play yeah looking at
the place you had like three seconds
have you have you seen the in video no
probably not going to I don't care
enough here's the thing
oh here's the thing about the interview
it's really good yeah yeah yeah legit
Andy you know me I'm not a fan of Seth
Rogen I don't like him in general but I
found myself really enjoying the
interview laughing a lob is all the
setups were grade like solid premise
there their bits was really funny I
really ended up enjoying it and it's
it's because I talked about the
interview I know you know you know what
I rewatched Galaxy Quest Oh Galaxy Quest
have not washed it fine movie despite
Tim Ellen
despite Tim s yeah James Franco like
James Franco was a little James Franco
was a little tough to deal with I'm
shocked you didn't fake I know cuz I
knew you knew I knew you thought that I
was gonna fake so I wanted to fake out
your fake James Franco's a little tough
to deal with he's playing like a
character but you know he's very
consistent with his character yeah he
and his character is the is the oddball
and here's what really makes the movie
by the way the interview Seth Rogen is
the straight man he's not like he's not
the goofball he's not the the pothead
yep James Franco's that weird one and
Seth Rogen is the is the straight man
and it really works
I remember Galaxy Quest being okay I
never thought of is it is that like he's
got sequester movie people know about
nowadays I think so no go further with
ball oh I think it's great a lot of good
jokes oh I like that
oh god what's his name the villain die
hard he's in it he plays like a wharf
slash Spock type character
but he wears that he wears that alien
head thing the whole damn movie Snape
yeah yeah I think I played Snape I think
of I think of him as Hans Gruber yeah
he's all songs Gruber Alan Rickman Alan
Rickman three women now Rickman oh god
dammit dammit I'm sorry rich I'm sorry
you got me talking about Alan Rickman
you're you're really yeah you're a jerk
you accepted it on me when I didn't know
what I was doing so the flavour I'm
repaying the flavor
we very much appreciate it thank you for
subscribing we do very much appreciated
but I was gonna say all Galaxy Quest was
watching the other guys like the TV show
version and then video the actual movie
itself yeah but it but it has like them
on the TV show and the sets are just a
little bit cheaper like the models are
just a little bit cheaper looking and
they tried to make Tim Allen look 15
years younger
by giving him the mullet and he just
looks older there's an older in the old
footage make sure to pick your play even
know what I picked but I had to figure
thank you for telling me
that's so funny third and four coming up
following that completion loading up
with extra defensive backs into time I
don't do it oh maybe it's not x2 change
person maybe it's Circle someone is
asking if I can change the sub sign from
what the fuck - what the Frick because
his mommy is getting upset
that's really funny but a silly assuming
that your mother can hear that she can
also hear us and say horrible thing you
know what invest in headphones yes
invest in a quality pair of headphones
by the way that's how you do it
circle change is your guy okay circle
changes your guy and not eggs and also
if you don't turn your volume down right
now your mommy will hear us say fuck
that was me
shit fuck ass that was very mean fuck
the shit ass out of you fuck this shit
right out of your ass Jack's a frickin
arsehole I'm a naughty Nelly this
European stream so we say arsehole
naughty naughty yes RM should have a
branded headphones branded
noise-canceling headphones so you can't
hear the world in the world can't be
embarrassed by what you're watching
damn it got on there I got on there got
on there there pretty good
what what's gone I don't know you got a
big play
oh they're saying you should try a field
goal yeah I think Rachel's gonna fake it
out me I think we're just faking it
no no yeah well I am I'm up by a lot
he's trying to turn my tricks and I'm
far enough back that you still don't
have great field position yeah I'm
finally understanding how to work this
stupid King it's not stupid it's fine
it's fine game ends I'm enjoying this
I'm I might actually play this on my own
ya know do it you know it's simple yeah
I get it I understand what's happening
on what's happening on it just takes you
a while to get into the floor the
football
oh no football this won't be enough to
like convince me to actually just like
to watch football like that no I enjoy
football you enjoy football yep I don't
love it football's a fine thing okay
boom boom first down slow but steady
this is the game that's low hey now
don't get don't get cocky now you caught
a football it's a job you just did your
job congratulations I just I do dislike
that like they catch a pass and I'm like
you know like that's the simple part you
just catch a pass that's your job you
did your job adequately you go above and
beyond that you can start dancing around
like an asshole
that was right there right there Who am
I I'm Tom Brady's nicer if you're a head
watch me now know what's going on I'm
trying to psyche rich out ready shit
ready for what to get sacked 100% my bad
while eh - oh thank you for subscribing
five months in a row we really
appreciate it's true it's true we do
appreciate it
it's really true
subscribe for a sack that's what it is
sack for a subscribe they're 19 boom go
run run run something hey you know if
it's something that's fourth and eleven
twelve
I'll take it I'll tell you I can take it
I'll fucking take it let's go let's go
let's go
third and needy men right take that
no it just looked like a really awkward
hug like everyone was like yeah fuck you
idiot nope
going for it my guess you have to with
this what else am I gonna little get it
that seemed like it was a bad thing I
was a really bad and this is why I went
for it the game is listen I don't know
why you go for it on 4th and whatever I
just did demo weasel thank you for
subscribing yeah very much appreciate it
game is happening the game is on
oh shit oh fuck that was completely
ineffective yeah I mean I don't have no
idea you always go for it on 4th in a
video game absolutely that's I mean I
always go for it no matter what
that's my real weakness as I do I go for
it but that's why you're not winning I
I'm there's a real reason I'm not with
you
I press the wrong button great this game
is an interception yes that's great I
love it
yep three minutes to score twice I'm not
gonna happen that's the situation you're
in three minutes three minutes in some
seconds I don't know I didn't even think
I had three min 3:26 that's great
that's great let's do it let's fucking
do it let's fucking do it oh we do have
three minutes okay great great great we
can do this will you do this guys I'm
enjoying this I really am yeah Oh easy
easy peasy easy peasy
dun dun off we go let's go okay okay
Jack he's the waterboy I don't think
that's an option
Oh
nor the the master of throwing
interceptions after getting one I don't
understand your guy was there you don't
throw the ball into coverage tech right
don't do it
I thought he was open I was going on
fuck Rich's got the power now risky's
got all the power
you got the touch can you get the booze
friend dies who said no is that what
happens yes I that's from the
Transformers movie I think I believe you
one of my least favorite moments as a
child uh-huh was Optimus dying yes III
you know what I stopped watching the
movie after that I no longer cared they
killed off the only character I really
liked and all right fuck these new guys
I don't give a shit about them that's
why I call these things jumping off
points it's like they want to reset them
out of the universe now well I used to
like the Marvel Universe yeah shame it's
going away forever Jack should stick to
running the ball no every time I run the
ball rich tackles me and I lose yardage
the only time I have ever scored or made
any progress is when I've thrown the law
so I think I'm gonna stick to throwing
the ball that's my point and I'm going
to stick to win oh I'm just gonna I'm
going I figure if my guys continue
winning yes everything will will work
out and we'll win the game my plan for
bettering myself is just picking better
receiver two minute
two-minute warning
ouch dude how did you feel about after a
sprite died a little bit younger than oh
you know I didn't I never watch
transformers I don't okay never watch
transformers I haven't even seen the
movie yeah that that killed my love for
the franchise there's like it was like
suddenly hey I love transformers nah
I'll absolutely love them and the movie
came out no longer gave a shit fuck you
right no I don't care and to this day I
hate I hate marker dumping movies I hate
I hate the the heroic sacrifice they
can't stand it and in a large part I
think it's because they killed Optimus
Prime
it's just a pet peeve of mine sure any
any story that it's of a hero dying
fuck that shit you know I like I I like
that I like when the hero dies when you
care like you know when that's when it's
integral to the story I think it's it's
great
coming to the line hoping to avoid being
sacked for eight
I'm attacking the offense shut up
winning that's the thing you're winning
this time game to know we got all the
time the world we could do the Packers
birth there we go that'll actually put
me in a severe disadvantage too he'll be
able to use their own fuckin rogers yeah
I got Jay the interception master Cutler
this is what we need we need to uh
balance we need to defense yeah
you got the touch I've I don't even know
if I've ever heard this song it's just
so familiar boom fucking on it just
grinding you down yet fine do it Jack
Hughes time out no I mean listen I'm not
winning there's 40 seconds left in the
game I'm not winning this right here I'm
not the Green Bay Packers I've got this
in the bag
yeah there's 34 seconds left there's
definitely not no comeback Avenue the
best I can hope for is if I can score
another touchdown I I won't embarrass
myself if I can score a touchdown
then I won't embarrass myself but I mean
I'm embarrassing you got you got 34
seconds for that right so it's and I
have all the yards to go
for the defense
kidding here that was uh that was pretty
ruthless right there as soon as I threw
it by the way the very second I threw it
I saw the three defenders I did not see
those three defenders before I threw it
so that's gonna be my bad
okay got it back got it back
everything's fine we got it back this is
fun despite no it is boom boom got it
back oh and by the way you see those
moves I'm learning some moves that got
me an extra like ten Yahoo spin the
there are stick around no no like you
you press like rights to spin right left
to spend like okay okay alright now
we're on it now we are fucking on it
let's go and got it back 21 seconds for
Jack not to embarrass himself well every
time I've thrown reception you have
returned the favor right there we go
boom boom that's a great play great play
great play great play that's a great
play everybody great play everybody
great play okay okay I've never heard
this song before you got the touch never
heard it here I've never got the power
I've never heard this song what happened
what happened I thought I had like 30
seconds okay hey that's good game good
game rich and I just shook hands you
didn't that's good game good game
everyone good left hand right hand shake
that was

[Part II]
you may see it that's good game good
game everyone goes weird left hand right
hand shake that was yeah all right I'm
feeling a little more comfortable all
right I'm gonna be worry about that all
day
your car's yeah so I'm making funny
noise I thought I'd be gonna get out
fine get out of snow you don't need to
film with it anymore do some interiors
but I could sit the parking lot here for
that good
so what around what's happening is it's
post game ship Jack what's happens you
hit buttons yes
yes I'm sure I want to exit the game
okay okay so Mia's bears versus Jack as
the the Patriots the Patriots I mean
that the Patriots I mean the Packers the
fudge Packers hey now who do you think
is going to win keep in mind I will be
using the god-awful bears and Jack will
be using the the Packers who have one of
the best quarterbacks in football today
we're gonna play it we're gonna play one
more football and then we will play
football after we're done playing this
football oh yeah sure
we'll play football after this football
but you know listen we just learned how
to play the fucking me you should be you
should be at home okay you know we just
learned how to play the game now we need
to play now that we both know how to
play the game mark okay
brookie great ready ready yeah yeah well
bar listen we're streaming for fuckin
like two more hours or six minutes
acceleration o'clock okay like really
been going for like an hour half right
oh yeah exactly remember all the weird
stuff that happened when we started
streaming so hey well welcome I'll move
from hopefully like all of you
European people who are watching this is
you know are enjoying this I don't know
sorry like we're playing and and so we
haven't been paying attention to the
chat too much because we're playing but
if you want we could take it like a
little break and like just read the chat
for a little bit no you want you know I
feel because that right now because I
was like you the whole point of it do I
do a half time we'll do a half time yeah
let's do that because that was kind of
like part of the point of doing this as
so people could actually experience the
liveness of it sure let me let's get
through this cutscene and then we'll
pause it and we'll actually like start
talking to the jack skipping skipping
hey Cutler uh if it was a battle of
handsomeness fuck him
rich he would still lose John he looked
a little more handsome I mean he doesn't
have Olivia money did you know that that
Aaron Rodgers is dating Olivia yeah I
know I don't cut my mureeds I've got a
supermodel or something ridiculous so
great
alright let's posit okay you're gonna
have time but I thought oh and when you
said oh no it's not at all
oh sorry shit stick figure says we're
not saying anything all that great yeah
rich is eating potato chips that's great
now two cards saying I literally have no
idea what happened yeah that's that's
kind of where we are too
then your life is ruined it is I might
walk to the gas station in this weather
you're gonna walk through the snow to
get something to drink you there's like
well there's water and shit here
I won't I want something carbonated I
have I have energy drinks oh god those
are awful I love them what are they say
I say Jack you have a laptop in your lap
first time a tee-time rooster thank you
for subscribing I appreciate it and civ
three news or viñas or thank you for
subscribing seven three men zu s v3m z0r
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
and kahlúa Puffs thank you for
subscribing last two months now it's
great today Jack's neck is a is a hop
frico MKE brewing hop freak I'm only
having one beer as I eventually have to
drive home in this terrible terrible
weather so I figured it would be a good
one and I'd start drinking it as soon as
possible I have some lays sour cream and
onion potato chips nothing to wash it
down with oh how terrible listen Rachel
I'm not gonna stop you if you want to go
walking it I just think it's a silly
idea okay um Jack you should watch some
Farscape yeah yeah we all know how well
that went
you know I'm a fan of Farscape and Jack
is allowed not to like Farscape I'm not
gonna get on Jack's ass for not watching
it he did I'm gonna give him credit no
I'm actually gonna give him credit for
giving it a shot I gave it a shot he
didn't like it that's fine I gave I gave
you know was the European stream I gave
Doctor Who is shot
right I didn't get into it and that's
equally as baffling to me but we're
different people with different tastes I
think I think I made it into like eight
episodes of doctor who performs like
that's C that's crazy to me cuz
obviously for all the European fans
everyone knows that the first episode of
the the Reeb that's not a reason it's
technically not a reboot but the new
Doctor Who
starting with what's-his-face what's his
dad Nicholson Eccleston the the first
episode Rose is terrible I I almost
stopped watching with that when manikins
cried to take over the earth like what
what the fuck is this terrible I think I
think my problem with Doctor Who is
tone-wise I'm not sure what it's
supposed to be isn't is it light-hearted
comedy or is it serious science fiction
it nice to be both yeah and I know is
the I I thought I did a really good job
of riding that line between kind of like
real things are at stake but they're
they're handling it in an adventure kind
of way so it's a little light-hearted I
thought it they they wrote the line but
but bow by the way these are just our
opinions and yes you have different
apiece
I understand many people both in Europe
and the states love Doctor Who and
that's fine thing
yeah it's just it wasn't for me yeah
hello you know what I don't know what
there's one thing I like about dr. what
the theme the theme Doctor Who is an
awesome thing yeah rich don't say you
can sing when you do thoughts it sounds
like Doctor Who's TV showed all for the
boost is fair
goes through time hiiii
he gets citizen people killed because
he's lonely
by the way safety and numbness has a
really good point there there was a
spinoff of Doctor Who called Torchwood
which took a character from the Doctor
Who series and gave him his own little
show that was also kind of like alien
paranormal investigation and they said
it's basically high-budget fan fiction
yeah hundred percent true man Torchwood
I'm a Doctor Who fan or I was until I
got bad and I couldn't watch - when did
dr. Furr get back let's talk about this
for the Europeans for everybody I'm not
I'm starting to sound weird by saying
for the Europeans so much because I was
kind of a gimmick you know straight
would early today but for everybody
because everybody promptly cares a
little bit yeah you got it got bad I you
know and keeping track of the seasons is
really tough but it got bad as soon as
as soon as the the season after the
silence if anyone remembers the silence
it was this beautiful enemy the silence
is an alien who has the power of making
you forget them as soon as you look away
and so you can only you know when you
see them you see them and you're
terrified because they're like this
super creepy like Slenderman alien
laughing and as soon as you look away
you forget all existence of them okay
and so they had these amazing episodes
and so like the people who are fighting
them would would like certain marking on
their hands all this time they would see
them right with little like how do they
know to do that in the first place
because they knew or something it
doesn't matter I forget it's been a
while and so like you would have these
amazing scenes where like these long
slow shots where they're they're like
really scared of finding an alien and
all of a sudden they look at their arm
and there's like 20 hash marks after
that it got really bad as soon as they
revealed that the Statue of Liberty was
actually an alien oh yes yes the Statue
of Liberty was it was something called a
weeping angel and it walked across the
city to kill the doctor
what is this Ghostbusters - right right
that's when it started again really
really bad and then the season after
that is and then they they added a new
character who was terrible and and then
I stopped watching because this is bad
so here's here's a question because I'm
I wasn't getting into the the Eccleston
Eccleston the Eccleston season yeah what
I everyone so is the David Tennant is
when it gets good that's when people
really should I just skip what give
David Tennant doctor who was shot what
you should probably do yeah if you're
gonna do that you need to we need to
stack the deck in your favor okay so if
you if you're gonna give it one more
episode mm-hmm watch blink blink blink
okay blink is that a David Tennant
that's a David Tennant it's David
Tennant and it's a Martha and who's
Martha right all right
doesn't matter that David Tennant still
had rose no no we he doesn't have Rosie
a new companion Martha and it is a
superbly written sci-fi it's perfect
Doctor Who
okay is what it is where it's science
fantasy but enough of the science
fiction to get you into it and yet if
you have to want if you have to watch
one more episode blink watch blink and
then you can gain an appreciation and go
back what is what is the chat say about
this jack gets it right is what they
said okay play game listen we're talking
to you guys I thought you might enjoy it
if we toss you a headline I can we've
been talking to each other about that no
we're not did the chatter we kind of we
kind of punted the ball haha oh that's
true um Tennant is a great actor who's
wasted on Doctor Who blink is an awful
choice for the first episode
you are you are incredibly wrong blink
is a wonderful episode yes theater watch
blink
yes I've seen broadchurch really enjoyed
broadchurch I can't wait for the next
season Jack you have chosen the right
episode absolutely blink is the best
ever blink
yeah blink blink is so good there there
are other better written episodes there
are other episodes that deal with his
character better but blink has one of
the most amazing villains ever okay and
I won't give you too much but it has a
super amazing amazing villain and so
it's a great episode watch it go watch a
blink and we can talk about that did you
do sure I shouldn't just watch Star Trek
Voyager or watch Star Trek boys are easy
I don't remember which one midnight is I
can't tell the launch at 1:00 and you're
right there saying that blink is is a
bit of a non-traditional episode okay
which is what makes it so spectacular
okay but because it's one of the best
like okay watch blink blink was a good
one I also really enjoyed the the first
Matt Smith doctor episode okay we got a
new doctor and a new companion in in one
episode the companion things kind of
creepy is not know they they could they
kind of explain it takes innocent people
and he puts their lives in horrible
danger yeah for why because he's bored
well I think they kind of explain that
not because he's bored because it helps
give him context to the things that he's
doing it helps it gives him his humanity
cuz he's not you know he's an alien the
concept is as bad as Robert Wood that
man in Robin what do you mean taking a
child and putting him in danger because
no Robin you know better having Robin as
the sidekick makes Batman a horrible
person
how many Robins have been named injured
raped murdered and their their kids
basically you know he's the parent he's
their legal guardian it's terrible
yeah it's that man should not have a
Robin I think Batman should ever Robin
oh god no I love know I hate Robin
I like Robin Robin is awful I like Robin
I like the I like the father-son dynamic
I think that's yeah you like Batman
being a terrible person I do is what
you're saying yes well I hear some dodge
these bullets here's why I really like
it it's one of the very few things that
actually gives Batman some character and
so like watching Batman try to balance
you want if you want a character dealing
with humanity and dealing with problems
you've read spider-man if you want to
read incredible badass who always knows
what to do in any given situation yeah
it was not really a realistic human
being you read Batman
I don't read Batman to see me humanized
I read I read Batman to see him like put
somebody who's sneaking up behind him
but he's not even looking at them he
just like does a little backhand punch
thing even though there's no way to know
there's somebody behind them he just
knows because he's Batman and he's that
good he's super smart he knows he knows
what he's doing that's the appeal of
Batman not they have this kid hiding him
that's Batman I like I like that about
Batman you're kicking off and see that's
the thing that's what I like about but I
I want all of my characters to have a
character you know oh Jesus that's good
kick off yeah I felt really I'm really
nope that was wrong move wrong move
sorry guys we got a little distracted
talking
what is your teleporter strategy for FTL
those guys keep dying you gotta get him
back yeah gotta get him back in time you
send your guys Oh make sure you take out
their med bay before you attempt to
board
oh this that's really important and then
when you beam your guys in beam them
into the med bay so they cannot repair
it yes that's a really good strategy
yeah cuz if they have their med bay
they're just gonna fight heal up and
continue and don't and don't like board
with engies or or zoltan's right we find
find yourself a rock man in a mantis I
don't think I made any yards on that no
I think you made some I think you made
about five okay is Jack Rich's Robin
am I your Robin rich no no you're not a
teenager and I'm not gonna get you
killed
yeah TJ no I
I like Batman having a little bit of a
Carrie I mean you're right you're
absolutely right in your assessment that
Batman is just the super badass and
that's his fish Nick yeah but III look
for a little bit more in that and in my
in my heroes God at least it wasn't an
interception
well no Cutler soon oh hold on streams
frozen I see that I see that the stream
is frozen the video is for osnome we
pass we can there you go okay I see that
the video is frozen I know it's because
the the capture device got a little
frozen give it a second
do-do-do-do-do-do
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo and what is
your final answer
what is it on Jeopardy it's not final
answer what is your I don't know
whatever oh we got a close our capture
device for fuck's sake I'm gonna I'm
gonna go whiz rich is going to go be
which is gonna go fee rich is gonna pee
check on the snow oh my god I don't know
if you just heard
we're in say holy fuck balls bana that's
the thing that happened that's the thing
that just happened I want
what's up Bridge
hold on our our capture device is not
closing down which is frustrating to say
the least
and I tried to control all deleting it
and that didn't seem to work give me a
second
give me a second
we're closing it down we're closing it
down how are you guys streaming this oh
uh we are running our ps4 into I have a
hull pouch capture device and then we
are doing a window recording of the hall
punch capture and that's how we are and
we're using open broadcaster we'll use
open broadcaster because it's a fine
streaming service it's free stream and
it's a free streaming service but it's
also you know it works very well it
takes a little getting used to dududu
starting device now can we have a
sing-along stream absolutely Jay welcome
hey Jay we we made it we might be snowed
in I might have to cut rich open and
sleep inside his belly that's the thing
that might happen
I get it I get the reference like you're
it I got a pod time can you unplug that
box and plug it back oh my god wait a
little bit jay says I can't believe you
went out in this crap well I got I
didn't dig myself out of the snow three
times on the way here Jay I may have
destroyed the curb I got I also got
stuck in the parking lot not gonna
shovel out my car now makes a funny
noise and I'm terrified
porcupine treason thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
listen Jay we are committed rich and I
are committed we told people we were
streamed today yep so that's what we are
here fucking doing we are in it even a
motherfucking winning what a fuck I am
now though I am legitimately terrified
sure that I've got major car problems as
you should be by the way as you should
be I don't mean to cuz making a little
bit of goofy noise like when you put
like a baseball card and your in your
your bike spikes your spokes yeah it's
making that kind of a noise and maybe
I'll start her up maybe it'll be fine
mmm I have to pray that it is cuz I mean
really what are you doing but just
gunning the car you know I mean
technically is the same thing as driving
really fast right can you can you kill a
car just by driving it really fast I
mean when's the last time you had the
car serviced
tomorrow tomorrow there we go that's a
good answer
you know something that really helps
something that really helps the car's
longevity is regular service and
maintenance rich okay here we go here we
go guys we're back in it it's 73 degrees
where you are come on man it is there is
so much snow outside right now got it
you got it that's all that matters
they're getting rich they're giving you
crap too for not servicing your car
regularly it is usually Ponton
all right here we go
here we go have you ever changed your
car's oil yes okay okay I'm overdoing
your overdue for analysis
okay that's usually what a little fuck
up a car um easy pace easy please don't
punt don't punt
yeah yeah I took a big gamble yeah feel
like the Bears are gonna stop it I mean
he will because I'm pretty bad at this
game
okay here we go here we go rich you do
need to be cool about car safety here we
go here we go now and go we're not there
we go there we go slow slow and steady
slow and steady 70 okay under 76 mom I
have been just little bit I might even
like 71 sure okay that's not bad
gonna do it did I do anything so 13
inches now there's an inches wolf wolf
wolf I we just got to push it over line
guys push it over it's all you gotta do
oh we gotta do we need a big man we need
a big man to push it over
don't let the car talk get in your head
rip it is that happens I kind of want to
go we'll just see if it starts right now
we could take you a little break in a
bit yeah take a half time break take a
breather okay all right now that's fine
that's fine stops the clock I don't know
if that's important but I don't we made
yards that's all that matters
you made yards
second down richest car richer cars holy
fuck just give up fuck how did you do
that
gosh darn it
she's like a rollover Jack please say
sectoid 'he's the way you say sectoid I
think we were saying it like the guy
from those other commercial points
sectoid sectoid second point all right
you're trying to distract I was not
trying to rich your car is fine thank
you for subscribing we appreciate it and
I you know I think snow I think we're
just gonna be fine
oh damn I think he worries I think rich
isn't worried yeah everything yeah
everything always goes wrong I'm so used
to everything going wrong all the time
that I worry about everything it's sucks
to be me sometimes but we appreciate
that rich your car's gonna be fine
back into the
that was not me at all that was all AI
right there all a I trust me even
looking and looking at his digital face
looks more through a lot
I'm sorry I'm really really sorry rich I
wish I knew more about football here
oh Jesus Christ Jesus Christ
someone's saying fuck the Super Bowl
tonight shit is really gonna go down on
Downton Abbey right right
what is that Downton Abbey what is that
it's a PBS masterpiece theater show
about old-world like royalty and maids
and butlers that's not know what that
sounds interesting
it's a that's fine show it's fine it's
kind of like around I think it takes
place a little after World War one and
so you know it's like kind of the old
regime dying out in the news them young
flappers are coming up you know it's fun
it's a fun I want to say the the last
episode I I can't lose her watching they
had just gotten a radio and it was a big
controversy whether or not Downton Abbey
should have a radio
come on come on
I don't know I don't know who these
people are you tell me to pass it to I'm
sorry say say give it to square triangle
or circle right that's literally all I
know sometimes our one sometimes there's
an all one-offs
yeah yeah okay here we go
Oh nope I press the wrong spin button
Downton Abbey starts just before before
World War one the second season largely
takes place during the war yeah and I
think it's great it's very fun you know
like it follows the the lord of the
manor and of course he has all these
servants and you know like he employs
them so he basically like employs the
towel you know so the abbey the Downton
Abbey is there any way I can play as the
we have legacy teams I bet I mean they
usually do right they usually do
after that run it's still third here we
go here we go here we go boom boom hey
you're welcome for recommending
broadchurch David Tennant is a fine
actor and you get to hear his in broad
search you get to hear his natural
Scottish accent which is very for
someone like me who was a doctor who fan
like he's right pitch was nice it was a
nice show oh oh you fuck
who are you 90 87 one night fuck cans
get your hands
yes Madden is the FIFA of the USA
there's a new Madden game every year and
it's basically a graphics update and a
roster change this is a game that badly
badly needs just like a seat and like a
season pass like bye buddy here get a
roster change right exactly
oh no I don't want to pass to him I
didn't want to pass him Circle was only
that's the only way I'm gonna win Circle
was wide open by getting a bunch of
interceptions circle was wide open this
is challenging right now this is a real
game you're driving a Ferrari I'm
driving a VW Beetle you sure but I'm
driving a Ferrari like without any
thumbs just cuz I I don't yet really
know what I'm doing
and I like I think you have a better
grasp on just football in general
not on the game just in football in
general I'm not making excuses no
excuses I'm just there tell the truth
did you is there a throw away this is a
little bit like fog okay
yes yeah we do definitely want to do a
WWE Royal Rumble stream with wizard I
think that would be really fun oh shit I
didn't I was I was reading your chat
okay that's fine I think that'd be
really fun like we'll spend some time
we'll create custom characters and and
just kind of let the AI Rumble while we
chat about stuff so yes I do that's
gonna happen I don't know how soon it's
gonna happen because just because wizard
Josh is scheduled is the is the toughest
for all of us
get there get there everyone stop
everyone across the line that's all that
matters oh is that true in apparently in
Madden 16 no announcer will say Redskins
that's funny
shit just calm Washington yes I also
don't know the play epic it's gonna be
fun this is a ps4 this is a PlayStation
4 we are playing on now and this is the
newest Madden NFL 15 very exciting stuff
oh shit I could have gotten Madden 25th
anniversary edition but I didn't really
know what that was I was there I almost
cut learned it I was there but like that
one who said it like had like a
different engine or something was
different about that and so the newest
one
yeah they can make
did you catch it
bounce sure oh it what sports games and
sports like this is sports as a gray
checked all of our local like classic
game stores we have a couple and none of
them had a great selection of like
classic sports games but you fucks you
fucks get him man 25 is 14 Oh is 14 okay
I guess I'm gonna gut this one out Jack
yeah I did already talked about watching
many of you interview but I will talk
about it again I really enjoyed it I was
not being sarcastic when I tweeted that
it won me over it absolutely did because
I don't like Seth Rogen generally but I
thought for once like his performance
was spot-on he was more of a straight
character he was the setup man fuckin
tackle so I I really enjoyed it I
thought it was a really funny movie had
some intensely good gags and in a very
satisfying ending ending sequence so
yeah I really recommend the interview
it's on Netflix right now really
recommend it highly highly recommended
wide receivers are bunched up who's
gonna take the stamp from the shotgun
he's gonna be tackled yeah Franco like
the thing about Franco is he's doing a
character and he was very annoying in
the first like 5-10 minutes like he's
talking and he's a little annoying but I
still thought he was like throughout the
movie he's a very consistent character
and and it's played very well come on
yeah Franco is supposed to be annoying
and and it's it wasn't like he was doing
a bit that was his character and it was
very consistent throughout the whole
movie and he was the goofy one I thought
it worked great I've really enjoyed that
birthday and it was such a great
contrast to Rogen kind of being the
everyman the setup character where
Franco is a little more flamboyant a
little more out there that I mentioned
that every time I see Marc Trestman face
in this game I want to throw up yeah he
did mention that but you should I mean
take a minute mention it again every
time I see my parents face in this game
I feel like throwing up that's okay dr.
kovac at if you can't tolerate those
guys you know that's that's your deal
and and like I said I I don't know why I
watched it I don't much care for Seth
Rogen I really like I felt kind of mad
about pineapple express oh I felt really
mad about pineapple express yeah but
this had really good gags really solid
gags if anyone has seen it and
remembered like the real moment that it
it's super won me over was the during
the tiger segment without giving too
much away happy had me literally
laughing out loud
watching it by myself which is a tough
thing for accommodating
yes
don't be peanutbutter jealous that's
right or like it makes me gag no no yeah
that's fine
listen guys you do you you'll if you
like if you dislike it then you dislike
it if you like it then you like it I
like that I thought it was fun
and I specifically used the word like
won me over because I'm usually not a
fan of that and and he did they want me
something that should be noted though is
I did watch that I watched the interview
right after watching macGruber and so I
was kind of like I was prime you know
like I had seen an opening act basically
and I was already in a comedy space so
it's a lot of watching watch it when you
can yeah and so I don't know if that had
anything to do with it like I'd already
watched a comedy and I mostly enjoyed
macGruber and so that could have been
part of it oh I don't know if I'm doing
I'm clicking circle as soon as you throw
it and then I'm just pressing X madly so
I don't know if that's actually doing
anything to stop you from getting it
they hate us because they ain't us
that's right that's right no Franco like
you know he Franco plays kind of a mark
McGrath you know who like used to have a
music career and is now just like an
entertainment reporter so Franco's an
entertainment reporter he's really like
eccentric and fashionable and
metrosexual you know and he it's it's
super consistent throughout the entire
movie and it's great I really I should
have watched Corky Romano no no I don't
think I should have I'm sorry I really
think I really think it's full of great
gang's both oh I'm sorry what oh I'm
sorry what I'm sorry what well this is
certainly a Bears game whoa fuckin whoo
guys fucking press X to Lambeau leap
motherfucker
boom bihter gun bytes gun that's what it
is bite gun thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciated
fuck the Barris
these days easy pace tenten tenten
tenten tenten tenten tenten tenten
tenten tenten ah don't wanna work i
wanna bang on the drum
I guess what you bury my girl all day
hey hey hey fake
you took my car God must you take this
to Emory good luck on your interview
tomorrow is it a job interview or
something else Phil Emory Emory 801 that
might have been a joke do do do
oh oh oh and they say oh rich believes
in GAD now rich believes in the Old
Testament God the one who pisses on
everything okay that's what's in the
book that's what's in your book you
can't you can't just disregard these
things cuz they're inconvenient right
Jay Cutler sucks I think I might have
done that I clicked on another person I
don't know if I did anything but Jack
shut up shut up knowingiy does nobody
gives a fuck when you went outside
Covina probably that no one cares no one
cares one second
take your time they're saying they're
saying stop running out of the pocket so
much rich you're you're backing up and
you know like yeah yeah and apparently
apparently your quarterback has such a
weak arm if you back up even a couple of
yards yeah okay my interception doesn't
mean anything no okay did you see that
press our stick to throw away oh I
didn't there is a very like press down
and our stick to throw oh really yeah
wait I kickoff
he'll take it from the one
where's your option to jump over people
oh that would be great I'm sure it's one
of the button did you try triangle do we
know a triangle does the sudden like a
Cutler has a purple space bazooka I
don't think so
yeah space kimonos you know it's bad
when they're taking football advice from
me this is it we know nothing about
nothing
triangle equals hurdle that's what
they're saying okay I was okay there's
buttons rich they're just buttons all
wrong yeah yeah yeah oh wait I might
have pressed the wrong question yeah all
right okay okay okay okay
they could be lying you're right they
absolutely could be lying what if
triangles like drop the ball yeah
it could be you're absolutely right they
usually yes so I like to think I'm
starting to get this game maybe I mean
it's it's kind of simple
um someone was asking like as a comedian
do you feel comedy can to be very
decisive like how a drama can be
accessible for many people but comedies
more of an acquired and there are many
types it's true there are many styles
really it's less about style more about
kind of like flow you know you had for
certain comedians you have to get into a
flow and that was that was actually a
really hard thing for me with the from
the Gruber
macGruber had a very uneven flow about
it the the individual bits were very
good but like if you were to compare
like macGruber to say like make a gun or
an airplane movie or like an old-school
comedy very fast and straight forward
comedic flow to it whereas I think a lot
of modern comedies just want the gag and
they don't care about like the
in-between gags or setup or pacing so I
I wouldn't say it's decisive but it's
one of those things where if you know
you it's like music you have to find the
artist that you like and stick with that
the other weird thing about macGruber is
it looked so good this might be a weird
criticism but that movie just looked
great like it looked like it was shot
beautifully and that really contrasted
with the gags cuz I always wanted it to
look like a cheesy old sitcom like a
look at MacGyver sitcom but all the
shots were beautiful and the lighting
was really dynamic and that was actually
really distracting to some of the comedy
just because it looked so professional
you know but I wanted it to look a
little cheaper and I'm skinned right
right well and also like it's basically
making fun of MacGyver you know
oh my god I didn't tackle you there spin
motherfucker
Casius firm Thank You of her subscribing
was live and thus should pretty she ate
it
thank you Kevin couldn't see here's a
firm shit might have been offsides there
of the salary trick right look so cheap
and crappy absolutely J and that was a
big problem with my name with macGruber
I think you're absolutely right game and
so like if they would have taken some
time to shoot it a little flatter
checked it out once more right I went to
the next I don't think we've seen
whiplash have you seen no I have not
seen whiplash I'm sorry how do I reply
directly to user hit at at the user's
name and you'll reply directly to them I
really think I am doing something when I
switched to a person I kind of like
moods
yeah like in and I'm sitting on my foot
no see it's okay everybody
the foot fell asleep okay okay okay okay
okay okay okay go Packers go
what does that mean
what happens if i intercepted in and I
means I get all the points no that does
not may be real points what does that
actually mean what does that actually
mean where do I start now we'll find out
this is so weird
I just start like in the Enzo okay I
started on that okay no no no this is
stopped right there that's fine that's
fine jack is winning the pole what pole
you know he's he's using the Green Bay
Packers I'm using the Bears remember
rich has an incredible handicap because
they use real-world stats to like affect
the math for their characters in the
game
boom oh nice so remember like we did
this because rich won the last game yeah
this is my chance to like the basically
rich wanted me to win this one and so
then we'll do it we'll have to do a
tiebreaker with Madden 98 we should go
to FIFA next oh we should probably feel
FIFA next yeah you're right okay
having rich to them arrested
what you guys could put a sub counter up
on the screen I don't know what that is
or how to do that like how many
subscribers we have I don't know if you
can do that maybe you can watch me not
know anything what yeah
but the quarterback has not been real
sharp lacy lines up in the backfield I
chose a running play I chose a running
play I chose a motherfucking running
play we put you through the ball why did
you do that I chilled a running play hey
are you sure I am 100% sure are you sure
yeah cuz like the running plays are read
in the passing plays of blows did you
get a run button I've I mean that's
possible yes wow that's almost certainly
possible
I mean it's do you think it's more
likely that you got a run button or the
game decided to pick a different play
for you oh I know I hate again but 100%
I hit a wrong button all I'm saying is
like that you know that's why this is
why I was confused and I was scared
god dammit well at least you're this
fucking far back
you couldn't catch that covered covered
damn it oh shit I got a pic play
the check throwing up yeah which
throwing up many times
okay oh no and I haven't seen black mare
yet I know black mirror was suggested to
me but I have not seen it yet I'm
looking forward to watching I in fact I
forgot about it it's the real thing
I like that animation
should've had it that's crazy rich that
is crazy
that's burst football that's better
oh I did see the samurai cop too trailer
originally you see the seminar
I didn't see the samurai copter trailer
it looks appropriately ridiculous it
looks like they might just try to make
an actual movie with a kind of a cheap
budget there's one line read from the
guy from the room yeah Tommy Wiseau
there's one line read from Tommy Wiseau
and he flubs his line but they keep it
in the trailer yeah so I've heard of us
a car not a real release it was a
mistake oh like it was leaked yes I
heard yeah I don't know it looked like
an official it was I mean it looks it
looks like they might be trying to make
an actual movie it looks like they are a
little self-aware but you know we'll see
I trailer is a trailer
which would we ever consider running a
contest to let a fan Skype in during not
doing things that go horribly wrong yes
what turn down for what
easy mother fucking easy boom got it
nailed it done
don don i mean so it rich answered that
question about letting a fans there's
way too many variables yeah way too many
variables as far as that is concerned
you know like i would be concerned about
like just even if it was someone I
barely knew just coming in you know like
that's what it would be basically
someone I barely know coming in and
being on the show right yeah that's a
like yeah if it's someone we don't know
I'm not on no we're not doing
also if we remember what happened last
time we had tried to have Collin Skype
in during a sprint yes
skyping it skyping it in general like
that's a one-on-one a situation and
never during a group stream will we try
to Skype again this is a real thing
bababooey bababooey
fuck right I don't even know if Baba
Booey me I say suck Howard Stern's
asshole rising up exactly exactly
that's a funny comment why are there no
women in this game it's so sexy that's
funny Oh rich wasn't as impressed by
like Jesus Christ did you catch that you
fuck all the time in the world all the
time in the world
okay okay
shit shit shit shit nope
oh shit you guys it just got real
it just got real what do we do what do
we do is just got real yes we do not
speak of the Skype incident it was if
anyone either like wasn't here for that
or didn't watch the replay of the Skype
incident it was the largest clusterfuck
Oh with Colin with Kabul yeah we were
not prepared we we couldn't hear him
everything was terrible so no we will
not we will not be group skyping anyone
for anything yeah
taking it absolutely here's how you do
you you just don't know if you just
don't worry when he takes any
automatically I don't want to run it
they've just taken me
all right
you missed the Skype incident that's
good that's good I want to say that was
during the called that that heroes 3d
document that was during the 3d Dot Game
Heroes incredible debacle
Lawson Technicolor you were wrong I
should not have run the ball because
that was great what just happened
we'll have to check that out I need to
know don't check it out on YouTube it
was a clusterfuck 100%
three deep calm yeah that's fine jack
confirmed for hating Colin I've never
met Colin you know what I am
I'm jealous because Colin got to use the
body wrap these are called mastic I'm
jealous I wanted to use the body
get that first you get that first you
there's a one there's a flag on the play
no okay fairly not burning out
everything's fine no sleep will prevail
don't don't wish death on anyone who's
he wishing death on he said George Lucas
should die know what that is that's not
nice I think I hit you in the head
okay okay here we go
and now they'll try over again on second
we kind of did an episode on
kickstarter-funded game well you know we
did it we did an episode on early access
games and
you know I think rich made one of the
best points ever during that during that
discussion because you know in general I
was not for early access games and I'm
usually Kickstarter is obviously a
tricky subject but rich made a really
good point which is whether no matter
how a game is funded it could be good or
it could be great it doesn't matter if
the funding comes from the fans comes
from early access comes from you know
wherever right it could be a stinker of
a game and so a Kickstarter game could
be a stinker a hundred percent chance
yes you're you're you're taking a gamble
well boom boom that's a great one
that was a great run so I think I think
rich actually changed my mind a little
bit on early access that comic because I
thought it was really insightful comment
is we you know there have been the good
ones are what stick out right yeah
you're FTL's
yeah which was a kick-started game the
good ones really stick out and so we
have kind of higher expectations when we
are putting money upfront
Oh press X - I believe that's by the way
that's the song that plays whenever a
packer I don't care which is why I am
saying it I don't care shut up something
died and I die yes Thank You drugs we
are going to play fifa after this
hundred percent gonna play fifa after
this
yeah the actual song sounds completely
different oh that's because jack is not
a talented singer come on
yeah my guys both to to to to to to
takes it from the two right you were
wrong but this so I was not touching
anything you started my faith did it yes
maybe you were you oh I could you have
to be in the endzone take a knee that's
how you okay
I don't know these things I don't even I
know that one yeah well yeah and like so
we'll play fifa and then depending on
how light we want to stay we will play
Super Nintendo Madden 98 or you have to
hit back on the stick to go into the
endzone or anything no I took a knee by
not pressing anything I literally just
took all fingers off of all buttons and
my guy took a knee automatically
boobs are butt but I think I've made
that very clear with my love of Kim
Kardashian and Nicki Minaj this is
previously recorded live it's not
previously recorded it's live
so it's previously recorded live yes
which is the whole reason we named the
show previously recorded is so we could
eventually do a live episode and
previously we did we didn't like this
the the twitch streaming came later
after the inception of previously
recorded but we know we wanted to name
it something a little nebulous exactly
so for games it's fine yeah the more
games we want the name doesn't say we
would PlayStation 3 games right right
and and so then I want to say it was
rich who came up with the idea for
previously recorded live or previously
recorded yeah and then and then we would
joke that we could do a live event
previously recorded live and then of
course the ultra fun is when you watch
the YouTube stream it is a previously
recorded version of previously recorded
live previously recorded live previously
recorded right that's what it is that's
exactly what it is wait I have the ball
now
yeah you missed the fourth day I got 26
seconds and I'm down by 14 points well I
just wasn't paying attention
I just wasn't paying attention you could
take a knee in the game so I'm not
taking any good
why did you do a timeout I didn't I
didn't do it I'm right here
it automatically did a timeout because
it thought that was the correct thing to
do you sure yeah I didn't press anybody
I'm not running out of the clock you
know I'm gonna do him with oh well that
was smart
it was totally dumb what do you mean
take the meat in this thrown out of
bounds
I hate that we got good place again and
everything now I hate taking me Jesus
fuck taking a knee is an insult to the
game you know what I'm I'm just setting
the controller down I'm gonna go scratch
my ass
do it you move anyway when you're not yo
yeah your character moves anyway their
character like I like it yeah yes
absolutely that's here is now it'll time
out yeah we're gonna wait mister I won't
take a knee you got a sack by not doing
anything
Richie's leaving
good it's good we did it we did it rich
your life's riches gone now rich is not
here anymore he didn't wanna he did not
want to watch his bears lose yes this
game 100% plays itself now we're gonna
kick I'm gonna pick riches play for him
let's see what happens if rich just
doesn't touch the controller
look at that rich is not doing anything
right now
rich didn't do anything this is amazing
thank you for subscribing yes Kentucky
route zero that looks fun that looks fun
and interesting looks like a good good
style I am interested did I threw it
away I didn't press any buttons but
what a memorable game everybody that's great

[Part III]
yeah mr. coach I have played the Metal
Slug games what the fuck indeed
safety in numbers thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it no the stream
has not hit over 1,000 viewers we I
worried about 8:30 right now 829 and
it's been lovely enough around there a
little bit larger than a normal stream I
want to say normally we get like six
seven hundred so thank you to all the
new people who have come to the stream
today we very much appreciate it
football yes so now we are gonna play
some FIFA and maybe rich would be better
well no I mean come on that was that was
I'm not gonna say that
Metal Slug Metal Slug yeah those are fun
games those are fun life games I never
really got into they were there were a
little too light for me but
I have not filled the donation box all
the way in rebirth as my save
constellated I'm just replaying now I've
finally got made some progress in both
my Steam version and my Vita version and
rebirth rich left rich left the room but
he's back now actually here's here's an
interesting thing yeah so I kicked off
yeah your guy caught it made a great run
yeah like but he was highlighted you
weren't you could not you didn't have to
touch it at all huh I wonder how I feel
about that badly
you should feel badly I felt badly about
that I wonder if we could literally just
both of us put the controllers down and
you have it Auto pick plays and just
watch a game being played we've been
playing this wall which is which
owner I'd not never know yes that's so
weird I think there are people who
actually play man sure sure and just let
the computer yappy hey I do yeah that's
fucked up there's accurate worth manat
yes this game was better than alien
isolation yes I enjoyed it it was fun
once I started understanding what it was
I was supposed to be doing and then like
figure out the strategy like oh I'll
trick rich in like I'll do a run here
right here then a pass no I I actually
really learned the basic football I've
learned basic football that's exactly
what I'm done I really enjoyed that
I think you know what I think we're
gonna play it again not tonight but just
in general oh that's fun okay here's
what we're gonna do we are gonna take a
little break um rich is gonna finish up
his chippies we're gonna run a
commercial and then we are gonna play
some FIFA 14 so we will be back
momentarily enjoy the pause menu of
madden 15
and we're back
what about those subscribers that was
insane
yeah we're back that was insane guys all
of you subscribers we love it thank you
thank you all so much we have to plug in
my controller soon I'm out of one bar
one bar of love ooh you know I would not
go see a band called one bar of love
okay you're not obligated to no not
obligated to but the question is you
know like what stuff like that the
question is would you go see a band with
a name based solely on the name right
and there are something so I would 100%
go see based solely on their name one
bar of love is not one of those bands
just the right chord mean the right
chord yeah thank you
yes excellent
fifa14
Jim's father thank you for subscribing I
don't know who you are
Jim's father is Jim's father of course
yeah if there was a band called 12 years
to film I would look into them like if I
saw that a band called 12 years to film
was coming to them I'd be interested in
that 100% I wouldn't expect a regularly
scheduled for their albums no it might
be updating so it might just be one of
those things where again we just chat
wall it up the hits
oh that was the Nvidia control panel
sorry for having that on screen guys in
sports so now this is football this is
our football stream I've updated this
dream we are not playing the FIFA 14 as
you can clearly see there's some guy
looking at us I'm sure he's famous from
Qatar he's from Qatar those famous
guitar and I'm sure he's a very famous
footballer what do you what do you call
a soccer player afoot Oh Jim's father
it's a Miami connection reference Thank
You Michelle we're down I don't remember
that guy's name
come on now retching squeaking we came
to football game a chance we can do this
well it can't be any more boring to play
that is to watch snap I when I went to
go now you got oh my god and match and
match I went to I went to Africa to film
a video for the World Cup a couple of
years ago and I got to watch a World Cup
game in Africa with a million billion
screaming fans right and that still did
not excite me I knew nothing that was
happening people were aware people were
hooting and hollering like mad people
say one check now okay FC Barcelona okay
I got to be Paris I came to Barcelona
Real Madrid Manchester City Spurs board
Dortmund muon oh now we're back to all
the other ones um I like this logo the
best so I'm gonna choose Boer you're
gonna be the the Borman street signs oh
wait hold on
yeah I'm a bomb about I'm trying to
there's numbers and I want to make my
numbers about equal to your number
what's that - five five stars right but
no your other numbers so like this one
oh oh sure Real Madrid is about equal
all right ready
so in any case like no soccer is a sport
that I really just have no no fucking
clue what's going on oh I'm gonna be oh
look at that what the fuck indeed Phil
Davis thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it for these past three
months all right I'm gonna more so Jack
is orange jack is real Madrid Barcelona
Barcelona okay okay okay press circle to
take a shot at the goal the longer you
hold the circle the harder your shot
will be in the higher shot will go use
the left stick to aim left and right
okay
oh this is me hey look I did it
what am I supposed to hit the target oh
I got one I got one
my first option button to play oh oh oh
you're supposed to do it from inside
here oh I get it we started oh great
what was that like a Victoria I I guess
okay
sorry everybody we don't quite know
what's happening we're working on it
okay here we go here we go here we go
here we go here we go
Circle kicks
finally boom circle cakes the square
circle cakes the square X passes
and nothing's happening nothing's still
happening boom
nope nope nope
I had it for a second
oh my god taking it in the end zone
I think there's a button the flap is
there button to flop them away just like
the game right okay I guess you get it
now
and punt you is there is there button to
follow Oh Oh nope get out of here
who's gonna be the highest-scoring game
of soccer ever rich did it apparently
that's great that's great
touchdown people love it rich look at
that go crazy I did update the stream
name you refresh your browser Super
Sunday football stream FIFA 14 I have
updated the stream name terrible defense
I guess I agree I don't know I don't
know
Lele Lele okay they changed dudes okay
that's how a square to change dudes how
the fuck do you people play this game I
have no idea what's happening
I'm managing oh I have the ball
no this is just disgusting to watch yeah
I'm gonna punch you I'm gonna punch it
that's extra punch oh that's out on you
that's out on you that's out on you okay
great
so what I'm saying my prediction is that
rich is going to operate this game your
prediction is kind of wrong
that is fast OOP oh good that's you
again that's great that's great news
okay we need to watch it chase the ball
down I mean I think that's part of the
fun I think that's part of the
experience
Oh
control here one congested midfield but
a little over long how's it a little too
long in a circle button right
oh I press the sphere Oh squares kicks
into the net oh you're the one who
scored a point I don't know how I did
that
maybe it's both I don't know should we
pause it and look at my button does whoa
oh yeah
oh I took it okay
it's over again okay I'm gonna flubbing
I'm flipping my kicks first quick second
why why why why I want to see why I want
to see what button does what why here
great Wyatt huh
why short pass header lob pass cross
header
what's a through ball um what's a
through ball circo's shoot volley header
trigger player on chip shot
chip shot a finesse shot Jesus a drew
what's a through ball I'm just gonna hit
bottom this one in there the net okay
straight things will happen I think it's
great this chippy it's got the REC
doubles through ball is a straight pass
what look at him he's all Jimmy Johnny
he's Jimmy Johnny you say funny things
boom and there's a Jolly Roger on that
rimjob rimjob oh that's perfect that's
great for me
through vol through the defense is what
they're saying
Oh didn't work
yes this is getting Schiphol a giblet oh
we've had some meds get lead inlets too
many go was on that log drop
okay I guess you get it now and now this
guy gets it passes it to that guy fuck
you gonna flop all over your ass but and
I get that oh fuck you I got a yellow
card fuck yeah fuck you sir what'd you
do you pressed a button
no I didn't huh no I didn't you can
operate the ps4 with your voice you
press the button I didn't press the
button I didn't press the button I
didn't press the button I did not press
the button
did the game crash no I still here what
the fuck this happened
I told me I didn't hit a button is it I
didn't hit a button is it because I told
the game to fuck off fuck you
get out of my giblets oh oh you have it
I thought I had it still she puts
giblets giblets but who did what that
was probably me what what what what you
did something rich
eating something bad and I got the ball
I think it was some kind of suckers off
side things doctor has offside I don't
they they have rules to keep the game
from getting too exciting I got it I got
mine now my ball now passes it to the
passer back to the jibber he's pasa the
pass has got us into many jobs it's
gonna go on the cross bummer
oh no get there you fuck you fuck with
mothers outs as regulation of apparently
offsides is a thing how do we know who's
offside when this is the this is my big
question I can make my guy fall down
does that help
I've learned how to make my guys Oh what
what happened what's going on I know
what happened but I have a timeout time
what does every defender then just stand
at like the halfway point that would
seem to make sense yeah yeah how come
that doesn't happen seems like a really
weird rule okay
oh right my boy
Oh every switch sides now yeah okay that
sounds okay no I got a Phil I got a
still no shit
the commentators are making fun of me
now
but here's my strategy rich it's wildly
shoot at the goldens just like real
soccer yeah this is my only strategy
boom my mouth
oh okay right to you that's fine no
that's fine what's he doing I don't know
they stole the ball for me again if that
helps
I need a better strategy right yes you
do
this mood to get away from the defender
it's not really going to get the better
of him from that range especially when
you can see it all the way
how the fuck do I not kick it over the
net this is my one quite hey I don't
know I always always kidding hitting bar
going far to the left over the net I
felt like that was a really good run a
lot of pass yeah a lot of the vial of
excitement until I had to fucking kick
it
oh by now yours now kickball I now know
who did I just fucking pass a tee well
apparently
leymah okay okay boom
boom boom bye now
but
doing a fucking rule just keep kicking
it to go what about going
don't press Oh too hard Jack this is my
parent Lee I'm giving it too much okay
here we go
but
all I'm doing is back in my guy's way
now because I don't know like what
offsides
I'm just kicking you that's fine that's
fine I think that was probably my phone
I'm taking you out
oh okay I'm just reading the chat
apparently you can if you have the ball
you can go behind the defense's but if
you can't just leave a guy back there
okay right to you that's fine that's
fine
all right if anything he stepped on me
so that's his fault because I yeah he
stepped on me this is look at that guy
covering his balls I love it
what's going on there I don't know okay
I think eyeball is doing things right
that are beyond my control I'm really
sorry about that guys I just itched my
chin on the microphone my chin is
ooh pepper you with the pepper give it
the pepper
mr. pepper give me at the pepper nope
too much pepper too much pepper
if you really need to stop pressing that
button i always go too fast you know
because they have played extremely well
he's away from his marker now
okay
did you see yo I did why because I
didn't get the G out and I was already
too busy talking that's Tim I was
writing it by the way I didn't I just
gently tap that the circle button
gently captain that's great that's great
sure great great yo Joe yes that was
great that felt great everything's great
home run stop pressing that button it's
so tempting for me to press that kick
everything button
looking good this much rich this movies
looking good oh thank you opening
gave 4j thank you for subscribing this
is your third month now
we very much appreciate it though my oh
no get it up there get it up there get
it up there I'm going over here I'm
going over here and then I'm gonna pass
it over here
what oh I hit the pass button by
accident that's alright it's back on our
turf get out get out here okay okay good
good good good
it's gonna say how do they do the
tiebreaker then
no they have no type right now I should
have got a little closer my price should
have got a little bit closer before
trying to make the goal now this now
this is soccer you got a one one time
it's the most exciting thing in the
world what is it over now there's three
right no therefore no that's all that
was it
those it I guess we have options penalty
kicks golden goal I guess I think that's
sudden death
okay well then matches drama what's
classic I think why they don't keep
going
that's what is classic
I'm so bored sorry this is the European
stream we have to be nice to our
neighbors on the other side of the globe
who they're saying penalties due
penalties okay I will do penalties sure
you were doing this how do you do this
do you want to hit the ball when it's in
the green oh I didn't know I didn't do
this one whether it was in the green but
it's an NBA ball situation is near for
12 yards everybody thinks he should
score there's a lot of pressure on him
what the fuck penalty
apparently we don't we don't need to
worry about this which one of us cannot
fuck out at least mine is going near
what is that wrote orrible thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it
oh so I'm saying watching us play FIFA
it's like watching a five-year-old play
FTL with a spatula yeah that's probably
about right I'm gonna be that guy thank
you for subscribing for the past three
months now we very much appreciated we
are gonna get one of us is gonna
accidentally do this it's not gonna be
raised he's gonna overshoot rich has a
green bar on his and I don't have a
green bar on my for some reason how
okay okay okay
nope
Oh Oh
I don't think you're supposed to go for
green I think you're supposed to go for
red the red is power all right I think
No
this is I mean go ahead and call this a
I'd we that here's the hot hard part I
don't know how to aim I don't either
it seems like if I press the stick if I
just hold the stick down it goes off to
nowhere land right oh okay this happen
again how'd you do it what you got what
you got come on
Osia
okay okay so now we're still tied
damn it damn it damn it damn it huh
dinner down here in different eras in
Callahan be a bastard
right in it right I just want to pick up
the ball and throw it that's I would
prefer that god damn this is gonna take
forever rich we need to figure this out
this silly game
this isn't fury doing anything to
control it you need to hold it down a
little bit I think for power and you
control with a stick yeah yeah I don't
think I can trust you with advice but
like when do you hold the stake do you
hold it I know I'm just the whole time
is what I'm doing
I did it
yeah I did it I think I want I think I
won the game I hope you enjoyed it guys
another yeah do another one I'll leave
you with the full match highlights we'll
do another one because now we understand
a little bit more Oh checking connect
god ok ok ok
oh thank Christ they say right welcome
to FIFA we've pre-selected some options
for you to get into FIFA 14 a little
quicker we've already played sure what
I'll pick your favorite I don't care
hold the stick a little oh maybe you're
not supposed to like prison although
yeah like you spent ok I am I wasn't our
first time what
yes everything's fine
the United States no no what okay play
kick-off did you go to the other team
did you go to the other team what are we
doing what am i Don these are these are
now we have American teams now hey I'm
Canadian
apparently there's also MLS wait oh you
have other ones you go to the table
let's go left to right and you can do
different countries there we go okay
okay I know who I want to be the only
the only team I know there's one team I
know it's sure and I'm gonna go to it
I'm gonna oh they don't have that team
that's fine
Oh rest of the world here we go rest of
the world what are they called
the Kaiser Chiefs I know them and I know
I've heard of Arsenal that's all I know
okay you've heard of also know Arsenal
and and Manchester United
okay oh god I'm not nothing
okay well if you're gonna go at who do
you want to be I don't care we could do
look at this do it we could be the same
we give you the same team I probably
right sure um this seems evenly matched
Arsenal vs Manchester United okay okay
I'm ready sir great
great these are their uniforms I hate
the way they do that giant ad right on
the front of the Jersey yeah you're
gonna be red-eyed sure okay I guess I'm
ready I'll be yellow then what is it I
don't know that's a pick Europe right
it's time to settle who the best country
in the world is Mexico or Portugal is
that it's then that the matter an ad for
soccer in the US it's time to settle the
question of who is the best country in
the world Mexico or Portugal this is an
England versus England team these are
two england teams get out here how do we
get out of here
hey Justin's favorite hit button
something happens it's red vs. yellow
jack is yellow rich is red Jack has the
ball and we go oh shit shit fucking it
up already fucking it up already okay my
guy fell down my guy fell down
I am the ball I thought you could run
past them apparently not oh no the other
guy what
that's not what I wanted to do that's
what you did why did you do that that's
a that's the good question right why did
I do that
the answer is I don't know
yes 100% me guys right
I saw someone sad say it went offsides
guys remember offsides no the answer is
no we don't I wasn't
passing the ball I was dribbling it is
that that's a dribble in soccer yeah
what what happened soccer the offsides
again I'm sure god damn it look about it
like I have
inch inch mine now that was a pretty
powerful shot and I felt good about it
Danny Welbeck box-to-box this player
what stamina it's a wonderful life
yeah Oh what stamina
okay we're going back here now
apparently
I take you back to a game we were
covering at wicked we got an archives to
drive home and we both switch on our
radio and heard the speculation which
don't have to be found that Alex
Ferguson was going to stand down what
are they just idly chit-chatting during
our game yes what does what what guys
they going to do what the fuck we're
playing a game here I suppose they have
to fill on a month amount of boring yes
what's going on there's gotta be
horribly annoying once you've gone
through all of the chit chat right what
what's what happened I don't know I was
able to put the ball on the ground and
kick it for some reason it's great get
out of my way get out of my my lowly I
know my now
feel like I'm not really doing much
beyond like just moving left character
near yours you know yeah and then that's
it that's all I'm doing is moving my
character near your character so you
looking forward to the Super Bowl
tonight can we just talk about something
good like the Super Bowl
something something should be going on
while we're doing this oh that wasn't a
decisive save he stopped the ball from
going in the thing oh shit
I'm not touching anybody
okay okay
great
nope okay you have the ball rich has the
ball I'm trying to think of anything
else interesting we can talk about this
is a little mind-numbing
and I'm sure all of our European fans
are very happy with our treatment of
their national fuck'em they chose the
sport right right right
Oh
no he didn't he didn't sweet sweet it in
this white spot sweet in this wet spot
sweet it in the hit spot has it to me
pass it to me
might happen might happen
my thumb's getting sore yeah yeah Oh is
there any way to keep it from switching
what guy you're controlling you don't
want to I don't know maybe one of the
our book
who did you pass it to oh you best him
okay great great
Oh
you know I think you kicked in it
anything so that means somebody shoots
him right I'll be honest I that means he
gets murdered now that means he gets
murdered after the game yes that was an
embarrassment to your country
they're both in the same country
I'm saying oh yeah yes we're both an
embarrassment to both of our countries
let's be nice we play soccer
you got it no no we got it we got it we
got it we got it to this guy
passes it to that guy yes is it to that
guy passes it to the other team that's
fine
wait I wanted to be the other guy let's
see this makes no sense yeah I want to
be a guy in the front yeah I don't can I
be another guy
great kick great save great save from
there okay oh shit is there a button to
flop in this game I'm sorry what did you
say
kiss me esses me now cuss me out mate oh
shit
oh wait I did it lol one I changed my
guys I changed my dude Oh guys yes thank
you
lime Aziz what happened I don't care
that's the summation of football rich in
eyes opinion
oh we're playing you
tossed him didn't hesitate today with
that challenge
yeah well God
oh that was a very successful slide
tackle wrench
oh that might've been fine they're fine
if it's like on their card
what that's huge
yeah you fucked up this time great I'm
okay with this
okay so the big thing that I'm figuring
out is there is like a very legitimate
power meter even when passing you know
yeah really yeah in one passage even
when passing it's so like it's it's not
when you press the button between a girl
or a boy
okay that's so like if you if you're
making a larger a longer pass like a
little bit a little bit longer we're
picking up on the intricacies of a games
we're never gonna play okay
look I think I attempted to go and fail
this is support
oh we're playing
Oh
yeah apparently you can run faster with
a heart to art that's what this thing
what what what are you doing schmuck
okay
he looks as confused as we do because
remember we can't have this be exciting
Oh
Oh
Oh
see this again this thing
I mean hey that was a good play I did
that all on purpose that was a good play
and I felt good about it listen you know
I'm listen I don't like any sport don't
I'm not I'm not I don't mean to shit
extra hard on fruitball Sakura I don't
care for any professional sport I've
never found like a sports game to be
exciting
this is particularly like I just don't
get it and you know being an American
we're not around the soccer that one you
know like it's just not something that
we're accustomed to I hate it when
switches characters and I end up running
the wrong way yeah this is which
character that was going to and so
you know I do I look JIT omit Li
apologize if you think I'm being cross
with football but uh I just don't
understand what's going on you guys have
a lifetime of like watching this game
and understanding it's like football
I've seen a like an American football
game you know so I have some sort of
context with what I'm supposed to be
doing when playing Madden game whereas
with this I just have no fucking idea
wh0 attack you get it back
too much too much house too much sales
Oh mister sub sorry
sorry I'll let Mitch do what he does
when I scroll back on I'm gonna miss his
son
did you did you well I was looking for a
stuff you know
you look too much bit too much I didn't
I didn't see who sound so someone
someone tell me someone tell me who I
miss
I'm gonna kick rich get rich
Gingrich oh I know what the pitch is
that's what they call the field isn't
that fun they call it a pitch
oh it was gobbledygook gobbledygook Yury
subscribe thanks we super appreciate it
you down with this whole pitch business
you know what's going on here cuz we
don't fuck off me gobbledygook
oh that looks great I would kick up I
don't that's the this is the problem I
don't I don't know how to kick up or
down left or right I was come before it
that's my mind that's fine my fault
eighty ten minutes played is it sounded
like he said eighty ten minutes plays
oh hey I heard that I'm gonna kick it
mine
Oh Vizier I had them sent majority of
this game the defender has done very
well here
what he's put it
Oh
who
let's have a fake it interview our are
three fake an injury flop it oh this is
me
fuck you no card for that no card for
that I just gonna start murdering people
murder you know I could not find a copy
of Mario Strikers I was looking again
and no one no one could guarantee
shipping fast enough so no one locally
had Mario Strikers either and no one
could guarantee shipment fast enough to
get a copy but yes Mario Strikers simple
you know why cause it's a little simple
we that's rich and I need a simpler name
you're doing fine I think I get it
and think I'm understanding
nope
I think because most of it is literally
just about getting your guy next to the
other guy and I don't even press any
buttons I just get them close yeah is
that it uh yeah
congratulations arsenal I'm sure they're
a great team sure sure sure they're a
great team all right what's sorry jack
5:30 so the Super Bowl is officially
starting I think we should play one more
game okay we should break out the Super
Nintendo that's a lot of we hooking
things up I don't think we should you
really want to
I mean how long is that gonna take my
girl I wouldn't mind watching the Super
Bowl you oh you actually want to go see
my call it or a quick game of something
else we can just put the flip Madden 15
back in or play another sign papers
please come on guys

[Part IV]
we'll see if we can find classic teams I
bet they have classic themes right
probably is only unlockable paid content
one more for the road okay
Oh God here the ps4 eating the disc
okay yeah yeah oh if it was taste way if
Taylor Swift was doing the Super Bowl
halftime show I'd watch that
I'm literally what's gonna happen is I'm
gonna go home and start editing the next
free recognize that's it if I get home
jack-jack missed the new jurassic world
trailer you know what i'm sure it will
be on youtube in minutes yeah
minutes
okay stream is updated hey listen you
guys make any of the motivation jokes
you want they're funny
the motivation jokes what do they say oh
you know they're not sure about the
players motivation oh that that nonsense
and also yes I am giving rich a ride
home but you won't have to worry about
driving in these terrible terrible don't
worry looking back but of course that
yeah then he has to worry about good
news car back here we'll see what's a
cloud in might you will check outside
yeah it's already on YouTube of course
it's already on YouTube oh wait we're
canceling this we learned our lesson
last time yeah okay
play now boom let's see the team's
weekend fun
l2 is a random team Cowboys Broncos
I just want to see if they have any
classic ones and I'll go through fast
I wouldn't even I wouldn't even try
Ravens Steelers Colts Vikings it's a
mismatch oh you have 90 is that what I'm
supposed to look at those numbers I
think so
yeah banthas are 84 Panthers versus
Broncos whatever what else you got what
else is earners I'm just hitting the
Randa button here no I'll just go
straight up or down so you can see them
all and proper whatever oh here we go
well that's 91 okay I don't know that
you're going to Broncos in there good oh
yeah 49ers versus Broncos all right
Denver San Francisco rumble in the
tumble
what do I think of Saints Row um I'm
fine with it safe if I haven't never
actually played one I think I all I've
heard is that they're good
somebody just give me one reason I
haven't got around to it okay no I you
know I think they from what I've heard
they understand what they are and they
try to have a little fun with it so I
encourage that I have no strong feelings
either way or either way Dumble in the
humble
no no Snell surround the stream of it
would it would take some time to get
this Ness hooked up and the unplugging
stuff possibly restarting computer
stopping the stream right yeah it makes
sense
Rich's right if he was snow starts
coming down in a terrible Jam yeah your
brother Eddie listen you're probably
right mumble in the grumble grumble in
the Wombles play prop hunt in some time
reserved Jiffy Lube upper you just get a
quick oil change yeah but you know you
might want to take an end of someplace
that little like a look at everything if
you got shit on the 49ers
if it's making noises in shit but yeah
we have a jiffy lube we have all sorts
of like one-hour places and whatnot
Thank You King vidiian linked to the
Supra Jurassic world Super Bowl trailer
already on YouTube this is I can't you
know big surprise big surprise this is
the thing now when people now like T's
like we're gonna air the the teaser
trailer for ant-man
during agents of shield like I don't
give a fuck
it'll be on YouTube minutes later
did you catch it fix up yes yes you did
I forgot who I was Oh J says the new
jurassic world trailer is just as lame
as the last one so great Derrick how
much what's the problem - like me we're
excited about that Chris Pratt what I
still don't understand why people are
excited about the Jurassic world no no I
don't know they've already made two bad
sequels why why isn't Street third
time's the charm
oh by the way I think our - does my guy
did seem to run faster he didn't get me
anywhere but he seemed to run faster J
says first time was the charm that was
the good one
third and nine
almost outside sign so you're using the
controllers yes we are using oh are you
just catching up to me saying that we
don't know what the buttons are dong
whatever whatever I'm looking forward to
all this shoveling I'm gonna show my
future nice thing about da apartment ya
know shoveling ever give up machine oh
no I don't know I do not have a
snowblower he's all shovel all the time
my neighbor has a snowblower and is a
very nice neighbor when it gets really
bad like this he'll usually like you get
the sidewalk up the whole block just
because he's a nice dude sometimes he'll
even get like behind my garage yeah he's
a great great Colin Kaepernick
go wide open wide open for me but the
really great thing about shoveling snow
I should probably pick up lay the great
thing about shoveling snow is when you
track your calories like I do it usually
earns me an extra fee usually that's
enough exercise to earn me a little
uniform I'll take again Chicago right
now there's no killing Chicago listen
we're doing so good up here getting home
is gonna be fun Oh bad but depressed
that was almost an interception so yeah
you're faking are you punting what oh
it's puns time
whoa am i faking or punting neither I'm
passing not even faking I'm going for
the pass well I only have six yards I
can do this Oh apparently I'm faking
I still have to go through the mountains
whoa it's a fake out catch it catch it
oh that was dumb just don't
oh wow I'm gonna be that guy says Jack
when you drive home drive fast so the
snow can't catch you absolutely
absolutely
that's the best advice thank you for
that fake oh my god that's why you don't
do that shit no very cautiously
rick jay says he's completely snowed on
his wings we may have to hunker down at
the studio and survive on bagels and
monster cereal yeah that's a real
possibility should never have come in
today we say we're coming I know I know
we said we're coming and we'll make it
home there's a shovel here we'll shovel
our way out of this fuck
now it'll be fine we'll get out of here
well get out of here Willie we might
have to shovel a bit what the fuck
indeed in the middle of a play right now
Oh I left your wide open box nur mustard
mustard mustard lover thank you for
subscribing we'd very much appreciated
alright alright things are going swell I
really should have just not touched the
controller for that yeah which by the
way hallmark of any great game I think
you can just drop the controller in the
game will play itself no it's not better
I trust the game more than myself that's
the hallmark of a good game to you
is it sarcasm no sergeant I hope so okay
sorry I wasn't sure oh yeah I wasn't
sure if those that was pretty dry it's
pretty good that was pretty dry no I
just IRA after that play I left for that
space wide open and he took it and I
felt like a jackass and so I should have
100% just not touch the controller
he'll take it from the one
21 an extra yard great
oh I should pick a play
sorry I was you're farting I was
flirting okay hey now hey now hey now
get your game on right down the hall
there you go that's just just out of
curiosity yeah wanting people there in
the chat now started and said he's gone
down somewhat we've lost we've lost
about 200 yeah
yeah and that's fine now we're are kind
of normals yeah so I'm okay with it
I'm okay with it
Super Bowl update the score is zero to
zero thank you for the penalty
oh that's a great man yeah that's a
great run I felt great about that yeah
also I am very hungry I'm very I am then
Danny okay here we go here we go
Oh tackle tackle tackle
shit god dammit that's great
yeah that's great that's great one for
you I can't I can't take much credit
yeah
if we had some control over
interceptions happening I'd feel better
I feel better about as it is that was a
good thing but sure but you but again
the hallmark of a great campaign is you
know what it is it's almost like
watching actual football where people
like yes my team so it accurately
represents actually watching football
that's really funny
Wow that look like a nerd you know we
should play what MLB power pros and
there should be cutesy little cartoony
baseball game okay unbeliev yeah what
are your thoughts on the Watchmen movie
um not terrible the watchman's whole
thing is being realistic and a realistic
view on superheroes and every time
somebody gets thrown into a brick wall
or does the slow-motion action cam yeah
in the movie I get angry
because it's not a realistic because the
Watchmen is all about bringing super
girls down to earth right and the movie
does some of that action schlock now in
that every time that happens in the
movie egg oh why are you doing that it's
not what the Watchmen is about I can be
with you I can be with you then yeah I
think the opening sequence of the
Watchmen is great and then the movie
goes to shit after that yeah after that
the original part it's really tough when
you when you enjoy the original material
so much and when they nailed the
original materials so well
today I'm here to look like movie with a
fine comb like them The Watchmen the
comic book has so much like hidden and
repeating symbols Alec imagery going on
like that smiling face shows up
symbolically it's not the actual button
but just it's all over that book and
different other things just keep
repeating and I don't know if the movie
does that I would assume so because he
what he did meticulously recreates so
many things you know so I would assume
but who the fuck
what happened will you wash silence but
Ivan I didn't do anything
take em out oh we pay attention dude
dude dude dude so yeah this is just the
thing he's like if you ever feel like
watching The Watchmen just read the book
yeah basically and you'll enjoy that a
whole bunch a whole bunch better you'll
enjoy that more yes
the book is brilliant this wonderful
movie is fine I think I think if I would
have seen the movie first I don't know
if I don't know if I would have enjoyed
of the bed if I saw the movie first I
might not even have bothered with the
book I might be like oh I don't know hmm
that's a real thing that's such a J
about that whether or not he's watched
the I don't think so I think that came
out before me we were doing having a bad
now that could be missing but I could be
wrong on that
I have this thing's have all become a
blur idea someone like to get a
perspective on someone whose opinion I
generally agree with the book all right
I was trying to skip the cutscene and
and I don't know what clamoring book
yeah I said buckets I mean the comic
book the collection of comics in these
what do you call it again the trade I
have the trade paperback the tpb yeah
TPB still a book even though it's a
comic book
I think riches have scored
let's see we'll see was saying I think
Watchmen was even pre phantom master D
that could be that might have been I
have no concept of space or time
third down here first I don't think this
is a player picked oh oh you dropped it
- he's lying
Wyatt crew riot crew thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
sorry if we misty a little bit we've
been playing no no that's alright see
what to do
cousin Tia what my guy will just run no
matter what oh wait not touching it not
touching it oh no kissing you know
straight we don't play or watch NFL
never knew what was happening in the
game until your stream today so thank
you and now you know this is my real
question it kind of makes sense again
you know
oh wait wrong wait I saw the opening too
late I saw the opening way too late I
saw it it was straight I just should
have great if I kept running straight
sorry I had a curve I'm sorry the curve
that was my fault
hundred percent my fault hum daling a
free hours ago it was decent game yeah
it was something
oh right into your guy thing this time I
was really trying to follow exactly what
the place I do yeah you don't follow the
plane huh you don't follow the plane
honestly a lot of times I don't even pay
attention those lines
I picked are on see now this time I
pressed the wrong button so I really
don't know what I'm too because no idea
nice got the first version that's all
that matters that's a good question when
was the Plunkett generations review
released on YouTube I'm not sure no
fucking five years ago I mean at this
point yeah at this point more right is
he didn't though he did the next-gen
movies before he did without Phantom
Menace right right I remember seeing the
next-gen movie reviews ah oh
almost almost runway to death right a
2-pound Oh a Hamish I was saying 2008
yeah I'm not sure I'm not be too shocked
six years ago what year is it now 2015
now - 8 - 15 - seven yeah I said 700 you
just said you didn't seem sure I was not
sure Jesus age oh come on
is there an intercept button I want to
know this I just press X only have two
yards I should really run it I said I'm
doing rich I'm ready
you're probably gonna pass it because
you always do the dumb thing
oh Jesus intercept could be any button
no one is saying in a spirit of American
footballs immense toil on athletes
bodies describe your most serious injury
like ever ever tonight I can tell you my
most serious injury is I was sledding
once went off a sweet wicked jump fell
and built all the jacks doing a fake
well should've just let it drop
now you're gonna lose yards intercepting
I don't want them to I broke my
collarbone okay like if the collarbone
on my right side is now permanently
fucked up cuz he can't really fix it oh
I have never broken a bone then I know
okay but if like broken like a pinky toe
jacked up on something that might may
have happened sure but see worst injury
I was a kid I was at a batting cage
mm-hmm
ball hit me right in the mouth and my
teeth must have bit off part of the
inside of my cheek I was literally
spitting out mouthfuls and blood
although would fill up a blood I would
spit a full mouth full of blood on the
concrete and my mouth would fill up
again or hard well that was a kid yeah
so they go rich spitting up mouthfuls of
blood I I don't know I've probably told
the story before I nearly died at
Disneyworld no I don't never heard it
that's a real story yes it is
you nearly died and nearly died Disney
one ok family vacation and you could
read these little tiny motor boats and
the family was in the motor pool around
ok and driving my little motorboat my
brother's ahead of me heading towards me
Michael my little brother mm-hmm and so
I I kind of swerved to the right to get
out away he also spoke right so I spoke
to the left together he also scored the
lefty out of the way and he ended up
hitting me kind of not quite head-on he
kind of like hit side of my boat his
boat kicked like up in the air like kind
of like over mine and the propeller
whizzed right by my head she's so I I
nearly died by getting hit in the head
with a motor boat propeller and when I
was 12
that's intense yeah that is in tense
oh my god that's life-changing life
ending is what that is
Oh fine I decline oh I declined the
because we you're doing story yeah yeah
I'm with this down no it is the end of
first corner by the way Oh superb all
right oh I'm never gonna get home in
time to see the game with this weather
I like that rich borrowed time Evans
right you know why you you know I hate
faith is a faith is a concept designed
by lazy storyteller I had to grow up to
become Richard William Thomas Evans the
third Wow
right everyone was right there yeah it's
yeah it's knowing a fuckwad things are
getting crazy
why thank you John kilo a little rich
and geez
wide open wide open wide open you don't
get paid man any chance my team sucks or
it's just me it's probably you you got
the dominate at the football I get to
win at foot by day I did I won that I
won the football and you're winning at
the first I want one game of the
football when the deck was stacked in my
favor oh snap jesus H yes wait five six
seconds I don't think I'm gonna do it no
well you know how Mary of course we know
how good my quarterback has been okay
here we go let's go let's go
it's giving me the same play option for
all three I mean it is pretty sure I
should do that place yes
I mean yeah that was the biggest
clusterfuck ever for the Europeans the
hell marry is a path that goes very very
deep it's called a Hail Mary because
it's basically a prayer here we are not
likely to make it it's a desperation
throw to gain a lot of yards very
quickly it is the biggest dice roll
imaginable because the players are so
far away if you are not even sure who
you're throwing it yes and so all your
players just kind of bunch up wave their
arms like no because you got you got to
be accurate and you got to be accurate
at distance and you have to not throw an
interception and you have to not get
sacked Jacobi asks why aren't you
watching the bowl it'll be well let's
look at home I probably can't get home
we're gonna see if rich can get home to
finish watching the ball I is a jack I
just don't care about football I don't
watch the Super Bowl anyway so I'm just
doing a good long sports stream so we're
just doing it under Early's both stream
oh yeah I just want to stop playing now
okay yeah
if listen great we can stop anytime yeah
make that call good piece of tacklin
gained three yards on that play
current Super Bowl score is zero zero
great thank you
second down now okay here we go here we
go
lines up here
not even not even a little bit I saw
some that what what happened with yours
ears like glow it glowed and it said
perfect I don't know okay maybe maybe
leaving after the snap moving sure yeah
whatever you did you did it perfectly it
sounds nice when you don't know what you
did perfectly but we didn't perfectly
yeah I have some issues with this some
issues with this game okay here we go
but ah that was right there
clem Fandango has the real question
anyone know the score update with the
Puppy Bowl what are we doing at the
Puppy Bowl guys totally punting one
munch you guys know that I'm totally
punting
oh I did really funny I'm kind of
surprised Ashley yeah
you don't really care Wow
are you done kind of late at the end of
this corner sheriff or next touchdown
next session wins it out yeah sure next
touchdown wins it all sudden sudden
artificial death I like it I like do a
rich Evan starts his car stream it
starts it's driving in this weather
we're not set up for that kind of not
getting stuck I want to get stuck in the
snow three more times on the way home
I'm greater than I thought fucked up my
engine just driving her in the first
place
sure also we're not set up for that kind
of dream we don't have my camera with me
can't do it
- play Hey it's a good eye
I agree with that battle master The
Terminator reboot looks fucking
horrendous really a reboot looking
horrendous I can't imagine not all
reboots I'm bad I say not really having
anything to think of example of a good
reboot
I didn't sack the game the game sacks
I'm not doing anything right animus
primal says why can't rich use the space
cop car to get home technically I am you
know it doesn't fly right what but I've
seen it fly in the movies
turn down for what
here it is guys next touchdown wins I
have been secretly sandbag I've been
sandbagging the entire game just so rich
could agree to to a next touchdown
winner take all for the whole day for
the whole day so now I'm gonna get that
touchdown not even close
I didn't understand the plan I don't I
mean I
which seems like silly cuz you see all
the lines and you know where all the
lines are going but I don't know what
all the lines mean okay
I made one yard I've made one yard game
my running game is weak my passing game
also weak the ominous ringing Bell boom
oh I don't know I'm gonna have to do
boom I press the button again maybe the
pressing a button helps rich I thought
you didn't have to press any buttons
jack which is it I don't know I just
missing buttons and the key it keeps
working I think we're kind of getting
ready to wrap up soon thank you for
showing up everybody I hope I hope you
enjoyed this one time only you're
streaming early afternoon stream right
early afternoon to early evening the
afternoon I guess we started late
yesterday I wasn't really early early
yeah after gives proper after yeah it
was an afternoon streamed and I think
it's Emily it was fine for me a little
early for rich oh this is helpful
that was great houseful having to borrow
them or I don't know how that I can do
that again it'll be good for them for
the rest of this game their confidence
the confidence yeah yeah yeah
oh no I ran out of time oh wait it's -
it's just the third okay everything's
fine everything's fine very concerned
all right guys here's it he's for
everything guys
for everything
boom boom Shakalaka boom Shakalaka we do
need a big play I agree we need to pick
lay here guys
okay here we go here we go jacket rich
when will you be starting tonight's
American stream yeah all right we're
done we're done I'm taking Mike horn
back from your control give it to me no
oh wait wait
there's a penalty I'm gonna decline the
penalty oh that's good that's good good
night good night everybody thank you
everyone for coming out thank you to all
the new subscribers all of you crazy
subscribers this this afternoon that was
so great thank you to all the old
subscribers and thanks for everyone else
watching us play sports game rich and I
are definitely out of our comfort zones
tonight yeah but it was very fun and
even though Denver won Jack really won
that's that's the real key good night
everybody also just to make sure
everyone knows we will not be streaming
tonight we will not be doing an American
stream today because we did that should
be pretty obvious different but but uh
Oh Jack before you go could you put the
streams into playlists on YouTube yes
all of our streams are on the stream
playlists on YouTube so I do already
good you want specific nights
Oh like individual playlists
