Mar 29, 2015
Bloodborne
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4005254
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4005261
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4005267
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkRYcgLX7tk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1JL-V8dQvQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5p1I2f_RB8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/582212562076315648

[Part I]
nice restarts I just hit the start frame
button people might see one moment
please but now they should be seeing
blood-borne because by the way something
I want to let you know rich is I did
that thing where I downloaded the thing
the al gato thing and it is working
great okay so I don't know I'm not I'm
not against the old Gotham it wasn't
working it wasn't working for you it's
working for me but hello everybody
welcome welcome to the the Sunday night
hack and a half stream both on I've got
all the ok
you are playing blood-borne I am playing
but what born I love blood blood blood
Bjorn
and I I think also our subscriber
notification is not working at the
moment because of the way I had to set
this up so thank you for subscribing but
do you really appreciate it
right right we we didn't want to stream
this on Wednesday we had this on
Wednesday but we didn't want to stream
it on Wednesday because you know of our
horrible block with Dark Souls but I
I've played it enough now where I am
comfortable playing the game have you
have you gotten past the first boss what
first boss okay okay I've gotten past
two bosses I've got two bosses okay it
depends on what you call the first boss
the one who after you beat him you can
start upgrading your character yes well
you don't even have to beat him you just
have to meet him really
yeah yeah cuz I lost to him the first I
mean eighty times would you believe it
or not I beat him my first time I don't
believe it you did I did oh he did
that's great that's great
it was kind of amazing I'm seeing that
game audio's a little loud so I just
turned to turn the game on it down a
little bit that's great
bridge I can't believe that what we're
what weapon were using if there was you
in the X No okay it's very comfortable
with the ax then I I got that that
fucking hammer sword
oh that dumbass hammer sword you see
dumbass I hate the hammer sword and I
didn't love hammers I love hammers and
games and I hate that hammers are it's
it's both a slow powerful hammer and
it's also a quick agile
yeah
but the sword is so weak
Midnight's of the century thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
by the way I'm not saying I'm a
blood-borne God I don't know how the
hell I'd beat the boss my first time in
countering him I just ended up doing it
I thought I thought um I thought that
the sword was so weak that it was
useless and the hammer was so slow that
it was useless all right so you know and
it couldn't just be my play style where
it were you know I didn't want to I
didn't want you know cuz I found I found
the the saw what's it called
Oh mr. shy smile thank you for
subscribing and being our moderator were
you very very much appreciated I found
this weapon which is we are both really
quiet according to each other we are
both really quiet yes our levels are
good so you can just turn up your
computer I just turned up us a little
bit I'm just going to assume if they're
saying that they're already up I'm just
going to make that assumption I would
also assume I turned us up a little bit
I turned us up and game volume down a
little bit I in general mehdi morris
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it the past seven months now
and dong Antley thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
so I got this weapon and I think you can
see it now yeah which is the the spear
and I found that actually really early
on in the game a body dropped it for me
and I've just been rocking this because
it's been working for me okay and so I'm
yeah like I'm in the second area now so
that was that was a monster drop no not
a monster drop I found it in a corpse oh
okay
like there was a secret area in the in
the first like you know where the rats
are in the first level
rats rats you know the giant rats you
mean those were double things that what
the big werewolf things no not the
werewolves the rats
I don't recall rats oh I haven't got
much further pest first boss because odd
going on yes and that's okay
can you read that latest subscriber I
can't read it from here Bacchus six
months in our own should i go me to go
back a little bit like what is the chen
know about this game yet like you're
like rick do you want me to spoil stuff
cuz like I'm moving I'm moving on I move
on I don't care I don't know about the
chat okay there are the ones water to
see the game though I guess you and like
the chat knows that like you know we're
playing the game tonight it might get
you know there could be spoilers this
but I'm just playing I'm just playing
and you know a spoiler alert for the
review I have very complicated feelings
about the game in general but spoiler
alert is I just in general wanted to
play this game more so that's why I'm
playing and someone suggested it and so
I'm here playing that's that so you
don't remember rats you don't remember
giant rodents no okay so there's a whole
area that you didn't explore okay which
is awesome and it's before it's before
the first boss I know I know the village
undead kind of mob yeah
the monster mob
I have not played in like a couple days
yeah the resident evil dogs yeah I know
there's that that big giant ogre thing
with the with the axe and and you beat
him and there's really like no damn
great reward yep oh no one like he's not
protecting anything it's just there so I
remember beating him the first time I'm
being so disappointed and loving the
fact that there was nothing behind him
loving it those those troll things you
know we're playing together fire the
boss the big giant thing with a giant
arm oh one fart on the bridge oh so you
haven't gotten to the other boss yet no
that's the boss you're talking about oh
you have not gotten as far as I have no
no I don't think I have oh I've been
busy with with stuff on either side I
know you have I know I know you guys are
doing stuff okay so yeah there there's a
there is a I also that that giants like
troll hair monster yeah
I also beat him my first try because I
found him and didn't you know that I was
finding him and I had a bunch of
so pissed because you know like here I
am in a boss encounter and
I really thought I really tried on that
boss but I guess I also became my first
go I thought you were talking about the
next boss which by the way wait till you
get to the island okay I'm really
disappointed I came across a glitch in
this area the other day yeah and I was
hoping it would happen again I recorded
it already there was a beautiful there
was a beautiful bridge what I have to do
I have the repeating revolver Marceau
just because I don't really quite
understand what the different revolver
is do and I barely use the revolver
anyway
yeah I don't I don't like the revolver
at all like I had it I also have like a
cheap wooden shield maybe I should try
using that you know what I'm gonna try
using my cheap wooden shield okay I
picked up a cheap wooden shield I've
been playing with my Amazon lady
Amazonian Amazonian we when we recorded
oh no
Jack confirmed for super-skrull you
haven't seen me die yet did you see me
fall off the thing you're about to see
me fall off I just fell off the thing
come on still lingering cough but uh in
any case well I don't even know where I
was there's there's some I am so oh yeah
so we we started playing with I made a
me which was you know a bald skinny man
with glasses that I thought I thought it
was really funny but I got sick of I got
sick of looking at him yeah so I made an
Amazon woman I basically just took the
default and made minor changes because
if it gets a fart oh yes there is a
Gatling gun there is a Gatling gun in
this area that's not fun oh but it's
sure to get you Judy
yeah shooting at me and the monsters in
this area area of town
and they don't and and so there's no
like crime and there's no problem and
the hunters are the problem in this area
if you see how I'm attacking here
basically the saw is in light attack
mode and I'm pressing light attack
button over and over and that's kind of
my default I don't know how you've been
playing but that's how I've been playing
with what baby with my with my saw spear
I've been using
mostly the axe no you're not done the
counter-attack one oh you mean like
attack them like hit them while they're
attacking you yep and then that slows
them down I I can't get the timing right
you you hit the mother attacking you and
then that staggers them and then when
they they get staggered you can do that
that one fancy super oh okay how did you
not know this cuz I don't use it very
much because I don't use it very much
okay is the real answer then okay we're
gonna we're gonna play it smart this
works it works pretty good on the big
enemies with long slow attacks
oh yeah like fighting ogres shoot them
yeah you shoot them when they're in the
middle of swinging that giant axe and
then they get stunned and then you just
do that that special attack from massive
damage yeah that works great for
fighting over okay so now now we're
running from again
it's this thus order 1886 this actually
has gameplay okay it's true this is a
game I don't know if you guys have heard
about
it's pretty neat I feel like the lock on
and change free time I just
something something like
okay
so I've actually been playing killer is
dead when I should I probably for all by
all rights I know I should be planning
this but you should be playing this rich
this is your drown I know I know what
you're saying is you've been shirking
your responsibilities there's stuff
going on and I just haven't been in the
mood for for something that requires
this much brain power you know a
difficult game where you got to try
really hard just one yeah I fell off a
thing the Lord gonzo thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate that
I fell off a thing again I did I'm sorry
I know I felt there's nothing I can do
about it I fell off a thing you know
still new to this area I kind of want to
explore over here there was like a
hidden thing and I kind of want to go
over there but I think this is the
correct way to go I've made it further
in this area before and so I know this
is the correct way to go and I see
someone in the chat just saying that I'm
spam
get back over and over again and I mean
yes you know but I'm also like you know
like I know when the enemies are
attacked bounced out of the way and I
can get I've leveled up my endurance
enough where I can get four or five
strikes quick strikes okay so that's
just like my most efficient mode of
attacking I'm just explaining my
experience no yeah yeah something you
just saw me do let's see if I can find
another one one of the most upsetting
things about the game for me this is
obviously upsetting you see this box
right here everybody I just broke it
open broke it open and it's great you
could there's all this stuff that you
can break in the game and you know
what's in the stuff nothing there's
nothing ever in the stuff that you can
break and it's really constant good good
then maybe you just will run around
breaking everything like I've returned
listen
there's stuff that you want to break and
I want to break it you can break it you
know to break the shit yeah but then why
has a breakable stuff
somebody's I'm hunting okay I am I'm
doing the public service
and that means I can steal and break
that's how it works
that makes you sound like a bandit I
scavenger and abandoned I'm a little bit
of both
can't I be a little bit of both weapon
probably really has good range if you
use the other attack mode instead of
instead of getting up close when you're
surrounded it does have good range the
only five it has a slower swing that
would be a nice thing to like you know
take advantage of sure it just has a
slower swing okay doctor scientist thank
you just like I can do I can do the same
thing if I if I have it in in compact
mode check what is wrong with her face
what is wrong
I discovered a blood right now okay it
was like that when you first started oh
I didn't I did put a scar on her face
okay okay but no no as you play the game
yeah you'll notice you know in between
going to your dream space which is where
you upgrade your weapons inside yeah
as you play the game you get covered in
blood and film you haven't made it to
the rat area yet and you get covered in
sewer filth and that you know like it
never cleans up nice locator I gave her
a scar like I made her one I made her an
Amazon I turned all the sliders up to
the largest everything and I want to say
I gave her the background of like like
the troubled background where you get
more points yeah bud well you get more
points yeah I have no idea what you can
choose you can choose your characters
backgrounds and I have no idea
I do miss the time when games actually
came with a man cuz I had to go online
to figure out what someone's batshit
dead
this does have a digital I notice the
inventory screen and what I meant to
tell you what your stats do but stats
about
sure-sure here no I I like playing his
ladies you know why cuz it's the thing
you look at the entire game that's a
real thing is you you cannot fuck around
in this game and I was fucking around
and I got shot by the me fucking arrived
I know and I shouldn't have been
I shouldn't have been fucking around but
I was
beckylyn games had medals yeah I didn't
I didn't I didn't use them very much my
preference he used to interested pick up
the game and learn by doing
sure whatever every now and then there
was something I wanted to have I'm sure
very helpful situation this has a
digital manual you in the main menu of
the ps4 you can go to the digital menu
it's very hard to navigate the digital
menu the digital manual fun it has it if
you so desire whatever do you have any
tips to heat up my my love life well
honestly fine find somebody who you can
also be good because know a relationship
you're gonna be spending a lot of time
and it really hopes to also do their
friend then you can like the same shit
wow that was real advice yeah hey that's
that's great I'm just I'm just shocked
oh yeah that's right there was another
I mean what you're looking for is a
brick a best friend with boobs
kind of a kind of a breast friend really
yeah I mean you need a breast
I said that I needed a new headset my my
headset is currently attached to my head
late I said blanket tied around my head
send me a link you know send me an
Amazon link rich ok send me an Amazon
link and I will order it it will happen
how many times have I died in this game
many I've died many many times I don't
know if it keeps track of it anywhere
but I can look it up I have died many
many times in this game which is part of
my part of my complicated feelings
towards the game is the amount of deaths
is I'm trying to think of like they're
my I can graph in a wave in a perfect
wave how much I love / hate this game
you know like when the wave comes up I
love the game
perfect I'm I'm sure we will talk about
difficulty one way when we do fill the
episode absolutely I how much you want
to talk about that kind of stuff now
well you know like there's not that many
people watching now and you know the
deep so probably won't go up on YouTube
until after the review is up and so like
you know we can talk about it a little
bit we don't have to it doesn't need to
be a big thing I'm just trying to
actually look right now to see if there
is a number of deaths is what what what
what do you feel the difficulty sweet
spot is and again right that's hard
that's hard to judge because and where
does where does blood-borne fall and
that like like one of my one of my
favorite games mmm
the the 3d Ninja Gaiden game not the
classic that's one but the 3d one okay
game starts off balls hard mm-hmm but
just by playing it you've naturally get
better and even though it's balls you
get to the point where you can get
really good at that game and make it
through dying a minimal number of times
actually on normal and see see I started
that when I first played that game I the
first the first fucking boss was beating
my ass I didn't think I would ever even
get through the
and I at some point I had mastered I
like a difficulty when a game is just
it's difficult but it's also master able
yes I don't you know I haven't played it
that much yet I'm wondering if
blood-borne will ever be master ball to
me or if I'm all he's just gonna be done
dying a ton and desperate to level up
for the next section section there was a
section in the game where I grinded I
had to grind in order to I don't I don't
know that I like that I mean I hate I
hate oh sure sure and and you know this
is something we've talked about before
the grind you know a lot of people refer
to grinding as just leveling up and I
you know to me grinding is when you are
purposefully not completing the meant
objective of the game in order to raise
numbers that's grinding you know like
just leveling up your character like
going through the game as naturally
intended and leveling up your characters
not grinding that's just lovely no no no
that's that's great yeah that's great
that's customization that's that's
wonderful thing but when you are
purposefully not moving forward another
thing was just like am I gonna die if I
do this thing I'm about to do I'm kind
of I think I think I went the wrong way
I tried going a different direction just
to see what would happen and so there
was a section in this game when I felt
like I needed to grind in order to
progress and so I did I and and by the
way you know like the first area which
you haven't seen all of you is huge its
massive and I went through and killed
every single monster in that first area
yeah which I mean felt great but but
that was grinding
your first time through that's okay if
you're replaying that section just to
get more points that's that's grinding
oh no but I was I had to replay it over
and I like I had to go through and kill
all the monsters a couple times in order
to raise some stats okay you know I'd go
through the grind
I'd kill all the monster I'd raise some
stats try this other and boss guy failed
miserably
before I forget her deck now Klem
Fandango thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
notifications are not on right now I
couldn't in order to start on time I
couldn't figure out how to get the
notifications working with the elgato
stream okay if I see them I will shout
the Bob yep and you know you guys know
just remind us just tell us just like
yeah thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we very much do grinding and
whatnot so so that was the thing where
where I hit that point of the game of
course then I was able to I did I did
not
that I beat him using sneaky sneaky
tricks yeah I felt actually really bad
like like pine resin no not like what
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
Wow teh h py f c/e the pipes the pipes
there is a star wars flights in who's
someone in the chat just said we need to
oh we need a new star wars flight soon
okay yeah I thought I thought they just
said we need a star wars flights and
it's like have you
oh it happened again it happened again
yes there's a guy in the ground
and it's awesome he can speak you can
still get you personally I suspect
frenzy and some torch you know it's not
like I don't trust you
Kaka over 9000 oh there is there is look
at that you'll see him in a second rage
but it's just the guy in the ground this
is exactly what happened yesterday and I
had to quick like stop the game and get
my capture device so I could capture the
enemy in the ground and you can hit him
like that I just hit him in the and he
can come up and hit you through the
ground but like he can hit you he's like
a shark he's like a demon shark
here we go wait for the minigun so you
know difficulty to me is on a wave no
you know what this just said it's gonna
annoy you what somebody just said our
audio is out second spent time getting
us know you and I should be perfectly
insane should be no no I mean we we are
we rich and I are coming through on the
same audio channel we are we're probably
slightly off of the game like ready I'm
gonna go swing and swing now that second
swing was perfect so I were slightly off
we're not a hundred percent perfect but
we're pretty close
I'm not there I'm watching it on Twitch
so for me that's completely off oh yeah
yeah so if I'm if I'm talking about
something going out of the game it's
it's very yes yeah we should be like but
in a millisecond we should be like well
somebody says for a second somebody else
is three seconds somebody else's two
three seconds ahead of the game yeah oh
my god well okay then I did a recording
test I did a recording test earlier and
we were we were like like I said
milliseconds before the game but nothing
I'm gonna do that come here
come over here and fight me Oh
it was pretty great okay
cross this thing to fight the birds
and they crawl on the ground which makes
them extra creepy yeah you see birds
that don't fly that's weird yeah you
know other than like fucking penguin I
know the chance can bring what about
penguins rich what about our yeah yeah
you know what penguins penguins and
ostriches are creepy
it's like I know I have like I have all
these weapons that I'd like I never use
small towels or throwing knives I'm
frankly shocked I've made it as far as
the monsters dickheads yeah then they'd
just be deformed people my free nature
the monster has to be a dickhead
otherwise otherwise the word means
nothing right
they're just there it is what was that
this is the real thing about the law
house this is
a technical problem that I have with the
game is lock onto a month re lock on to
the my god is that a real thing that's
real thing oh my god I'm going I've
already set up Auto target problem-solve
Auto target
switch oh my god that was a real thing
that was bothering me very real and I
just fixed it we're gonna see if this
works I mean I'm sure it's gonna work
that's good you know what we're learning
what do you guys think of being
frustrated with games that you know what
something I've just been figuring out
for me is like whether or not
whether or not I would keep playing this
game if I wasn't reviewing it that's a
big thing for me and I don't necessarily
know the answer to that I think I want
to go up here and fight the dickhead
who's been shooting at me with a gun but
he's like a boss character well give it
you know what I've been dying enough
we'll give it a try
I mean I don't I I may be having the
same problem or it could just be the
nature of getting home from work with
bullshit we've been doing and not just
not feeling like playing a difficult
game just wanting to relax sure you know
that couldn't just be the issue but I
think I'm having the same feeling as far
as what I keep playing this and and like
I said it goes and waves for me where I
hit moments where I love this game I hit
moments where this is honestly my jam oh
yeah when I when I when I beat that
first boss yeah yeah oh you feel great
like you you know this game is difficult
enough where like you accomplish things
she works she works well with the body
types in this game I do I need to get
better with my face oh I agree
so somebody's saying you can you can
maneuver yourself so this guy falls off
the building I will I will absolutely
was somebody was saying that I will
absolutely cheat I will absolutely cheat
that dude this dude is optional they're
saying and yeah I think he is optional I
just don't want him to shoot at me
anymore
I see you've played nicely Spoony before
the trick is to immediately spam
shooting him once you get to the top and
he will fall off I need to go buy more
bullets then I only have blood bullets
right now and I can only hold five blood
bullets at a time I can only hold five
blood bullets at a time
it sounds middle weight well fight with
block bullets hey by the way let's let's
see see ya I have the hunters torch
right here
alright let's you know what let's see
what happens and I can I can shove it at
people
I just restarted open oh by the way
anything dude still bought me oh they
are they actually are they're kind of
backing off
you have to oh yeah but then you just
get surrounded so basically if I wanted
to I feel like my mom threw the whole
the whole encampments instead of
fighting
I saw
doesn't make it easier to attack them
want one no no maybe one on one like
what the problem was is they would some
of them it made it harder to predict
their movements okay and so some of them
would back off and some of them would
lunge
I'm not real earnings
on it Jack over 9000 wants an apology
about the torture you know what you're
right
cop technically that did work cockle
over 9,000 and I am sorry
I jumped to conclusions we have we have
we have trust issues
oh my god
first thing I did once I got home very
different gamers your your console guy
originally you're not used to options
I'm not I'm not used options now this
isn't a console game as a general rule
PC gamers love their customization and I
think I think we're used to looking that
kind of stuff yes I'm gonna go ahead and
say that you're right only because it
yes
so the idea with the gun is you wait -
oh crap wait to see them attacking then
you use your gun yeah and then you do
that give it a go go hey hey oh we give
not fighting words
it's likethey perry and we have no
bullets oh the red number so oh oh the
birds came to me
so if you're ever if you're a boy you
can press up on the d-pad which are more
powerful I've never had a problem I've
never run out all I always seem to come
across health files of course this is
the second area so yeah we're gonna give
this some time with this guy here nope
I'm just not fast enough to do pairing
you might want some more mo efficient
two pistols yeah normally what I do is I
wait until they attack dodge
why do you try this new exciting way I I
am I am but my my gun
this is what this is probably where a
blunderbuss would come in handy
hey come here monster come here oh you
hi look at him he's a jerky hides in the
shadows I can come to the tree
you know I do believe there is some sort
of co-op for this game
you could bring other people into your
game
like a call for assistance I don't know
it's like you get to choose
we can why don't you but you're at home
yeah
yeah so your internet is less that's
true that's true
come over here monster yeah over there
she / she works in most of the time
which is me I don't know if we've ever
like discussed it officially but like
with with like FTL right the the
technique you use for beating the
mothership is pretty different than you
used to beat every other ship yeah I
mean you know you can get through the
entire game with a completely different
set of tools and then you get to that
mothership and you'll be a bit boned
well there's some strategies that just
work really well yeah
I'm gonna skip I'm gonna skip captain
bond got me to see if we can find
another checkpoint to see if we can get
to another checkpoint so dick Neutron
dick neutral wants to know what's the
story for this game and that's a great
question yeah I don't think the game
doesn't really care the game just kind
of fuzzy setting it yeah cuz they're
they're more concerned with the game
light when they are story
they just with all they really want is
atmosphere that's that's okay yeah
there's like vague I I would like more
context what I'm doing
they have like bag hunting demons yes
well and they did say that the hunt is
only one night there it's like the night
of the hunt where this is a like it's a
regular thing the night of the hunt so I
don't know if it's like a once a year
once a millennium once a week now this
is pure speculation on my part yeah but
you said you know you might be becoming
a monster yeah I suspect complete
speculation on my part so it's not
really a spoiler
I suspect you already are you know you
know how the the the early monsters you
meet those was kind of like Town mob
guys yeah and they say things like stay
back David I'm waiting for the twist
where it turns out you're just
perceiving the world differently in
their normal villagers and you're some
kind of monster that's the twist I'm
waiting I don't know that it's going to
happen yeah oh by the way one
oh my god this I came to the wrong
neighborhood sir Hillary man fat thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
there's so many monsters
you know I'm here now
fuck you guys are much
does the game know is it just me or does
this game not have a soundtrack it's
very ambient the soundtrack is very
ambient and in the background I do have
like music and stuff turned down a lot
yeah j-man 3 5 8 6 thank you for
subscribing we'd really appreciate and
of course game volume compared to rich
and I stalking is also down but like no
the soundtrack is very minimal the the
sound in general is very nice like a lot
of splatter a lot of great monster
noises but the soundtrack is is very
minimal yeah somebody wants to know what
the chances are of me doing a no death
run on a from software game any from oh
well we're chill do I know that from
possibly on 3d Dot Game Heroes but Dark
Soul shit oh god no but I think you
would do a no death run it just wouldn't
last very long that's true complete
complete ain't no Debra Oh completed
know that sure oh yeah I would assume
that if I was just being funny yeah
chances are minimal
that would be a really fun night though
where it's like you know cuz generally
the no deathrun rule is as soon as as
soon as you die the stream is over
and so just be a very very short stream
dude thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
all right also you guys are seeing a lot
of this game a lot of this game going
through the same which is why I kind of
have my love and hated curve where it
does it like you know at the same time I
hate it cuz I do it gets monotonous you
know like going through the same things
over and over again but equally it
reminds me a lot of of kind of
you know so okay then this is just the
thing that happens and the only the only
problem is he can attack you from the
floor why don't you just not bother with
him yeah
well cuz the minigun starts shooting and
also how do you feel about the loading
times or how big I know that was a that
was a complaints that I saw
and also the stream is stuttering like a
motherfucker is it yeah I don't even
know if they can they can hear us
oh I see that now yeah I'm in the red
are we are we still audible this dream
turned into a slide show oh I'm sorry
I'm who's doing that oh that's right the
guys in the yeah we're in the voices
voices are fine but you just aren't
hearing yeah seeing the game okay
yeah we are we're dropping frames all
over the place hold on yeah you figure
this out
dropping frames much like it's hot you
figure this out Grandmaster Jack I mean
there's not much I can do just an
internet spike I guess okay oh no we're
back in the green now we're back in the
stream and green for a rock at this guy
oh I forget that guy sees me you can
hear I don't know if you guys can't hear
you can hear what the monster that's
stuck in the floor is stuck in the
ceiling of where we are right now
but he's just up there making it a hissy
fit because he's stuck in the floor and
I kind of love that blood vials
everywhere maybe he'll come over here we
know the videos is is stuttering you
know oh no we should be good now like we
are in that we are in the green on open
broadcaster at the moment so it should
be better now it should be tolerable
Stanek still you seem fine to me
okay in the past here I know I gotta
fight the birds cuz you come after me
later
like let your classic Mega Man's where
you know it's hard but it seems like you
can just get there every time and of
course you know your skill does get
greater over time blood echoes I might
go back Justin which is which is a
little a little grindy because of course
I'll have to go through this entire
section again and all the monsters gone
that's the nature of the game it is and
that's part of the down the downswing
right now I'm in a downswing area where
I feel it feels like it feels like a
chore to play it right now she had a
saying you really need to practice the
gun parry I know I know I do maybe I
should buy the other gun it's bullets
and also I need bullets that's a real
thing monsters
mo chedda their gun is
something about shoot time shoot times
like how fast you can choose like right
now I have the repeating pistol well if
you just if you're just using it to
parry you don't you don't mean the hyper
fast shoot times
well sure cuz then you know my pet my
repeating pistol seems like it takes a
while just to shoot in general okay I
mean yeah I don't know what any of these
things mean let's see your physical
attack obviously blood attack Amy don't
buy firearms right number of quick
silver bullets consumed oh here is so
that's what that is okay so my repeating
pistol uses two bullets every time I
fire it yep whereas the blunderbuss only
uses one okay I'm getting it I'm
understanding I'm still trying to find a
reason to use the blunderbuss over the
hunter pistol
look at that look leave the 70 versus 20
in that blood attack probably just
durability I guess that's the trade-off
but like yeah it doesn't seem like it
does much of a difference hunters used
blunderbuss easiest to parry easiest to
parry yeah I don't know why exactly
maybe she's easier to score a hit sure
sure cuz you need to be you need to be
close range for the period of working
right okay you know what I'm gonna go
for it I'm gonna buy the blunderbuss
okay we bought it although I'm gonna put
my other pistol in my
in my store
it is also the windshield I don't need
it
pistol
I don't have the hunters pistol I have
the repeating pistol oh I also still
have the hunters pistol hunters pistol I
guess I didn't sell usually I sell stuff
like I I that's that's usually my mo is
I just sell stuff I don't even know you
could sell weapons
oh yeah its are the people to the guys
in the pool oh yeah all right I bet you
could so like normal items you pick up
like a weapon oh yeah oh yeah well I
have the hunter pistol already oh and I
can't oh I can I might be able to add
special gems to that maybe I do want
thunder kiss oh hold on I'm gonna why
can't I use the hunters pissed off guard
how was your oh I forgot to onion check
yeah we need to have certain skills
upgraded before you use some weapons
hold on why is this game devoid of any
color just ugly to watch that's that's
every big game these days this is not
new information
yeah grays and browns that's realistic
everything's great Brown everything's
green Brown you know thief ancient game
at this point right but everything in
that game is kind of like dark because
you know stealth game now but they still
manage to work in a lot of just
beautiful vivid colors oh sure
tramp I didn't want to know what the
what the new one looks like just color
wise where's my broom to bust now no
apparently I can't put gemstone

[Part II]
is it my Brunner bus you haven't gotten
to the gemstone thing yet probably not
oh no I'm telling you
I have upgraded a weapon I have greatly
expand yeah there so there's nor there's
normal upgrades like there's
fortification which is normal here Allah
will go through this with the chap I
know there's the pears yeah so there's
so there's repairs and you know every
weapon breaks down actually I should
repair my saw it breaks down I have no
idea what happens if it gets to zero but
yeah and then you can fortify which is
basically like upgrading your weapons oh
and I can I can upgrade my sauce spear
awesome doing that totally doing that
which means more attack power and and I
can add and I can add another stone and
eventually you get to this blood gem
fortification and you pick up blood gems
and then you can it adds like up like I
have all these blood gems I can add a
physical attack what is this dude charge
attack up 1.8% physical attack up 1.4
percent nice
faster than XCOM wants to know what I'm
going to do a thief stream if you look
look at our archives somewhere my first
solo stream I I did stream a bit of
thief so till the game crashed and I
hadn't saved recently so we just started
a new game after that as far as when
I'll stream it again I think I think me
the next stream I do a Fievel probably a
while because my next playthrough is
probably just gonna be just just for me
because because oz might pointed me out
of those loose recent like updates to d3
and whatnot it kind of made me want to
play through the series sure I think I
think I think I think the next time I
play the thief games it's just gonna be
for Meeks I want to get immersed back in
that world and I don't have to be chat
at the same time I just couldn't some
I'm looking forward to you know yeah I
like that but after I'm after I do that
I'm sure I'll stream it at some point
mmm as far as which thief is my favorite
1 or 2 1 1 1 is better for the story 2
is better for the actual gameplay that's
good to know
I need it I am I am thinking about
playing through no more heroes heroes on
stream
Jack Jack doing doing no death run yeah
I could pull that off pretty easily with
the first one mm-hmm quicksilver boss I
can pull it off with the second one but
that last boss ISM bitch I forgot what
the bullets were called
it's Quicksilver but what's is that or
something right yeah it is but I forgot
oh and so like I was in my storage and
oh I don't have any storage dammit I can
I can only buy like three Quicksilver
plants cuz I spent all my money it spent
all my money on that other gun I could
sell a gun but night you know you don't
want to you don't want to sell guns I
don't want to sell again my other gun in
store oh I am Jam side thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do somebody wants me to stream
thief all J and Jack talk about stuff no
you do see here's the thing with thief
hmm you to enjoy thief appropriately you
need to be in a quiet dark room yeah you
can't that game requires you to get
immersed you can't can't have
distractions and and still enjoy it as
much as you would have otherwise right
like you don't want Jay and I talking
about spider-man or other such nonsense
bullshit while you're trying to enjoy a
game yes that world yeah in a brightly
lit room with people talking about stuff
oh by the way I understand completely
now I can buy me some I can buy eight
Quicksilver bullets I'm thinking it's
kind of kind of the same with Dishonored
I play that through for the first time I
kind of want that to be just on my own
sure and I think that similar reasons
know I just stored all my blood vials
come on let's get it together spirit
lifts cannot believe how long it's taken
you to do this I don't know
well the spirit lift number one fuck off
and also number two there is no number
two just fuck the fuck off I'm playing
this at my own pace I'm not attempting
to to speed through this for anyone or
anything I'm just doing this as I
normally would and this is how I play
games like I go slowly I take my time so
Don Jack somebody wants you to go up to
the level up down and do a bow it's too
late I've already left you've already
left you know ok I did accidentally hit
the level up doll I accidentally swung
my my saw at her and you can monitor it
was an accident you can injure her can
you kill her I don't I would assume so I
injured her like a health bar showed up
and I injured her you monster yeah you
monster
I did one it was an accident
and I didn't kill her like I didn't then
try to kill her
okay I now have my blue door boosts and
my regular Hunter Hunter's pistol -
because why not and now we are gonna try
this whole dodge Perry thing okay so I
wait until the enemy is striking and hit
him because it just seems like they
didn't get stunned at all my way seems
more efficient my what in my way I don't
waste bullets is there pressure to
finish blood-borne to keep up with our
release schedule is a question from the
shed the real question is do we need to
finish it in order to gauge our feelings
on the game I don't think we need to
100% completely well sure this review
will probably not be out on Friday oh
yeah I think yeah this will probably not
be out of Friday unfortunately there's a
lot of stuff happening I mean I want I
want to figure out this whole my whole
love/hate wave thing first okay and
because that that's really important to
me
or not I did enjoy playing it I honestly
have not figured out overall oh I'm sure
I'm not even close I'm still the first
tombstone okay like there's all those
different tombstones that say all those
different things and I'm still in the
first tombstone so it's I'm sure this is
a deep deep game you know ya know to
answer your question not even close
all right we're gonna try that we're
gonna try a bullet thing with this
monster you know what I'm gonna try
dodge bullet I was getting a decent
doing of fighting those older things I
don't get it I don't get the gun thing
which i think is a big deal the fact
that I don't get the gun thing I want to
say is a big deal it is a big deal yeah
apparently it's a huge part of this game
yeah and because I don't understand it
I'm you know I feel like I miss enough
I'm saying convince me that my slash
with the quick attack strategy isn't the
best and so far it's not it's not
working okay
you know the gun doesn't seem to do much
stunned and it's finally cuz I'm hitting
them at the wrong point
right fun what's the advantage what's
the advantage over just rolling and then
slashing you know doing a huge damage at
once it's probably better to use unlock
any base yeah yeah it's better and well
this is what I was saying with FTO or
it's like they're so there's like
there's a different boss strategy than
there is every day I have complicated
feelings okay I'm not saying no I yes I
have complicated feelings okay I see
this big slow grandpa
she didn't seem to be out
yeah and it's like it would have been
quicker for me just to dodge roll out of
the way and slash slash in that
situation I suppose okay come here oh oh
that's right you just hide in the woods
quit hiding in the woods
subscribing we really appreciate its
it's really true we do shop
what do you mean like the Perry shop oh
yeah okay okay I just did it correctly
okay I get it
maybe I get it is what I say right now
though I'm probably gonna completely
miss get get closer after the perry /
too far away as long as you follow me
okay think about like a grab after you
stun it right yep run right up next to
him
okay okay see I think I think Jack knows
that the Perry counter-attacked does
more damage I think Jack's concern is
that he loses more health trying to pull
off the Perry than it is to make it
worth it when he could just wet me all
the way and I'm over and over again and
dodge out of the way right I think I
think that's Jack Sperry being
completely ineffective sure sure
Matt I I would believe that I'm not
necessarily blaming the Perry it's it's
for me it's a question of efficiency
do you think attack me see I'm just
waiting for this thing to attack me when
I could be slashing it does look like a
bad lip in its current state yes I hope
everyone sees what just happened I was
trying to entice this monster to attack
me so I could use the fancy counter and
so I just kept like slashing and
slashing and slashing and eventually
just died because I kept trying to
entice it yeah why why do the monsters
wear blankets because because they want
to look cool like the monster from the
frighteners yeah whatever whatever
issues that movie has that Grim Reaper
oh my god they're like praying this is
so badass the monsters are like praying
to a mutilated corpse sweet yes
just gonna file into this little
stairwell here and I'm gonna burn off
down that that's my plan
I'm still waiting for the reveal that
you're really the boss room just
slaughtering people in a church come
into my narrow hallway all you monsters
oh that wasn't paying attention
come into my narrow hallway monsters
somebody is saying ring the beckoning
email in all caps
you know what I'll work on that as soon
as I don't die from these monsters you
should probably go back to the hunters
dream and not fuck around anymore oh my
god but but I'm here I'm here in this
area and I think I'd oh no there's still
one okay if you want to lose 5,000
I just got shit I think I just got the
last one but I'm I have 11,000 now I'm
so scared you deserved I know I want to
go in this area
you deserved rich there's like a glowy
thing over I don't care
run away and cash that shit in you'll be
unstoppable tank machine no there's like
a glowy altar thing rich there's like a
glowy altar thing over here and in a
mostly empty large room monster and kill
you know I fucking know I fucking know
the monsters are going to murder you and
you're gonna lose ten thousand blood
echoes eleven thousand Oh stupid oh god
oh god I want it I want it I want it so
bad Animas prime go fuck yourself why
how is he doing okay
oh I got a thing rocky I got a thing I'm
running away now I got a thing in I'm
running away it said blood ritual oh
fuck there's and there's another monster
okay
got you you're nothing monster run I see
you why are you just standing there
actually that creeps me out more than
anything is this monster you're standing
in the doorway you cashed those in and
you get all of that know you can always
get back to the altar ring the bell to
get healthier I already did it I just I
beat everybody I beat the whole thing
and I like I kind of want to move
forward it should be noted you're
playing an offline mode oh I also am
playing an offline mode because the all
the things popping up really annoyed me
all the time and I agreed
oh my god I just used the gun correctly
like two times you would be so proud of
it but did you get the you didn't get
the right Perry attack in yeah or no I
didn't special animation once once you
once you stagger them you run right up
next to them and you can use art to the
heavy attack the quick attack Oh use the
quick event yeah
oh I did that and it didn't do anything
we you probably weren't close enough I
was right next to I was close enough I
was close enough to hit them with the
are too thick be close enough to touch
them okay
like it's like a grep okay all right
okay all right I'm running I'm running
back to the thing now I'm now running
back to the thing rich okay 11600 blood
echoes that's it that's a shitload of
upgrades yeah I'm now running away do
you have to run past the minigun where
it's like if I would have run a little
bit further I might have been able to
get to the next the next candle if you
want to try
don't talk to me
I talked to mrs. ladypants
they're saying Jackie hunters master
thank you
yes
i priming I probably there's a ton of
items use use hunter mark to recall
instantly old hunters Mark awakened a
new without losing blood echoes what is
awakened a new mean start over at the
torch should be my guess sacrifice all
blood echoes and then there's hunter's
mark and that sacrifice all blood echoes
to awaken and knew I would you sacrifice
all your blood echoes to awake I don't
know I ran back it's fine ok I ran back
ok so yeah I can awaken a new probably
awakened at the last candle on with that
ok
alright I'm getting it I'd never done
that I just always run back to the
lantern that's it that's what I did the
entire last time when I was grinding it
ok it's just like you know kill all the
enemies and like make might make it into
a circle you know
alright hey lady I went pow welcome home
good hunter what is this oh it's not
that touchpad yeah
may you find your worth in the waking
world I'm saying I don't know without
even bothering to think about it first
which is wrong maybe because I mean I
can't bow doesn't matter you know what I
don't care what is it you desire to be
fair you're making the game grindy by
playing with sure but also you know
whether whether whether I'm running back
to the candle or using an item to get a
candle the grind is still there because
I that what I just did was in grinding
by the way this is leveling up like
normal but if I went through that entire
same thing again and then also went back
to the candle that's yeah that's a grind
choosing not to move forward and instead
raising numbers that's the grind this
what I just did was not grinding I don't
become your strength let me stand close
I love this creepy lady right that's me
stand close okay alright whatever why
are we raising here
oh I'm not this visit this is your
decision I'm not fucking your game on
right what do you like what do you like
leveling I mean vitality is always good
because it gives you a little more
health
i I like I have strength already super
leveled up my strength is at 17
highest number I like leveling up
endurance because that gives you a
longer green bar which means you can do
more of those quick little attacks that
I like to do so like I've been leveling
up endurance as a cheapness press the
left side of a touchpad
okay I'll bow to her when I'm done all
right let's see here let's see here
ran back for too long yeah but I get two
levels I think that's pretty good let's
see so I probably want to raise
endurance again here's what I'm gonna do
let's get out of here we're gonna raise
endurance and then I get one more level
that I get to raise
blood tinge and arcane are pretty weak
but I don't really care about them let's
see here Oh someone says I'm just stay
here and appreciate the color for a
second right there's blues there's
greens reds it's very nice all right and
then it's like do I want to go even one
more in strength what does that do you
can use stronger weapons oh you don't
have a weapon that needs it it's not
gonna do you much immediate good sure
no no bud like it'll give me a little it
gives me a little boost in defense and
it gives me a little boost in attack I
could go to vitality which will just
give me a sliver more health and skill
will give me slightly more attack and I
could do some defense
a lot of things that give me good
defense what did that do that gave me
more defense to more endurance all right
I'm going I'm going
what am I going you know what fucking
I'm going strength that's what I would
do all right
that's our strength and endurance it's
kind of a pendulum
why because I you know I'm sure the
other things have a purpose may you find
your worth in the waking world okay here
we go
here are jesters hunters and Salutation
okay I just found it to her and she
boughs back I bow to her and she bowed
back hunter what is it you desire
yeah well good hunter she bounced back
she bounced back yeah okay I'm gonna sit
down while she sit down - no she boughs
to me again let's let's express the joy
to her dad damn it do the hunters rally
do the hunters rally yes I can't wait to
see this
I'm sitting down now right uh-huh
Oh something it's the next thing you're
gonna do yeah is the first I get up and
then you'll see it okay okay
she's play kids me she's oh oh that's
nice
what a nice hunters right I'm gonna buy
more bullets you know what I'm gonna do
what you're going to do okay all right
what anybody else wants you to do and I
see people asking how far I've gotten in
the game and so you start this is how
far I've gotten in the game is all of
these names are checkpoints and
basically that's your progress so you
know you started in the first floor
sickroom and all of these checkpoints
are my progress so but this is just the
first gravestone there's this gravestone
there's this gravestone I fit yeah this
gravestone blood that looks like the
final gravestone and then there's all
these gravestones over here which I
think are like special challenges
because you need like special things to
get them so there is so much more shit
to do and I've played this game a lot
but I also like diet a lot okay I'm now
stronger I'm now I'm stronger so now
hopefully I can get back to that altar
area and go a little bit further and see
what happens because I think I'm getting
this whole this whole gun thing okay I
think at least with the larger enemies
it made sense the gun thing oh I can't
wait to see this special animation thing
you were talking about but um you saw it
once we're playing together and you said
what was that how did you do that oh
yeah I forgot about that was that shield
guy and I I parried him and then I
punched into his stomach
yeah that's that's what we're talking
about now okay I wonder if my sword
needs to be fully extended to do it I
don't think so
we'll just keep trying how about that
all right how about that I'll just keep
trying
all right back here I do look like the
Undertaker from WWE the way I understand
it there's only one shilling
I've read there's only one in the whole
game and you have it and you got early I
think this game unlike the Dark Souls
game this game is focused on
this is my strategy / / / I'm sure it
lowers my house okay first big guy Oh
previously recorded what do you think
about game exclusive exclusivity good
for business bad for game yeah I mean
you know it is what it is I don't know
it makes sense it gives you reason to
root for one console over the other
which is an inherently stupid thing to
begin with
everyone should root for multi-platform
instead of waiting to hear about the new
exclusive game should be waiting to hear
you know that it's going MultiPlan okay
more people get to enjoy this thing no
but from from a business perspective yes
I understand why they do it yes well and
not just like not just that but like
then that also breeds that also makes
for competition which hopefully
competition spars just a PC market Joe's
right
I mean steam is basically much
dominating PC gaming right sure
what are their prices like oh they're
great steam is the exception that proves
the rule you know there because there's
no other example like that in almost any
other business because who they are
millionaires who worked at Microsoft who
don't necessarily care about money
because they're millionaires who worked
at Microsoft once once Gabe is gone and
once somebody else buys out down yeah
watch those prices go up yeah yeah oh be
somebody else somebody else is gonna buy
it and then like three months later well
we had some new business practices that
are going to improve things for gamers
prices you're just gonna start going up
or making improvements to the the
quality of the service but it comes in a
cost yeah a great grade cost oh sure
sure but like I said because Gabe is who
he is
sure sure that's that's a fair argument
that metric can not be trusted
wait wait only he's dead or retired yes
we'll see what happens with bells in the
long run you might regret it
yes quite possible
he's Daddy Warbucks the old auntie
comics daddy warbucks fixed everything
with money
okay by the way I don't know if you saw
earlier if you were watching or reading
stat I did the special thing okay it's
pretty awesome did a lot of damage we're
proud to announce that Steve has been
bought by the globe UMAX corporation and
you can look forward to a host of quote
improvements
so many games on Steam now that we're
gonna require a 25-cent game activation
fee 25 cents to run that game isn't
cheap that's a great price it's gonna
happen it's gonna happen quite possible
reactivate that game first at ten
Bella's that cheap keep that on the
servers do reactivation fee and then the
25 cent active activation fee
I found an item that makes my weapon
light on fire
that's right
well that's right you're special they're
bitches on fire library at us that's
another possibility
but when Gabe is gone
expect these things to happen yes this
is it this is going
it's just a matter of when yes one and
they're gonna and and and insultingly
they're going to send as improvements to
the system oh yeah they always do
they're gonna spin the fuck
oh my god this whole lighting your
weapon on fire things gangbusters and
this is why I buy any game I can on
gog.com right
just download the executable save it to
a disk yours to do with
dr. scientist wants to know what our
favorite games were to play in our kids
time crisis the gun dude heck man
fucking Super Mario Brothers cuz that
was an arcade game before the nest was
out yes
paper boy paper boy paper boy
you sit like you're confused paper boy
just that confused just you know
oh there's more there's more of you
there's more
okay we're fine we're fine rich
everything's fine how are you I did
there's big I did the super badass I did
the super badass move which I felt great
about but then immediately got
surrounded by like three smaller dudes
okay okay
I did it I did it I did everything does
it go away after a while all right now
we're gonna see if we can move on now
we're gonna see if we can push forward
this is exciting
see now you know just talking about the
lows I mean I'm in a high right now yeah
because this I kind of love I don't know
I don't know what is this is the
furthest I've ever been I don't know
what is after this altar I don't know if
a giant monster is gonna pop out most
likely it's a giant monsters gonna pop
out this is exciting
I am I am legitimately excited till I go
through this little archway and just see
that's fine thing to be okay Jack is
doing way better at this than a Dark
Souls yeah Dark Souls when we stream
that that was literally the first
fucking time either of us have played
the game no no shit we were bad at it no
and not only bad but that was also that
was also like really early in us just
streaming in general yeah oh
a guy clinging to the side of the
building over there Ridge you know it
sounds like we didn't even like get how
to like game and talk at the same time I
still don't right and it you know like
it's something that has to be learned
and I've taken some time and I feel like
I've gotten better you know yeah
and so Dark Souls was very special
experience I I will say playing this
does make me want to play a little more
Dark Souls yes and see here's another
thing is oh oh great is like so this
area like up here is where the minigun
guy is he's up there and so you can go
through an area and then like double
back and unlock paths I so the next time
I go through this game I don't need to
go through that crazy corridor with all
the monsters cuz I okay I just unlocked
the door oh my god I almost fell down
the ladder I almost killed myself like
an idiot because now I'm like The
Specials gate which means I can get
around all of those monsters if I just
want to power through the one which is
really exciting and it just means these
lovers are huge cuz if you know it like
there's the one long loading screen yeah
but nothing there's no brakes there's no
level break in between the long loading
screens and therefore like for me those
loading screens are perfectly acceptable
because these levels are fucking
and all the monsters and all the LD
everything is everything
oh they were those creepy birdies big
spotted zebras just trying to bait us
into hating on the order some more but
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
take the bait anyway because why the
fuck
what
people talk about the atmosphere the
atmosphere is mostly just dry yeah
everything in that game is so fucking
dry yeah it's so straight and boring and
you know you're a knife with a machine
gun
that's not the most amazing concept ever
is it no no and you know what the order
had I think you know we counted there
was like there was there was nine
werewolves in the order right yes
the variety clusters of three in
clusters of three right there so there
are three segments of nine three
werewolves yeah the variety of monsters
in blood-borne is amazing and just when
you think you understand what their
monsters are gonna look like I
specifically haven't gone to an area
rich just cuz I don't want to spoil a
monster for you okay Jack I don't know
if we have problems with our audio but a
lot of people that we're barely audible
we are bad can't hear rich quiet quiet
our mod saying it
yeah my mom's how do we sound when a
game gets loud you can't hear you guys
we can't hear you guys at all when the
game gets loud yes okay alright hold on
I will go into my controls here
alright now the game is at its lowest
volumes in-game saying it's when it's
when we're in combat sure okay all right
that's that make sense
that makes sense oh my god because of
the burbs the oh okay
cuz of the birds I'm with you I've now
turned all those volumes down so
hopefully
now you might have a hard time hearing
it oh my god well they don't come here
to hear the game they come to hear us
yeah I don't care no listen that's what
I've turned the game down I'm just
letting them know but like right now
like I'm going through this like empty
corridor and there's no there's monster
okay I knew it if oh fuck fuck fuck they
were hiding they were hiding in the fog
rich the monsters were hiding in the fog
and I love that and it freaked me out
even though I knew they were there
master radio link down is it just me or
does your character look like it's made
of plastic your character gets covered
with gore yeah and the gore does not go
away okay so you're you look like you're
covered in plastic because that's
monster slime yeah you're covered in
monster slime I'm in the game it doesn't
fade away until I go to that to the to
the hunters dream I will continually get
covered in blood and slime and shit and
I love that your characters face does
look a little plastic I'll see if I can
get close enough to her face oh pardon I
tried to turn away in time I didn't get
there but um oh here wait here's a
pillar I think at the camera yeah you
know if you get a good look at your
characters face they're they're a little
plastic II yeah oh pardon me everybody
all right all right
Tiberius Kirk I already told Jack to use
the long version of his blade for crowds
he I really see a stubborn he a stubborn
it Oh werewolf oh god no werewolf okay
that's fine I can deal with the werewolf
so it's like here's the thing short
blade fast wing long blade slightly
slower swing and just the way this is
why you keep your distance right right
but the way I play is kind of get in
their face slashy slashy slashy jump out
of the way and so for my particular oh
there's two oh my god there's like three
werewolves multiple
rich and Jack I'm gonna say do you think
he would hate the order as much if you
had not played the game for seven hours
straight
no I benched aim all the time I'm a fan
of the no death run which means I I sit
there for seven hours I'm trying to beat
a game without dying right it wasn't the
length of time we played it at once
especially we're taking times - I'm very
I'm very sorry for just the just the
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
um okay no but I made it I made it and I
saw I saw the werewolf slow attack oh I
saw the werewolves like this is when
you're supposed to shoot me attack so
yeah so that's exciting
ooh a pungent blood cocktail that's a
new item what does that do punch into
blood cocktail thank you for subscribing
are you a mature blood cocktail thrown
to attract obese oh I you know what I
tried doing that once like attracting
beasts to the thing and it just didn't
work I'm being told to tell you that if
you hold down Oh while you go up a
ladder or down you move faster oh that's
good to know thank you that is very very
helpful oh my god which way oh my god
this is it this this is this is the part
of the game that I love and I'm really
happy that we got to like this section
yep because it's like you're exploring a
new area I am genuinely freaked out oh
I'm here at a gate thing oh I got blood
stone shards and you need those
bloodstone shards there's a gate I don't
want to open that gate yet those upgrade
weapons don't they are something else
yeah you need those to upgrade your
weapons you know you could have a
million
blood echoes and and it doesn't mean
shit and there are the bloodstone shards
are harder to come by there's a gate I
can open but I don't know if I want to
open it yet because you know that could
be danger and like I have 9,000 blood
echoes rich do you anticipate an Oscar
for your performance in space cop I
anticipate an Oscar Mayer wiener oh my
god it's right the Oscar Mayer
Wienermobile I tried the ask her why
Mayer Wienermobile was which is a
terrible hot dog I see you Oscar Mayer
wiener by the way this werewolf up here
thinks he's being sneaky but I saw him I
saw you dick I see you you're gonna drop
down and you're gonna try to be scary
but look I see you already just fucking
come down you collect more more vials or
bullets than you can hold yeah they go
back to storage in the drink I didn't
know that because I avoided close to
four oh yeah and you know usually like
like at a time like this I have 17 vials
and so like I'll just you know I'll pump
put my blood bullet yeah and then pump a
vial and then search your body but they
automatically go to storage that's
really great to know we usually recorded
live no I got a beast blood pellet Oh
what does a beast blood pellet oh my god
a giant medicinal pellet that grants
short-lived beast hood I think that
turns me into a beast try it out why'd
you get to you maybe need to get to a
boss I don't know I don't know
I mean I'm gonna try it out I'm gonna
okay I added it to my quick item thing
okay sorry go ahead
I'm sure we've talked about this before
somebody is asking us what we think of
Mystery Science Theater 3000 you can
start rich yeah my answer to that is I
have nothing at all against the program
I understand it as many fans and that's
that's a fine thing but it was always
kind of redundant please I was going to
watch a movie it was always going to be
able like J and Mike right and I was
like it was I I want I want to make my
own jokes with my own friends it was
always just kind of redundant
and in fact would get in the way of us
making our own jokes right and that was
always my that was always my problem too
with mystery I've only seen a couple
episodes of Mystery Science Theater 3000
and I was always really upset because
they kept talking during the movie where
it's like I get it like I get that's the
point of it but yeah I agree it's like I
want to make also by the way during that
werewolf just totally popped out of a
thing and it's great the shit out of me
that's fine but I want I beat him I just
wanna let you know that he legitimately
scared the shit out of me I need to
clean my chair dead dead machine
12:17 welcome to your first of our live
streams yes oh you're back see look at
this there's fog in this in this level
and they fucking hide behind the fog
like the dickens if they are
don't be a dick welcome welcome to our
live streams oh fuck there's some
werewolves in this level hey rich
doesn't that mean you're kind of calling
festival the worst fans losers for
watching the show what instead of doing
it with friends well it's not really
fair because you're not watching the
whole movie with best of the worst best
of the worst is is less about making
jokes during the movie than it is are
like reactions to it I think yeah and
and by the way some people want to make
jokes at movies and some people want to
watch other people make jokes I like to
think that was best of the worst you
actually might be able to discover
movies you hadn't heard about that you
could watch with your own friends that's
that's how I like to think of the best
of the worst yeah no and you know what
some people like we're not hating on
people who like Mystery Science Theater
it's just not our thing I'm just a bad
bad movies Mystery Science Theater is
just kind of redundant what well for us
yeah for us it is but like if you want
to like I think we have the same fan
base yep
Mystery Science Theater fans and us
people who want to like see clips of bad
movies and then have people make jokes
about them oh fuck
rich I've made it so far I've made it so
far and I have 12,000 blood echoes you
only got you only you got yet fewer
upgrades than I thought you would have
from that 10,000 slips fuck it oh no I'm
gay I'm going until I get to the next
I'm gonna try to make it to the next
save point okay that's my goal I gotta
go through that gate oh my god there's a
bridge
fucking love it love it here's another
another comparison between the order and
blood-borne no look at how much more
awesome these fucking werewolves look oh
my god just from a design standpoint
werewolf comparison alone and and
fighting them yeah
compared to kind of fighting them in the
order here's some effects am i covered
with blood nests yeah yeah just a quick
a quick pan around covered in blood no
no the hopefully we did a good enough
job explaining that the werewolf's in
the order did the exact same thing over
and over again where these were wolves
take tactics and skill and equipment to
be do you know and oh that's right I can
go in here oh my god let me just commend
also whoever did the sound design for
blood-borne cuz like I walk into this
this little area here where the werewolf
popped out though where will burst
through the door of this church looking
thing right yeah and I can hear a
monster breathing in my ear and it
freaks me the fuck out because I can't
see it you know like it's it's like a
small it's a it's a narrow archway and I
know there's a monster in here and I
just don't fucking know where it is you
know people were complaining about the
lack of music yeah but with music you
wouldn't have that you know you hear the
breath I see him I can see here around
the corner
it's another fucking werewolf Oh what
are you oh fuck you still got me a
little goblin guy
get out of here goblin guy
he was a Springer there there are some
jumpies they had they have some some
jump scares some jumpy enemies in the
game which overall because the toning
the tone is good enough on its own this
game makes me not want to run are you
okay
I don't don't you don't sound okay Isis
and him I could hear him and so I dove
into the room like I rolled into the
room and found him and got him before he
jumped it before he could jump out and
scare me
and so I feel good if is that what was
the last time you saw a fucking torch
oh they there a while like torches are
few and fucking false wings Jesus fuck
yeah no this is versus this is real this
is it's fucking real challenge so is
there magic in this game I don't think
you have magic attacks in this game oh
great I just opened up another another
route no so well so far so far we do not
have magic attacks
there's gun a little more fire paper
that fire paper was awesome and also
like okay so I just discovered like this
whole this whole side thing in the tower
it opened up a new path so now I can get
to this area quicker but also like it
was it's not moving forward it's just
part this tower is just part of the
level okay and there's a little there's
a little treat at the top of it a fire
paper but the fire paper will be very
important well the fire papers are a
really good item I used it earlier when
I was fighting all of the dudes in the
altar room oh that would make your
weapon yeah it makes your weapon light
on fire which is great but it's just
like also the the point is these levels
are huge when you know the the load
point is at the beginning does it just
feel that way because you you progress
slowly out of caution and there aren't
many safe points I also think the levels
are huge okay it could be it really
could be you know I'll believe that i
100% believe that it's also it's it's
it's some psychological but also it's
just big I think where is that gate now
there's a police or Queen Queen Queen
nope no contest also I don't know if
we've discussed the kind of goofy
ragdoll physics but right now I'm
messing around with the werewolf it's
kind of silly yeah it's kind of silly so
he wants me to ask you if you've ever
purchased the lantern they think it
comes in handy I did not purchase the
lantern okay the lantern I don't even
know what the lantern does I've read the
description and I didn't quite
understand it and it's a
just like yeah okay okay it's a the
lantern is a 10,000 blood echo item in
the in the pool oh my god god damn it
I'm gonna open the gate I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna open the gate I'm gonna do it
this there's probably something here
hold on I need to steal my nerves you do
that get ready for your impending death
this is gonna this feels like a this
feels like a boss area I've made it far
enough where this feels like a boss area
what do I have you hope oh I have for
the Beast blood pellet and I haven't
used any I'm saving up for a boss okay
I'm opening the gate
oh damn it the gate doesn't open from
this side all right well now I need to
find the way to go apparently I went a
wrong way I'm just waiting for the
Whammy to take away your blood echoes I
know no I don't think that's what I'm
waiting for
do I need to fight that dude with the
with the with the machine gun I didn't
fight him probably I don't want to fight
him well suck it up
have I been through here I don't want to
run kissing that fucking enemy pops out
at me
okay that takes me up there alright
alright I'm remembering I'm remembering
where I am the the Atlanta negates
torches it lights the surrounding area
without sacrificing your right hand sure
but so far I haven't needed it I haven't
even needed a torch so well I can't
imagine that sports be handy for setting
things on fire you might be making
unwise decision with the torch by not
using the torch like you know you had
the the fire weapon and that was really
cool yeah I think the torch might be
like a somewhat weaker version of that
all the time wave it in somebody's face
and they catch on fire and possibly do I
have to fight that's that's my
imaginings but what do I know
yeah I can only assume that I have to
fight this grotesque thing that's
sitting in the middle of the altar room
I don't know how the fuck am I supposed
to know I haven't played the goddamn
game oh is this am I here that I'm dummy
fucking player you figure this shit out
I am oh no I'm right now I'm I'm not
asking for help I'm walking you through
my thought process so I guess one the
settle down I'm back I'm back in the
altar room where I fought all the dudes
or as Henry says at the end of No More
Heroes you're the protagonist
I'm just the cool handsome foil
yeah you're totally gonna fight that
thing hanging from ceiling yeah yeah I
just need to figure out how to get there
there's probably a way to get there Oh
Paul Superman and I misread what you
said I thought it was really cool but
but now I don't
okay he said is this steampunk I thought
he said this this dream is punk all
right we're Punk
this is steampunk
because it's obviously not steampunk I
think people were upset at us before
calling the order steampunk we we didn't
we discussed it and I said I don't
really think it is right we said it was
like steampunk yeah yeah oh there's the
thing about this this isn't even this
isn't even like steampunk this is just
gothic II right there is something over
here there's a secret item in the
rafters steampunk requires contraptions
and you know steam-powered stuff how do
I get to the secret item rich figure it
out I'm working on it
figure it out oh there's two items over
here subscriber I missed time to eat
rooms uh thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we do
yeah see over here is that is the dude
with the machine gun and I don't oh you
know what I haven't been over here this
is team Punk this is not steampunk all
Superman this is not where is the steam
it
the the the modern technology as as made
in the 1800's is a vital aspect of
empire which this is completely lacking
you need like a car with a giant steam
engine on the back or some kind of
clockwork robot
maybe that's steampunk hmm this is this
is not bad this is just gothic yeah it's
not even especially Victoria it's just
gothic right it has none of basically
basically this has none of the
ingredients of steampunk there's a
ladder over here but that dickhead with
the machine gun is over I almost died
two birds by the way you need to go back
down and take the spiral staircase there
was a spiral stair okay I'm going back
down I don't like it up here because
I'll go back down and near the spiral
staircase okay I'm going I'm going Jen
I'm listening to you

[Part III]
into you I don't want to be even by that
dickheaded with the machine-gun anymore
here the spiral staircase well I don't
think the chat understands what
steampunk is they really don't think
anymore they they see anything I think
people see anything old-time you know
and because steampunk was recently a
thing they just see good steampunk mm no
that's not true no no steampunk as a as
a steamy aesthetic to it oh okay I
remember that rich what is your double
you had about me my my my WC hat that
I'm always wearing that's uh from a
independent league baseball team that
back when I was still in the Chicago
area they used to play like five minutes
from my house I went to games all the
time
the Windy City Thunderbolts yes rich is
a fan of minor-league baseball
I am it's fun to go to minor-league game
specifically because you get a great
seats cheap it's not like you're
watching it from the mountaintop right
you're sometimes close enough to hear
what fuck people on the field are saying
I was sitting close enough once we were
we were heckling a guy on the other team
and he he definitely heard it because he
just turned around and glared at me okay
I'm now near the spire but you know I
was I was being a baseball troll so that
that just kind of made me smile you did
your job I did my job yes
I see there's a lantern over here but I
can't open that door you know like
they're very good in this game about
like use of light you know like if you
see a bright light usually it means
something I thought the Chicago White
Sox for Chicago's minor-league team well
you know the White Sox have won a World
Series like within the last decade
unlike the Cubs who haven't won a World
Series in the last century so I think we
know who the real minor-league team in
Chicago is you would think this would
lead somewhere Oh oh it does Oh oh I'm a
big dumb dummy thank you okay all right
this looks ominous all right all right
all right I'm scared I'm back to being
scared I found where he should be
oh okay I'm about to hit a boss area
because I did a little even though I'm
an offline only mode a note came up I'm
in offline mode and the note was like
hey heads up heads up dickweed this is
about to get real I might lose 12,000
blood echoes yes Chad I am confirmed for
South Sider South Side South Sider so
Satan's
this isn't like apple cider jack you
sell SATA that's that's New York
we're Boston buzz
what are you doing over South Sider the
South Sider I ran into fire rich I know
you're in here
my job is to kill oh yeah
there is a giant thing that's about to
happen I'm sure rich and I just want to
prepare you I want to prepare everyone
for me you know possibly screaming like
a little girl
or just being very silent while I
concentrate that's more likely I kind of
want to use the Beast blood pellet okay
yeah there's the thing here's the thing
there's a thing at the end of this
hallway this is creepy as shit
and what else do I have
oh I don't oh I have finer paper okay
I'm probably gonna need my fire paper
what is that monster the southside of
Chicago is the working-class side of
Chicago and the the north side is the
snooty jerk ass side is the north side
this dude a jerk a side yes oh my god
kind of kind of made of delusional -
especially when it comes to the other
cops yeah every year they think they're
gonna do it century there's been there's
been over 100 World Series between now
and the last time it comes o over 100
that's that's counting the strike gear
where they didn't have one
that's a long drop yeah
I know I'm not using my gun because I'm
still not really comfortable with it and
I don't know this guy's attacks yet so I
don't know when I don't know what the
slow attack is versus the not slow
attack oh you fucking kill me
dov'è says rich all the steroids in the
world couldn't help the Cubs that's
right just ask sammy sosa hmm
steroids and bad steroids in what quark
bad quarks been oh did he really yeah
you got caught with a quark bat what a
dickhead what a dick in which which is
stupid because not only is it legal I've
I've heard that it doesn't even work
it's just a myth I believe that it
actually makes you hit worse because it
makes the bat weaker oh that drew yeah
this is what I've heard that's
Nadia's way behind him mr. Shia miles
says I actually did rather well for my
first time fighting that monster well
thank the theory with the quark bad for
people asking in the chat is that it it
makes the bat a little bit lighter and
you could in theory swing it faster yeah
but but I believe actually the fact that
the bats a little bit hollow ultimately
hurts your power that would make sense
yes yeah I'm gonna use one of my little
and and if you use one there they're
more fragile so it just needs to break
once and you're embarrassed as fuck yeah
I think you'd have to be some kind of
idiot so here's the super great thing
about this game is because I spent all
that time kind of walking around and
exploring now my path to that big boss
is there's a lot easier I'm already at
the spiral staircase I think I have some
werewolves to fight did you lose those
twelve thousand yeah you know what Big
Damn sorry oh no you know what that
happens and if I want if I beat the big
guy this time I get them all back okay
you probably should I mean this isn't
just not gonna happen
no no it's not gonna happen but I'm just
gonna write back I'm a dream to try to
fight him again I'm gonna try to find
monstro again who that creep yes look at
that spider thing it runs away from you
which makes me want to hit it more oh my
god he has three bloodstone yards oh my
god
well I needed those things are hard to
come by I know this is very dark souls
now now that I've been here once you
know it has the nightmare fog collecting
dudas his white quark you bat when there
are steroids
well didn't stop sammy sosa he did both
what do we think of medical marijuana I
don't give a shit look I'm not a user
III what I call it straight edge is yeah
yeah you're a straight edge as they come
I'm not I'm not like preachy about it
just personally I'm uncomfortable with
anything that's going to alter my brain
right in any way shape or form the whole
idea just makes me squeamish you know
but I I've always figured that if
alcohols gonna be legal I don't I don't
know that there's a really good reason
that marijuana should do yeah
so as a non-user I actually fully
support legalization
what's wrong with your face
thank you we're gonna subscribe it we
really appreciate it
it's true we do I'm using a blood beast
palette I don't think it did anything
there's nothing it did anything I know I
don't drink
and I don't get uptight when people
around me do which is it's just not
something I do right
oh my god I just did the super counter
to the thing oh my god oh my god I got
so excited by the super counter that yes
I I have her Penn Jillette is the same
way two drunks who doesn't drink or what
not either all right keep losing click
on
what cjr 201 he says oh my god jack what
I'm trying I'm trying to fight the guy
did you did you die yeah I mean of
course yeah of course I did I did I got
I got yours your echoes back I see that
I did get my found my echoes you know I
dropped my echo so I picked him up so
now the echo should be there again
because I picked him up again
yes but I got a I got very excitable
because I got um I got a counter on him
mm-hmm
I got a counter and so I was I was I
kept trying to get a counter again and I
just I I lost it I lost it that's all
right that's all right that's all right
you know what we're gonna try again we
can get there relatively fast with with
few fights I don't even think I need to
fight this dude go right past him
Oreo Speedwagon though does says he was
proud of you for countering him yeah
thanks I I'm legit working on it that is
a thing I'm I'm trying to get good as
the kids say and and for the record you
know there is still a blanket tight
around my head holding on my my
headphones I had loved that that is
still a thing that is happening there's
no why is there a I mean I needed to
grab something to tie it on with and you
only have a blanket that's the way you
see if someone there knows what the
blood beast palette does cuz I don't
think it did anything what what well I'm
saying you you read okay the chat okay
and see if you can find out if it does
anything just use tape rips yeah yeah I
want to hold on to what little hair I
have
monster Jack that last fight you were
poisoned who should equip antidotes and
paste that happens oh oh he does like a
dash attack and it makes you like lose
your walk
but the blood beast poet summons the
knight beast summons the knight peace
blood this gives you a free ride to
space mama you dick what what beast
increases the debt increases damage the
more you do hits the more you do hit I'm
assuming every hit you get you damage
goes out this is what that sounds like -
okay oh fuck oh oh I'm poisoned okay
oh I get okay blood these pull up
increases your damage but reduces your
defense Oh
Oh oh my god how to out the poison oh
okay okay okay what do you think of the
circumcision it sounds stupid
like most religious practices joke on my
water at sorry I didn't think we'd get
into circumcision tonight okay mr. shy
smile I see now I see now about the the
poison thing oh pardon me everybody also
how about that Indiana hmm good for them
Oh God did you see today the guy the
governor started back steps why the law
huh they're gonna clarify the law
started back seven it's like fuckin Mass
Effect 3 all over again no this is a
terrible idea you have to change well
we're gonna clarify it more yeah cuz
that works
okay hmm all right I have antidote
equipped now antidote ready to go I need
to do this soon because or else I need
to I'll need to go through the level
again to look for blood urns because I
only have five blood urns left I think I
can take him with five blood urns but
anything less than that and it's gonna
be tough just cuz I have a werewolf to
fight in between you know that's the
real thing
rich honest question do you hate all
religion no I don't hate on religion
like my fiance goes to church I don't
hate all religion but I do believe we'd
be better off without anything
I know honest I honestly believe as a
species we'd be we'd be better off
without it but I don't know I don't
think it's going anywhere anytime soon I
don't think it's all harmful but I don't
know that it's ever really especially
beneficial either so it's just kind of
useless at best yeah I know sorry
useless and bad useless at best I think
that's fair and you know more
importantly is you know like I think as
I've stated before where it's like if
you're not doing anything to anyone else
you you get to do whatever the hell you
want that's the great thing about
America in general yeah is you know
you're not you're not messing with my
Dingle I won't I won't mess with your
dangle that's how it works all right I
have the antidote I'm going you useless
at best at worst you kill a bunch of
people because they they drew your idols
no I think I think the cons outweigh the
pluses with religion but
okay got my blood I goes back
there's this thing and it makes me lose
my lock and I hate that
you just kill people - I'm sure they do
look I'm not I'm not endorsing any
religion over the other I'm here saying
I wish it was all gone all of it yes yes
not the right time to use again not the
right time to use the gun trying to
remember the full quote I just wouldn't
remember the end of the quote is but but
you need religion to get a good person
to do bad things
religion serves a purpose is it acts as
a kind of philosophy for the masses you
can still have philosophy without
religion yeah yeah you can by the way if
you got rid of the religion part of it
you know you would have you just have
really good stories you would have you
would just you would have moral tales
yeah
morality tales what do I see there I I
don't think you need religion for
morality at all because don't just I
have I have never been a strong believer
you know when I was a kid the family was
religious and I want the church but from
the moment I could think I kind of
started almost immediately dismissing
the concepts yeah and you've seen me
jack
I will go out of my way not to swat a
fly that's in the room which is weird
enough grab a cup and a piece of paper
and I will trap the flying to come and
bring it outside you know I don't need
morality for religion right hold on we
missed a subscriber darkstorm
forty or morality I said that backwards
completely ruined what I was saying
idiot you know what I mean god damn it
rich is on the thing right now just do
anything right now
someone put someone pushed the right
button tonight
doop doop doop do that I do that with
not as odd as your slowly pouring see I
think it's an atheist that that actually
makes me more more sensitive to the
suffering of others because when
somebody dies when something dies no it
doesn't go to a magical place where it's
happy forever and ever right it's gone I
think I think it makes life and
respecting life all that much more
meaningful when you're not a believer I
agree
by the way that doesn't help me I need
to farm I need to farm I don't
necessarily want to farm we're gonna
give this guy one more try I ran out of
I ran out of make your sword go on fire
paper
which hurts krieger 783 says religion is
still evolving let's not pretend like
it's a thing that is said and done it's
it's evolving but the way it's evolving
is that it's getting weaker I mean there
there are less believers there are less
fundamentalist which less fundamentalist
that's always a good thing
fundamentalist anything you take any
philosophy to it to its extreme I think
you're gonna end up the problems we were
just religious or not yes yes
extremes are bad yes you you you fight
that monster Jack like fighting I got my
I got my blood echoes back that's all
that really matters rich rich what do
you think of Pig fucking is is it
consensual for the pig because because
if it is kind of disgusting but I don't
give a shit Pig can't an animal can't
consent second floor second floor
I think I got really liked I think he
actually glitched out Stalin was godless
too yes as I said any any any form of
extremism political or religious usually
leads to bad things Stalin was godless
and Hitler was a Christian look the
far-left lead you to Stalin the
far-right leads you to Hitler you're
you're fucked either way fuck fuck fuck
fuck okay okay here's the thing I hate
your quick your quick selection thing I
clicked the wrong button in the quick
selection thing and couldn't use my
antidote because I kept clicking to the
different things
shadowy elite 5 says rich I'm a
scientist
I don't hate religion I think we can all
agree that it's stupidness of the people
that is the issue not not the religion
in general yeah but without without the
religion you you get rid of a lot of the
excuse making for stupidity
you you you take out the stupid reasons
to not not teach science and schools
yeah yeah suddenly suddenly because my
book says so is is not not a reason to
be stupid
I said my fiancee goes Church for church
does lots of good things for people I'm
not I'm not trying to sound like I hate
all religion I I I definitely do hate in
fact yeah fundamentalist you said
fundamentalists are terrible explicitly
that you don't hate yeah okay so by the
way if I go into the hunters dream now
if I go into the hunters dream I lose my
drops blood echoes right
what so I died yeah and you know my
blood echoes are now dropped in the
chamber with a giant beast yeah that's
that's your first prayer listen listen
to me so if I saw that I'm back at the
lantern right yeah and if I go into the
hunters dream to like you know get more
health potions I lose the option to pick
up my dropped blood echoes if you use
health potions oh if you go to pick more
up if I know no if I go into the hunters
dream the hunters dream is the place we
know where you can level up it I don't
know I would assume yes is there anyone
can you leave that room once you're in
could you grab the blood echoes leave
and then go to the hunters realm I don't
believe so
go vote right try try going into the
room grab the essence then use that that
hunters mask and see if that will do the
trick
oh I would I would do that before I try
to go to the hunters room first
sure yeah my my issue is I'm all I'm all
out of health potions well mister shy
smile says no your money will still be
there Jack echoes will still be there
but the only way to ever get the echos
oh okay but they will still be there I'm
saying this this could be resistance
resistance mr. shine smile is a mod so
I'm at Gabby's we only trust the mods we
don't trust anybody else okay no and you
know what everybody else is saying that
they'll be there as long as I don't
died okay okay so then I'm going into
the hunters dream so I can stock up on
health potions and stuff as long as you
don't die I'll have to sell stone oh no
I have health potions in my inventory
okay okay which is right
wait which is right about what Bruce is
right about you guys fucking with me I
don't know
mailman Tommy thank you for subscribing
all right no I know how it's right
picking it up and using the mask first
better safe than sorry though you might
die before you pick it up about the
potions that's what I'm worried about
and so it's like I want to go people are
saying I'm right now you're right about
what this person
mr. shy smile even took it back so wait
don't go into the hunters dream don't go
into the hunters dream don't go into the
hunters dream
you already did didn't you no no I did
not okay
okay I so I I will lose my echos okay
yes you guys okay alright well so yeah
this is why why are the Nazis not
left-wing no because they are they were
the corporate fascist industry I don't
think the Nazis socialist in name only I
think why are we going down this path
isn't there something more fun we can
talk about also okay blood final great
if I can just grab a couple blood vials
I think I can do better fighting mr.
monster oh oh I can use the mask rich is
right you can use the masks to jump out
of the room yes I know the Nazis were
they call themselves the National
Socialists but but but how many how many
dictators you know call themselves
democracy the People's Democratic
Republic of China would like to have a
word with you nice rich excellent
example
excellent example leads okay I have one
health potion one half potion will at
least get me in there I'll equip a mask
thingy Deeley all right like quick Bowl
doctor's mask awakened a new without
losing blood echoes okay great yeah cuz
then I'll grab those blood echoes do a
quick level up and then and then go
fight okay alright okay we have a plan
oh good good we have a plan I have the
bold hunter's mask equipped it is a
button press away grab the deals go to
the things I'm confusing it with the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
that's that's quite sure either way
steps
fight one way of so many blood stone
shards by the way this werewolf give me
one I almost want to farm this werewolf
he gives me one bloodstone shard every
single time what well well I know that
with amended knocks being back in the
the news it's it's certainly not Italy
what I would love to go to Japan I think
Japan Japan is so is so different that I
would love to go to Japan that's on my
list and I've been some weird places but
Japan what I think would be great if I
were to go anywhere any foreign country
hey I know English is pretty common so
it's for the most part not an issue
everybody and I'd like to have some kind
of ease of communicating with locals and
whatnot sure
get that over here right maybe like
Britain England er Ireland or something
oh it takes a while to to reawaken so I
need to like hide from the monster while
I really cool previously recorded live
is not previously recorded
congratulations you get the joke man
really that's great that's great
um okay great now I can go to hundreds
about doing it also Australia I would
love to go to Australia
wouldn't you think sure sure I'm not I'm
not big on travel and vacations what sit
down and maybe maybe catch up on some TV
shows you crazy that's crazy
no it's it's a some Mount Rushmore once
I got there I was like big fucking deal
well yeah there's a tiny heads and rocks
it's much smaller than you think it is
but like you know you go someplace and
you see castles or you go someplace and
you get to feed a jeraf it's ooh it's
it's experience about some dirty old
castle life experiences is what you
should care about okay let's see what
can happen here
oh that's why so by the way so I've
upgraded my soft spear so much now that
I need something called a twin
bloodstone in order to upgrade it
anymore okay
I can't use those but I have a million
bazillion bloodstone shards to upgrade
my pistols so that's really nice indeed
so I will upgrade my pistol and my
blunderbuss I should probably should go
to any place or time where would you go
mmm-hmm now I don't I don't like that I
don't like place for time just because
it's like these nothing that's not gonna
happen
as never okay fine wait I'm sorry wait
wait have fun yeah no you're right that
was that was a killjoy
that was killjoy with me not the Roman
Empire I'd be curious to visit Rome at
its height now yep
maybe I don't know wouldn't want to see
a dinosaur any any place your time I
wouldn't want to know you know oh yes
thank you mister try a smile I know I
have a cold blood do so I don't need to
sell any items you're correct the big
bang you get you get to go back a time
and CSUN since nothing went out without
affecting future events
sure one to watch I wouldn't want to be
on the planet when it happened but the
formation of the moon that would be
fuckin badass yeah you do know what the
story behind it is how science thinks
the moon was formed yeah a planet bashed
into Earth something about the size of
Mars yeah and and the resulting crash
created the moon they say they crashed
into each other and the moon got caught
in the gravitational pull created by the
smash yes you could go to the future in
this scenario - yes yeah okay you know
what I would do that I would love to see
what's what's gonna happen later to see
beyond my years
would be awesome what if it was really
depressing well I mean and then you
would know then you know what just to
end it now because it's never gonna get
any credit what if what if what if what
if World War 3 happens shortly after you
died
you know if we'll three happen shortly
after I died no I I think I think my
opinion on that would be good timing
right more health what do I do here I
can I can basically upgrade two things
and actually you know what I could
probably do my cold blood to it I might
be able to upgrade three things Thank
You creepy lady I will try to find my
words in the waking world
kilroy mix spunk says where he would
like to go yeah see if just equality
1969 and welcome Neil Armstrong and for
you Kilroy mix bunk would you dress up
like a moon man would you dress up like
the bear what outfit would you wear
that's it Mike and I don't hear like
assuming you know you can be on the moon
without any special devices right
because this is a brave yeah I would I
would wear a suit I would not wear like
a like an aluminum foil suit I would
just wear a really nice suit because I
think that would freak them out the most
it's just wearing normal clothes you
know like I would look nice because you
know you're meeting Neil Armstrong and
Buzz Aldrin like near you know these are
these are important people so it's going
too far to be wearing like an obviously
fake rubber alien no I'm just saying for
me personally because I would want them
totally bugged out you know you wouldn't
want to dress up like a gorilla
interrupted alien no because I think
like they would see the costume right
away inspect why are you wearing a cost
okay I can now upgrade three things rich
okay Killroy mix bunk says he dressed up
like a Russian and say B jeah that's
great well you know that could be
dangerous cuz then then you know like
Buzz Aldrin might beat you to death and
bury your body under some moon rocks I
think you're taking your life in your
hands dressing up cosmonaut there that's
really funny okay rich I have some
decisions to make and I need you to talk
talk through them with me so I have
three upgrades to make okay people talk
about things they'd like to change nah
man this is that's not that's not the
point this is just what would you like
division rich if I could affect the
outcome of things I would go back into
the past and give myself winning lottery
numbers sure that's the last fun
discussion yes I agree I agree saying
resistance tell him to fuck off Jack
says fuck off I could if I if I level up
all of my endurance it it bolsters my
defense it bolsters poison resistance it
poisons it bolsters rapid poison
resistance right or I could use all
three points and upgrade vitality three
times and I get a bigger health bar and
more defense all right put it all in
strength and I get stronger and more
defence I don't know right
right I don't know either 40-foot
walruses vitality is always a pretty
safe bet otherwise upgrade strength yeah
or skill based on what your weapon of
choice skills with best yeah like I I
spent some time upgrading some skill to
get that that revolver that I'm not
using anymore yeah and so I get my
skills fine so I'm gonna put two points
in strength and one point in endurance
which bolsters my defense bolsters my
poison resistance ups my attack and ups
my stamina in general ok telegin wants
to know who my favorite dictator is any
of the dead ones
okay all right okay I'm doing this to in
strength wanted endurance is what I did
okay okay so now what items doing we
don't need the masks anymore mole tops
multiple cocktails lots and lots of
multiple cocktails
that's all we need all the balls and
danced oh great the workshop we were a
pair
yo god yeah the saw needs to be repaired
great great saw is repaired
we can't four to five but I got some
more blood Jim yeah I know you just beat
that boss Jack I'm that's all I'm
working on is beating that boss and so I
actually I had a I had a gem affixed to
my gun that I think would better serve
my blade ups the attack of the blade and
boosts rally potential and I don't
necessarily know what that means but oh
there's a gem that reduces stamina cost
trying to take one point a two-cent
attack yeah well I just want a regular
attack okay great okay great now I'm
ready to feed that boss I that's my goal
for tonight what time is it
it's 11:30 yeah I can do this I can do
this so my goal for tonight is just to
beat this boss
one more any other after this I'm
getting something to eat
okay after this after this failed
attempt hey now it's really quite
possible actually you know what but I'm
gonna untie my blanket I need to go
preheat my oven
okay I'm gonna untie my blanket and take
my headset off no yeah why are you know
that well it did do something for my
kind it made my gun I was using that
weapon I was using that gem for my gun
because it made my guns attack more
powerful so I figured I would use my gun
more and I just never did it was a it
was a silly thing it was a silly thing
now the gem that boosts attack is on my
main weapon which I use more the time
baby is fine Hayden is oh listen figure
in it out
actually let's change this so that
here's what we're gonna do we're gonna
be smart about this we tie this blanket
to my head no I just want to press the
wrong place
right I'm failing I'm failing okay okay
now I have to button okay great
quick great here we go here we go here
we go here we go here we go here we go
here we go here we go here we go here we
go here we go so now there we go so the
idea behind that jet is I removed
everything unnecessary from my quick
select item menu so now I only have
antidotes and multiply tails so I won't
run into the problem I ran into last
time with all of the fumbling with my
quick selects menu okay that's the idea
anyway
see if I can beat this guy maybe he has
a blood thing with him check you can
hear me by the way right I can't thank
you can you you ain't I assume all so
you can hear me yeah yay I like it when
we hear each other I think it makes this
dream go a lot smoother like one more
earn one more blood earn dealy-bob
someone imagines I look like Quaid and
Total Recall right well you got to
remember this is not a towel this is a
blanket so there's a a long trail of
blanket material hanging down behind my
chair and a headset mic peeking up from
somewhere in this mess right great great
quickly we are good to go we are ready
to face the boss man ready to do it I'm
feeling I'm feeling good feeling good
feeling happy feeling great
I didn't tweet that we were doing this I
was really trying to get back I need to
remember to tweet when we stream a bit
late now
so we tweet them or a tweet that we're
almost done streaming what's one of
those things because like I told myself
today that I was really gonna remember
you know okay you usually forget let's
how does it not automatically do it when
we start a stream or no remote we turned
that feature off because we were happy
with dropping stream so often
mother mother
drone fighter
I've taken the weak man's way out of
this
that's fine why don't you find a way out
of this that's see that's that's my
justification I'm using the pillars to
kind of like hide from him you just need
to survive all the matters right
but when I use the pillars my lock on
hang back and use them all tubs until
you're out I want to save the maltose
for the second form oh there's a second
form oh my god
which hasn't been paid no I've been
paying attention to the chat you're
welcome right he is a third form I'm
sure I'm sure he has a third form okay
but I got to the second format time and
then and then I failed miserably but
that's okay what do you want to what
what do you want to I mean I want to I
want to beat this guy tonight okay
okay I don't know if it's gonna happen
we're gonna give it a couple more tries
we're gonna give it a couple more tries
why doesn't everybody care what I'm
cooking in the oven because he made a
thing about it mom I'm keeping that
secret it's certainly not a hitchhiker
severed head oh I don't know if anyone
thought it was but oh well good good
forget I said it's fine everything's
fine
I'm killing that guy because I want to
see if anything pops out of him by the
way cuz I'm like I used I used three
blood vials that time so if I can exact
guy drops the blood drop two blood vial
for me so that's good one of the things
if you if you level up it ups the chance
of enemies dropping an item after you
kill them okay just going right into it
right back into it back into it
someone's screaming at me it's fine
patch says you don't see too many
hitchhikers anymore what gives
well you certainly don't see too many
around here
I mean genius what what is nothing
fuck
fucking wicked attacks
fucking wicked you know I used to live
half a mile away from the the insane
asylum yeah
there was actually a nut house nearby
where I grew up okay
and always always eerie seeing the
science it said do not pick up
hitchhikers when you got close to the it
say sure I would imagine that do not do
not do you know where you are right now
okay I have kind of the cheapest tactic
and it's kind of working fucking lock on
rich any advice for someone undergoing a
penis reduction why why good god man
it was working
buck buck buck buck buck buck buck buck
buck buck buck buck buck buck buck
fuck fuck when you use an item it makes
you walk slower and so I got poison so I
used an antidote but fucking Mario Mario
I couldn't lock on it kept unlocking me
I know to lock on to the enemy but I
couldn't it unlocked me automatically
because of my cheap ass tactic of
walking around that that altar thing so
once more into the breach yeah
do you have enough Molotov cocktails to
make this work yeah I mean the most self
cocktails aren't even working you know
is you have any oil I have an oil but he
moves too fast I'm not even hitting him
with the cocktails is the issue we
should wait until right after he does a
big attack well I listen I know when I
should do it but usually after a big
attack I'm too busy healing myself to
throw a Molotov cocktail at him maybe
you need to jump out of the way in the
big attack oh no always animal I have to
do of course
you make it seem as if I don't know to
do that or or Jack yeah when is the big
attack yeah maybe use the blunderbuss Oh
apparently my reflexes are not quick
enough to do that this is just the thing
oh look BAM the blunderbuss and you're
bound to get it right listen I know what
to do the question is doing it or the
problem is doing
just scream at the wall here just screen
at the wall thing great got some files
yeah listen I know what to do the
problem is he has he has one major
attack where he kind of scrapes his hand
against the floor yeah right yeah that
and when he does that the blunderbuss
does nothing okay no affect his other
attacks are too fast like he doesn't
have his like slow down attack okay no
and you're right flush you patch I need
to wait until it says X and then push X
you okay
this is preferable to that yeah oh this
is telling me when I need to hit the
counter-attack button this skill
involved is hard but that's not
necessarily a bad thing no no this is a
this is a challenge that
jab I try and change it up a tactic a
little bit in here you pissed off plenty
ninja gaiden if nothing would everything
we're just nothing but button drops
it's like fucking bird one and that was
awful
but you fuck you
I'm lying it like mic my lock-on keeps
jumping off of them too which is just
something that's pissing me off I think
that has to do a distance
no no cuz like there are some times
where he's closed maybe just maybe it's
a line-of-sight thing it could be align
us that yeah it could be a mixture I'm
not I'm not saying it's a broken game
thing I'm saying it's something that's
happening and I'm upset about it
my new tactic is just like one strike
and run one strike and run one strike
somebody's is rolling towards the enemy
is a better idea not away okay maybe
you're close to getting some strikes
after the roller you say tactic do you
consider
oh I thought they meant rolled towards
him after I hate him huh q how did you
even hit me there okay here we go
now we're getting to the real stuff
how possible this is somebody else's
saying Jackie need to stay behind him
stay behind him I am just reading I'm
rose I know I know I know I'm trying to
figure it out run run run
background fuck breath
oh please it god fucking octave J says
eat plant which I don't even know what
the fuck that means I think reference
thank you like a.j I'm just well I just
watched you throw a Molotov cocktail
right into a pillar and you knew that's
what was going to happen but apparently
you chose to do that anyway listen
listen he was moving if you notice he
was moving out of the pillar and it you
know the multiply tail has a wind up
right and so I thought he was going to
move out of the pillar and I was gonna
hit him just right REO Speedwagon says
don't immediately run you can counter
hit him and he'll if you get behind get
behind what I I'm just reading I don't
know I don't know blown Eric on I don't
know why you're telling me that cuz
Jack's the one playing the game but he
says rich I thought you can heal with
your melee attacks
what Ede plant was from Space Quest okay
okay
Oh eat plant yes yeah thank you aren't
hurt
you aren't a very supportive life
partner for Jacqueline for what I'm not
his life partner for another one I'm
just giving him advice that you were
giving him yeah that's all I'm doing
which is mostly reading the chat which
yeah which is true is mostly unhelpful
it's it's useless for me to give him
real-time advice because what I'm
watching is on like a 30-second delay so
I could say no Jack you need to dive to
the side that's that's useless
information at that point all the
stubble says this is riveting commentary
well this is what you get this is what
we got it may not be the most riveting
yes this whole stream has been one level
yeah that's how these kind of games work
or we suck that much are we suck that
much
somebody else wants us to Google with
bloodborne sheets no I beat the last
ball I beat the last two bosses one
using pure skill one using pure cheap
tactics and a little bit of skill which
is a real thing I am going to attempt I
don't know if this is my last one or not
but I'm going to attempt on doing this
on my own using a mixture of skill and
cheap tactics Jack there are more
enemies around the burning crosses that
drop blood vials Oh let's see it there
we go you know that is helpful advice
that's right there were all these
enemies over here
I don't know if I'm pronouncing his name
right but Oh left turn zero left turn
only zero says not not doing nearly as
bad as I expected I'm their CEO some
confidence actually actually doing
really well to be honest oh so he or she
don't know thank you
hi you know I know you guys don't
believe me but I you know sometimes I'm
good at video games
I assume guys because I I assume those
girls have something better to do on a
Sunday night friends or a party or
something something girls do stuff right
I think so okay I got an extra blood
vial out of that guy we're the guys at
home but playing games with Cheetos
stained fingers that's that's everyone
here us included it's not a slight just
times just the facts yo
and then the facts come on you it's a
train 11 says girls watch this I know it
is fun I'm just fucking around
we got to try to have some kind of fun
here certainly certainly not code from
watch Jake play this game Nick
okay I am mr. sub drawing my girls
cheeto way to be a my last to the stream
thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate fuck oh I had oh
and you you probably are the last one of
the street yeah I he went into a second
floor
maybe attacked me and I hit him with the
blunderbuss and he walked right through
it through it and I gotta give up I
gotta give up
Paul Superman in Russia has a case of
the not gays yeah
yeah that's great he let everybody know
you know he has a wife he says he says I
have a wife
great now we know okay I have to give up
fridge vast chick to oil he really has
the not gays he says he has two wives
well they there you go hmm are you done
I got this way with the other boss the
boss that you haven't played yet for
anyone who knows play this game you know
is the big boss between the first and
this guy
I hit this point to where you know you
just you feel if you it gets you down
and I put it down and I came back later
at this point in the second box when we
talked this is where this is where I
started to grind and so it's like that's
that's the decision I have to make now
is whether or not I want to just go
through and clear out the level again
you know and get those 17,000 blood are
you are you are you even getting close
to one beating the boss no I haven't I
he I can get him to a second form pretty
easily I I feel like I'm making no
progress okay
where it's like I can get him to a
second form and as soon as he hits the
second form I flip out and I don't know
what to do and so I'm I'm not learning
from my mistakes and you know it's
getting late and so I just think I just
need to call it okay and I'm gonna give
the boss you know obviously I'm gonna
keep playing because because we have to
I I kind of want to play this myself now
so I and I know you're right it's not
grinding I need to figure out the
pattern I need to figure out well okay
which which I think is right like a me a
grinding would help me you know would
give me a little more defense it would
give me a little more attack but I need
to figure out what I'm missing
yeah and and there was there was a
moment that clicked with the second boss
where I was I just kept trying the same
tactic over and over again and then you
know but and then I figured it out it's
like oh here I here's what I'm missing
you know and so I and I'm it's too late
and I've been playing too long where I
can't see it right now
well well coming from somebody used to
live near an insane asylum you know
doing doing the same thing over and over
again and expecting a different result
is the definition of sanity it's one of
them and so so yeah that's the thing I'm
I'm not I'm not learning from my
mistakes co-op would help way more than
grinding yeah but I don't want to play
co-op I want I want to beat the monster
I don't want to beat the monster with a
friend fuck
and I want to beat the monster what do
you do you do it for this game isn't
popular anymore and you can't call on a
friend right you can do yourself
well guys are having a party at my
candle yeah can I can I take this
fucking like it off my head thank you
everyone thank you for coming out and
watching blood-borne a game I have
complicated feelings for thank you to
all the new subscribers thank you tell
the old subscribers and thank you to
everyone else for just coming out we
really do appreciate it and we might see
you on Wednesday we might not see you on
Wednesday
quick heads up just because of how
things are working this week but I will
we'll see you later no matter what good night
