Dec 13, 2015
Helldivers
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/35552918
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/35553397
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/35554076
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOyaES81Nnk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7D_wS7D7qg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pogUElLK2HU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/676136014386171904

[Part I]
we're an Internet land they're at home
they're probably at all we're an
Internet we're in the sky we're in the
air we're here in Atlanta internet land
we welcome you to Internet land is so
full of candy enjoy and kitten so
because I like it so much I think we got
some Helldivers going on here's here's
the deal I got this set to friends only
Neal Green here was forward-thinking
enough to notice me and Jack go into
online mode and steam and then he
instantly jumped into the game we were
playing so he was thinking ahead yes we
have room for one other person in the
chat you have to also be either me or
Jack's friend on Steam on Steam yes and
you can locate us and join this game
because we are set to friends only so
you see both we are also like I am
playing on my laptop here rich is
playing on his big computer so you can
see we are we're two different people
Harlech and chard yes over here I had a
bunch of crap already unlocked cuz I
even played this a lot since we last
streamed it Jack hasn't gotten around to
it yeah I forgot we can unlock some
stuff for Jack but I still want to use
all of my toys yeah okay yeah Neil Neil
Breen is playing a couple with us which
is great and like i said room for
somebody else who was one of our steam
friends to hop in yep so we'll just wait
for you how would you start oh fuck it
never mind we're gonna start all right
so I go over here yeah choose this one
I'm choosing the map now so you can't be
able to see it you're not gonna see it
this Jack's using the map so way to go
you want a nice easy one to start with
yep all right this is gonna be overkill
and a half well this is really just to
get my bearings back because I have not
been playing rich ask him do you see
that fucking cape I'm wearing no i
devided me and the fucking highest
fucking difficulty to get that goddamn
cape that cape is riddled with bullet
holes when you were logged at the cape
was riddled with bullet holes and I'm
going fuckin easy jack I'm sorry good
okay so don't now here's the thing I've
learned yeah wait doesn't because we're
playing up fucking easy it doesn't
matter don't spawn near the objective
you get swore
instantly before you have a time to call
down your weapons oh okay it's usually
it usually makes sense to pick an
isolated spot on the under map okay I've
just done that
okay confirm all right so now get some
bug killing gear make its let me get my
overkill on let's see here I got the
defender the Libero the defender was
good all right that was like the that
was the like a little submachine gun
when I think like this shot we have we
have someone joined welcome oh yeah
we'll just do that that's great
confirmed what what overkill do I want
to burn I don't know I don't know
that's right Neil brain is gonna give
the enemy democracy and anthrax I almost
spit out my drink I almost spit out my
gravy I am gonna be like I'm looking at
my laptop I can theoretically look at
the TV because we're all on the same map
but there is like a fraction of a second
delay so I might look down at my laptop
okay which I can you know I can do
either but it's it's a little weird
right now I don't know press any button
so I'm excited I like this game
okay call down your weapon oh my god
Trashies a noob that's fine we'll make
do and remember don't call down weapons
on somebody's head we'd like to avoid
that a portable fucking shield
I got a railgun and a machine gun and
and look at this what is that thing I'm
gonna call down something amazing okay
wait for it
all right everybody get in my car what
we've got turrets what's we've got
turrets not turrets
fuck fuck fuck fuck does impress the
chat knows what my mad turrets all right
where we going we gots do you wanna do
you want to collect some science too
while we're at it yeah yeah we need
science right so I just like I can't aim
this can i or Kenny yeah oh my god I can
Jesus Christ rich you have been really
playing this game Oh science good
science somebody jump out and grab
science I'm on it I'm on it I got the
science open up okay fine you weren't
quick on the side that's fine I'm here
I'm just here I'm just here man don't
worry about me I'm just gonna I'm here
living I'm here living life all right
grab more science I got this one
shoot you bugs shoot bugs got bugs
we're playing the bug world this time
it's a kind of love all right get the
car use use the machine guns oh you're
right you're right this car has machine
guns
okay on the side there's the turret the
sides have machine guns right I'm ready
let's make our way to one of these
objectives but this is silly I know it's
great more science more we're right
there
we're gonna upgrade the shit out of
everything don't okay tip for the the
car hold on oh don't get out of the car
while the car is moving wait how do you
call it Oh oh no I got in the car while
the car was moving I called in
reinforcements the mission almost ended
you fuckers all of you what's the
support kid oh that's to reload the
bazooka Oh
we're probably not gonna need an easy
well then I got a backup this car so I
can get my like your everybody is
everybody in it just ran over everybody
okay no no pick up the machine gun I got
to get my machine gun why don't I have a
gave him a gun my gun okay all right all
right now we're now we're ready we're
ready for violence okay great
where's where's my gun nope okay I mean
never mind I'm here everything's fine
we're ready for violence s espanol sorry
Ruben's weed uh no habla espanol donde
esta el sanitary oh where is the
bathroom sit the friends only right
donde esta el is honored and I'm glad we
have a ton of friends he knows he knows
guys
okay are we even gonna see any bugs
uneasy this is this is ridiculous use
your machine guns we can capture while
in the car yes okay yeah this is
ridiculously great well you don't want
the car if the car blows up when you're
all in it though we all thought oh sure
I didn't know if it's gonna die oh when
it's got it should have a helper oh okay
people aren't killing the bugs fast
enough yeah I'm gonna run over the bugs
run over the bugs next objective let's
go this is great this is easy mode well
we clearly it's uneasy yes so well
you've been playing a lot I know yeah
you wanted a warm-up that's
understandable
I'm getting my girl night back I can't
drive this off at all holy fuck
della baby getting it back oh god you
just make a Stella's get nervous dad I
got a hurt back joke that was this
tunnel I got a her back joke I know why
cuz I make good jokes I make super good
jokes all the time defend the thing okay
I'm ready
bugs down sup
Oh bug down south I make super great
jokes there were some people that did
not understand my Johnny got his blaster
reference nobody got your Chinese
blaster reference and well you know what
there was a youtube comment so the you
know the the for people who don't know
they are review of Battlefront and hard
Wes went up today and I made I made a
Johnny got his gun joke and someone was
like I don't understand that Johnny got
his gun joke and it's like because we
were talking about you know Johnny got
his gun as a book about a soldier who is
unable to communicate with the people
around him and in battlefront you're
unable to communicate with the people
around like it's an easy joke it's a
great get a great joke it was a great
joke
I have no bugs I've killed no bugs Thank
You Ruben I thought it was a pretty good
joke yeah it's not very often I get to
make a literary joke and so I was I was
really excited about it and we got to
hang here for 90 more seconds down there
well the thing is busy being defended
in case anything's over here I'll shoot
it
nothing yeah it's fine is there
unlimited ammo in this too no oh well
then never mind oh I see I see the ammo
meter next objective yeah go north
gotta go north
I was asking rich about the episode cuz
you know he rich is not with me when I
edit or anything and you know I we both
agreed we really like them so oh I see
that okay get a science science given
that science we bought I really like the
Oh get the bell around go back up back
up
I can't get the science you hear this I
got the science that's that's Neil Breen
audio did somebody's playing that's
great that's great
well that Neal Breen is playing because
Neil brain is actually saying that how
do you reload oh the right bumper but
that you using the bazooka why use the
bazooka on that tiny bug I have no idea
I don't know how you know why why you
switch your damn weapon that's right I
listen I forget always they don't use
the bazooka on the tiny ball game you're
not gonna use the bazooka all uneasy I
forgetting how to play the game this is
why we're doing this level I know I
understand Jack also here's the tip for
the rocket launcher yeah okay not just
for you but for anybody listening and
want to play Helldivers yeah with that
rocket launcher you get the rocket
launcher and the support kit support kit
has the ammo you want somebody else to
actually grab the support kit to reload
you if you reload yourself it takes like
15 seconds Oh somebody else reload you
it takes like half a damn second all
right
Neal Brennan is gonna walk cuz he's got
to carry that case okay are you just
gonna follow him on foot
yeah okay I'll be abused backup are we
sick of the car
well no no bring the car I'm just back
up where we going we're going follow
that yellow line we're gonna go all the
way south just do salt okay that's right
Neal brain Oh bugs
okay I'm gonna make sure I don't run
over you guys watch out fire Oh fire
hurts pick jack up pick jack up thank
you
fire hurts by the way Adina if you're on
fired remember cover covers the X button
oh yeah
if you start on fire just go into cover
gosh and that puts the fire I was like
stop drop and roll that's really funny
we didn't have to deal with fire last
time
oh my god yep
we can do it we're doing it oh why not
that great someone bring me back almost
out of ammo I'm yes cart thank you
all right everybody head south
South yeah I got that sign cuz I got the
science great that just runs out tanks
starting to run low on armor anyway okay
come on brain we gotta go oh there it is
drop it off here alright delivered the
black box now we go north and a little
bit west okay great
oh I think I just killed you many
apologies hold on what the fire okay
just wait did someone spawn yeah friend
yep I killed him or not he's up in that
corner oh okay
sorry for killing you I shot you with my
no that was on you oh my god well get to
the objective and then we'll spot him
we'll get the we got to move and I'm
over I'm coming I'm coming
if you already had it in your hand just
throw it right into the fire cover coat
okay there throw them right into the
fire
okay okay let's go to the extraction
point
Seanie science shout out and grab
science was the extractor man we're at
the attraction okay great extract that
motherfucker one more time for science
no more time for science oh my god
whether it's sort of equipment or
driving
Oh mo somebody might be dropping turrets
yeah I got true
whoa I'm ready I'm ready I got in the
North covered there's no bugs up here
but I got it covered
don't worry about a thing
area funds
don't let the bugs win we're going here
to the bug homeworld what is that what
does that thing do again the floaty
thing
yeah oh that's somebody's got a scout
that that locates science when it's
upgraded like like we've already called
the show there's science up on that top
right oh yeah yeah it's good it also
Scouts out like nearby patrols nice free
huh I mean if you want you can almost
play this like a stealth game you can
just avoid the patrols entirely nice and
I'm not higher difficulties it's
actually highly highly recommended it's
almost counterintuitive you should play
this you just want to shoot everything
yeah for democracy for democracy that's
why you shoot things
now don't get smooshed everybody you
remember we made that mistake once
nearly flawless victory nearly nearly
well there were some mistakes made I may
or may not have shot someone who was on
my team and I have apologized so lord
Belmont says are you interested in
Rainbow six siege also just curious as
to when you're going to play the 7th
guest it would be awesome if Jay were
also there for that thanks you guys are
awesome thanks Lord Belmont Rainbow six
you know that's that's part of that
genre of multiplayer shooters that I've
never gotten into I I don't actively
dislike it like your Call of Duty's yeah
but I just I've never played a Rainbow
six game I've never really had either
and then anonymous says Jax are picking
a new mission not absolutely no anima
says hello previously recorded live
would you ever consider contacting Jake
Lloyd and asking him to guest star in a
stream asking for a friend I am NOT Jake
Lloyd if Jake Lloyd wants to have
anything to do with red letter media
we'll find something
well we'll fit you into an episode never
ever
absolutely absolutely I and and I'm
officially speaking on behalf of J and
Mike as well yeah we will have Jake
Lloyd well we will do whatever would
Jake like yeah well hem on Vil interview
we have no way of contacting him so if
you are anonymous if you are actually
Jake Lloyd oh so we have a second oh
yeah this is second world of this dog oh
we're not done with this Reuben get in
the pub in the pod get in the pod there
you go thank you get in the pod
okay alright drop zone select like nice
and self Nathan nice and South confirm
we're still uneasy that tank was
overkill that tank was a little overkill
a little overkill it's alright that's
all right rich stratagems
meet John hmm oh I can have a drum oh I
got a drone - I want a drone I'm gonna
get me a drone all right great
let's do this this is a fun game yeah I
love I love this game I really enjoyed
this game I made a I made a tweet for
both of us by the way yeah about game of
the year yeah cuz we just won't get to a
video December is almost yeah almost
over we won't get into a game of your
video I spoke on your behalf as well
that blood-borne was our game yeah yeah
I did make special mention of rocket
League especial especially game of that
you mentioned - rocket League and Mario
maker this is this year and I'm loving
this right and then we found this well
whoa
all right I want I want I want my my
drom great not that that accidently all
right
didn't mean to spawn this somebody wants
to use my mech they can use my back cuz
I don't care nia brains on it I mean I
got a drone working format for us now I
meant to I know it's not supposed to be
good I just wanted to who signs oh oh oh
you're on it okay great I'm on science
alright what do want to go first
left or right how do poke them right
let's do all right I want to go right
and Neil you just keep up with all those
Neil Breen quotes those are great I know
those are quotes are a good imitation I
think he's pulling that from the movie
he didn't does he actually say anything
about tuna in the movie yeah I just did
tuna right out of it can you say that
yeah okay oh yeah I mean how else would
we know he's been eating tuna out of the
game it's clever and I like it however
you know Neil brain this means you are
not allowed to die all night because
Neil brain would never die in a video
game that's true he might ask his
parents whether or not he's dead but he
would not himself die in a game he
wouldn't die any in any and anything he
does all the video games I played
everybody could hack any game modding
source coding all these things are
trivial
far left far left yeah we had two other
things on the other side to do then we
gotta go north then then we crank up
then we crank up the difficulty a little
bit absolutely absolutely
I'm ready we all go we all go crazy
because trashy stole rookie okay so wait
where ever you really check left well
everyone's rookie everyone's working
except for you cuz you're Neal Breen and
you're the best get out here I got I got
your back Neal oh fuck
but who's got mine okay left right yeah
yeah thank you okay whoa all right left
let's move let's move out rock and roll
all night party this is any other
weekend
no on the weekend something we just on
the weekends everybody well everybody
else so everybody's working for the
weekend so it's like yeah oh here
there's one up here what there's the
thing up here there's an objective
let's close to the exit let's go you
wanna go left first yeah okay left first
come on people let's move moving out
because that one's that one's right by
the exit Cheerilee just down and left
down and left unless you see any science
oh I see some science good science good
science Jack get into science got to
science fell into lava I fell into the
lava it was worth it for the science you
fell in the lava for science for science
thank you
for spotting me
all right to the left yep here we go
here we go
oh you got that yeah okay you got that
should be another one maybe a little bit
South air I'm not sure
there it is
part two hold on I owe you that
okay you guys are doing that one already
great everything's great we're winning
we're winning democracy I know this is
supposed to be pretty useless I just
want to cry it out I want to see what it
looks like what is it it's a motorcycle
the sidecar I don't have a gun I just I
just sit here
this is turret you hit a button I am
nothing yeah freedom never sleeps it's
just oh I'm gonna run away yeah it's
just a way to get around fast like what
you can't move too fast cuz you'll lose
our friends I know I'm getting out of
here get me out of here you riding your
motorcycle you do I drove my motorcycle
huh motorcycle
shooting bugs is very satisfying yes it
is
how many meetings do you think the team
who made this hat about whether or not
that gets sued
I think bugs are fairly generic I don't
think they're worried about it too much
yeah but like like along with the low
turret we're not wearing power armor
jabs or just wearing regular army right
all right head north
that's the extraction oh oh yeah it's
like right here don't think I'm they
didn't in the movie it was just a book
so yeah no hey look if Capcom can make a
video game about zombies in a ball and
not consume did do you think they did
take that back
I would absolutely believe they got sued
and you know like with with the the
over-the-top patriotism much like
starship where it's just like you can
you can tell everyone can tell I just
wonder if like the filmmakers are the
people who wrote the book cared I think
that turds taken care mostly hangs for
us
that's that's why you have turrets can
can the chat here kneel Breen's mike is
that is that a thing because I don't
know if you can hear it it's pretty
quiet on our TV but he has actual Neil
brain quotes playing and it's great it
walks among us barely what we barely
hear him - it's not that loud but it's
great
bug
spin spin we will move forward not
backwards upwards not downwards and
spinning forever spinning twirling
forever twirling forever twirling
towards freedom oh yeah did you see a
independent state to the trailer yeah
the first one you were like no I wasn't
I worked
you weren't no I get it that like it's
it's locked or not shocked it's it's a
Smoltz the first movie is pure schmaltz
it's like it's very predictable it's
very easy you know but I say yeah it's
fine I mean it's good jet saying don't
blame me I voted for Koto's look who
picked up on the reference everyone's
picking up on the reference well I mean
I would assume that the people who know
us know them that's great that's great
that's great that's a great stick thanks
for the stick
okay oh I got a rocket launcher now
great alright Jack pick a mission well
now we're gonna pick a harder than
harder mission okay we still want to be
in the bug world obviously let's see
here and we were uneasy before yes I
would even consider going harder than
medium go to challenges are very
challenging challenging I get a tank
very challenging I get O'Neil Breen has
abandoned the mission alright so we knew
we could have a new player join if you
would like to join you are a friend of
ours find us and join in what is a rail
cannon turret yeah no cannon turret or
the we'll go for the car how about the
car okay challenging challenge okay
we'll see if anyone feels like joining
in
all right Reuben let's move out I'm not
sure if the giant bug start showing up
yet challenging okay so I don't know if
I need a rocket launcher just yet okay
let's see and then we'll go where's the
extraction point
they said like we'll start over here
then we'll go this one this one all the
way around this one and then yeah you
you okay that's you know I'm just saying
the plan man I am saying okay I plan
plan acknowledge plan acknowledge land
under understood Oh bother welcome
welcome Oh bother
got my science I got my laser I got that
I got okay great everything's great
I'm a shotgun specialist I'll just take
a regular turret let's take a turret we
are playing this on Steam we both have
it on Steam stay and I don't know if
there's any cross play between ps4 I'm
not sure probably not
in other words rocket right I guess
there might be then I don't you know I
don't know I would hope that there is
because the mob viously you need other
people to play this game so how have you
been liking that I know like you are
generally speaking not a fan of online
multiplayer games oh how am I looking
which I'm loving this the problem is
it's gonna vanish sooner or later once
everybody moves on right but you add
like how have you been enjoying the the
its community aspect um it can be
frustrating at times because there are a
lot of idiots and there are occasionally
not all the time there occasionally
assholes who are just belligerent to
other people on the team that's too bad
you know how that is that's too bad
that's the problem shit what I didn't
bring the snow boots I didn't realize
this is a snow level Wow
we should have brought a car okay yeah
well okay we have to go to the right I
have my sciency finder going it's no bad
snow bad we gotta be careful about then
the patrols there's a patrol on
underneath us I thank him oh yeah okay I
see yeah you see in your map too
okay it's right here it's right here
follow my lead
use the hub okay it's fine through there
yeah kill the little bugs before they
call in bigger bug oh they call them
bigger bugs they call Oh big eases and
Oh Bobby you stood right in front of my
machine gun I got the rail gun which
does it's upgraded so it does stun the
larger enemies which is helpful for this
oh but never have the right everybody
run oh shit no no no no no our new got
destroyed we had to drop a new nuke God
poorly equipped for this submission well
I'm sorry
because we are seeing the bigger bugs on
this difficulty oh my god Oh bother you
just you flamethrower me man
lift me up Jesus Oh bother
he killed me fall back fall back
alright shoot them in the orange spot
but I mean is when his guard is down
obviously I'll cover you just shoot him
in the orange pot no time for spinning
Ruben hey are you thank you okay I'm
ready
oh fuck Oh bother fell on me Oh bother
I hold on I got you
got it okay okay
Jesus prays that bug is actually an
objective we need to kill that thing
okay this pies got the target thing oh
great okay so now where's this nuke
thing up north
now here's we here's the thing we're
gonna have to kill those tiny Patrol
Scout bugs before they send it for the
bigger bugs okay it's the only way we're
gonna do this we don't have any kind of
tank okay actually I do have
all right : for the nuke okay and then
I'm gonna drop some rocket launchers one
of those big ones pop-up I just dropped
two single-use rocket launchers okay
let's do this
and then once that new comes we're all
gonna have to I'm gonna start running
south start running south I'm gonna set
this thing off once you've got a good
distance away
don't worry another rocket launcher good
south south south going oh shit I'm
doomed
that's okay oh wait did that go off go
back up good way back up there was a
problem we had a weapon malfunction
great all right that that fucking bug
destroyed the nuke before the nuke went
off bro this is nightmarish this isn't
do you know what what we're gonna rock
do you rocket launcher these orange
times if you grab a rocket launcher will
that work
oh do a trashy shoot it shoot it see
what happens yes all right where's the
other one we had to write did somebody
else grab a rocket launcher yeah I did
all right switch to the rocket launcher
and shoot well not okay fell on me okay
somebody's gonna spawn me or just you
know what activate the nuke and run away
okay run south runs out
keep running south oh my god oh my god
oh dear Lord my mind got in Himmel
oh I I spawned you that's all that
matters
what's this I was too close somebody
drop a flamethrower doesn't matter
doesn't matter everything's fine all
right let's do this where we going
all right we're going us open to the
right all right up into the right let's
roll I'll cover your back head it up up
do do so you've been finding some jerks
online
yeah well blame is not enough that many
nevermind you know like overall though
like obviously worth it cuz you like the
game yeah I'm still playing it okay
activate oil extraction over here if
it's one if it's one thing democracy
needs its oil oil and democracy go
together hi guys
all right here okay here we gowe're an Internet land they're at home
they're probably at all we're an
Internet we're in the sky we're in the
air we're here in Atlanta internet land
we welcome you to Internet land is so
full of candy enjoy and kitten so
because I like it so much I think we got
some Helldivers going on here's here's
the deal I got this set to friends only
Neal Green here was forward-thinking
enough to notice me and Jack go into
online mode and steam and then he
instantly jumped into the game we were
playing so he was thinking ahead yes we
have room for one other person in the
chat you have to also be either me or
Jack's friend on Steam on Steam yes and
you can locate us and join this game
because we are set to friends only so
you see both we are also like I am
playing on my laptop here rich is
playing on his big computer so you can
see we are we're two different people
Harlech and chard yes over here I had a
bunch of crap already unlocked cuz I
even played this a lot since we last
streamed it Jack hasn't gotten around to
it yeah I forgot we can unlock some
stuff for Jack but I still want to use
all of my toys yeah okay yeah Neil Neil
Breen is playing a couple with us which
is great and like i said room for
somebody else who was one of our steam
friends to hop in yep so we'll just wait
for you how would you start oh fuck it
never mind we're gonna start all right
so I go over here yeah choose this one
I'm choosing the map now so you can't be
able to see it you're not gonna see it
this Jack's using the map so way to go
you want a nice easy one to start with
yep all right this is gonna be overkill
and a half well this is really just to
get my bearings back because I have not
been playing rich ask him do you see
that fucking cape I'm wearing no i
devided me and the fucking highest
fucking difficulty to get that goddamn
cape that cape is riddled with bullet
holes when you were logged at the cape
was riddled with bullet holes and I'm
going fuckin easy jack I'm sorry good
okay so don't now here's the thing I've
learned yeah wait doesn't because we're
playing up fucking easy it doesn't
matter don't spawn near the objective
you get swore
instantly before you have a time to call
down your weapons oh okay it's usually
it usually makes sense to pick an
isolated spot on the under map okay I've
just done that
okay confirm all right so now get some
bug killing gear make its let me get my
overkill on let's see here I got the
defender the Libero the defender was
good all right that was like the that
was the like a little submachine gun
when I think like this shot we have we
have someone joined welcome oh yeah
we'll just do that that's great
confirmed what what overkill do I want
to burn I don't know I don't know
that's right Neil brain is gonna give
the enemy democracy and anthrax I almost
spit out my drink I almost spit out my
gravy I am gonna be like I'm looking at
my laptop I can theoretically look at
the TV because we're all on the same map
but there is like a fraction of a second
delay so I might look down at my laptop
okay which I can you know I can do
either but it's it's a little weird
right now I don't know press any button
so I'm excited I like this game
okay call down your weapon oh my god
Trashies a noob that's fine we'll make
do and remember don't call down weapons
on somebody's head we'd like to avoid
that a portable fucking shield
I got a railgun and a machine gun and
and look at this what is that thing I'm
gonna call down something amazing okay
wait for it
all right everybody get in my car what
we've got turrets what's we've got
turrets not turrets
fuck fuck fuck fuck does impress the
chat knows what my mad turrets all right
where we going we gots do you wanna do
you want to collect some science too
while we're at it yeah yeah we need
science right so I just like I can't aim
this can i or Kenny yeah oh my god I can
Jesus Christ rich you have been really
playing this game Oh science good
science somebody jump out and grab
science I'm on it I'm on it I got the
science open up okay fine you weren't
quick on the side that's fine I'm here
I'm just here I'm just here man don't
worry about me I'm just gonna I'm here
living I'm here living life all right
grab more science I got this one
shoot you bugs shoot bugs got bugs
we're playing the bug world this time
it's a kind of love all right get the
car use use the machine guns oh you're
right you're right this car has machine
guns
okay on the side there's the turret the
sides have machine guns right I'm ready
let's make our way to one of these
objectives but this is silly I know it's
great more science more we're right
there
we're gonna upgrade the shit out of
everything don't okay tip for the the
car hold on oh don't get out of the car
while the car is moving wait how do you
call it Oh oh no I got in the car while
the car was moving I called in
reinforcements the mission almost ended
you fuckers all of you what's the
support kid oh that's to reload the
bazooka Oh
we're probably not gonna need an easy
well then I got a backup this car so I
can get my like your everybody is
everybody in it just ran over everybody
okay no no pick up the machine gun I got
to get my machine gun why don't I have a
gave him a gun my gun okay all right all
right now we're now we're ready we're
ready for violence okay great
where's where's my gun nope okay I mean
never mind I'm here everything's fine
we're ready for violence s espanol sorry
Ruben's weed uh no habla espanol donde
esta el sanitary oh where is the
bathroom sit the friends only right
donde esta el is honored and I'm glad we
have a ton of friends he knows he knows
guys
okay are we even gonna see any bugs
uneasy this is this is ridiculous use
your machine guns we can capture while
in the car yes okay yeah this is
ridiculously great well you don't want
the car if the car blows up when you're
all in it though we all thought oh sure
I didn't know if it's gonna die oh when
it's got it should have a helper oh okay
people aren't killing the bugs fast
enough yeah I'm gonna run over the bugs
run over the bugs next objective let's
go this is great this is easy mode well
we clearly it's uneasy yes so well
you've been playing a lot I know yeah
you wanted a warm-up that's
understandable
I'm getting my girl night back I can't
drive this off at all holy fuck
della baby getting it back oh god you
just make a Stella's get nervous dad I
got a hurt back joke that was this
tunnel I got a her back joke I know why
cuz I make good jokes I make super good
jokes all the time defend the thing okay
I'm ready
bugs down sup
Oh bug down south I make super great
jokes there were some people that did
not understand my Johnny got his blaster
reference nobody got your Chinese
blaster reference and well you know what
there was a youtube comment so the you
know the the for people who don't know
they are review of Battlefront and hard
Wes went up today and I made I made a
Johnny got his gun joke and someone was
like I don't understand that Johnny got
his gun joke and it's like because we
were talking about you know Johnny got
his gun as a book about a soldier who is
unable to communicate with the people
around him and in battlefront you're
unable to communicate with the people
around like it's an easy joke it's a
great get a great joke it was a great
joke
I have no bugs I've killed no bugs Thank
You Ruben I thought it was a pretty good
joke yeah it's not very often I get to
make a literary joke and so I was I was
really excited about it and we got to
hang here for 90 more seconds down there
well the thing is busy being defended
in case anything's over here I'll shoot
it
nothing yeah it's fine is there
unlimited ammo in this too no oh well
then never mind oh I see I see the ammo
meter next objective yeah go north
gotta go north
I was asking rich about the episode cuz
you know he rich is not with me when I
edit or anything and you know I we both
agreed we really like them so oh I see
that okay get a science science given
that science we bought I really like the
Oh get the bell around go back up back
up
I can't get the science you hear this I
got the science that's that's Neil Breen
audio did somebody's playing that's
great that's great
well that Neal Breen is playing because
Neil brain is actually saying that how
do you reload oh the right bumper but
that you using the bazooka why use the
bazooka on that tiny bug I have no idea
I don't know how you know why why you
switch your damn weapon that's right I
listen I forget always they don't use
the bazooka on the tiny ball game you're
not gonna use the bazooka all uneasy I
forgetting how to play the game this is
why we're doing this level I know I
understand Jack also here's the tip for
the rocket launcher yeah okay not just
for you but for anybody listening and
want to play Helldivers yeah with that
rocket launcher you get the rocket
launcher and the support kit support kit
has the ammo you want somebody else to
actually grab the support kit to reload
you if you reload yourself it takes like
15 seconds Oh somebody else reload you
it takes like half a damn second all
right
Neal Brennan is gonna walk cuz he's got
to carry that case okay are you just
gonna follow him on foot
yeah okay I'll be abused backup are we
sick of the car
well no no bring the car I'm just back
up where we going we're going follow
that yellow line we're gonna go all the
way south just do salt okay that's right
Neal brain Oh bugs
okay I'm gonna make sure I don't run
over you guys watch out fire Oh fire
hurts pick jack up pick jack up thank
you
fire hurts by the way Adina if you're on
fired remember cover covers the X button
oh yeah
if you start on fire just go into cover
gosh and that puts the fire I was like
stop drop and roll that's really funny
we didn't have to deal with fire last
time
oh my god yep
we can do it we're doing it oh why not
that great someone bring me back almost
out of ammo I'm yes cart thank you
all right everybody head south
South yeah I got that sign cuz I got the
science great that just runs out tanks
starting to run low on armor anyway okay
come on brain we gotta go oh there it is
drop it off here alright delivered the
black box now we go north and a little
bit west okay great
oh I think I just killed you many
apologies hold on what the fire okay
just wait did someone spawn yeah friend
yep I killed him or not he's up in that
corner oh okay
sorry for killing you I shot you with my
no that was on you oh my god well get to
the objective and then we'll spot him
we'll get the we got to move and I'm
over I'm coming I'm coming
if you already had it in your hand just
throw it right into the fire cover coat
okay there throw them right into the
fire
okay okay let's go to the extraction
point
Seanie science shout out and grab
science was the extractor man we're at
the attraction okay great extract that
motherfucker one more time for science
no more time for science oh my god
whether it's sort of equipment or
driving
Oh mo somebody might be dropping turrets
yeah I got true
whoa I'm ready I'm ready I got in the
North covered there's no bugs up here
but I got it covered
don't worry about a thing
area funds
don't let the bugs win we're going here
to the bug homeworld what is that what
does that thing do again the floaty
thing
yeah oh that's somebody's got a scout
that that locates science when it's
upgraded like like we've already called
the show there's science up on that top
right oh yeah yeah it's good it also
Scouts out like nearby patrols nice free
huh I mean if you want you can almost
play this like a stealth game you can
just avoid the patrols entirely nice and
I'm not higher difficulties it's
actually highly highly recommended it's
almost counterintuitive you should play
this you just want to shoot everything
yeah for democracy for democracy that's
why you shoot things
now don't get smooshed everybody you
remember we made that mistake once
nearly flawless victory nearly nearly
well there were some mistakes made I may
or may not have shot someone who was on
my team and I have apologized so lord
Belmont says are you interested in
Rainbow six siege also just curious as
to when you're going to play the 7th
guest it would be awesome if Jay were
also there for that thanks you guys are
awesome thanks Lord Belmont Rainbow six
you know that's that's part of that
genre of multiplayer shooters that I've
never gotten into I I don't actively
dislike it like your Call of Duty's yeah
but I just I've never played a Rainbow
six game I've never really had either
and then anonymous says Jax are picking
a new mission not absolutely no anima
says hello previously recorded live
would you ever consider contacting Jake
Lloyd and asking him to guest star in a
stream asking for a friend I am NOT Jake
Lloyd if Jake Lloyd wants to have
anything to do with red letter media
we'll find something
well we'll fit you into an episode never
ever
absolutely absolutely I and and I'm
officially speaking on behalf of J and
Mike as well yeah we will have Jake
Lloyd well we will do whatever would
Jake like yeah well hem on Vil interview
we have no way of contacting him so if
you are anonymous if you are actually
Jake Lloyd oh so we have a second oh
yeah this is second world of this dog oh
we're not done with this Reuben get in
the pub in the pod get in the pod there
you go thank you get in the pod
okay alright drop zone select like nice
and self Nathan nice and South confirm
we're still uneasy that tank was
overkill that tank was a little overkill
a little overkill it's alright that's
all right rich stratagems
meet John hmm oh I can have a drum oh I
got a drone - I want a drone I'm gonna
get me a drone all right great
let's do this this is a fun game yeah I
love I love this game I really enjoyed
this game I made a I made a tweet for
both of us by the way yeah about game of
the year yeah cuz we just won't get to a
video December is almost yeah almost
over we won't get into a game of your
video I spoke on your behalf as well
that blood-borne was our game yeah yeah
I did make special mention of rocket
League especial especially game of that
you mentioned - rocket League and Mario
maker this is this year and I'm loving
this right and then we found this well
whoa
all right I want I want I want my my
drom great not that that accidently all
right
didn't mean to spawn this somebody wants
to use my mech they can use my back cuz
I don't care nia brains on it I mean I
got a drone working format for us now I
meant to I know it's not supposed to be
good I just wanted to who signs oh oh oh
you're on it okay great I'm on science
alright what do want to go first
left or right how do poke them right
let's do all right I want to go right
and Neil you just keep up with all those
Neil Breen quotes those are great I know
those are quotes are a good imitation I
think he's pulling that from the movie
he didn't does he actually say anything
about tuna in the movie yeah I just did
tuna right out of it can you say that
yeah okay oh yeah I mean how else would
we know he's been eating tuna out of the
game it's clever and I like it however
you know Neil brain this means you are
not allowed to die all night because
Neil brain would never die in a video
game that's true he might ask his
parents whether or not he's dead but he
would not himself die in a game he
wouldn't die any in any and anything he
does all the video games I played
everybody could hack any game modding
source coding all these things are
trivial
far left far left yeah we had two other
things on the other side to do then we
gotta go north then then we crank up
then we crank up the difficulty a little
bit absolutely absolutely
I'm ready we all go we all go crazy
because trashy stole rookie okay so wait
where ever you really check left well
everyone's rookie everyone's working
except for you cuz you're Neal Breen and
you're the best get out here I got I got
your back Neal oh fuck
but who's got mine okay left right yeah
yeah thank you okay whoa all right left
let's move let's move out rock and roll
all night party this is any other
weekend
no on the weekend something we just on
the weekends everybody well everybody
else so everybody's working for the
weekend so it's like yeah oh here
there's one up here what there's the
thing up here there's an objective
let's close to the exit let's go you
wanna go left first yeah okay left first
come on people let's move moving out
because that one's that one's right by
the exit Cheerilee just down and left
down and left unless you see any science
oh I see some science good science good
science Jack get into science got to
science fell into lava I fell into the
lava it was worth it for the science you
fell in the lava for science for science
thank you
for spotting me
all right to the left yep here we go
here we go
oh you got that yeah okay you got that
should be another one maybe a little bit
South air I'm not sure
there it is
part two hold on I owe you that
okay you guys are doing that one already
great everything's great we're winning
we're winning democracy I know this is
supposed to be pretty useless I just
want to cry it out I want to see what it
looks like what is it it's a motorcycle
the sidecar I don't have a gun I just I
just sit here
this is turret you hit a button I am
nothing yeah freedom never sleeps it's
just oh I'm gonna run away yeah it's
just a way to get around fast like what
you can't move too fast cuz you'll lose
our friends I know I'm getting out of
here get me out of here you riding your
motorcycle you do I drove my motorcycle
huh motorcycle
shooting bugs is very satisfying yes it
is
how many meetings do you think the team
who made this hat about whether or not
that gets sued
I think bugs are fairly generic I don't
think they're worried about it too much
yeah but like like along with the low
turret we're not wearing power armor
jabs or just wearing regular army right
all right head north
that's the extraction oh oh yeah it's
like right here don't think I'm they
didn't in the movie it was just a book
so yeah no hey look if Capcom can make a
video game about zombies in a ball and
not consume did do you think they did
take that back
I would absolutely believe they got sued
and you know like with with the the
over-the-top patriotism much like
starship where it's just like you can
you can tell everyone can tell I just
wonder if like the filmmakers are the
people who wrote the book cared I think
that turds taken care mostly hangs for
us
that's that's why you have turrets can
can the chat here kneel Breen's mike is
that is that a thing because I don't
know if you can hear it it's pretty
quiet on our TV but he has actual Neil
brain quotes playing and it's great it
walks among us barely what we barely
hear him - it's not that loud but it's
great
bug
spin spin we will move forward not
backwards upwards not downwards and
spinning forever spinning twirling
forever twirling forever twirling
towards freedom oh yeah did you see a
independent state to the trailer yeah
the first one you were like no I wasn't
I worked
you weren't no I get it that like it's
it's locked or not shocked it's it's a
Smoltz the first movie is pure schmaltz
it's like it's very predictable it's
very easy you know but I say yeah it's
fine I mean it's good jet saying don't
blame me I voted for Koto's look who
picked up on the reference everyone's
picking up on the reference well I mean
I would assume that the people who know
us know them that's great that's great
that's great that's a great stick thanks
for the stick
okay oh I got a rocket launcher now
great alright Jack pick a mission well
now we're gonna pick a harder than
harder mission okay we still want to be
in the bug world obviously let's see
here and we were uneasy before yes I
would even consider going harder than
medium go to challenges are very
challenging challenging I get a tank
very challenging I get O'Neil Breen has
abandoned the mission alright so we knew
we could have a new player join if you
would like to join you are a friend of
ours find us and join in what is a rail
cannon turret yeah no cannon turret or
the we'll go for the car how about the
car okay challenging challenge okay
we'll see if anyone feels like joining
in
all right Reuben let's move out I'm not
sure if the giant bug start showing up
yet challenging okay so I don't know if
I need a rocket launcher just yet okay
let's see and then we'll go where's the
extraction point
they said like we'll start over here
then we'll go this one this one all the
way around this one and then yeah you
you okay that's you know I'm just saying
the plan man I am saying okay I plan
plan acknowledge plan acknowledge land
under understood Oh bother welcome
welcome Oh bother
got my science I got my laser I got that
I got okay great everything's great
I'm a shotgun specialist I'll just take
a regular turret let's take a turret we
are playing this on Steam we both have
it on Steam stay and I don't know if
there's any cross play between ps4 I'm
not sure probably not
in other words rocket right I guess
there might be then I don't you know I
don't know I would hope that there is
because the mob viously you need other
people to play this game so how have you
been liking that I know like you are
generally speaking not a fan of online
multiplayer games oh how am I looking
which I'm loving this the problem is
it's gonna vanish sooner or later once
everybody moves on right but you add
like how have you been enjoying the the
its community aspect um it can be
frustrating at times because there are a
lot of idiots and there are occasionally
not all the time there occasionally
assholes who are just belligerent to
other people on the team that's too bad
you know how that is that's too bad
that's the problem shit what I didn't
bring the snow boots I didn't realize
this is a snow level Wow
we should have brought a car okay yeah
well okay we have to go to the right I
have my sciency finder going it's no bad
snow bad we gotta be careful about then
the patrols there's a patrol on
underneath us I thank him oh yeah okay I
see yeah you see in your map too
okay it's right here it's right here
follow my lead
use the hub okay it's fine through there
yeah kill the little bugs before they
call in bigger bug oh they call them
bigger bugs they call Oh big eases and
Oh Bobby you stood right in front of my
machine gun I got the rail gun which
does it's upgraded so it does stun the
larger enemies which is helpful for this
oh but never have the right everybody
run oh shit no no no no no our new got
destroyed we had to drop a new nuke God
poorly equipped for this submission well
I'm sorry
because we are seeing the bigger bugs on
this difficulty oh my god Oh bother you
just you flamethrower me man
lift me up Jesus Oh bother
he killed me fall back fall back
alright shoot them in the orange spot
but I mean is when his guard is down
obviously I'll cover you just shoot him
in the orange pot no time for spinning
Ruben hey are you thank you okay I'm
ready
oh fuck Oh bother fell on me Oh bother
I hold on I got you
got it okay okay
Jesus prays that bug is actually an
objective we need to kill that thing
okay this pies got the target thing oh
great okay so now where's this nuke
thing up north
now here's we here's the thing we're
gonna have to kill those tiny Patrol
Scout bugs before they send it for the
bigger bugs okay it's the only way we're
gonna do this we don't have any kind of
tank okay actually I do have
all right : for the nuke okay and then
I'm gonna drop some rocket launchers one
of those big ones pop-up I just dropped
two single-use rocket launchers okay
let's do this
and then once that new comes we're all
gonna have to I'm gonna start running
south start running south I'm gonna set
this thing off once you've got a good
distance away
don't worry another rocket launcher good
south south south going oh shit I'm
doomed
that's okay oh wait did that go off go
back up good way back up there was a
problem we had a weapon malfunction
great all right that that fucking bug
destroyed the nuke before the nuke went
off bro this is nightmarish this isn't
do you know what what we're gonna rock
do you rocket launcher these orange
times if you grab a rocket launcher will
that work
oh do a trashy shoot it shoot it see
what happens yes all right where's the
other one we had to write did somebody
else grab a rocket launcher yeah I did
all right switch to the rocket launcher
and shoot well not okay fell on me okay
somebody's gonna spawn me or just you
know what activate the nuke and run away
okay run south runs out
keep running south oh my god oh my god
oh dear Lord my mind got in Himmel
oh I I spawned you that's all that
matters
what's this I was too close somebody
drop a flamethrower doesn't matter
doesn't matter everything's fine all
right let's do this where we going
all right we're going us open to the
right all right up into the right let's
roll I'll cover your back head it up up
do do so you've been finding some jerks
online
yeah well blame is not enough that many
nevermind you know like overall though
like obviously worth it cuz you like the
game yeah I'm still playing it okay
activate oil extraction over here if
it's one if it's one thing democracy
needs its oil oil and democracy go
together hi guys
all right here okay here we go
disengage stand back Oh
okay great
I'm dead on it
okay get in there we're getting there
wait we're not there yet
okay
fuck
we're gonna do it we're gonna be fun
we're mine everything's fine okay great
right South South now motherfuckers
almost fucking snow it makes it fun I
mean you know makes it challenging
oh shit that sounded bad that's alright
that's alright keep starting up just
keep moving keep moving south move south
come on guys let's go let's go let's go
dude you did you didn't intend to dinner
okay yeah I'm using the the sprinting
perk which is just absolutely fucking
worthless in the snow almost there
almost there
okay to the left to the left there it is
there it is come on
okay there should be another pylon
somewhere I'll save that for the ladies
oh shit
bugs on me oh you fuck you killed me you
fuck someone help a brother out wait
wait
thank you oh my god big guy
alright his ass is vulnerable somebody
can get around and shoot him in the ass
well I'm stunning him that would work
okay great now head up to the other
pylon we get this one not yet
so he's good
all right
easy
everything's easy this is great I get on
there Oh bother you've got this man
you've got this and we got your back get
out of that rich it's gonna drop right
now using my white what is dropping no
ammo
okay all right Jack where's the next
thing we go where's the next place we
gotta go straight to the left the
extraction Oh God
big guy oh that's that didn't oh god oh
how much science do I have what I'm
gonna upgrade jetpacks oh shit and then
I'm gonna bring jetpacks two people can
use jetpacks
and then you can jump in the snow then
I'm gonna use I have a perk that lets me
run in snow nice so we're gonna change
your strategy you should attempt to
Helldivers no death-room
I do try that on individual plants
obviously you know I get a little
fucking game that way all right yeah
yeah or just bring the tank
I can run with you fine let's let's
strategize the hell out of its strategy
nobody hit ready yet but Jack you
getting a potty what to strategize while
we're looking at our weapons oh okay
that's probably the smart thing sure
sorry I was spinning I was spinning in
the air I'm an asshole I was spinning I
apologize for being I was spinning
asshole and it was very important to me
that I spent all right
okay oh you know what let G back out
look we back out oh my god back out I
gonna I'm gonna invest in jetpacks with
my science if I have enough cuz if I
have enough I can upgrade it so that I
dropped two jetpacks at a time so I can
arm to people with jetpacks oh I need
one more science I don't have enough to
do that but I will bring a jetpack so
somebody can use it okay so somebody
could be mobile then I'll have my
running and snow poke okay and then mix
will use mechs mechs okay I'll bring one
Mac a jump pack a tank I think well I
think we'll be good right
trash
a whole mechanized division yes okay all
right
so Jack bring of the rocket launcher
okay that you just earned I'll grab the
support pack okay I'll reload your
rocket launcher quickly when the big
bugs show up okay cool
I'm with you there's a robot suit mm-hmm
I'm grabbing I'll grab to robot suits
for people somebody else is gonna need
to bring ammo then I have ammo all right
jump pack and what am I forgetting
I don't I'm just thinking just thinking
how do I don't I don't know what's going
on okay we have too many people bringing
or eject that beacon you're bringing
that to other people have you only need
one okay sure so get ready yours we're
gonna switch that with someone else okay
let's uh well you got what do you got
jack yeah strafing run I got uh the
turret I could bring a turret yeah bring
a truck okay I'll bring break a turret
right then a turret a super bomb a
rocket launcher and ammo let's rock and
roll
all-night party on the weekends oh I
forgot okay I didn't forget the tank
well I got too much we'll be we'll be
fine we'll make it work I did forget I
did forget to bring my tank car that's
all right that's all right that's what I
knew us forgetting something I couldn't
remember what it was well Bo Bonner will
see the tank again will do next time
we'll do it next mission it'll be fine
it'll be fine everything's gonna be fine
all the time find all the time just as
one time just this one time it's gonna
be fine it's gonna be fine great yeah
yeah they're trusting me with something
called the super bomb okay get all get
all your shit out no 20 is not the max
I've heard fifty years
all right now that's two jetpacks I'm
dropping those for other people
okay but I did forget to change my perk
to the walking snow but that's okay
that's okay
I keep fucking up left and right jack I
keep fucking up okay you you want that
jet pack
No so do is grab the jet pack I can deal
with not bein mobile you drop the rocket
launcher Jack so we can start using you
know what I'm gonna warm up
alright alright hold on we gotta get a
jet wrap a rocket launcher I'll grab the
trash you can you can you have the jump
back alright get out of there Oh bother
here's the jet pack huh you got the jump
pack do I hit hit X what happens yeah
all right
Oh bother you can get in the mech and
then I got you got the rocket launcher
right me
oh I grabbed the rocket launch put aside
idiot all right fucking up left him
right here I hate it I'm mad at myself
no I am I just fucked up way to go yeah
okay well let's move on we got it we got
objectives to complete I feel so stupid
number your zit Rick you're supposed to
be the one that leads us I know very
experienced party here and I fucked it
up yeah I dropped the ball
you did you did but that's okay
sometimes we you know what do we do when
we fall rich pick ourselves back it's
not my punishment yes all right trashy
get out of the way or I'm gonna shoot
you with my bazooka and we don't want
that all right loading
all right one down I died I died
I died too the big thing
someone make me alive wait we gonna shut
off those you know
all right you know what I am going to
deliver it die here you're gonna die yes
you gonna grab the rocket launcher and I
will take the D ammo and then we'll do
this efficiently okay
Oh father can you step on me I need the
diaper just keep stepping on me
all right Jack grab the rocket launcher
okay
but not the support involving thought
I'd know I'll grab this poor kid but I
do need to be alive to do that so we
need to make me alive oh sure come on
I am alive enriched
all right okay don't don't you grab it
I'm not grabbing the support kit all
right are you loaded no okay you're
loaded now so fast that was the great
that was great
all right I now have not rocket launcher
thing all right we're gonna shoot at
that hive down there
what hive it that thing that hold okay
ready that's a bug hole did it now
you're reloaded now we go to the next
objective okay let's do this there's one
more hive over here yeah yeah okay
and you can you know to switch weapons
and we're not using the right app damn
it
summit all right hold on
what the bazooka I died bazooka
situation all right we have a me dead
situation thank you
grab the Mizzou gun let's go grabbing
got it okay
where we going all right Oh Bobby you
didn't need to step on me that time ah
science where we going up up there's one
more hive right here okay see I'm on it
wait wait don't shoot me we're gonna get
out of the front way don't be too close
to the shooter you'll blow up sure
already yep
all right there we go know where you
wanted North yeah we gotta go Norfolk
okay
head north do you have a sport pack
oh yeah thank you okay
north oh yeah we got to get those oil
thingies over here north and to the
right let's move let's move let's move
madness that is great
great
shit Jackie either rocket launcher you
gotta kill a big bug wherever the heli
is I'm working on it I'm working on just
getting up okay big bug where is he
nope nope nope nope nope nope shit shit
shit
nope nope nope
Wow two challenging for us right no no
we're trying to go is not too
challenging it's it's it's it's a
challenging oh wait wait we're not dead
oh my god
somebody got a reinforce off in time oh
my god I but I wasn't paying attention
so I died again okay sorry everybody
I took my eyes off the prize all right
now I'm gonna get less dumb okay do we
did we finish that mission no we still
need to finish this mission let's get in
there
head back to head back to the mission
head back to the mission okay I'm
heading back
I've got the support kit okay grabber
Simmons animal because I kind of need it
right out
okay
Jackie all more sequence ago I can't see
it
got it
bottom-1 oh fuck sorry tentacles oh my
god Oh bother it's all up to you now I
fucking hate the snow so much jack do it
Oh bother do it get us out of there come
on boy you're up there grab the science
you know if you got time if you got time
get that science shoot those tentacles
okay come on we still have we have a
mission okay back in it
let's go we still got shit to do down
here got the rocket launcher
I have the lower pylon
okay one
good yep
great keep it up guys keep it up
Oh God up here shit
great South are we all here
no hold on
she says shit
oh oh I felt oh no I fell off a cliff
no nothing that's a cliff Oh bother
it's all up to you again oh yeah it's
like plug it in allah fucked up what
testing testing that's good alright
alright yeah we need to do my cable i
think yeah stun grenades
rich can you play solo I can't hear you
Mike joke
that's a mic joke working out great
thank you we do now we'll still go you
can get window window well what other is
in next mission okay
sorry you're gonna bring your car good
thing I'm gonna bring my car this time
yes fuck use use is a stunt well the
stun grenade like the the stun grenade
is is useful for like that big monster I
could stun it and then we could you know
we can shoot it while it's stunned I
think a stun grenade is could be useful
ooh heavy armor don't get that no that
slows you down okay which we don't want
right now sure this is what I fuckin
want because I'm an idiot for not taking
that oh fuck me for being so goddamn
stupid I'm very sorry
how do you use stun grenades I've never
used them because they sound terrible
I'm gonna give it a try they sound
absolutely moronic Laser laser aim
module it is oh how do you throw
grenades again I just just left trigger
left oh okay
how awkward what this terminates alright
technically I'm still playing
blood-borne but I'm Lee switched between
blood-borne and hell drivers last couple
days I've been either busy with red
letter media stuff for game too busy to
run around or playing this mmm so I
haven't really played blood-borne much
since the last stream but it's still on
my mind I'm definitely meant like I
might even pick that up tonight we're
getting in the tank also I couldn't
upgrade the jetpack alright alright who
wants to it here someone grabbed that
support kit I'll grab the support kit
okay someone's already on the turret
that turret will blow up the big bugs so
save the red turret for the giant bugs
that show up don't use it on any of
these smaller guys like you just did
like that right there you're gonna do
waste that was a horrible waste you're
wasting our valuable mo that we need for
the giant bugs then smash us like II did
it again all right all right trashy
you're off turret duty bring me back
alive and Jack you can drive okay well
maybe it'll bother knows what he's doing
all right all right let's move it let's
move it out wait stop stop
oh okay I'll just follow you one foot
all right
all right no Dex that's the guy you want
to use that cannon on yeah I can't fit
through there am I going
okay here's the here's the hole all
right Oh Bob use that big turret on
those holes open oppa didn't work didn't
work okay that's not working all right
I'm gonna use them no that did work your
mind shoot the other one that's working
uh-huh
now shoot the big bug all right north
north let's rock and roll
get over here rich Lima poison Oh guess
we done all right all right North North
this is great this is way easier yeah I
know I should have brought that tank in
the first place Wow
wait why wouldn't I do that I mean this
take is super useful it's yeah it seems
like really dumb oh you didn't bring it
all right all right somebody get out I'm
on it whoa whoa yeah yeah cover with the
machine gun from the car
I got you thank you
someone's got me rich got it
thank you behind you I'm not available
get up poison
just get it get it get it get it imma
kid I'm gonna get enough
fuck
all right okay got one
did did nope that okay
whoa
okay got it
alright everybody back in the car back
in the car no we'll get you back okay
well we'll get you later that's the
smart thing to do yes no you're right
you're right we leave behind it put the
lice bazooka
I should probably grab the bazooka
I left a bit suka you know no big deal
with this thing
all right okay ready
we're better always dying we're all
right sit down of my dad too late you're
dead south south I thought we needed to
get the bazooka Oh the bazooka never a
man yeah that's that's that's when I
said and I clean forgot
grab the bazooka I ran over myself I
somehow ran over myself while driving
rich yeah I know I did that once myself
twice myself actually let's go all right
we gotta be careful this thing's gonna
blow soon okay hop in wait just start
you're driving just are driving okay I'm
pretty mobile okay great we're going
south okay shit sorry I'm so good I know
I know stupid rocks want somebody not to
be in the car in case it explodes sure
I'm with you don't fall off the cliff
no that's why we don't want everyone in
the car seems a little cumbersome use me
bugs all right here
all right here
all right that doesn't prove tank okay
jack right watch for that thing I'm on
it a second I don't have my rocket
launcher who grabbed it I don't know
someone else grabs it
okay trashy I think you grabbed the
rocket launcher you're gonna need to
shoot the big bugs I'll reload you like
the big bug get the rocket launcher
ready and we'll shoot that big bug down
there yeah you know all right now I'm
gonna reload you there you go there you
go all right you're on big bug dude you
know this is your job now you get the
big bugs
alright someone probably married
okay all right left left
langa turret try this new static via I
have freedom delivery exhaust - of
course it does alright
all right do we still at the rocket
launcher trashy I'll bother you can get
the mech suit I drown tragic oh yeah
there you go your reloaded shoot a big
button but actually we might have
already gotten to the club never mind
Crais
wow that's Hertz still working ten
seconds we got all of it we get it with
this one we got what why would you say
that tempting fate
all right we're free glare some help
some help well we lost someone sorry
sorry trashy we left you behind
Oh trash is dead yeah Oh No what happens
if we've completed the mission and
someone said I think we get less points
or something oh okay I think somebody
needs to make it out I've never had I've
never had nobody'd make it out well yeah
I knew it was the mission
well it can take off without you I think
you can find just call heaven I had
imagined you'd call it again
okay great
hey we did it yay like does he still get
experience yep no thing we just get less
no I don't think trash you got
experience does he die you know I did oh
yeah I went up a little bit any one of
one city I don't
oh there yeah okay never mind okay if
there's another way if people want to
join in how many missions does Oh bother
been on that were successes yeah
Oh Bobby I think you could stay for one
more yeah I think it's your first
success you can stay for one more
yeah somebody else wants to take trashy
spot now's the time to do that you need
to be either mine or Jax friend on Steam
yes so trashy thank you yeah are you
gonna wave you salute trashy yep
waving salute everybody oh I wanna dance
with somebody so somebody else can come
in wanna feel the heat of somebody yeah
I wanna dance with somebody with
somebody who loves me what about don't
you wanna dance dance Whitney Houston is
was an American treasure
Obama keeps looking for a push-to-talk
button
it's uh I know it's if you're using a
controller it's it's the right stick
right stick pushing down pushing down
pushing down what what what what what
what yeah seal bothers gonna make more
hey hey your voice are you son so weird
I sound weird why oh I just expected you
sound better I'm being an ass it's great
it's great it's nice hearing you this is
what I have to deal with every day okay
oh is that Winnie the Pooh reference is
that specifically what that is
actually no I just went for the British
phrase but I'll take winnie-the-pooh as
well okay okay all right selecting drop
zone use a set it to push-to-talk
because we're getting a lot of weird
echoey things going on
all right we're gonna know you settle
jump acts that is true
fuck those jet packs all right we're
gonna do
dueling rocket launchers jack we're
gonna reload each other oh I think that
that sounds like oh we have we have new
person I just
even just no oh Red Dog Google team ah
Red Dog Altima Jack Red Dog Ultimo hello
well hello and welcome for democracy for
democracy freedom spring freedom to
those bugs yeah bug freedom
well we got science right off the bat
nice I'm on it
all right we're getting that's science
so Jack this time pick up the kit and
the rocket launcher we could reload each
other's I'll have the kid and the ranch
equipment have the kit and the rocket
launcher sure
I'm having an we can switch off I'm
blowing up giant awful bugs what what
objective do you want to go for first we
want to get these northern ones out of
the way because the exit itself yep so
let's go way up to the top all right I'm
the only person here without like a big
rocket bag uh-oh let's go you only need
one or two I'll tell you what if I die I
don't care if you pick up mine cuz I got
a pretty nice assault rifle richest
thing you can have his scraps basically
so you know congratulations aids better
than nothing be okay here in my
standard-issue boots just be glad I'm
not making you pay for mo you bested and
I am calling it officially some day
yay games will charge for ammo you'll
get you'll start off with like two clips
yeah anymore med in a match
you better pay for it mm-hmm really it's
just incentivizing you to you know be
better at a service
it's a gameplay mechanic that that were
I think that's gonna make players drive
to to be the best
whoa thanks for getting my back there
rad dog golf commander his level 18 he's
is legit it's pretty dangerous over
there
all right this gun is working much
better with these bugs we're getting a
lot of a lot of small guys yeah and the
railgun
really wants me use that bigger target
yeah yeah oh no I thought like the
shotgun was working great you know
especially I'm like groups of small bugs
yeah
it's just like one shot takes out
multiple the small ones but then you
have these medium sized bugs though and
you need something really with some
science where you got it are you got it
okay taken care of and love that science
science first science for democracy and
Jack you know no you're just using a
pistol right I have the other thing you
can switch between your regular thing
and the rocket oh yeah
well yeah but I had a hold why just hit
why tap why oh oh this whole time this
whole time I don't know things I don't
know things or stuff apparently all
right Jeff we're gonna rocket launcher
some hives okay great
this is gonna be great we're doing okay
don't know that was me I fired the
rocket well I guess this is death now
all right we'll probably get out of the
way get out of the way get out of the
way get out of the way okay you and your
damn normal that's true that's true yeah
hey Jack you want you want the rocket
launcher do you want I have a rocket
launch you want old bother to have the
right I have a rocket launch well you
don't have any hate you dropped it when
you died I still have it I just used it
Oh somebody else had it right oh that oh
read have one I didn't notice that all
right come buddy reload me yeah okay you
reload me yeah
okay all right Jagger or read reload
mate yeah yeah you've got it all right
whoa we need ammo big bug I hope
somebody brought ammo
I have ammo I can do an ammo drop it for
you if you need it
now let's snap that by this big bharden
let's I don't want to lose that rocket
launcher or somebody
Thank You somebody else to take that
responsibility off the ground
nope and that immediately where's that
big bug I got him oh good all right
you're going back you come back relax
I'm sitting here I get it I get it jack
I get it
okay let's move weight support kit yeah
yeah and the Rye laundry sup punch ya
did good scouts done alright
we got a ways to go I'm gonna drop a
tank okay
yeah get a tank in here all right let's
do it
I got this turret and I remember to wait
yeah yeah save that for the big targets
later so much ammo okay where are you
motherfucker
oh I see yeah yeah that's okay listen
there's a decent amount if you if you
can hit the scouts before they start
spawning bugs it's worth it
okay can we do that consistently no
single player
science all right forget it saw you
sighs I am for silence get it hit it for
the second
I know you I didn't know you could Ram
those bigger ones - that's great
all right this is much better when I
have the proper loadout yeah it's a
little easier when I when I think more
before I start the mission when you use
your brains when I use my brains better
cuz technically I used my brains like oh
that sure I did a bad job using my brain
sure
all right now we're now we're cooking
with gas gas now we have an escort
mission those always go I really had one
successful escort mission all right well
let's see if we can do it let's do it
rich don't you don't you waste that
thing on that little bug jacket don't
you do it why not why not he's you're
doing he's right there I could get know
you could I see it I see it being
trained on him and everything
oh is that it's right there oh never
mind okay I've never had it hit me so I
don't know should I shoot it with my big
toe I wouldn't do that news you think I
should shoot it with my big guy get it
rich we need to follow it nope
come on Oh bother we're following it
follows the payload normal boots
they really I mean snow what were they
thinking other than just being cruel
that's what they're thinking let's see
what we can do to fuck with the player
it's great
hey you want a challenge fine have some
snow motherfucker
looks pretty clear shit like tar
get up get up get up
nope I'm hitting invisible Brock yeah
fuck it if I kept going around it's
alright it's alright how we're there if
I have to defend it no that's that's I
think that's just success great
all right down into the right slightly
and that's the extraction point don't
run over okay Oh bothers it let's roll
running over bugs
let's roll it's very important to run
over bugs that's true an important
outline and satisfying it is it's very
satisfying running over bugs all right
yeah ready to go bugs are probably the
most fun to fight yeah
just because then it's a Starship
Troopers game oh I hate that so much
killing yourself it's very strict yeah
you can't be moving at all you instantly
get run over it could be going as fast
as like a bicycle right Oh big guy I got
him oh are you guys my rocket launcher
is under the car alright now I can get
up my rocket launcher great just gonna
stay here and charge left do we not call
the shuttle mm-hmm whoopsie
you know it's the little things like
calling the shuttle these are the things
that make a mission victorious or
failure haven't gotten to shoot anything
in a while get out there nope
there we go that's what I was waiting
for boom that's what I was here for that
one shot that guy - fuck him we're near
the end if you want to get a bit more
liberal with what you shoot with that
thing I'm okay with it okay great
I have permission from Richard things
now Oh Judy Jack oh my god you also
killed Oh bother
well he was in the law I'm gonna take
away your shoot anything privileges
because I said shoot anything and I
wasn't talking about Oh bother
too bad I'm shooting everything you give
me permission exactly next time be more
specific
those you're your teammates
name's uncle again
I got it
all right doc all right I got dropped in
just in time to get back
all right Oh Bobby you can stick around
for this last mission because you
deserve the widget at the end of beating
this planet sure you deserve the widget
oh oh oh so close so close to leveling
up so much science science and the shit
out of all this oh no he left before
hitting the da button
oh we're just stuck here we're just
stuck here waiting I get you're moving
around and I think something very
somebody showed up as door yeah heard
you're our stream well that's that's
pretty cool okay last fine all right
what what type of MS is this one of
those we have to kill 800 bugs what kind
of destroy bug no no it's a normal
normal
Oh fine activating fan launch pad
retrieved black box destroy bug NASA's
alright any any suggestions for changing
our loadout here you think we're rolling
around just fine I think you know that
tank I think we're fine alright I think
I might nothing that's fine that's fine
you think you might what Jack I was
gonna say oh why is there a big question
mark because this is on we don't know it
the objective is somewhere in that
circle we don't know where self if
somebody's bringing I mean I could bring
my my probe thing that scans the area
and that will find it sure or we could
just stumble across it no it looks like
oh I bet he's got it fully leveled one
two which is great great let's do it
then do it then it's gonna be great
see this whole process that's what rich
went through before getting onto the the
extraction ship that's right yes exactly
oh yeah no it like he buck up like he
had to get addressed to like he got his
uniform on buckled at all I love man
this noise in the ammo I need my snow
shoes absolutely right I'm here guys oh
okay okay all right I was prepared nice
prepared either way that's fine I can do
that it's fine okay I didn't throw you
shame i watch out ready excellent
they're close to you
is that north
I got it okay
where I'll reload you right here all
right
hey where's the objective jacked up into
the left on the left I've been to the
left of them to the left left
sorry up into the right all right all
right we're going right I joined that's
fine never listen to Jack it's fine
never mind Jack when it comes to
directions or science columns or rows
let's get up here okay there's a
straight north
yeah be clever not disarming a bomb they
have those missions you know oh here it
is this might come up I seem to get
every gal away I want to kill anyone
again all right got one load babe
got a alright reload me I think I did
yep thank you
alright done easy peas okay now we need
to go down into the right all the way
down all the way down down right all the
way down all the way down and slightly
to the right
stage right hey Drake came elect Wotton
there's been confusion with that around
here every now oh shit that was me hey
sorry about
okay game over and all the way down down
into time doctor yeah oh shit
okay oh I thought it was someone else
have you ever had that happen in this
game yeah all the time then why all the
time really easy to lose track of who
you are yes
strangest thing like also for me because
I'm on this very tiny screen okay now we
take it to the right yeah all right good
who's got it
actually what do I get that science
first that's down here there's science
there's yep
of course what sells let's let's collect
all the things well yeah I didn't know
there was science I lost track of it it
was on the map a second ago I guess we
ran out of beacon I'll be above okay I
got to get that thing fully leveled just
finding all the science sounds great oh
there it is
I got alright alright not back to the
objective okay great
scumbags yes bring democracy to those
scumbags it's great because we're
bringing democracy to bugs and like
quote democracy but we but they have no
concept of democracy they're bugs ma'am
I think I think you now get the joke
well I know I probably the Queen the
Queen yes always the Queen unanimously
strangely enough
if the Queen pans intensely every year
she's the people's cool thing they love
her
well they they like her policy on
chemically controlling their actions
where's her where's our suitcase we're
defending yep they doing fine
we've been defending so long I assume we
went down here you soon realize still
defending thank you what was that that
was I think you screaming oh you'd pick
the chickens and she would oh I got
injured as a bug compelled my my guts
oh okay somebody picked me up okay I'm
okay no way we're still defending ya got
eight seconds this is fine okay it's not
fine okay these guys right here
great yeah here's the house fuck it easy
boom this is you guys fuck it easy yeah
okay then right and I'm not feeling up
to walking all the way up all the way
north wait wait
we got science surrett hold on Oh bother
I'm coming
where's it at all right little bit down
science science croissants science and
democracy rarely mix she killed me with
science blighted me or blinded and I
don't know music besides I just know
that that's all I know I can sing that
song and just sing that one what science
Darren I'm a fucking musician
congratulations oh no more science I got
it I get ya grab the science there's
some science slightly to the right yep
and and then our objective is a little
bit to the left and up all right let's
do this
ship didn't give the scouts of time
you quit what what sort of equipment is
dropping oh shit
it was my it was my Becca and I dropped
it on me and Oh Bobby yes you're free to
use it someone scrape the rich off oh my
god it killed me I didn't get the chance
to throw my my immobilization field so
now I'm stuck in the immobilization
field that I dropped when I died
dive oak diving works that's great thank
you Obama you think the other trigger is
your rocket launchers in that mech you
only get so many so be careful
oh this just can't became a hundred
percent more useful
kill those bugs with democracy look at
all these corpses they're so free
I vote for bullet
all right nobody gets squashed fun yeah
alright no bother thank you for your
assistance we know kindly ask that you
step out and give somebody else a chance
to get in but thanks for coming my
answer off of the air as soon as I can
your answer to which I missed something
because I know it's just a joke oh
that's like something you do yeah and by
Collin radio shows like oh I like a
radio show a radio show rich I I don't
know rich doesn't listen to radio or
watch TV okay I used to listen to radio
okay I know it as much lately base like
NPR oh I'm here it's great can see ours
wait wait wait don't tell me
This American Life yeah let's go um
radio a home for a companion locust
garrison cute here's a killer that felt
like a chauffeur for 95 year olds we now
go to news from Lake Wobegon it's always
amazing
we do take donations we're now starting
our pre donation drive drive where if
you donate now you don't have to donate
later thank you
disengage stand back Oh
okay great
I'm dead on it
okay get in there we're getting there
wait we're not there yet
okay
fuck
we're gonna do it we're gonna be fun
we're mine everything's fine okay great
right South South now motherfuckers
almost fucking snow it makes it fun I
mean you know makes it challenging
oh shit that sounded bad that's alright
that's alright keep starting up just
keep moving keep moving south move south
come on guys let's go let's go let's go
dude you did you didn't intend to dinner
okay yeah I'm using the the sprinting
perk which is just absolutely fucking
worthless in the snow almost there
almost there
okay to the left to the left there it is
there it is come on
okay there should be another pylon
somewhere I'll save that for the ladies
oh shit
bugs on me oh you fuck you killed me you
fuck someone help a brother out wait
wait
thank you oh my god big guy
alright his ass is vulnerable somebody
can get around and shoot him in the ass
well I'm stunning him that would work
okay great now head up to the other
pylon we get this one not yet
so he's good
all right
easy
everything's easy this is great I get on
there Oh bother you've got this man
you've got this and we got your back get
out of that rich it's gonna drop right
now using my white what is dropping no
ammo
okay all right Jack where's the next
thing we go where's the next place we
gotta go straight to the left the
extraction Oh God
big guy oh that's that didn't oh god oh
how much science do I have what I'm
gonna upgrade jetpacks oh shit and then
I'm gonna bring jetpacks two people can
use jetpacks
and then you can jump in the snow then
I'm gonna use I have a perk that lets me
run in snow nice so we're gonna change
your strategy you should attempt to
Helldivers no death-room
I do try that on individual plants
obviously you know I get a little
fucking game that way all right yeah
yeah or just bring the tank
I can run with you fine let's let's
strategize the hell out of its strategy
nobody hit ready yet but Jack you
getting a potty what to strategize while
we're looking at our weapons oh okay
that's probably the smart thing sure
sorry I was spinning I was spinning in
the air I'm an asshole I was spinning I
apologize for being I was spinning
asshole and it was very important to me
that I spent all right
okay oh you know what let G back out
look we back out oh my god back out I
gonna I'm gonna invest in jetpacks with
my science if I have enough cuz if I
have enough I can upgrade it so that I
dropped two jetpacks at a time so I can
arm to people with jetpacks oh I need
one more science I don't have enough to
do that but I will bring a jetpack so
somebody can use it okay so somebody
could be mobile then I'll have my
running and snow poke okay and then mix
will use mechs mechs okay I'll bring one
Mac a jump pack a tank I think well I
think we'll be good right
trash
a whole mechanized division yes okay all
right
so Jack bring of the rocket launcher
okay that you just earned I'll grab the
support pack okay I'll reload your
rocket launcher quickly when the big
bugs show up okay cool
I'm with you there's a robot suit mm-hmm
I'm grabbing I'll grab to robot suits
for people somebody else is gonna need
to bring ammo then I have ammo all right
jump pack and what am I forgetting
I don't I'm just thinking just thinking
how do I don't I don't know what's going
on okay we have too many people bringing
or eject that beacon you're bringing
that to other people have you only need
one okay sure so get ready yours we're
gonna switch that with someone else okay
let's uh well you got what do you got
jack yeah strafing run I got uh the
turret I could bring a turret yeah bring
a truck okay I'll bring break a turret
right then a turret a super bomb a
rocket launcher and ammo let's rock and
roll
all-night party on the weekends oh I
forgot okay I didn't forget the tank
well I got too much we'll be we'll be
fine we'll make it work I did forget I
did forget to bring my tank car that's
all right that's all right that's what I
knew us forgetting something I couldn't
remember what it was well Bo Bonner will
see the tank again will do next time
we'll do it next mission it'll be fine
it'll be fine everything's gonna be fine
all the time find all the time just as
one time just this one time it's gonna
be fine it's gonna be fine great yeah
yeah they're trusting me with something
called the super bomb okay get all get
all your shit out no 20 is not the max
I've heard fifty years
all right now that's two jetpacks I'm
dropping those for other people
okay but I did forget to change my perk
to the walking snow but that's okay
that's okay
I keep fucking up left and right jack I
keep fucking up okay you you want that
jet pack
No so do is grab the jet pack I can deal
with not bein mobile you drop the rocket
launcher Jack so we can start using you
know what I'm gonna warm up
alright alright hold on we gotta get a
jet wrap a rocket launcher I'll grab the
trash you can you can you have the jump
back alright get out of there Oh bother
here's the jet pack huh you got the jump
pack do I hit hit X what happens yeah
all right
Oh bother you can get in the mech and
then I got you got the rocket launcher
right me
oh I grabbed the rocket launch put aside
idiot all right fucking up left him
right here I hate it I'm mad at myself
no I am I just fucked up way to go yeah
okay well let's move on we got it we got
objectives to complete I feel so stupid
number your zit Rick you're supposed to
be the one that leads us I know very
experienced party here and I fucked it
up yeah I dropped the ball
you did you did but that's okay
sometimes we you know what do we do when
we fall rich pick ourselves back it's
not my punishment yes all right trashy
get out of the way or I'm gonna shoot
you with my bazooka and we don't want
that all right loading
all right one down I died I died
I died too the big thing
someone make me alive wait we gonna shut
off those you know
all right you know what I am going to
deliver it die here you're gonna die yes
you gonna grab the rocket launcher and I
will take the D ammo and then we'll do
this efficiently okay
Oh father can you step on me I need the
diaper just keep stepping on me
all right Jack grab the rocket launcher
okay
but not the support involving thought
I'd know I'll grab this poor kid but I
do need to be alive to do that so we
need to make me alive oh sure come on
I am alive enriched
all right okay don't don't you grab it
I'm not grabbing the support kit all
right are you loaded no okay you're
loaded now so fast that was the great
that was great
all right I now have not rocket launcher
thing all right we're gonna shoot at
that hive down there
what hive it that thing that hold okay
ready that's a bug hole did it now
you're reloaded now we go to the next
objective okay let's do this there's one
more hive over here yeah yeah okay
and you can you know to switch weapons
and we're not using the right app damn
it
summit all right hold on
what the bazooka I died bazooka
situation all right we have a me dead
situation thank you
grab the Mizzou gun let's go grabbing
got it okay
where we going all right Oh Bobby you
didn't need to step on me that time ah
science where we going up up there's one
more hive right here okay see I'm on it
wait wait don't shoot me we're gonna get
out of the front way don't be too close
to the shooter you'll blow up sure
already yep
all right there we go know where you
wanted North yeah we gotta go Norfolk
okay
head north do you have a sport pack
oh yeah thank you okay
north oh yeah we got to get those oil
thingies over here north and to the
right let's move let's move let's move
madness that is great
great
shit Jackie either rocket launcher you
gotta kill a big bug wherever the heli
is I'm working on it I'm working on just
getting up okay big bug where is he
nope nope nope nope nope nope shit shit
shit
nope nope nope
Wow two challenging for us right no no
we're trying to go is not too
challenging it's it's it's it's a
challenging oh wait wait we're not dead
oh my god
somebody got a reinforce off in time oh
my god I but I wasn't paying attention
so I died again okay sorry everybody
I took my eyes off the prize all right
now I'm gonna get less dumb okay do we
did we finish that mission no we still
need to finish this mission let's get in
there
head back to head back to the mission
head back to the mission okay I'm
heading back
I've got the support kit okay grabber
Simmons animal because I kind of need it
right out
okay
Jackie all more sequence ago I can't see
it
got it
bottom-1 oh fuck sorry tentacles oh my
god Oh bother it's all up to you now I
fucking hate the snow so much jack do it
Oh bother do it get us out of there come
on boy you're up there grab the science
you know if you got time if you got time
get that science shoot those tentacles
okay come on we still have we have a
mission okay back in it
let's go we still got shit to do down
here got the rocket launcher
I have the lower pylon
okay one
good yep
great keep it up guys keep it up
Oh God up here shit
great South are we all here
no hold on
she says shit
oh oh I felt oh no I fell off a cliff
no nothing that's a cliff Oh bother
it's all up to you again oh yeah it's
like plug it in allah fucked up what
testing testing that's good alright
alright yeah we need to do my cable i
think yeah stun grenades
rich can you play solo I can't hear you
Mike joke
that's a mic joke working out great
thank you we do now we'll still go you
can get window window well what other is
in next mission okay
sorry you're gonna bring your car good
thing I'm gonna bring my car this time
yes fuck use use is a stunt well the
stun grenade like the the stun grenade
is is useful for like that big monster I
could stun it and then we could you know
we can shoot it while it's stunned I
think a stun grenade is could be useful
ooh heavy armor don't get that no that
slows you down okay which we don't want
right now sure this is what I fuckin
want because I'm an idiot for not taking
that oh fuck me for being so goddamn
stupid I'm very sorry
how do you use stun grenades I've never
used them because they sound terrible
I'm gonna give it a try they sound
absolutely moronic Laser laser aim
module it is oh how do you throw
grenades again I just just left trigger
left oh okay
how awkward what this terminates alright
technically I'm still playing
blood-borne but I'm Lee switched between
blood-borne and hell drivers last couple
days I've been either busy with red
letter media stuff for game too busy to
run around or playing this mmm so I
haven't really played blood-borne much
since the last stream but it's still on
my mind I'm definitely meant like I
might even pick that up tonight we're
getting in the tank also I couldn't
upgrade the jetpack alright alright who
wants to it here someone grabbed that
support kit I'll grab the support kit
okay someone's already on the turret
that turret will blow up the big bugs so
save the red turret for the giant bugs
that show up don't use it on any of
these smaller guys like you just did
like that right there you're gonna do
waste that was a horrible waste you're
wasting our valuable mo that we need for
the giant bugs then smash us like II did
it again all right all right trashy
you're off turret duty bring me back
alive and Jack you can drive okay well
maybe it'll bother knows what he's doing
all right all right let's move it let's
move it out wait stop stop
oh okay I'll just follow you one foot
all right
all right no Dex that's the guy you want
to use that cannon on yeah I can't fit
through there am I going
okay here's the here's the hole all
right Oh Bob use that big turret on
those holes open oppa didn't work didn't
work okay that's not working all right
I'm gonna use them no that did work your
mind shoot the other one that's working
uh-huh
now shoot the big bug all right north
north let's rock and roll
get over here rich Lima poison Oh guess
we done all right all right North North
this is great this is way easier yeah I
know I should have brought that tank in
the first place Wow
wait why wouldn't I do that I mean this
take is super useful it's yeah it seems
like really dumb oh you didn't bring it
all right all right somebody get out I'm
on it whoa whoa yeah yeah cover with the
machine gun from the car
I got you thank you
someone's got me rich got it
thank you behind you I'm not available
get up poison
just get it get it get it get it imma
kid I'm gonna get enough
fuck
all right okay got one
did did nope that okay
whoa
okay got it
alright everybody back in the car back
in the car no we'll get you back okay
well we'll get you later that's the
smart thing to do yes no you're right
you're right we leave behind it put the
lice bazooka
I should probably grab the bazooka
I left a bit suka you know no big deal
with this thing
all right okay ready
we're better always dying we're all
right sit down of my dad too late you're
dead south south I thought we needed to
get the bazooka Oh the bazooka never a
man yeah that's that's that's when I
said and I clean forgot
grab the bazooka I ran over myself I
somehow ran over myself while driving
rich yeah I know I did that once myself
twice myself actually let's go all right
we gotta be careful this thing's gonna
blow soon okay hop in wait just start
you're driving just are driving okay I'm
pretty mobile okay great we're going
south okay shit sorry I'm so good I know
I know stupid rocks want somebody not to
be in the car in case it explodes sure
I'm with you don't fall off the cliff
no that's why we don't want everyone in
the car seems a little cumbersome use me
bugs all right here
all right here
all right that doesn't prove tank okay
jack right watch for that thing I'm on
it a second I don't have my rocket
launcher who grabbed it I don't know
someone else grabs it
okay trashy I think you grabbed the
rocket launcher you're gonna need to
shoot the big bugs I'll reload you like
the big bug get the rocket launcher
ready and we'll shoot that big bug down
there yeah you know all right now I'm
gonna reload you there you go there you
go all right you're on big bug dude you
know this is your job now you get the
big bugs
alright someone probably married
okay all right left left
langa turret try this new static via I
have freedom delivery exhaust - of
course it does alright
all right do we still at the rocket
launcher trashy I'll bother you can get
the mech suit I drown tragic oh yeah
there you go your reloaded shoot a big
button but actually we might have
already gotten to the club never mind
Crais
wow that's Hertz still working ten
seconds we got all of it we get it with
this one we got what why would you say
that tempting fate
all right we're free glare some help
some help well we lost someone sorry
sorry trashy we left you behind
Oh trash is dead yeah Oh No what happens
if we've completed the mission and
someone said I think we get less points
or something oh okay I think somebody
needs to make it out I've never had I've
never had nobody'd make it out well yeah
I knew it was the mission
well it can take off without you I think
you can find just call heaven I had
imagined you'd call it again
okay great
hey we did it yay like does he still get
experience yep no thing we just get less
no I don't think trash you got
experience does he die you know I did oh
yeah I went up a little bit any one of
one city I don't
oh there yeah okay never mind okay if
there's another way if people want to
join in how many missions does Oh bother
been on that were successes yeah
Oh Bobby I think you could stay for one
more yeah I think it's your first
success you can stay for one more
yeah somebody else wants to take trashy
spot now's the time to do that you need
to be either mine or Jax friend on Steam
yes so trashy thank you yeah are you
gonna wave you salute trashy yep
waving salute everybody oh I wanna dance
with somebody so somebody else can come
in wanna feel the heat of somebody yeah
I wanna dance with somebody with
somebody who loves me what about don't
you wanna dance dance Whitney Houston is
was an American treasure
Obama keeps looking for a push-to-talk
button
it's uh I know it's if you're using a
controller it's it's the right stick
right stick pushing down pushing down
pushing down what what what what what
what yeah seal bothers gonna make more
hey hey your voice are you son so weird
I sound weird why oh I just expected you
sound better I'm being an ass it's great
it's great it's nice hearing you this is
what I have to deal with every day okay
oh is that Winnie the Pooh reference is
that specifically what that is
actually no I just went for the British
phrase but I'll take winnie-the-pooh as
well okay okay all right selecting drop
zone use a set it to push-to-talk
because we're getting a lot of weird
echoey things going on
all right we're gonna know you settle
jump acts that is true
fuck those jet packs all right we're
gonna do
dueling rocket launchers jack we're
gonna reload each other oh I think that
that sounds like oh we have we have new
person I just
even just no oh Red Dog Google team ah
Red Dog Altima Jack Red Dog Ultimo hello
well hello and welcome for democracy for
democracy freedom spring freedom to
those bugs yeah bug freedom
well we got science right off the bat
nice I'm on it
all right we're getting that's science
so Jack this time pick up the kit and
the rocket launcher we could reload each
other's I'll have the kid and the ranch
equipment have the kit and the rocket
launcher sure
I'm having an we can switch off I'm
blowing up giant awful bugs what what
objective do you want to go for first we
want to get these northern ones out of
the way because the exit itself yep so
let's go way up to the top all right I'm
the only person here without like a big
rocket bag uh-oh let's go you only need
one or two I'll tell you what if I die I
don't care if you pick up mine cuz I got
a pretty nice assault rifle richest
thing you can have his scraps basically
so you know congratulations aids better
than nothing be okay here in my
standard-issue boots just be glad I'm
not making you pay for mo you bested and
I am calling it officially some day
yay games will charge for ammo you'll
get you'll start off with like two clips
yeah anymore med in a match
you better pay for it mm-hmm really it's
just incentivizing you to you know be
better at a service
it's a gameplay mechanic that that were
I think that's gonna make players drive
to to be the best
whoa thanks for getting my back there
rad dog golf commander his level 18 he's
is legit it's pretty dangerous over
there
all right this gun is working much
better with these bugs we're getting a
lot of a lot of small guys yeah and the
railgun
really wants me use that bigger target
yeah yeah oh no I thought like the
shotgun was working great you know
especially I'm like groups of small bugs
yeah
it's just like one shot takes out
multiple the small ones but then you
have these medium sized bugs though and
you need something really with some
science where you got it are you got it
okay taken care of and love that science
science first science for democracy and
Jack you know no you're just using a
pistol right I have the other thing you
can switch between your regular thing
and the rocket oh yeah
well yeah but I had a hold why just hit
why tap why oh oh this whole time this
whole time I don't know things I don't
know things or stuff apparently all
right Jeff we're gonna rocket launcher
some hives okay great
this is gonna be great we're doing okay
don't know that was me I fired the
rocket well I guess this is death now
all right we'll probably get out of the
way get out of the way get out of the
way get out of the way okay you and your
damn normal that's true that's true yeah
hey Jack you want you want the rocket
launcher do you want I have a rocket
launch you want old bother to have the
right I have a rocket launch well you
don't have any hate you dropped it when
you died I still have it I just used it
Oh somebody else had it right oh that oh
read have one I didn't notice that all
right come buddy reload me yeah okay you
reload me yeah
okay all right Jagger or read reload
mate yeah yeah you've got it all right
whoa we need ammo big bug I hope
somebody brought ammo
I have ammo I can do an ammo drop it for
you if you need it
now let's snap that by this big bharden
let's I don't want to lose that rocket
launcher or somebody
Thank You somebody else to take that
responsibility off the ground
nope and that immediately where's that
big bug I got him oh good all right
you're going back you come back relax
I'm sitting here I get it I get it jack
I get it
okay let's move weight support kit yeah
yeah and the Rye laundry sup punch ya
did good scouts done alright
we got a ways to go I'm gonna drop a
tank okay
yeah get a tank in here all right let's
do it
I got this turret and I remember to wait
yeah yeah save that for the big targets
later so much ammo okay where are you
motherfucker
oh I see yeah yeah that's okay listen
there's a decent amount if you if you
can hit the scouts before they start
spawning bugs it's worth it
okay can we do that consistently no
single player
science all right forget it saw you
sighs I am for silence get it hit it for
the second
I know you I didn't know you could Ram
those bigger ones - that's great
all right this is much better when I
have the proper loadout yeah it's a
little easier when I when I think more
before I start the mission when you use
your brains when I use my brains better
cuz technically I used my brains like oh
that sure I did a bad job using my brain
sure
all right now we're now we're cooking
with gas gas now we have an escort
mission those always go I really had one
successful escort mission all right well
let's see if we can do it let's do it
rich don't you don't you waste that
thing on that little bug jacket don't
you do it why not why not he's you're
doing he's right there I could get know
you could I see it I see it being
trained on him and everything
oh is that it's right there oh never
mind okay I've never had it hit me so I
don't know should I shoot it with my big
toe I wouldn't do that news you think I
should shoot it with my big guy get it
rich we need to follow it nope
come on Oh bother we're following it
follows the payload normal boots
they really I mean snow what were they
thinking other than just being cruel
that's what they're thinking let's see
what we can do to fuck with the player
it's great
hey you want a challenge fine have some
snow motherfucker
looks pretty clear shit like tar
get up get up get up
nope I'm hitting invisible Brock yeah
fuck it if I kept going around it's
alright it's alright how we're there if
I have to defend it no that's that's I
think that's just success great
all right down into the right slightly
and that's the extraction point don't
run over okay Oh bothers it let's roll
running over bugs
let's roll it's very important to run
over bugs that's true an important
outline and satisfying it is it's very
satisfying running over bugs all right
yeah ready to go bugs are probably the
most fun to fight yeah
just because then it's a Starship
Troopers game oh I hate that so much
killing yourself it's very strict yeah
you can't be moving at all you instantly
get run over it could be going as fast
as like a bicycle right Oh big guy I got
him oh are you guys my rocket launcher
is under the car alright now I can get
up my rocket launcher great just gonna
stay here and charge left do we not call
the shuttle mm-hmm whoopsie
you know it's the little things like
calling the shuttle these are the things
that make a mission victorious or
failure haven't gotten to shoot anything
in a while get out there nope
there we go that's what I was waiting
for boom that's what I was here for that
one shot that guy - fuck him we're near
the end if you want to get a bit more
liberal with what you shoot with that
thing I'm okay with it okay great
I have permission from Richard things
now Oh Judy Jack oh my god you also
killed Oh bother
well he was in the law I'm gonna take
away your shoot anything privileges
because I said shoot anything and I
wasn't talking about Oh bother
too bad I'm shooting everything you give
me permission exactly next time be more
specific
those you're your teammates
name's uncle again
I got it
all right doc all right I got dropped in
just in time to get back
all right Oh Bobby you can stick around
for this last mission because you
deserve the widget at the end of beating
this planet sure you deserve the widget
oh oh oh so close so close to leveling
up so much science science and the shit
out of all this oh no he left before
hitting the da button
oh we're just stuck here we're just
stuck here waiting I get you're moving
around and I think something very
somebody showed up as door yeah heard
you're our stream well that's that's
pretty cool okay last fine all right
what what type of MS is this one of
those we have to kill 800 bugs what kind
of destroy bug no no it's a normal
normal
Oh fine activating fan launch pad
retrieved black box destroy bug NASA's
alright any any suggestions for changing
our loadout here you think we're rolling
around just fine I think you know that
tank I think we're fine alright I think
I might nothing that's fine that's fine
you think you might what Jack I was
gonna say oh why is there a big question
mark because this is on we don't know it
the objective is somewhere in that
circle we don't know where self if
somebody's bringing I mean I could bring
my my probe thing that scans the area
and that will find it sure or we could
just stumble across it no it looks like
oh I bet he's got it fully leveled one
two which is great great let's do it
then do it then it's gonna be great
see this whole process that's what rich
went through before getting onto the the
extraction ship that's right yes exactly
oh yeah no it like he buck up like he
had to get addressed to like he got his
uniform on buckled at all I love man
this noise in the ammo I need my snow
shoes absolutely right I'm here guys oh
okay okay all right I was prepared nice
prepared either way that's fine I can do
that it's fine okay I didn't throw you
shame i watch out ready excellent
they're close to you
is that north
I got it okay
where I'll reload you right here all
right
hey where's the objective jacked up into
the left on the left I've been to the
left of them to the left left
sorry up into the right all right all
right we're going right I joined that's
fine never listen to Jack it's fine
never mind Jack when it comes to
directions or science columns or rows
let's get up here okay there's a
straight north
yeah be clever not disarming a bomb they
have those missions you know oh here it
is this might come up I seem to get
every gal away I want to kill anyone
again all right got one load babe
got a alright reload me I think I did
yep thank you
alright done easy peas okay now we need
to go down into the right all the way
down all the way down down right all the
way down all the way down and slightly
to the right
stage right hey Drake came elect Wotton
there's been confusion with that around
here every now oh shit that was me hey
sorry about
okay game over and all the way down down
into time doctor yeah oh shit
okay oh I thought it was someone else
have you ever had that happen in this
game yeah all the time then why all the
time really easy to lose track of who
you are yes
strangest thing like also for me because
I'm on this very tiny screen okay now we
take it to the right yeah all right good
who's got it
actually what do I get that science
first that's down here there's science
there's yep
of course what sells let's let's collect
all the things well yeah I didn't know
there was science I lost track of it it
was on the map a second ago I guess we
ran out of beacon I'll be above okay I
got to get that thing fully leveled just
finding all the science sounds great oh
there it is
I got alright alright not back to the
objective okay great
scumbags yes bring democracy to those
scumbags it's great because we're
bringing democracy to bugs and like
quote democracy but we but they have no
concept of democracy they're bugs ma'am
I think I think you now get the joke
well I know I probably the Queen the
Queen yes always the Queen unanimously
strangely enough
if the Queen pans intensely every year
she's the people's cool thing they love
her
well they they like her policy on
chemically controlling their actions
where's her where's our suitcase we're
defending yep they doing fine
we've been defending so long I assume we
went down here you soon realize still
defending thank you what was that that
was I think you screaming oh you'd pick
the chickens and she would oh I got
injured as a bug compelled my my guts
oh okay somebody picked me up okay I'm
okay no way we're still defending ya got
eight seconds this is fine okay it's not
fine okay these guys right here
great yeah here's the house fuck it easy
boom this is you guys fuck it easy yeah
okay then right and I'm not feeling up
to walking all the way up all the way
north wait wait
we got science surrett hold on Oh bother
I'm coming
where's it at all right little bit down
science science croissants science and
democracy rarely mix she killed me with
science blighted me or blinded and I
don't know music besides I just know
that that's all I know I can sing that
song and just sing that one what science
Darren I'm a fucking musician
congratulations oh no more science I got
it I get ya grab the science there's
some science slightly to the right yep
and and then our objective is a little
bit to the left and up all right let's
do this
ship didn't give the scouts of time
you quit what what sort of equipment is
dropping oh shit
it was my it was my Becca and I dropped
it on me and Oh Bobby yes you're free to
use it someone scrape the rich off oh my
god it killed me I didn't get the chance
to throw my my immobilization field so
now I'm stuck in the immobilization
field that I dropped when I died
dive oak diving works that's great thank
you Obama you think the other trigger is
your rocket launchers in that mech you
only get so many so be careful
oh this just can't became a hundred
percent more useful
kill those bugs with democracy look at
all these corpses they're so free
I vote for bullet
all right nobody gets squashed fun yeah
alright no bother thank you for your
assistance we know kindly ask that you
step out and give somebody else a chance
to get in but thanks for coming my
answer off of the air as soon as I can
your answer to which I missed something
because I know it's just a joke oh
that's like something you do yeah and by
Collin radio shows like oh I like a
radio show a radio show rich I I don't
know rich doesn't listen to radio or
watch TV okay I used to listen to radio
okay I know it as much lately base like
NPR oh I'm here it's great can see ours
wait wait wait don't tell me
This American Life yeah let's go um
radio a home for a companion locust
garrison cute here's a killer that felt
like a chauffeur for 95 year olds we now
go to news from Lake Wobegon it's always
amazing
we do take donations we're now starting
our pre donation drive drive where if
you donate now you don't have to donate
later thank you

[Part II]
Jack you have to pick machines that's
right democracy do you want do more bugs
you want switched cyborgs men oh yeah
what's cyborgs man is that their upper
left okay the indie system yeah we'll
see what's over there the bother has
abandoned us all right let's see you
where are we very easy we were in
challenging Thunder barrage or a grenade
launcher oh I kind of want that grenade
launcher but it's very challenging
well can we handle it we can try we have
we have HPV s and M C X's and if we win
this I get a grenade
GGH Y X's you're just you're making it
all up now I'll bring two tanks oh I'll
bring two tanks and we're gonna want a
lot of anti-tank for very challenging
and Cybermen okay
and if you are a friend of mere jack on
steam yep you can join this game there
are open slots if it's if it's been
about how long do we give them before
somebody old can jump back in yeah like
I'm like 10 minutes less sure 10 you
have it 10 minutes nobody else jumps in
and you want to come back in like Oh
bother or Neil Breen or trashy you can
come back in mm-hmm
the trashy you're gonna get fucked up I
saw you you're like a loved one when we
started do you just get a digger a
cyborg but I don't know they may be this
value in that there's a lesson to be
learned and getting your ass kicked by
cyborg this videogame the scar tissue
heals stronger all right
what Oh what kind of train was this
we're gonna it looks like a fire planet
I don't need my all-terrain booze
probably not speed is the name of the
game okay
mobilize the mobilization field is
fucking me up more than anything it's
done grains I'm gonna try stun grenades
oh I was gonna bring the tanks extra
tank I can replace that with a tank
replace it with a tank and I want
personal shields because I'm a selfish
bastard
oh now we got someone coming in yes for
20 Dark Souls I for 20 Dark Souls
welcome thank you for showing up to this
game for thank you for spreading
democracy
and he'll cheese okay let's do this
we're gonna we're gonna take a short
break after this I'm gonna go see if I
can free up a steam friend space for
other people sure sure sure are you
gonna delete me to hate me as a friend I
have some people who haven't been on
Steam
since III first let my steam name out
there and if somebody hasn't logged in
and like a year I think it's safe yeah
agreed
I think some people became my friend
just so they could talk to me that once
or twice and they didn't really care
about steam there's this friend let's
talk about this a bad man you know I
haven't really heard from me oh my God
we're getting attacked already yeah
Sybok men are not easy okay great oh
wait I grab somebody else's rocket
launcher because I'm dumb that's all
right
well I got the rocket launcher because
I'm dumb okay he'd ever load me great
was it yours jack yeah well oh no I have
a writer I think I grabbed Dark Souls
because I'm used to bringing a rock you
know what here I'm gonna fix that
problem and give you a rocket launcher
better I got I got I got overexcited is
what happened Oh happens grab weapons
yeah yeah absolutely and we'll need this
later anyway so it's all good it's all
good all right there's your rocket
launcher right okay sitting the head to
the right and up there's some science
and an oil thing okay the rightful owner
of that rocket launcher can pick it up
do I bring it maybe it did bring it
I'm gonna sue my brother fucking
Oh Oh our friend left us he's mad at me
he's mad at you for taking this right on
to okay I know you brought one I think
you know what I think I did and I just
forgot I did I'm weird
I'm occasionally I'm occasionally
scatterbrained yeah for whatever reason
when we stream my weight science to the
left I'm on it
my attention span I don't do things as
well well your attention is also on
talking yeah entertainment entertainment
uh purple bassist bazooka hey rich and
Jack just wanted to say thank you and
the whole rlm crew for the awesome job
we did I recently got my RL MTU hack
problems are now represented in Moscow
what whoo that's great that's great well
thanks for watching I'm glad we didn't
go to war 20 years ago because if we did
you never would have got that t-shirt
that's true that's the weed also all be
dead and that's the only reason we're
happy we didn't go to war horrible
radioactive fire right ready I'm ready
I'm ready I'm ready
I like that there's always the TV chair
Moscow seems like they're uh they're
kind of like on our side a bit with
terrorism okay to the right to the right
right right to the right
these look like dogs these are Cybermen
well there's cyborg dogs like those are
definitely cyber though oh I see I'm
with you oh I'll help you help you help
me up we're good
watch out Doug its course
totally wasted that I hate those things
not as much as I hate I hate basically
half of the the cyborg men units because
there are horrible
hey welcome George Foreman oh you have
somebody hey the one the only
heavyweight champion of the world hey I
don't think it's the George it's the
George Foreman that is highly highly
unlikely no I know this to be true get
out of it
I know this to be true it's the one the
only George Foreman I hate how else
they're gonna do that just half the time
this d-pad registers the wrong input oh
well that's that's a that's a problem
okay where we going we're going up into
the left whoa did anybody bring ammo
drops yeah okay okay for a little bit oh
my god we're instead of going straight
to the objective let's let's go around
the edge a bit because I'm looking at
the radar amount of red blips that way
let's go up and like kind of hook around
okay no problem let's do it we're doing
it we're doing it we're doing it we'll
get some mild stuff all right now let's
let's go over and see if we avoided the
patrols my old stealth nope
oh shit I love it
check - yo can you reload me they go
whoa
alright alright alright
we made it we made it everyone's alive
everyone's alive alright a little bit
over right here anyone using keyboard
and mouse no dirt vermin are you where
we're streaming did I wonder what
because they can see this on camp yeah
unless George Foreman is not from the
chat even though we said you weird
friend do you think they'd do this
we're both have control yeah I've heard
some people love the keyboard and mouse
controls and other people can't stand
them so I don't really know I've only
used the controller uh-huh is this this
feels like a controller game this isn't
diming twin sticks are usually
controller games pick me up
your Fuhrman don't walk right in front
of me when I'm shooting it's a good way
to get shot the back of the head
by the way I don't know if anyone just
saw but like that big Hulk of a Cyberman
yeah he was killing us all I needed to
reload through my stun grenade Adam
which made him stop shooting long enough
to reload and okay okay kill him so
those stun grenades kind of I'm kind of
pretty awesome
somebody could drop me some ammo without
a damn great on it I'm on my last clip
on it
you know what's awesome I was fuckin
bayonet yeah those charging dogs I can
just stab right my face nice wait an
ammo drop
it's a little science to the southeast
here you got it yeah I got it yep great
all right all right where we going Oh
science north to let's go north north
yeah we got anyway yeah I hate those big
guys
thank you
oh whoa right in front of me George
Foreman just take that rocket launcher
all right I want to lose it or not it's
just you know what retreat Retreat
retreat
oh no Red Dog
nice nice
oh my god yeah that was scary isn't it
that was that was a little scary
oh that's not me That's not me
what oh did someone just shoot that big
guy with her I think I think he blows up
when he dies oh is that what happened
shit we got a head north for that
objective
let's move out do we want to go south to
pick up our rocket launchers if we try I
guess we don't really need them you need
them it's fine it's fine it's fine great
alright let's head north oh fuck you
Matt you guys a game fuck you the game
Oh and left a little bit oh here's some
science on it got it okay left a little
bit
Oh with some science eat some yep where
is it Oh
Metal Detectors we gotta find the the
unexploded ordnance oh that's right
that's right and deactivate him because
it's very important that we deactivate
the explosives on the bub think we'd be
planting more expose more explosives
that's fine that's fine this is the game
I fuckin hate them so much
the Hulk's yep
as probably me that shot you sorry about
that Hulk is still there all right
I only calling in a friend oh never mind
it's already done it
anyone have any ammo I don't you know
what I got know about time I dig this
out
Hey yep yep time of the big guns
so what else what a drive yeah I'll go
all right that's fun
I'll turn it great everybody in
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
am i gone down there whoa we're getting
out of here
freedom see don't drive into the sights
oh you're on it era I'm gonna just keep
driving keep driving I'll catch up okay
now hopefully did you keep going keep on
keep going
sorry that's good that's good all right
thank you
doo doo doo doo doo doo did it to do Ron
driving
Hey look at all these guys all praise be
the teachings of Karl Marx well I don't
know that's a charge for that it said
all right what do we do here
we can either deactivate the the
anti-air guns or I can just shoot them
which is probably quicker okay I will
drive so where's the last one wait wait
wait back up back up back up back up
don't go okay shoot these guys behind
this Ridge just rival with him I'm gonna
save the ammo where are we going oh
there that's it right yeah
stage right get out that gets our Jevons
right out whoa sometimes driving this
car is hard science yeah that science
nope this way this thing is hard to move
sometimes I know let's take some getting
used to
right don't fall off a cliff and we're
fine not falling off a cliff
plow into them I don't know okay here it
forcement I got it I got it call the
coal motherfucking this shuttle nope I'm
gonna die oh shit
I didn't know you were there what hey I
shot you I didn't know that you were
there I was I was calling in a shuttle I
was in the middle of calling in a
shuttle to get us off this plan I like
hold on the shuttle over seven and I'm
the hero and you're dead you're just
dead you glory stealing son of a bitch
turret coming down
Olof ah guro you guys are run a great
show you can can you find a way to embed
the chat in the video like the ps4 does
the VOD czar only half is fun without it
you know we we had talked about that I I
don't much care for that I know like
part of the part of the fun is like our
interaction with the chat but I don't
want the chat like on the video forever
I always imagined somebody's gonna say
something just truly horrible and then
it's embedded in another wise fun video
forever right cuz it only takes one
jacket I'm not accusing you know all of
our entire fanbase here big jackass it
just takes one jerk right oh I was so
stupid of me I basically walked right in
front of a turret oh like slowly even
whoa up ship
oh I walked in front of the turret on my
way to the dropship thank you let's roll
get out of there I'm rambling it fuck
you I don't give them the dropship gets
blown up fuck you as far as I know it
can't know front of them that was a nice
mission we did it we worked as a team
umm he more I'm reluctant to tell dread
believe huh he said he's been hurtful
well I guess it the said he's here for
this whole set no matter what right red
Red Dog I want to try Red Dog and stay
for the planet to capture the planet I
want to try for the hardest one and I
want a good team with us when we do it
you can't choose man I want that bug
Cape Jack there's a bug Cape this is a
they get the special Cape for being like
the further furthest planet over to the
right on the screen okay
I want that Cape okay that seemed like a
pretty good team right there this this
is my secret plan for the stream I just
wanted to assemble it seems good enough
to get me that cape that's it it's all
been a ruse oh I'm sorry
Brad no matter what I know I said leave
now I hear you're good for this whole
planet no matter what I think so yeah
read stay for the planter it would feel
unfair to ask him to stay when everybody
else has to get out
yeah but he's good he's lovely team but
that's incredibly shellfish of you this
is it horribly selfish no shellfish
horribly selfish it's very shellfish of
you is that still you George Foreman or
now do we have someone different with
question mark question mark question
mark question mark question mark
question mark question mark that's weird
they're not weird I think it's the same
person but they just went there question
marks yeah let's get moving
either goodbye George Foreman and
welcome question mark or congratulations
on the new name George Foreman now the
way that works
kefir which ever were you doing oh here
we go okay so here's gonna be the plan
we're gonna start over here get all of
our shit we're gonna hop up to this guy
we're gonna go to this guy go to this
guy go to this guy kind of goes oh wait
oh is this where we need to drop off
this yes yes so we should probably still
do the suitcase first but instead of
going right to the drop-off line yeah we
go to a little bit self because that
other one to that that one that looks
like a big rectangle yeah that also has
to go to that area okay so I say
suitcase then south to the people it's
gonna be rescue people okay and then we
take them all up okay did the thing was
the case and the people great I think
that's a great plan let's do it
and I'm keeping my same damn low down
yeah kick-ass mess
remember remember Rama Rama Rama okay
trying to eliminate the enemy patrols
before they have a chance to sound the
alarm
yeah yes that's very important not
always easy
how do you know what a patrol is they're
just like any bug you see it's no it's a
specific unit what do they look like the
tiny ones
the skinny ones yeah but they call a lot
of big ones in oh sure oh we're doing
less the bugs the cyborgs they're the
smaller humanoid once our dogs don't the
dogs don't call the dogs don't call and
bitten people with a smaller humanoid
ones do okay stand by everybody say bye
say bye driving it was a nice anyway I
want to do the hardest difficulty I also
want to do a boss fight oh there's a
boss fight is boss fights we can do the
cyborg boss
alright let's head wait so many somebody
who doesn't have a backpack want to grab
the support kit down there for reloads
oh I already I already have one
George alright big George alright so
we're using that Amal I'm just can't
take it alright so head north head north
wait we got a whole bunch of science to
the left ok science science takes
priority oh damn look at that science oh
man oh damn science that's science you
all right
ok now north we'll come back for the
other science later that's kind of near
the other objectives so it'll be
efficient science it will get it get
that science Bill Nye the Science Guy
bill bill bill bill bill bill bill bill
bill
but what percentage of our audience gets
that I'm pursuing a high on a very high
100% we cater to a more intelligent
crowd that's that nice ok everyone knows
Bill Nye that
there might be a lot of people who are
familiar with him but aren't familiar
with why he's called the science guy
it's impossible do you think we've
reached that point it sure was been on
the air on a long time people more know
Bill Nye oh this Bill Nye just on the
internet sure debates and wherever he
had a popular children's show that
taught simple science a mystery
somebody grab that son I suppose turned
away for a second and the science
vanished in an entertaining fashion he
explained simple scientific concepts and
an entertainment fad entertaining
fashion who's that this guy at rescue
guys don't shoot them let's get the
science as little bits out of here first
okay all right
all right
I can't do much I got the damn pistol
because I'm carrying the case right okay
so what are we doing take these people
these people up how do we do that
no you just talk to them they'll follow
us okay great
where we going probably probably up and
around this way looks it's faster okay
okay okay I stay behind here are there
six gardeners six that's military talk
great you're doing great great don't
these people need to get in there what
do we do with the supplies oh when I use
a rocket launcher which we haven't done
yet you can reload me which is much
quicker than reloading the rocket
launcher just yourself run to this
building
like I'm gonna use rocket launcher
aren't way no I'm too close we're gonna
kill everybody if I do that wait there
we go now you can reload somebody who
reload me yeah like Jack needs a reload
thank you thank you thank you all right
so do you want to yeah let's get all the
science whoa whoa whoa we got we got a
big guy you got a big guy over here sure
but I can't I can't see it oh that's a
real big guy that's the objective big
guy yes nice got him double rocket
launch oh shit thank you
get up and run run run Forrest run run
nope
reinforcements gone reinforcements
oh shit okay Abbi come on run Jack run
down Frank running running
I got cover behind the rocks I can get
myself up don't worry about me okay
shit
shit where's my pistol
okay all right I think we probably need
an ammo drop on it I'm on it
ammo drop incoming our watch out George
don't let that fall on you five seconds
ammo drop my time oh shit that was Mike
that was all me I'm sorry a shot red
with an armor-piercing round all right
get the tarnish on it I'm on it
nope nice day way up on earth car get to
the chopper somebody somebody who's not
driving use the radar tell me where to
go for science actually let's grab what
are we grabbing I just grabbed that ammo
we need that figure we could pick up
science great grow while we're here
while we're here and doing pretty well
honestly hexa mixer thank you for the
tip no message I'm just waiting for the
big guys to shoot with my big gun all
right where should I go north north yep
take a right at this fork and there's
some science okay I get it all right
all right okay take a left here see your
brother recently bought Mass Effect 3
and he he loved the others well he's
gonna tell them to be prepared to cry
all right I'll left
oh sorry I left again
go
yep down and straight down and there's
some science or tape all right okay and
now that way sorry end down don't ya
so have that way and yeah now straight
down that's fine straight down you got
some science Oh
okay and then I think there is some
science on the other side of the drop
point okay where's the rough like to the
left straight left yeah
this vehicle is just fucking great great
there it is
okay all right let's do this
someone call the dropship we've run into
that problem okay let's do this
I'm ready got this big turret thing can
I hit other people with this the trick
yes
okay I don't know if it was like above
people so it didn't no no it's above
Austin it would just be above the
enemies too right don't die on me me
fucking some shit up love it
yeah we're a fully functional team now
we have we have recovered from the early
the early stream oh noes
yeah oh yeah I know where it we're in
the groove now
also this thing yeah it's good yeah it
took me a long time to get out like the
suicide mission difficult oh yeah
hooray for democracy freedom by the way
El Nino is so real today in its December
in Wisconsin and it was 60 degrees this
afternoon you know you know what you're
not hearing time you're not hearing the
people who go little warming whatever
whatever it's just a little bit chilly
out right now hearing those people don't
they're all gone that's weird
just a normal variation in temperature L
mean here am i right not anything else
did you do five science saved up since
we started I have 11 you got science up
the ass I got so much science sir right
okay we have one more one more of this
planet one more and we take the planet
then we're gonna try some difficult shit
oh man okay this is uh activate 5:00
a.m. sights repair and fire artillery
and assassinate alright those are our
missions let's roll let's roll out
I think we have too many rocket
launchers we have a lot of ROM I'm
wondering what I should switch to I'm
gonna start us down here kind of in this
area and then we're just gonna we're
gonna kind of like go all the way around
the circle here but I'll start us down
here in case there's signs down here
that sounds fine that sounds fine just
want to let you guys know so we're gonna
move up and to the right do the full
circle arc back down what should I bring
I find myself not using my turret as
much as I would like
and I could bring an airstrike oh wait I
have a car - you'd probably unlocked it
since we what right do you want me to
bring my car well um II really we've
only been using the one that we're okay
great
I mean I got a second one just in case
oh you sure but if you wanted to bring
something else I could bring my car but
that's it's fine everything's fine most
of it most things are fine everything
most mostly I got a different car the
car I got us the nice one
I'm just saying no you're right I'm not
trying to be a jerk to saying this look
I have the deluxe modeling yeah I know
and it's it's it's fully you have the
touring Edition a little DVD player I've
got the Escalade drop-down screen for
I've got the Escalade you've got I've
got the towpath let's hope has the
gremlin of mercury topaz NPR my ass
where's my goddamn tote bag you fuckers
and lols suck my cock yes what is your
favorite alcohol and I'm dead how am i
dead already
Todd probably fell on it there we go who
said that
what is your favorite that is I eyes on
mage
I've on neighthan mage Ivan mage fate
wants to know favorite uh hey what my oh
that is my thing wasn't Jonah wants to
know our favorite alcohol and cheese
very important honestly American it's
got to be good deli American they can't
be that craft crap
oh you fuckers so don't run in front of
the laser I was getting my bazooka
you're getting a bazooka when there was
a giant machine gun man there honey got
you I could have gotten it I question
that was debris as you should
did I get a new bazooka did someone else
get it okay where we going oh yeah we
were checking for science no son wait
did you take my bazooka I maybe when I
was picking you up I accidentally got
your bazooka okay all right well that's
uh that's fine that's fine
you've got my nice laser you use that
laser Jack it's awesome okay not now of
course
okay so favorite so cheesy so what I
want to mark and that's so boring right
I also really love monster oh yeah
monsters are good fabulous cheese once
there's a fine cheese oh okay here's
here's uh this thingy monster is a fine
cheese I agree
Caryn's funded Havarti Havarti
and I'm not like a super George Foreman
likes goat cheese I'm not sure if it's
Joker where do you where do you go to
find goat cheese you hear about goat
cheese but it's not like I've ever seen
it a store is it regional no it's fine
um North no you find goat cheese North
you can nor if you find it North now you
can find it at any store like especially
like specialty stores now like Oh see I
guess feta is goat cheese I take that
back
Oh feta is goat cheese oh then yeah I
love that take that back
it's really easy to find I love feta
where am I am i what a big fan of feta
cheese that you know but I love like
kind of wait besides to the right to the
right
shit
get me Jack pick me up there nope no how
about that all right that's fair enough
yeah amen
all right now you fucker you're gonna
die he did great I think that much to do
with unfortunate okay I need some of
that ammo is that okay whoever dropped
that yeah okay oh we got a revived yeah
I'm gonna cool down I got okay I use the
objective science it's not science
actually that's part of the art it's
part of the subjective oh great we have
to repair the artillery gun and we have
loaded and that's a shell
option
that dogs dogs dogs
okay all right load the shells we gotta
find him okay I put one in already so
they're just around here somewhere done
ah no love uh let's see here cricket
csgo says love the channel is this your
real job part of it we also do movie
reviews online on the youtubes on the
youtubes I'm also like Jack does lots of
editing kind of videography work
freelance video production and editing
Jack did you want to pick up the big
laser that's down here before we lose it
Wally move away yeah yeah
right this is crazy I have we found all
the shells no no we're not here yet
wow they're just they're there no I see
it I got it
coming coming coming
and drop
make up nice okay to the left
Jackie have a super-pac reload me coming
right back away nope
hit a shield oh good so yeah this is
part of our real job obviously it's a
source of income for for me the the
majority of my income comes from
corporate editing jobs I make comedy
videos I work a little bit with
funnyordie.com and I do all that I do a
bunch of boring stuff and then I do this
which is great which is where I get to
have fun and play video games mix work
and play this one this play girls become
like our play date watch out George
you're gonna you're gonna get a thing
drop down your head you're gonna get
dead George I got you do we need to do
why are we hanging around here shooting
we should go to the next place we need
to go we should let's wait till George
drops and then we'll go okay left
alright wait I didn't here's George
yes oh wait wait wait George dirt
goddamnit George
okay phase 1
phase one complete deploying defensive
assets
phase two
complete have we SES cricket csgo says
have you guys ever considered doing
board games on this room yes we've done
it once and we've done it once and it
was an immense amount of fun and I love
board games I'm a big board game person
it's that's a little tougher just cuz we
need more people
yeah and it's a little tougher to set up
but yes we will be doing more board
games especially if we could convince
more people to come also George just
saying no when you get like burnt burnt
like that by lava or something if you go
into cover that puts the flame out then
you don't need to be revived you can
kind of rescue yourself that way all
right so where are you going
south-south should i bust out the Jeep
yes all right
Busta Najib
James in this area
on it thank you
ship shook that got George Berman shoot
the guy shoot the guy you got that you
got the cannons on the side or see on
the other side it's on the other side
all right all right heads up somebody
pop open their map and steer me you're
there there's an assassination mission
ahead right right now we got science
that one oh sure shoot a boobs nice all
right okay and then oh is straight north
there it is right there oh do we want to
get science first is there anything left
I don't see anything on the map bring my
UAV this time oh okay all right we're
good then
I'm in here
coming I got a turd over here and I'm in
the truck so we're gonna fuck some shit
up yeah apparently the thing I fucked up
was me yep very sorry about that
I dropped another one very sorry George
Foreman this is all this is embarrassing
that was a little embarrassing
I dropped another tank you want to use
the tour again I do very sorry I wanted
to get it close to the tank obviously
you know to be effective so like me and
the tank could work together I think
people in this game they're pretty good
about feeling bad about accident I do I
legitimately feel bad that was one guy
we're waiting for the shuttle I
explained a couple days ago and I was I
was in a mech mmm and one of my own
teammates threw a grenade at me he
didn't destroy the mech but I just
walked over I stomped him to death are
you doing I'm gonna match right cricket
csgo says y'all missed my previous two
donations I I guess this one for science
to test if I'm doing this wrong we
tucked we mentioned your your board you
asked us about real job and board game
stream we got those too so oh I need to
get out of here to the dropship yes that
would be wise sorry I was I was uh so if
if you didn't hear those or if there was
two more that we missed our return let's
just - unlike those tube there might be
- maybe I think we've been good about
reading everyone today though I think so
they can play whatever they want as long
as undertale has never featured again i
like everywhere else loves yeah loves
that except for you I don't know why but
they're okay streams rich did you watch
the first hour of XCOM - yeah yeah I
know someone I know that was the first
hour what it was just it was an hour
worth of gameplay yeah and like the
first 20 to 30 minutes was just
walking around the character
customization screen and I'm just like
oh yeah uh-huh
oh oh you can give them custom animation
styled to match with the personality
you've given them in your head oh rich
rich just said to me today's like we're
we're doing XCOM 2 for the show and I
don't care if you like it or not I was
like I expect that fully and he's like
he's like not only are we're doing it
for the show I'm streaming it 24 hours a
day I'm living at the studio so I can
stream XCOM to for 24 hours a day
oh yeah we got the grenade lunch
gobbledygook says good episode of prereq
I like turn-based games so I'll have to
check out hard West Oh and Sunday if you
guys get a chance you should check out
DC Universe Online for the ps4 it's free
you fucks
I will be Cooke's it's a thing that's a
thing that's a thing did we beat that
planet we beat the whole planet so
what's the plan we asking ready to step
out are we we are we should be keeping
read and are we going for the suicide
mission yeah you know what that's the
right thing read thank you for your help
thank you for playing thank you for
democracy and George what about George
Foreman well you see you use those his
first one first planet we're don't
planets I think okay George Foreman you
stick around
yes George Foreman is good for one more
planet unless he wants to leave that's a
damn fine great okay so then we need it
we need another person someone else to
step on up and what are we doing here
all right
we can either do a boss which I'd want
for for the boss yeah or we could do the
I want the bug cave let's do the hardest
bug one I want that bug cape jack I'm
wanted okay
I need it I need it fuck hey you see
that cape right there that's the of the
illuminatus whatever they're called is
their cave I want I want all the capes
okay you want all the cave so what's the
what's the hardest bug go all the way
over the right oh no it's the hardest
one cuz it's got a ring around I don't
geez
oh my god difficulty what's it say hold
I but just hold I'd was the name of the
game
of course and it's and it's a volcanic
yes well great let's do it
yes this is gonna be horrible it's gonna
be horrible we're gonna great so we're
gonna fucking slaughter what a terrible
idea I know I know
what a terrible and I love it there's
only three of us
I really really liked the last episode
of prereq you know we talked about this
a little but I thought it was I thought
it was a quality episode I and I both
rich and I were a little bit worried
because you know we weren't we're doing
like something weird where you reviewed
a game and I reviewed again exactly the
same game and you know rich was doing
most of the talking for our worst I was
doing most the time for battlefield but
I think we made her points got in got
out I mean everything I had to say about
cuz I I freely admit I hate that fucking
style of shooter right now front
wouldn't you know right it could have
been the best that type of shooter ever
haven't even like I don't like this so I
I'm mostly just talking about like you
know the business practice behind it
like me and their their bullshit right
not seem to work all right
wait didn't I get a where's my room do I
want to do that I don't want to keep
doing what I've been doing her woo
lowers the cooldown for all your
stratagems by 40% that's good if you're
using a lot of like airstrike kind of
stuffs sure its stun grenades have been
a little you know if I'm careful yeah
it's like when there it is my grenade
launcher that's what we want
fuck yeah grenades motherfucker free to
freedom don't want this
I guess I don't need a rocket launcher
to do okay
I'm gonna use the my stratagem priority
and then I have two air strikes so I can
keep reusing those for the big guys it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great great
great can we back out for one second we
can back out for one second I wish -
really I'm gonna upgrade my thing so we
can detect the science modules okay
excuse me Jackie I can't go somebody's
in my way oh we have a new person yeah
oh we have 5.56 millimeter freedom
delivery whoa join in the party oh yeah
right out right out right on crocodile
brain we're not playing a different game
this is what we're playing tonight and
we love it if you don't like it no you
know the door is we enjoy this game a
lot it's it's tough I know cuz both rich
and I are playing which means that we're
not paying attention to our this is a
game or game everyone and then another
time we'll do a more chatty one it's
gonna be great it's gonna be Cooke going
do enjoy or we're trying to mix it up my
babies it's gonna be great
I'm thinking I'm making a decision rich
rich is making a tactical decision about
his research points I'm not even gonna
use my research points I'm gonna wait on
limping fish says it's 3:43 a.m. and I
have work tomorrow
oh then go to bed man what are you doing
what are you doing get out see if we do
okay all right if this doesn't work then
we'll switch our strategy over right
let's go let's do this
limping fish thanks for coming but yeah
man yeah we played this last week but we
played it badly last week cuz we just
started playing it all right we knew
this rich I believe in us
all right we're gonna have to play this
smart Oh
we're gonna try and avoid like playing
it's mine we have that we have to hit
those Scouts quickly we can't let them
call on reinforcements okay sure
what do you consider the best way to
serve eggs scrambled No well it depends
are you are you cooking the eggs for
someone else or are you cooking them for
yourself if you are cooking them for
yourself the best ways hard-boiled the
reason I say hard-boiled is because it's
the easiest to do so it's not very
time-consuming and it preserves all of
the egg Jack can you can you be my
reloader yeah I can be real oh okay grab
your gun I got it probably gonna end up
doing that a lot okay just let me know
just let me know when you need it all
right where we going
we're going up freedom delivery and
George you guys are on Scout duty so
anytime you see small bugs go apeshit on
them okay head north
I hadn't Earth
a little bit science straight up here
yeah keeping half of Scots keeping half
of scouts alright good good good alright
okay to the right people
yep everything where we taking them or
don't tell us oh we don't have yet
straight up one wait let's get the
science in this area I'm going out
science
right up here all that way if these
people are following me yeah they should
the Saudis hold will stay go back down
let's find the people click on
right good good good okay all right
where we going oh it's just straight up
wait wait I'm using these Scouts
frequently applied probably better see
patrols and whatnot and science let's
let's get the missiles on the way to
dropping them off so let's head a little
bit north and right okay because
otherwise we're doing backtracking sure
and I'm checking my radar recently just
to see if a patrol sneaking up on us
this ship ease bugs straight north so
yeah oh we're doing great we're doing
great
everyone's on point all right a little
bit to the right
actually this should be science down I
got it got it okay all right
and I rejected was straight north of us
okay I commit all right
defend
- the thugs are up up to the left here
they come
closing in on us fast Burgos ain't no
our senses are the acid
load your fucker
whoo
what happened the objective blew up
which is fine okay
fridge is fine let's get down let's go
down and away from these guys I think we
lost like half of our scientists that
you know what I don't care
great
Oh
Oh
shit
nope okay Jackie to reload me nope
I died oh no no wait run away get
somewhere safe and then calls back
uh-huh Jeff where'd you drop the support
kit it's over there over there who knows
where that means yeah
over here that's over here somewhere
grab it grab it reload me grab it and
reload maybe I don't have it I don't
have it I don't see it it's right it's
right by me right with a far right the
screen screen right come in come in
I have no idea where I am picking on bet
that's why you have no idea what you
want
Retreat retreat freedom isn't free you
know
but we are we are playing this is this
is this is the test is the highest
difficulty right right okay here we go
here we go
alright well let's just just go north
fuck these guys alright
wait we got a heal gun does anybody want
to grab it yeah do I'm go grab go grab
it go grab it go grab it I don't know
who dropped that I hope you don't mind
us taking it but okay let's go we're
we're gone
north and a little left
I wish I grabbed that assault rifle oh
shit
run just run run run north run north
running North signs I got it
keep running left left well we can go
around we go around it's fine
okay
oh there it is 30s we're here
my god we have to go to the right to the
right
my is
yeah the grenades aren't gonna do jack
shit against those guys maybe basically
you need a rocket launcher or or like
that big heavy tank
oh shit forget it I'm dead
move like flak flak cannon
nice
okay where we're going running north
just to get away from these guys great
right
we're gonna regroup and we're gonna take
my Jeep yes that's a good idea
well what's right the real gun can stun
him so I'm just gonna keep staring him
somebody getting that turret and blow
his ass up on it on it
well both of their asses up we got two
now hey got him all right
let's roll out where are we going down
hold it stop one second one second I'm
gonna drop a probe so we can have Intel
all right okay down in to the left but
pretty far down actually don't you want
do we want to get that science alright
we'll get a shitload of science up and
basis straight to the right sure to the
left yeah left I'm sorry yeah okay head
to the left I'm not driving up a bit
that's on the other side of this crater
on our left
take someone go grab that there it is
don't stop stop stop stop
you got
alright there's another one left in
North yeah North North first yeah
straight up hook to the left around that
that his works do you just
left left left left and down there oh
god get out of the molten lava it's okay
no don't go over the cliff come too far
alright stop I said am I stuck in here I
can't get out what weird I was weird
oh no you're on your map oh that
explains it okay okay so we're going to
straight down wait yes straight down
downer galuf you go on that side it goes
it goes around either way
to turn didn't did alright stop there is
got it go bug okay
straight down oh there's two right that
we got shit load over him
it's
all right got it
alright go left
actually well we got the tank let's kill
that let's go about hive this is easier
to kill the hive entangle
all right shoot the holes
good right back up
forget that science for now we'll come
back for left's we'll look at the the
missing Watchers left in a little bit
salt
it's on the other side of this thing
salt
there you go
all right defend me I'm gonna do this
just drive back and forth smooth some
bugs I like it
shit got it alright gets back aboard oh
you know what what some love
correct
oh wait wait wait wait fuck no Hubbell
that I'm getting back in if I can
struggle or drive away
get out of the sink get out of take no
no I accidentally got back in the tank
that was my fault
and I feel bad we'll be fine we'll be
fine okay well we will be fine
we'll be fine right
okay where we're going straight on
straight right yeah let's go
okay now up a little bit
right over here to the right to the
right and up there it is
ton of science behind it hurts my soul
but but okay but okay okay
every time I grab this thing I've ever
read not bringing
my assault rifle
sure
somebody getting this this currently if
I said help defend the know you shot me
ill the church at me
fuck nope oh and it's dead no shit
oh fuck you game oh my god Oh
what's your cooldown like I'm just
kidding just get in just get in we're on
the other side Jack that's it wasn't me
oh did we get a whole thing filled for
that now I wonder I mean we had none of
us arrived but we we completed one
objective oh we don't get any credit for
any of that yeah
oh that bites that bites my fuckin nut
sack
would you like to twirl oh we should
have gotten that we were close we were
really close yeah okay I do I'm just
let's do it I'm just I'm just you just
I'm giving it you just feelin it you
want to start up here and try to get all
that science right away know the path we
took worked the bathrooms everywhere
okay it's okay George it's okay I
panicked yeah hey war its war man these
these things didn't seem to work too
great and I'm gonna house my rocket
launcher though okay I'm not ready at
home
okay rocket launcher yeah
tanks and beacon yeah all right what's
my favorite beer all sorts of beer I
enjoyed lots of kinds of beers I've been
drinking a lot of IPAs did you drink the
kind the kind of drink to get you drunk
though that's the kind of beer that I
enjoy the most
so a lot of IPAs have been drinking
lately mostly because the higher alcohol
content there was this really amazing
beer that I had that someone sent me
actually it might have been Oh bother
urban chestnut brewing makes a really
amazing beer and it's not a around here
a night so I think about it often it
fills me with regret that it is not
close way too nicely just just to make
sure everything is good Oh bother
I really was just fuckin with you about
your voice your voice is perfectly
normal
that was me having a laugh because I'm
an asshole right okay
mo if nobody else wants it alright north
okay
north let's go just gonna look exactly
like it did last time only we're not
gonna fuck up at the end that's true
that is the plan right science people do
you want to go for those with science in
the middle or not let's go for it
okay up into the left be careful for
Scouts
okay let's get these suits north I'm
getting greedy and I don't care I'm
getting greedy yeah we did it we did it
all right right okay there's a scouting
party right there good ready to shoot
I've run run right
be careful with those grenades Jack
That's not me rich I would see you
throwing grenades or it's me and it's my
grenade launcher oh then I pick up your
grenade launcher
all right trying to heal somebody I must
have picked up your her name launcher
haha okay she took a grenade launcher
yeah I'm blaming you no easy to do oh
you got it already you know rich you
were tossing grenades oh you took
satchel charges what the fuck me yep no
I have a grenade launcher someone
successful charges and I pick them up I
can't get rid of them they're okay well
don't blame us for that wait wait we
left the guy behind me I love the guy
behind good we gonna have to go right
follow all right all right everything
went wrong everything went wrong we're
like right away that it's recoverable
we're all alive great where are we going
up oh shit my rocket launcher is now
gone because I have the stupid satchel
thing and I can't shoot him with a
rocket jack you you're gonna have to I
don't have to what you have the ability
you have the obliterator thing shoot him
look I don't know the one you guys have
got a weapon that looks like it might be
explosive shoot the thing I'm shooting
the thing shoot the thing with you thing
I did it well you shot the dead thing
with your thing this isn't gonna help
and now I'm dead again instance
everything Oh God this has gone even
worse this is this is a gun
significantly worse which lets all it's
a scout so you get caught you're fucked
where is my rocket launcher because we
need that now I have no idea okay can I
wait where are we going which I don't
know at this point we've we've gotten
completely obliterated
up and right I'm gonna find that rocket
launcher because we mean we have Ryan
Roger unless somebody else brought one
open to the right where did it go order
to go yes by the dead guys alright good
so he grabs pork it got it alright
load me wait I got a load I got a charge
and oh I hit the other smaller bug that
was in front of me because fuck those
smaller buns sure is rich sure is great
disaster check load me up
I've run away run away run away run
right all right here we go
Jack Loeb Georgia for a large littler
load freedom item all right are we
missing a support kit I have no idea we
got to go up all right we have this
demolisher things that yours, Jack, originally?
whose what's that I don't know 
back on a mission okay okay we lost
an objective that's fine no it's fine
you can lose objectives in this it's not
gonna destroy you
what does that mean what does that red
marker down there mean oh that's the one
we lost okay I get it I get it
yep Scouts whoa whoa whoa
yeah Scouts down down nice I'll cover
this top area
and the torte will do nicely yes okay
objective complete great that was the
enemy extermination that's not nothing
sorry that's fine that's fine all right
somebody dropped ammo
take a ride alone sure I've got one
is it is it okay if I take some of this
ammo I think I think that was the idea I
think you called for it earlier
all right good good good
okay where we're going up into the left
yeah
Matt Damon I'll just run fucking fucking
fucking me we got to get the next thing
great have you guys seen the gamer ronan
game it's a it's like gunpoint but with
samurais no left
Oh straight left I got it I got a
decently upgraded pistol unless
somebody's got something better
that's one-handed nope right right right
up patrols up ahead shoot the scouts all
right patrols below us all right all
right
I'm getting greedy good all right
where's the next major thing we can't go
along the edge shut up top
I'll say this area's kind of was pretty
clear earlier
science greedy yeah we're gonna use that
to upgrade shit
Sonne helps fund this game I I would
believe you know Sony is Sony is trying
I think that's great
they just have to stop fucking around
with Sonic the Hedgehog all right a
little bit sound but something I want to
grab yes
where's ya
Chuck duck
right down Oh what are just more lava
it's like a lava planet
all right this way this way okay
all right let's go down
uh-huh which I love it
then left
standby equipment on its way without an
ammo drop yeah that's never scouting
up north this could somebody do enameled
right I'll do it
yeah well it's fine
everybody load up yeah
alright then right and then we're gonna
kill these guys yeah all right right
right there's one more ammo case okay
should be right there
and let's get those missile launchers
first far left and I see then once we
get the missile launchers then I'll drop
a tank I'm sure that I'll be easy JP
will take that to the hive and then will
also use it to protect us at the the
shuttle smart chit budget runaway check
okay
poisoned there's gonna be Scouts down to
our left somewhere south of us a lot of
them actually be afraid they're probably
right on the other side of the fucking
building
well someone god yeah you see that yep
great thanks slow take it slow
this one north that no he's gone okay
yes Morgan does work
I'm gonna start the process
in this textbook textbooks what this is
freedom
good good
no swarms are activated that was great
drop it of tank okay
let's rock and roll say hello to
democracy motherfuckers enjoy a cup of
my Liberty nice I got one I can't take
any credit for that you hear that
playing this game all the time - oh
there we go all right I stuck a table
it's not gonna tree apparently you get
stuck in a tree oh fuck
getting out of here get my own it's
right there all right we'll just start
fucking shooting everything
thank you thank you
hooray let's do this rich oh yes we've
got heel guns all right we're doing
great we're doing great
he's the big turret I'm these fuckers
I'm I am doing it move slowly
okay we're doing it we're doing it we're
doing it we're doing it
Oh
everybody's still here everybody's still
here great everybody's still here 15
seconds
we still got 15 seconds to die rich
don't woo yet that felt like a premature
whoo freedom never sleeps it would take
some grand incompetence to fail them out
well if it's one thing I'm good at its
grand incompetence on the boat nice that
was great nice that's how you do it
your donations are out of sync they're
showing up a lot later apparently when
he said you know I'm checking to see if
you read it you know we read the - it's
cuz he sent those water like oh that's
some kind of technical issue on there
and I can only imagine it has to go
through a third party thing and process
the money so I can only assume that's
yeah yeah so whoo nice one so we only
failed one objective we want our site we
lost ourselves funds that's fine I'm
just saying yeah
George Foreman's crazy ghost Oh George
Foreman that was great that felt great
that felt like a victory they felt like
us working together all that science all
that oh all that science expert crazy go
says next person can join thank you
George Moore thank you George Foreman we
everything brought democracy to those
communist bugs we got them
so I guess then hit the button oh right
thank you sorry thank you no that's okay
that's okay many apologies so wait you
got a cape now no we have we have two
more of those to go what is three planet
it's a three mission planet toiling
towards freedom
okay well shit of your Borg event that's
fine oh I'm not bored with it okay so
now we have

[Part III]
oh shit this is a um this is a just kill
everything wrong you know this is an
arena
oh is it yeah oh okay heads up strategy
strategy strategy strategy tanks
I mean tanks of course machine guns well
I'll bring a machine gun
Luigi's the tanks on the the big bugs
yeah I don't know if we want to be
fucking around rocket launchers and
whatnot when we're gonna be getting
swarmed yeah oh no Hertz turrets uh you
know what let me see what I gotta
upgrade oh sure I can probably upgrade
it I mean I can I have I have nothing
but upgrade points and and max
whoo I've got this house Tesla turret -
whoa what's that
I'm Tommy that built an electric charge
ones that are gonna close cool
landmines we could run those to them
yeah that's true do-do-do-do-do-do-do we
have someone new zette sola new Sonny's
I'll see it I see your name again in bed
I said thanks for joining
we're gonna fuck up some bugs man all
right I think I'm ready
great let's go it's gonna be great so
next mechs are bad for these missions
either yeah you have next next yeah no I
don't know Mike said all right
oh let me let me choose a location to
drop hold on oh yeah probably hardly
matters I was I that was more of a joke
than anything
great
let's do this
auto-injector alright alright who's
heads got a rail cannon that's nice mmm
that's nice I think we'll be okay yeah I
think we'll be okay do it
but what no I'm just trying to catch up
to the chat they're talking about
something oh they're talking about
something I don't know what the document
doesn't matter
400 enemies yep what's the hardest
difficulty where's the center of this
map
oh shit Annamarie and down alright be
careful going up north I dropped that
Tesla tower and that will fuck your shit
up
Zed go south go south you're gonna get
fucked up all right I got a turret down
houses all just this little area here
apparently
protected
all right we're all alive
that's positive
though I should have taken a different
cook yeah yeah we'll be fine oh you can
you can revive in the MEC but kill the
guys first
unless
right check back ok then I could call it
the fallout from that dropping from the
sky
yep Oh God
all right take the side to turn somebody
and protect the tank
I chose the wrong side
all right now on the right side
think it's all crazy
fuck fuck fuck fuck thank you the heel
I'm trying to serve tank mo for the big
bugs you know sure
Shepard them
speaking of getting the turret get the
Turk didn't it weird I draw there him
oh fuck I ran right into where a bunch
of them spot huh
somebody defendant defend the yep you
know what's going on on that trolley
there's a big one spun of those
tentacles okay I'm back in the dirt
where is it or the snarf these arias go
round
oh god damn it I hate those
shit whoa South get him Adam Adam oh and
you killed me oh my god I'm so sorry
it's fine
Oh someone's got to move that someone's
got to move the mech suit it's gonna
blow up anyway okay good
nope not having a good round Jack you
know I'm not Oh
but I feel like at least I'm bringing
good year yeah you're helping you are
helping rich
what Oh God that thing that thing pushed
to the tank on top of me so I am many
decks thank you
it's working this is working
through an ammo down for whatever why
not love us good strategies right super
strats oh my god someone just dropped me
on a bug nice
yeah here
teamwork teamwork it's working
how many tell how many rounds this thing
had left not many I have one more so
almost we're almost two-thirds of the
way through 3/4 3/4 the way that's even
better
won't get up
Oh God Oh No oh my god yes oh my god I
can't believe that all right use that
real strike or something
Oh Oh
it's too hard it's too hard rich knows
the way there you're given up too easy
but you know what the problem is rich
what I just noticed something our stream
tip alerter
yeah look at the the scroll bar on the
right oh our stream tip alerter is not
all the way up oh so what happened was
our stream tip alerta thing yeah that
was our fault so it was of course it was
course avid roses fuck the haters play
more undertale thank you have a drill
and then anonymous well no oh and we
don't read anything under to Dallas but
you know that was our fault and I'm
sorry about that
yeah we figured it out eventually and I
think that's the important part
let's do it again I don't forgetting
that much out of the tourists so I'm
gonna ditch the one tour it I'm gonna
take another mech okay that's my my
strategy okay Gemma Gemma G extremities
you must remove which tram that's mr.
Val mr. Val yeah that's pretty good
mr. Bob let's see here I am gonna just
grab another one of these big guns I
think that was really helpful I think
this takes strategy wasn't working that
bad no thanks resi was great we like to
thank strategy I was great I want to
hear a guy getting yelled at by his
girlfriend mama agreed Joe kitty I
didn't change my person that's fine
Deneb second Asst Deneb secundus Deneb
that's the name of this planet rich
tenodesis no worse thing where was it
mentioned something he was that the the
old rebel base that Leia gave I don't
Tarkin that wasn't really was that it
was that de NAB I what I had no that was
then doing okay yeah what was done am I
have no idea what's it done AB Chad I'm
dropping a electric turret so stay away
from that one
Wow it's right away it's right away rich
and I think Jack just tried to save us
save us now shit Oh get up get up get up
get up get up I got you thank you that
was
un-fuckin'-believable whoever yeah
fuck
fuck not going well not going well thank
you thank you
I gotcha I gotcha huh I got you I know
and I just like I just respond
all right dragon what do you have for
weaponry you might not have the proper
caliber are you using a pistol no no no
no just that shotgun well no ok I'll
drop it I'll drop a good gun you said
that's that's the problem huh that's the
pro the problem is I keep running into
fire my shotguns great time for the time
of the tank
starting to get the big bugs
whoa
Oh
fucking shots does this thing take
oh shit
all right somebody shoot those fuckers
down there or kicked me down thank you
Jesus
request confirm
alright so the kind of things can
install let's get out of tape
Wow that's everything yep Wow Wow we did
significantly worse that time hey guys
Bella hecka hey guys it's 11:46 eastern
time I'm sending you this tip right now
so that you read it 10 minutes later to
remind me to take out the garbage before
I go to bed well bill we're reading
things on time now but you should still
should take out the garbage before you
go to bed that's very important
all right strategy changes okay I'm now
not liking the tank as much as I was
it's hard to defend it's hard to defend
and you know with the two side guns
so I think I'm just gonna take a couple
of mechs and stuff okay that's probably
good idea yeah that you know what
leftover beefcake that was all me like I
died so many times I was just getting
caught in everybody's crossfire so my
and I know I should buy eggs all right I
know actually today I don't need to buy
eggs I just bought eggs this morning
felt pretty good about that good about
my egg buying responsibilities you know
I wonder if an electric deterrent if you
can put two together will they destroy
each other I guess we'll find out I
wonder if they'll to double the damage
or if we're just see you know right now
I'm not gonna
it'll probably fail I'm just gonna take
another backer yeah
I got a personal defense er to the back
now another back all right all right I
forgot to change my forget
okay
let's do this
if you are literally on fire going prone
will put out the fire or to upgrade your
weapons and stratagems in the armory all
right
don't move
I didn't know it's hot the controller
read I did not touch the fucking
controller mother fucker
thank you
I gotta hear
all right everything's fine annex fine
it's fun
I'm gonna wait till the big bug start
dropping before I drop my mix starts off
a little bit easier yeah
actually jack but you can use my back
you know cuz I think you're having
trouble with firepower am i right
no no I'm just dying because you're
having trouble with a firepower
no no why are you kidding I'm what are
you shooting them a machine gun the
regular one yeah you don't have the
firepower you can use my mech these guys
have a lot of heavy armor huh so you
need the armor-piercing rounds
which you don't have no no I know you
don't I know you know just you haven't
played the game that much and yeah which
is why I won the mech comes down which
I'm gonna do right now yeah you grab the
Mac that'll give you the firepower you
need okay I have I have a pretty good
assault rifle that has armor piercing
capability okay I can take these guys
down quicker with the machine gun than
you can
you
what you got the artillery there goes
the man see this is might like my
problem is I'm just for some reason I am
caught in everyone's crossfire well
don't don't wander ever towards the
middle like okay never we're gonna live
on the edges live on the edge Jack live
on the edge livin on the edge
livin on the edge get up get
looking close he'll be afraid to run
around oh I'm I'm analyte again we're
we're man we're matt where I'm Here I am
I don't know where I scream noise come
on I just looked up at all I know yeah
not anymore
wait wait thank you fucking damn it
shit somebody get them back because I'm
dead I can't get in it shit
and come down come down like everyone
else is dead you can't huh I can't get
in the mech well alright alright oh just
trying to blow up well fuck off oh yeah
yeah are you ready to give up well you
know it's a little demoralizing to of my
max just absolutely fuckin one to waste
no not blaming you
shit happens oh yeah
it's
ah
Oh bullshit
it's not this is just not gonna happen
Oh keep trying
man I hate these bugs
I hate these arena maps is the problem
you know yeah I really hate despise
lists
all right do you want to try the cyborg
boss man hold on
say hey save it drew says fuck the
haters watch Doctor Who for movie dicks
any number doctor would do though
preferably not ten because David Tennant
is a meth addled ferret face and he said
no lieutenant was great as Doctor Who
because David Tanner does a meth an old
ferret face and he sucks I had to read
the comment oh I thought I'd I thought
I'd just trailed off nicely I know you
did and we did a apparently is a David
Tennant thing going on but I know
nothing about no I like to Senate so
what do we want to do this one again or
do we want to cry no the cyber possible
cyber Boston then finale
maybe my I my interest is Hawaii I
understand you're gonna demoralize and
get into my good time what we're doing
here here I go to the map there it oh
you might not be able to I might have to
you might not have it unlocked I
probably do go oh you don't want in this
area go back go top left okay
go down hold on it's scanning this one
yeah I can't can't we see if you can get
it through me wonder if I can set this
up
oh yeah you can do it no I have not
gathered back out what happened when I
sent you a suggestion before I do just
get God completely I have no idea what
it does does that comes up
no I can't all right I can't rich I'm
done you're just done for the night
a little bit this is one mission okay
and it's a boss fight sure all right can
we do it uh why don't you leave and then
just find me again when the friends list
it should switch over host is migrating
hopefully it's me oh I don't know
get me back you know how to find me well
see rich
all right welcome to super earth
Dark Souls is back great better hurry up
job huh
hurry up oh Jesus it's loading I'm doing
it or you can let somebody in the chat
take your place is your options
why don't you know because I want to I
have a bunch of science now I'm gonna
upgrade someone in the chat take my
place and I'm gonna I'll read chat okay
oh I'll converse with y'all somebody
else find us anybody anybody care if
you've done this before
Neal Breen Oh bother
George Foreman anybody anybody who play
with us is open to come in or someone
new I'm not gonna discriminate quit
discriminating could play a hatin how
about that rich how about you stop
playin hatin
okaywell bothers definitely that's fun
I'm not I'm not telling that wasn't that
wasn't an order it was an offer he's
really mad about that boys coming right
hey everybody welcome I'm gonna talk to
him I guess to talk to you yes I guess
we'll start somebody play with yes
you're right someone play with rich
Evans Phoenix spikes I see you welcome
hi hi everybody you know you know what I
wanna I do want to take some time like I
have like 11 or 12 science point so I
can upgrade some shit I can buy some new
shit it's gonna be great it's gonna be
great
let's see here no hi wait wait don't
commence mission don't commence mission
somebody unstart I'm fidgeting with my
load out here so I only don't need a
fucking turret for this one all right
all right done got laid
hey done I always say his name wrong
d'hubert Gately I like it that you say
wrong it's gonna be great I was um I can
talk a little bit about blood-borne I
know rich got pretty far in the DLC I
finally leveled up enough I feel
comfortable enough to really get into
the new area into the hunters nightmare
and I've been really loving it and I got
to the first kind of boss guide like
that big horse monster whoever that is
it's awesome I'm nowhere close to
beating the horse monster yet but like I
have all the other areas figured out I
got a bunch of the new weapons already
the the whirligig saw that is a fun one
but I'm still using Simon's Bowl I'm
ready I'm using Simon's bow most of the
time because like I just spent some time
went through the other game and put put
points into skill and blood-tinged
info Simon's bow is super super
it's great it's great this is a Noah's
Mike you shouldn't might be as far just
to play blood-borne I agree but it's
like you know if you're going if you're
on the fence if you're on the fence
blood-borne would push you over kind of
game it would and well you know like for
example like Helldivers there's a lot of
games that are also on PC that are now
on ps4 and this was on ps4 this is on
ps4 first like a you know like almost
you're eight months ten months exactly
and so like it's one of those things
it's one of those great things where if
you were on the fence the Supreme
Chancellor wish to board immediately
what who oh shit is this snow oh fuck
I'm gonna need boots I'm not equipped I
am not equipped properly this is gonna
been bad
I love how great the big dumb weapons
are in blood-borne like I I was using
that fire hammer for the longest time
and it's the biggest dumbest weapon just
you know but it blows everything up its
grave
it's great
all right normal fire probably isn't
gonna work
we're gonna need we're gonna need need
to hit this fucker with like rocket
launchers and shit God look at that guy
he looks great
mr. bib says just wanted to say that
after trying some streaming for the past
few days I have a better understanding
of the troubles you guys have had in the
past
Thank You mr. Pibbs it's you know
there's a lot there's a lot of points of
failure oh my god
so we're seven shades of fucks the
problem with snow is that you move
slower you walk a lot slower we need to
run to beat the sky and we can't run or
we need leveled anti-tank mines which I
don't have
oh oh you're happy just to change into
the snow bubai okay why isn't this the
old oh jeez I know because I rich rich
played that on Wednesday right you were
oh yeah solo stream with that yeah so
rich did a lot of that on Wednesday and
I have been playing blood poor and at
home which is like here I want to take a
little break I want to take a little
break I love blood-borne Game of the
Year I have enough don't have enough
science to get anti-tank mines no the
one thing I would want for blood-borne I
need I need the power enough to hear I'd
three research points I have one the one
thing I would want for blood-borne is a
PC port so more people can play it I
want more people to love blood-borne
octo J is stuck in a bit make him stop I
can't you got a bit what's this bit uh
if you have a bit you got to see it
through
I enjoy bits it's it look I I see hey
says a communications disruption can
only mean one thing
invasion I think he's doing lines from
the Independence Day there's a
communications disruption
oh it's a thing oh what's the thing it's
an appropriate thing he's doing an
appropriate bit then I can't there's no
way I can make him stop you you once you
start doing a bit you got to see the bit
all the way through I'm a believer in
the bit firm I don't I mean I've never
played dota 2 III I have a friend and I
might by the way am I the only one with
the all-terrain boots I would guess that
like it looks like Dark Souls anti-gay
and they are pretty new ok ok oh my god
so I've never played dota 2 I've seen
while I have a friend who is crazy super
into Wow and I've played a little bit of
it and yeah they're just not my my kind
of things dota 2 i hear is fantastic if
you can really get into it and I don't I
don't have the time
why did this have to be on fucking snow
why Oh
octo Jay is doing only he's only
speaking in quotes from episode one
that's that's his bit man just go go
ahead Mandy bit do your bit they will
hate you for it though okay
not the hero they need another hero they
deserve either of the need well I
assumed it was Independence Day because
isn't that what happens in Independence
Day is Jeff Goldblum is like all right
everybody in the top right of the map I
have dropped two single-use rocket
launchers I suggest somebody grab one
unless you already have a different
weapon all right you already drop your
weapon and I guess it's fine oh this is
gonna be a nightmare
oh but we can reload each other you
grabbed a regular rocket launcher that's
fantastic
that's fantastic Naz Gore the destroyer
reload me reload me
nice I'll sit here how much hair do you
really have do you need to shave it all
right we got we got to go to the edge of
the map so we don't have the
communications disruption never right
I'm there you know you can kind of see
right now it's been a while since I
shaved you know I have a crown that's
what I have and so I shave it I like
right now I'm Picard because I I've been
really busy the past couple weeks and so
I just haven't had time to shave all
right well I gotta go back and grab that
rocket launcher get done man
hey we can respond him later I'm not
killing myself just to get done right
remember yeah Kevin I think you gave me
too much credit
all right grab it grab it
oh fuck we were too close
that was me I really we blew each other
up all right said you got to respond us
when he can man I gotta do it you gotta
do it
come on Zed that knows what he's doing
Zed knows what he's doing he's taking
care of the the communication block
which just there's damn smart
sure that's damn smart it's not really
communications block it's really it's
anti-aircraft guns that keep the things
you call from dropping it just means you
can't call anything down oh sure sure
nice okay here come nice said Zed's on
it
Jedi fan four-to-one hey guys always
enjoyed your streams and thought I'd
finally tip you quick question what have
been your favorite films of 2015 so far
PS rich I hate Mass Effect 3 is ending
with just as much as you do
yeah it was awful it was just fucking
sickening it was sickening horseshit I'd
have to remember what came out this year
you know there's this I mean obvious
answer is double down did you just die
horrible yeah okay the obvious answer is
double down it's the snow was just gonna
fuck us one fuck we're fine by the
nature of this area we're fucked
it's true that's true oh that's right
Mad Max Kamath is you're mad max oh yeah
Mad Max is the best film this year then
yes good yeah Mad Max and then like a
hair below it double down that Maxim
that we're just counting any film we see
any film I've seen this year
absolutely okay I finally saw Casablanca
right up there
Mad Max Double Down Casablanca
what was my favorite part of the max
landis visit is just it was a he was a
good dude that my favorite part is when
watching the Neal Breen movie was
watching double downs I want him to
along with him no he was just a cool
dude and we chatted a lot and it was he
is much like us and so we had very good
conversations along we won't have to eat
at this great sausage place they had
really great sausage I'm not sure if
that cardio's can even do any good in
the snow mm-hmm does it Z because it
keeps you from sprinting at all I
thought but I could be wrong was
important in the game all right I'm
sorry I'm interrupting your conversation
I didn't see Krampus so I can't tell you
if that was the the best movie huh I
know I didn't see Krampus and you know
what I actually don't know if I am gonna
be able to see Star Wars right when it
comes out I might have to wait a little
bit the movie theater near my house is
only showing in 3d and I just don't
emulators yay or nay yay the rich says
yay I say name because it's stealing
yeah I know I know that's what you know
that's that's fine it's fine if you say
that but it's it's still technically we
need more sausage more so yeah you're
right so I'm probably like I and you
know what like I'm in no really the only
hurry I am in to see Star Wars is to
talk about it on the stream like I I am
in no particular hurry to see Star Wars
I'm sure it's going to be perfectly
adequate as literally that's all we've
been saying from the very beginning is
Star Wars is going to be perfectly
adequate and I think it will be and I
mean just in no hurry to see it it's
gonna be fine
everything's gonna be fine
what foods are Milwaukee famous for uh
you know obviously we're cheese is a
Wisconsin thing we're a dairy state
Milwaukee is a brew city we're
not--we're most famous for our beer
because we had a lot of breweries no
what the fuck does something call in
front of me god damn it
miller brewery Pabst brewery I like
Schlitz all those old where we're brew
City and so really we're not famous for
food we're famous for for beer and now
we have just so many fuckin breweries
it's great it's absolutely good it's one
of my favorites oh this I played this
map there's random people and we had a
lot of rock look just running around the
edge reloading each other taking
potshots at him but we can't do that
because of the fucking snow this is
roaring is raining on my goddamn parade
as well this is done I'm very sorry
like we're getting chase dog down by the
dogs and we can't run from the dogs
this is horseshit this is flaming horse
shit rich did you buy any of the DLC
yeah are the boots in the DLC yep yeah
how much was it for everything wasn't
nothing another 20 no there's another 20
I think for everything
oh really yes I guess no no I don't know
it's worth it for the boots well but
yeah you said if a game is no longer
even being published why the fuck do you
care about paying for forward the people
who made it aren't profiting from your
purchase only the CD resellers
there there is a logic in that there are
some people who are emulating you know
like you can get like a DSM you later a
3ds emulator and those are still being
sold and so there is piracy and stealing
happening just one of those things where
and do you think that sometimes a a
pirated old game can act as like a
almost like a demo here's the thing sure
ages ago eight years ago I stumbled
across a ROM for harvest oh okay I've
never heard of harvest me before yeah
read the description farming simulator
like what the fuck is this never would
have bought that game in my own just
reading the back of the box but it was
sounded so strange Oh try it out loved
it I bought every version of the game
that came out for like years until I
thought the series started getting bad
sure but they had because of one rom
they got like 200 and dollars out of me
and I think that is one example on one
side and I think there's other examples
on the other side of people who only
steal games and never pay for them so
that bounce is each other out
but you know what you have nowadays is
you have all these older games that are
coming out on Virtual Console so you can
still they're still buying you know like
nes games you can buy on the Wii U and
so buying an emulator of them is not
buying them on the Wii U okay I'm sorry
yeah no um oh you did you lost someone
yeah you lost here I'm saying you could
jump
someone can jump in you can you could
jump in on my computer rather than going
through your laps are like well then you
would have you would have the boots oh
I'll just wait for someone else well I
don't think this is gonna go anywhere
with under these conditions right the
fact that even they would even let a
boss spawn in the snow territory is just
fucking evil
I want to smack the Debs for that it's
like they Dark Souls MLG says it's like
they want you to buy the DLC yeah by the
way yeah yeah point there but you get a
point
still with the DLC with all the DLC
forty bucks not bad not bad not great
and you know like wait so good buying
albums even after pirating to support
drivers and you know obviously like this
there's there's all these graders
there's all this anecdotal evidence of
you know people who pirate our you know
people say that people who pirate movies
are also the people who buy the most
movies as well there's all there's a lot
to go around for this is it's a personal
decision for me where I get a pirate
pirating can hurt people especially
smaller people I cause I already could
kill us
oh absolutely absolutely pirating an
AdBlocker
can kill us literally Starks hold
waiting so what about Little Jimmy who
emulates chromo trigger and then buys
means right exactly Dark Souls like and
like I said I think it's on both sides
personally I I go for for a hundred
percent legit too legit to quit
because I huh oh my god both of you play
a pro nice nice
laissez faire I don't you know what I
don't know what laissez faire is I am a
capitalist I enjoy capitalism that is
for sure I don't know what laissez faire
means though so I do apologize buyer
beware I believe Oh God we're dead irate
what's buyer like what does that mean I
know I'm buyer beware means but the
person selling you something is gonna
try and cheat you the person who you
might you might be buying a piece of
junk that's somebody sold something
great
oh okay no I think there needs to be
consumer protection of course are you
are you about done for the night I'm
asking me yeah yes Oh done got Lee's XIV
oh maybe has a second player there or is
that is that a glitch Scott Lee oh okay
okay are you about done yeah yeah do you
want to plug in the second controller
uh-huh and then we'll try it okay with
you having the boots we'll give it one
shot all right
laissez-faire equals a policy or
attitude of letting things take their
own course without interfering no no no
I don't believe in your pure free market
capitalism oh yeah I guess I'm oh I hope
you wear and Leslie for the things the
things people say in whatever all right
kid buttons can you all right no like
pure pure unadulterated Gary market cap
get get into tube well I'm going to buy
I think that's taking it too far there
needs to be basic consumer laser a
module go down down down down down down
there you go okay all right weapons what
do you like get we need all right we
need somebody to attack dogs cuz we're
gonna have dogs on us okay
so done got Lee or you got the shotgun
Don your focus is on the dogs you're
gonna protect me and and Jack and and
Dark Souls okay
alrights your dog duty jackrabbit
shotgun and you may be like backup dog
duty backup the backup dog duty ok The
Punisher is that a Shack no one's slow
reloading the other go down to the go
down the arc shotgun try that try that
we'll see what that does all right now
for where you need a rocket launcher
because we're gonna be running around
reloading each other and shooting at the
boss ok so we need to have up not that
one the other one right that one umm
what else should you have a mech no you
can and you can grab it wait just grab a
grab mech sure hope we should be using
it I think we're using it that means
there are problems oh well then do grab
some of those kress with the airstrikes
who we got here
no no we want something this is
anti-tank and with a high power that's
not powerful enough listen like that and
that turrets gonna be doing jack shit
for us how about another one of these
there you go great alright great so I'm
on where I'm on dogs your undock means
me and Don are on dogs
well you're on you're on reloading me
okay I'm on dogs and reloading you and
occasionally dropping em oh okay joking
we can do this not the arc shotgun it's
awful it's awful well I didn't know that
I've never really used it alright it's
fine if it's awful you're not on dog
duty great great I'm ready
right chefs saying this is going to go
badly
no frowny face who's that I can't read
it because it's bright green on white
your noble kinsman yeah yeah
okay all right
with the aim yeah that we're going okay
what's the planning plan is we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna go
down we're gonna tag this thing keep
your distance
okay especially me and Jack is we have
the boots don't get too close we keep
keep a distance oh my god
my gun is the worst the arc shotgun yeah
all right fine
load me
all right run away run away
oh I'm coming down
okay
all right good good good all right run
run top top right top right running
somebody can revive done on it
reload me check a little bit Hey run run
yep yep running dogs running dogs I know
you guys can't run it just it's not fair
it's terrible and I don't like it
but it's the way things are
I see the shadow army Saturday noon
load me let's run off the corner
drop some ammo
come on
oh sorry dark souls it's okay everyone's
expendable everyone's expendable thank
you for covering my back run around run
around he's getting too close to run
around
I'm sorry done haha I'm sorry this sucks
for you and and Dark Souls it really
does I didn't design the game I didn't
decide snow would be great for this
fight and it can't happen on different
Maps I played this in a map that wasn't
garbage
whoopsie I died arrived you when I get a
chance
yeah
the developer is something sorry I
missed I missed that uh Dark Souls the
some about developers in DLC I
absolutely believe in so here's
something you should know about the arc
shotgun is it sucks well the first not
leveled at all maybe it gets really
awesome later it's a you have to hold it
for a little bit to build up a charge
okay all right Jack grab that supply kit
cuz I'm gonna need your girl oh baby all
right sorry where is it run run down run
down run run run run run very running
all right shove a rocket in my tube I
don't have a rocket I don't have it grab
the pack what pet oh here it is you got
the pack head of the pack there they go
big off what this I can I can call
people
okay do it
I throw it rub throat run writing this
is gonna take forever
as we only have two people who can move
right which is garbage
get up get up
where are the people did they die
already
fuck yeah they died already because
they're fucking done here jack okay
give me and I won't give me an mo are
you loaded yeah
let's shoot this guy son oh sorry Oh God
apparently I wasn't reloaded I can
reload you that's why we have to pack
white net listen I didn't know and I hit
the bugger okay okay
I'm ready all right would you want me to
shoot something else first
you know what because your shotgun sucks
I'll take care of dogs I'll load you
okay so switch to your rocket launcher
and just do you have the one without
sights without the laser sight yeah
thanks alright we're gonna switch your
rocket launcher up you got them I got it
it'd be better with a laser sight I
agree alright then let's find one that
does somebody I'm sure somebody probably
dropped one good pick that one up and
see what happens okay
yeah this is good all right I got the
dog just take aim and go to the boss got
it run run run run run run run run run
run run run
ah fucus thank you
we need to take care of some of these
yeah I know I know we need to get our
friends back
knowledge
oh my god all right so sorry
wait come back come back tell me
something all right
sure
nope didn't reload it
that should have yeah that's it okay
this is where I'm never happening this
is never happening this is dumb this is
dumb yeah of course it's dumb look how
look how low he is or look how it you
know what kind of tell we could do it I
think it this right though would just
take all fucking night oh no at this
rate it well there's there's just no way
we can do it
yeah this is dumb
all right I think we're done then I
think we're done all right all right
Irish this is dumb it's taking too long
is that yeah it's not doing any damage
if if all four of us were working
together and could run then it'd be a
different story
what other thing I see jetpacks not this
boss oh I know I can't do the other boss
because that's not all right we're
fucked it's done it I'm sorry yeah that
was unwinnable I know and the amount of
cheese versus the amount of time wasn't
worth it
I'm very sorry but I twirl in salute of
everyone thank you twirl in salute death
to snow death - Thank You Don
Thank You Derek Souls wait use the car
yeah but then you got so many cars and
they're gonna blow up I suppose we could
try it with the cars we got like eight
cars do I try it with the cars grandpa
Jack needs to go to bed you're all right
double thanks for probably you like it
especially be fun and we would be mobile
okay fair enough fair enough
sorry what time is it it's uh it's 1138
all right all right it's good for you
thank you everybody thank you for coming
out this is a fun game all right let's
find our wager all right whoo we have
got a lot John hey John B 8:20 always
that the top 12 months - oh yeah high
school here was just to make sure move
it over to this murder area Mario Mario
42:18 two months in a row hometown
Markab 16 months in a room come
please small skeleton Emry 801 riot crew
18 months in a row
Emery sorry I stepped on that you said
time wish
Emery had 13 months in a row that's fine
no it's fine
Bunga Doug 15 months in a row Streicher
1 1 2 1
elvis delvis 17 months in a row hick sir
mixer never wealthy always rich uncool a
man 14 months in row lumpy head 97
Ghengis Borgnine 13 months in a row
purple bag baby edited purple bass Spurs
oka purple base bazooka I was again
whatever I see that yeah just the way
it's bow they just want to call back it
should be it should be HAP 78 says again
you guys are the best and also a half
seventy it says you guys are fucking
amazing any chance of police quest to
stream on Wednesday I don't know know if
we have a date to say we're gonna do
please push to at some point I'm not
sure exactly what we'll see what we're
in the mood for on Wednesday we'll see
we'll see
ah Batman advice Biffle Potamus 17
months in a row you know you did the
boys yeah they really wanted to do the
Biffle Potamus in the void would make
sense I stopped myself my brain had
whiplash and it would seem that our our
Lord and Savior Neil brain has just
subscribed
you you bless us all
Neil brain split Asst I'm sorry what
split miss I'm reading the names hum
shot 80th now I would have seen in the
moss eisely Katina would literally
everybody starts pulling out their
blasters and starts shooting at Han
who's sitting at the table and just 80
different times his head does that
awkward think it did the digital move
yeah it just doesn't like 80 times any
then he shoots one they all died what
chips Chernobyl kinsmen cracker man 526
MC Lucas 8t months in a row Ketron son
Wraith Elvin Fox Garga Wrath Garga rots
the front garner Ross I'm gonna be
Gargery either Gardner Rath sounds like
a you let us know which one you are
it sounds like Gargery spell it out in
the chat because that'll be so medieval
you know Garga wrath if it's Garga if
it's gar gar gar gar are no it's carga
wrath definitely - Dex doohickey - and
my name is Tate thing I thought I
realize we're gonna step on your line
and you're supposed to say it so we
fucked up well in the same time like I
heard you go like I heard you inhale and
so I was prepared and I like I gave it a
little pause and I was like a waiting
let's do that let's do that right now
say thank you my name is Kaden feed me
my wine feed me my man
I'm a pampered and and my name is Tate
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's just true can we fire him
I want everything perfect out of my sets
what are we saying that Christian Bale
that one guy the lighting technician
right
oh yeah Jonathan about the light how was
that you're done you're done you're done
done get on it I forget yeah okay
goodbye
