Mar 8, 2015
Vanquish
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3881629, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyPG3XMWJeI
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3929583, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVDmWetQh8A
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3929683, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kQb3Auyzl0
Part IV: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3945821, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnRJP2pl57E
Part V: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3945835, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOe00lVMF7M
6:13pm: "Half & a Hack stream tonight, Vanquish at 8:30pmCDT" (archive.vn/vQy1Y)

[Part I]
Rich: Vanquish, in my ear. Playing the music, oh dear! Many lose me, floozy kadoozie, mama...that game got real long. I'm not sure why...What the heck is that noise? Is there an ad playing? Oh, fuck off, ad. It's fucking up my goddamn recording, ya goddamn ad. All right. Um, we'll see if I gotta turn that down. Stop recording. Did that never record? I never recorded. Hello, my baby. Hello, my darling. Hello, my ragtime gal. Baby, you'll lose me, flooze me kadooze me, shoovie budubbie...all right, I'm gonna talk normal now, because that's just me singing. I don't think that's a very accurate test. All right, well let's see...

[Part II]
that that test with you okay I might
have done i streamed earlier oh okay
when I was I was doing my own personal
sound check and I was singing her hello
my baby hello Madeline and that that was
live over the Internet
did it yeah I had no idea but that went
live over the Internet
hello my baby hello my darling I'm here
testing sound
send me a Skype all right everybody
hello chat how are you doing hello
everybody welcome welcome to the stream
sorry about missing Wednesday everyone
was sick bye everyone
I was fine sure so how's our sound first
first and foremost first and foremost
oh I paused it I didn't mute it no it's
muted okay great Oh some people went to
pax that's great I've been I've been
seeing pictures and seeing stuff from
pax it looked like super fun
I know it's Beck's come on well I'm
thinking about are you able to change
the name or did you do that already I
did that already I'm so on top of this
rich because it wasn't letting me do
that earlier it's really annoying I mean
yeah sometimes it takes a while to
refresh sometimes you need to go into
the dashboard to do it sometimes you
have to do it from the channel view it's
it it sucks
I'm gonna look into why that is okay so
I think it's I think it's a switch thing
we had the daylight savings today
apparently I thought I had another hour
to go I'm sitting around I'm looking at
the the clock up here in the studio at
7:30 I got plenty of time
then Jack Skype citizen where are ya
what's going on Oh
so I got a roll know either I had to
rush that second soundcheck with Jack
involved and mmm I'm sure that went
through because I accidentally hit
stream again and here we are and here we
are I'm going to I'm gonna look through
to see if you streamed your singing and
we're just gonna upload that into the
YouTube channel you can do that I am if
it's there everything I wanna do it
that's great just that that'll be a
daily video so the chance seemed to like
our order review was Joan Jett in there
earlier
I'm glad we liked our order review too I
think I was really happy with the King
without came on yeah as we've talked
about before you guys know it when we
first started the show I was trying to
keep the episodes at like a solid 10
minutes
and so like making the episode a
half-hour long was a little tough for me
just cuz you know in my in my head it's
like Internet video it's gotta be sure
it's got to be quick you know but
there's just so much to say so I needed
to get it all out there and I you know
we cut so much so we rich and I talked a
lot more about a lot of other things in
the game but and you know just cut I'm
gonna play it I'm gonna play for the
thrill to refresh myself good idea I'm
we're having inversion issues but I'm
having I'm having inversion issues again
because cuz I think I'm like playing
with a controller now before I was like
with the mouse yeah that's right so when
I when I when I when I'm just like blind
firing I really want to invert when I'm
what I'm actually like aiming paying
attention yeah then then I want to go
like the normal way so I think it's like
flipping back and forth as I play sure
yeah oh yeah I'm glad you like the
sectoid the sectoid reference that was
literally just for you guys I kept that
in there cuz I knew
guys would like it toys just because we
did that in the chat we did that while
playing the game and I kept it and there
just for you and and by the way I see as
someone were saying in the chat like V
the montage the 61 kill men montage it
was a little too long yeah try playing
it rich they can't hear the game audio
like it all is oh and because you're
doing it through the Hauppauge capture
you need to make sure that the volume is
up on the capture device like geez you
know the in the capture window there's
like a little volume control i I just
adjusted it people can tell me if that's
working for me okay I can also uncheck
no he will tell me is it oh yes okay I
heard it now in in the stream so you're
good you're good rich oh no I thought I
could hear myself okay not good but
better right I turned it down because I
wanted them to hear you I turned it down
like an advanced oh sure sure sure and
now I'm gonna need to turn it down in my
end so I can hear you oh now someone's
saying they were hoping that the gunshot
montage would be longer I thought was I
thought I liked how it turned out like
that was one of those I because there
was some sickness over here be my my
editing schedule on the release schedule
for the video got pushed back like up
and I
really helping I was hoping to have it
done Thursday night so it could be up
Friday afternoon and it you know I moved
to a day behind so it got done Friday
night and I uploaded him for Saturday
afternoon but like one of the things
that I was working on one of those
really late nights ahead of age was that
montage and it just got it got weird and
I did pull it back a little bit it was
weirder at first but I pulled it back a
little bit but I yeah I'm really happy
with this episode I'm seeing a lot of
good response and it's shockingly the
real shocking thing is there are people
who defend the order 1886 and they're
differently there's just no way you can
ever trust that person you defended the
human lay like you think it's great
anytime there's the illusion of you
playing does the game slows down you
have to hit X to quote do something I
wanted I want to choke somebody then
well that infuriates me no I'm not
playing the game you're making me play
this button so I continue watching the
scripted cutscene please stop doing that
please never do that again
right right oh no I'm hearing the audio
on delay Oh yep if you will do you
absolutely will be welcome welcome to my
problem that's terrible yep yeah it's
really disorientating
no words like this is this game by the
way I see someone saying oh god it's
alien isolation all over again this game
like makes alien look fantastic if you
were just to have those two games they
have different very different problems
very different problems but at least in
Alien there is more game to the games
I've said in the chat that alien
isolations problem is that there's not
enough content for a full game it should
have been really short yeah and this all
Geo constantly works against the horror
of it is you can't be scared of the
alien when you're happy to see it you
know yeah
but the order is just a complete failure
of concept there's you know I mean it's
a movie that you kind of play through no
it's terrible
that's a bad idea there's nothing fun
about that I'd rather watch a movie it's
not a game that's that's the real thing
yeah doctor kill the cat most people
agree with the the order review but
comparatively the sonic and alien
isolation of you are far far more
controversial I think I think come
tomorrow it's gonna get a little more
controversial the the problem with the
weekend release is the blogs are
sleeping and so we're not picking up on
it outside of our own fan base yet so
quite possibly if anyone outside of our
fan base starts watching it it would be
controversy wall will start up again or
just everyone agrees that that the order
sucks that could be a thing too
I was just watching a champion review
but like I still kind of want to see it
because I kind of like me up on one of
the boring and I came here and we
actually did our we did our prereq thing
for hands of fate that's true that's
true
did you you haven't seen district 9 yet
though no you should see this written
item don't don't see chappie because the
parent it's getting mixed reviews TV
should not everyone agrees that's a
great movie fucking prompts fucking
fucking prong so you'll get that after
you see mr. fine okay okay yeah oh my
god Ritchie I guess I didn't even notice
your hairy chest is in the champion of
you my Harry Oh cuz I got the shirt comb
plink it is disheveled from this fart
it's the worst thing ever right yeah
fucking promise
no see it like mr. collision I think
district 9 is like district 9 is on the
nose but it's like they never there's a
difference between like if you look at
district 9 minute Liam there's a
difference between being on the nose and
hammering over hammering a point home so
if you look at district 9 in elysium
district 9 like has this overarching
like social commentary about apartheid
and like separation and what do you call
it when segregation mic has its
overarching theme of segregation right
because aliens land in South Africa and
they're quarantined in this one area and
you know they're treated terribly and
they're there it's it's it's like a big
deal and that that's the overarching
theme and they are on the knows about it
but it's never like it's never like no
one ever turns to camera and it's like
apartheid is bad whereas in Elysium
there are several moments of just like
you know the class structure is really
messed up so it's like there's a
difference between being on the nose and
and turning to camera to deliver your
message instead of letting the film play
out so did I not provide for I pronounce
right it's a part the part side
apartheid that thing in South Africa I'm
right I want to say it's apartheid but I
don't know I could I could be wrong I
lion up but also I and I think I've
talked about this in Jena I like to
listen him it was just it was just a
little too much on the nose but overall
I like to listen I'm a I'm Pro elysium
just that Matt Damon he know it is
apartheid okay yeah I don't print Oh
apparently there is a th but it's not
pronounce alright well thank you thank
you Jeff
oh that's that's Tjader 8.45 puts it
more succinctly which is there's a
difference between being on the nose and
punching a hole right through your face
absolutely absolutely Jada that's that's
the difference between district nine and
illicium you don't like Matt Damon Mario
Mario I like Matt Damon fine actor he's
a fine actor fine actor I really think
he's a fine actor does that Matt Damon
in alyssum yeah no I thought it was that
was Marky Mark no Marky Mark was in the
new Transformers okay okay
poor Marky Mark he's never gonna get
over being Marky Mark
should he in a perfect world now no he
will always do Marky Jack if there's one
thing you could do to make the gameplay
of the order better what would it be
okay
that's a good question enemy variety
funner weapons and yes I did say funner
funner
that's another to work that's a word uh
you know overall like the shooting
sections and this is a part that I cut
down a lot the shooting sections were
like what it which you you you called it
something very appropriate which was
like it was a shooting gallery well if
you if you take a game like if you take
a game like Gears of War you're running
all over the place you're trying to
flank the enemy you're finding cover and
all that like a big arena like a shooter
should have a big arena for you to play
in and the order you just stay in one
area pop out of cover and shoot for the
most part yeah yeah besides a couple
fights at the end that's the technically
it's the most sound thing to do is just
stay there pop-up
shoot back down back down yep never you
never really get flames you get those
shotgun guys who's suicidal you charge
at you know but other than that you
really they don't really try to flank
you the AI it is like stay behind their
cover and they pop out the shoot
yeah and so like without like changing
anything drastic with the game it's like
open up the arena fix the enemy AI so I
actually have to do something during the
gun battles now this is I think this is
because the shooting I don't know if we
made this clear enough that's only about
a quarter of the game yeah most of it is
the the pseudo interactive cutscene shit
camera slows down hit X then hit X then
he grabs a pan and swings it at somebody
or something and then you wait for the
next time a button prob comes up and
then the camera slows down then you
gotta hit that button and it's not I
didn't even want to call it a QuickTime
event because you know traditionally
historically a QuickTime event you at
least had to be it was like a reflex so
really some kind of game delay aspect to
it you at least had to be fast you have
to know the button layout to hit the
right button and hit it quickly they
give you all the time in the world just
to hit that X it's just sitting on the
screen generally generally in a system
off in a QuickTime event you need to hit
the button in a quick that's why I can't
I made sure to keep that part in where
you didn't have to hit the button in any
amount of time you just could wait there
the game is literally I mean it's
constantly it's it's waiting for you to
play it slow down to pretend to feel
like I'm playing it to imagine you're
playing the game when you're not playing
the game I hate it yeah you should hate
it but but so yeah like if if we could
fix the the shooting sections of it give
me an arena give me some enemy AI where
I feel like I need to move around a
little bit more that would be great like
like rich said let me use those awesome
weapons let me go away yeah for the
designated section o space Russians just
literally they microwaved San Francisco
space Russians space Russians that
sounds awesome I'm watching they
hijacked space station that's got like
some kind of microwave power things was
to beam energy from the Sun to earth
they they aimed it at San Francisco and
literally like putting everyone in San
Francisco on a microwave is what they
did yep so now we have to storm the
space station with the microwave rate oh
my god they're coming from the moon
who's coming from the moon is that the
Russian this is this is the u.s. we're
attack we're tank trying to retake the
microwave Space Station all right you of
course are wearing the experimental
super suit yes that's what I want that's
a game you are the only one right so the
order yeah right and so yeah like I'm
trying to think of practical ways like
practical and easy ways because it like
obviously is just like take out most of
the cutscenes and but like you know even
like with the game that we have give me
some better arenas and some better enemy
AI so I feel like I do need to like run
around and shoot people make shooting
people more satisfying ie giving me the
cool weapons that you only give me once
in the game and a lot not only do you
have to make it fun cuz it's not fun the
shooting but their nations their needs
relatively speaking there needs to be a
lot more of it like that should be it
should be a shooter game which mission
not nutty walk around while people talk
and wait to hit the square button when
the square button prompt comes up sure
so this cutscene will keep like oh
that's the whole game it is it is well
I'll walk a while and asks a good
question and I do want to bring this out
he says the order critique is a bit
overplayed isn't it it's such an easy
target we've got you know that game was
to fundamentally fraud to let that slide
it's 60
dollar a flagship title for the
PlayStation 4 yeah this is this is the
system seller you're looking at with
that look with the plate look what the
ps4 can do so yeah it deserves to be
slammed hard but also this is a this is
generally an issue with with rich and I
which is we rich and I don't get early
access to games for review purposes so
that means we had to buy the game when
it came out
do you know play it obviously which
fortunately for us did not take that
long yeah we were we weren't committed
by the time it became something of a
shitstorm right and so there's a
whipping boy yeah so we had already said
we're gonna do this and of course review
started coming out before we bought the
game and and so you know that's just one
of the issues with with rich and I the
order we're not we're not counting on
getting advanced great no not of any so
many properties here's so as a your town
is next says here's my question
did it really warrant a 30 plus minute
video to trash it and and my answer to
that is because we couldn't be the first
out of the gate I wanted to make sure we
were as thorough as possible also the
game has that many problems but good
that's really true by the way that's
really true I mean literally the stuff I
cut out was inconsequential at the end
but like that's how bad the game was is
yes it did warrant a review that long
and I wanted to make sure that if we
couldn't be like the review right when
the game came out that we were as
thorough as possible with a game that is
$60 and so yeah I do think that it's
warranted that and I think that
I don't know I'm really happy with
either of you turned out I'm really
happy with with the precise examples
that were given I don't know something
so obviously I think it's worth a
30-minute review I made the review you
have to be loud about a game like this
being fundamentally flawed because you
don't want people to make more games
like this you don't want more games that
aren't really games anymore yeah this
doesn't fly right no no this cannot fly
this cannot we cannot stand for games
like this this would this will this will
drag down the community in general this
game starts with like a 20-minute
cutscene but that honestly well she's
lovely but then there's like none for
the rest of the game okay okay there's
like a few brief ones they get they get
it all out of the way basically right
yeah so far have you played it all yet
or is this all been cut saying very
little very little be honest but after
this it's it's pure action Oh is there
where you can turn subtitles on oh I'll
do in the custody I don't see okay I
mean I don't know if you could pause
during over I don't know I might I might
end up skipping it I think you're just
trying to get me to skip the cutscene
that could be that could be it I refuse
to do it it's a matter of the principle
rich rich does not skip cutscenes does
not happen right so I'm sorry and yes I
see I see everyone in the chat asking
for for for subtitles which will turn
them rich do you think we're used as I
see someone asking the chat were you
satisfied with our district like I was
really satisfied with our discussion of
it that that gave me a lot of closure
were you satisfied with the destruction
of it yeah I mean III would like to
upload the full video of it just burning
sure because that was condensed a lot
yeah well you know again for time yeah
it burned for a while oh it burned for a
long time those those matches really
went up so yes I will be just putting up
Beyond on our YouTube channel beyond
edited version from the GoPro of it just
burning
those rich skip cutscenes in Mass Effect
3 I haven't played Mass Effect reasons
that came out so I skipped the whole
game right right Jack Illuminati
confirmed a lot of people like some
people mentioned the love of my my pizza
t-shirt which has an Illuminati symbol
on it that's my pizza t-shirt does it
got that eye in the pyramid thing yeah
yeah but that's odd that's like cutout
of a nother Tippa slice of pizza it's
pretty great I think that you still have
sub alerts turned off no I don't think
I'm here in the jet and I haven't seen
anybody so I've heard one earlier when I
accidentally started streaming for a bit
jerem I don't see any subs in the in the
channel and and I we haven't been
hearing them what the fuck's and I'm
sure it's ticked on rich nobody do rich
is it ticked on you and this happens
sometimes with twitch maybe what maybe
we'll get him in a couple hours like
we'll get like 20 oh my god you're
sliding look at that oh yeah that looks
awesome
subtitles Oh awesome this is awesome
this is a shooter you can only play it
with a controller and this game is so
good I deal with that yeah yeah alright
I'm gonna lean normally I'd find that
unplayable is this the ps3 exclusive
it's on the Xbox 360 - okay
I might have to borrow your ps3
oh so oxygen saying apparently subs are
happening but they're not even being
displayed in the chat really oh well I'm
we're trying if if you sub let us know
and well thank you I'm sorry about that
but this is a twitch thing right now and
let us know if you if you type in at
previously recorded interest or live
then we see we see that in there like a
black bar if you type at us and then
we'll see if you uh safety safety in
numbers thank you for subscribing I see
that you're saying dr. J that you did
we've really appreciate it we're very
sorry that that uh our sub alerts aren't
working mister glitch it's your four
month anniversary thank you for
subscribing yeah they're saying twitch
is being bucked today gorilla gorilla
dream thank you for subscribing we've
really appreciate it so who cares about
subs why is that important the subs make
this happen these subs are very
important we really do appreciate all of
your subs and we need to see the subs so
we can thank you all individually
hipster Superman thank you for
subscribing you very much appreciate it
microfiber militia I'm a mother that's a
great name it's a great name it's it's
microfiber militias 5-month the bursary
of really appreciated mr. glitchet full
month i see that crunky thank you for
subscribing we we really do all of your
support just it keeps us streaming every
every week and we really do appreciate
it
yep guerrilla dream thank you for
subscribing
Jean pecan
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
Oh Billa hecka you'll renew next weekend
well thank you next week come on how do
you do I put it out it to tell you the
truth I just put it out of my head and I
just I just try to focus on you it's
tough though safety and numbness it's
only my two-month okay I'm sorry I'm me
remix thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciated God fada 42 it's your
two-month anniversary thank you for
subscribing see here read rich rich
reads Stardust thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
drugs underscore there's nothing I could
do to convince you to subscribe if you
subscribe you get the feets are all by
your name and a thank you from us on you
you help this dream happen but it's your
choice
Omni remix its Omni remixes nine-month
Wow
thank you really do appreciate it baby
Slayer 156 first of all I mean how hard
is it to slay a baby come to think about
it they don't even move that much
leftover beefcake four-month anniversary
thank you for subscribing leftover
beefcake we really do appreciate it
let's see here bong Oh Doug its Bongo
Doug's six-month anniversary
sepharon said I subscribe like three
weeks ago but I did it a half an hour
before the stream started because
whatever well thank you anyway
sefa ran we appreciate it let's see here
ice ice bone badger is renewed now for
seven months we really appreciate it
you've been with us for a while where
does the money go the money the money
goes so like for example grandmom the
coulee wants to know like where all the
sub money goes we spend the sub money on
buying games obviously you guys know we
bought rich you know a gaming PC with
the sub money we the reason that he's
able to play this and stream this right
now is because of you guys yeah capture
the capture device like we we buy the
capture device we've but also like for
example like we bought the order for $60
and normally that's a game that we would
just return you know and use like in
store credits buy another game but fires
a gun fucking hell
but like because we have an income
because of twitch we made the decision
to you know burn the game best of the
worst style we bought all the matches we
and we bought you know glue sticks for
the glue gun you know we were able to
not have to worry about returning the
game for in-store credit because we knew
we had an income from you guys we're
able to do stuff with the channel
because of you so that's where that's
where the money's going oh no in
Alejandro's I have not had a chance yet
to to install the space cop spelunky mod
Alejandra's made us a space cop spunky
mod for us rich but it's it's yours it's
it's here as done yes and i we perhaps
Wednesday we will we will we'll play a
little space cops wonky
but you guys use the HD PVR 2 for HDMI
streaming yes that's what rich is using
right now he's using the Hauppauge HD
PVR 2 I also got the elgato HD kappa
device which for me I'm a Mac user and
so that works a little bit smoother with
the Mac operating system and also does
not require a power cord draws power
from the USB device and so it's a little
less a little less cords hanging around
but now we each have a capture device so
we can each play and stream and more
importantly capture games so
so it's all this kind of stuff it's all
this kind of stuff that you guys allow
us to do how come you never torment rich
on camera in prereq because that's not
our stick that's Mike Cystic Mike likes
to torment rich yes that's who your town
is Nick that's right it you're your
subscriber money will go towards new
GoPros when I burn mine we came very
close to burning it by the way that fire
set by ten thousand matches was a little
larger than I thought it would be but
now rich I don't you know I'm not into
the whole tormenting people for my
amusement thing that's that's Mike's
thing
Jack what video editor to use for prereq
videos they look sharper than other rlm
videos well hopefully Jay is listening I
use a premier I have the Adobe Creative
Cloud suite and J and Mike are still
using Final Cut 7 which is something we
talk about constantly but but we I mean
we all use the same cameras so the only
difference is in our editing software I
also I mean I do and I don't know if Jay
might do this I do spend time like color
correcting and making sure like my input
levels are good I spend you know because
I have the Creative Cloud I get to like
take my footage from Adobe Premiere and
take it over to Adobe SpeedGrade and do
like basic color Corrections make sure
that it's nice even lighting I end some
time working on that just because that's
stuff that I'm into and I don't know if
Jane might do that kind of stuff but I
appreciate it I appreciate you saying
that they look good I think they also
look good because of those sweet-ass
sets I think we should all take a moment
and thank rich for those sweet-ass sets
which were by the way something I was
against I was against those sets I need
time to get more variety I've been
working on like space cotton miniature
stuff lately and we need we need
different games we really do we do we do
but yeah the original plan was having
like six we can rotate from and I got
two to three and then it's you gotta
make this model they gotta need this
little spaceship I I really like it I'm
once you're done with the space cop
stuff we'll be able to meet you'll be
able to make more but I really like them
I think they turned out great
and I'm I'm absolutely okay
think admitting that I was 100% wrong
that we we should just have the studio
in the background that was my idea my
idea was to have like all of the 8-bit
characters there but instead of having
the screen have like just the the junk
in the studio in the background I
thought that would look cool and I was
absolutely wrong we do that on best of
the worst but you know it's too similar
ya know and you're right
you were absolutely right oh I agree we
knew we do need a Santa's we need a
samus we rich wants of Tetris I think a
Tetris would be great Tetris would be
fairly easy and I at least want more
setups quickly for now oh well you know
we were what we were just talking about
is making maybe some like original
Gameboy ones where they're like that
awful shade of green I think that would
be neat
dr. tallow says why do you never do wide
shots for prereq I will tell you that
originally we never did them because I
only had two cameras which is the
absolute truth
remember that brings the recorded is
only exists because you know red letter
media was looking for more content that
could be 100% produced without without J
or mine and so it was like okay I can
shoot them I only had two cameras and so
I was like well this is the two angles
and now we have the sets in such a way
where it's more conducive to just having
the two cameras and I do like the
back-and-forth I know a lot of people
want that two shot you know
and the night monster I said I'm seeing
the giant you just shot him in the dick
I got shot by a cannon what I want to go
to that gun okay I here's what here's
what I will tell you today rich I shot
the discussion for the next episode and
we did try out a third camera and I'm
making absolutely no guarantees that it
will appear in game or in game as I said
Oh God I make no guarantees that it will
appear in the actual video but we did we
did shoot from a third angle and we'll
see if it turns out I'm actually that's
what I'm doing right now I'm importing
all of the footage it takes it takes
about 45 minutes to an hour to ingest
and transcode oh fuck I can't use audio
cues for the cannon that's why I'm
getting it makes a noise I can't hear it
oh fuck oh fuck that's bad that's bad
that's bad you can do it pay attention
someone is asking how long does the
prereq set take to set up teardown oh
it's absolutely a while you know every
we have to put up the sheets put up each
individual character sound it's on a
little stand that we have to completely
move every single light in the studio
and that doesn't count like setting up
cameras setting up microphones it takes
a while to setup and teardown so we we
are constantly looking for ways to
streamline and we have gotten faster as
time has gone on we have definitely
gotten faster but it just takes a while
how is everybody not dead do you have a
timeframe for the next half Rebecca I
don't think no I know in the works there
is a best of the worse like in the Edit
works I don't know half the vein just
hand a half in the bag I was gonna say a
good one just come out today they either
mean prereq or or vest oh okay well if
it's best of the worse there's one
edited being edited right now pre for
prereq rich and I rich and I personally
and again there's absolutely no
guarantees but personally we want to get
one out every two weeks now yes sir
that's our delayed New Year's resolution
yes absolutely so we we have one you
know we have all the footage shot of the
next one which is great but it probably
won't be out for a couple weeks just
because we've just had two prereqs in a
row and so like look you know half the
bag came out let's get another best of
the worst out let's maybe get something
else out then another prereq and and so
hopefully rich and i can can get on an
official schedule which I would love I
love scheduling things
animus primal says Jack did you hire
rich for prereqs solely due to his
building capabilities absolutely I
didn't even know hire me right I didn't
even know rich liked video games I just
knew him as a set builder and as it
turns out after he was done building a
set one day we talked about video games
yeah they're few and far between yeah
Jack why is your mic muted when the
camera is on rich and vice versa can't
you mix the audio better first of all
the reason my mic is muted is because
I'm mixing the audio correctly the the
thing you need to know about the studio
is it's a giant metal box that has a ton
of echoes in it and so even though rich
and I are are you know each have our own
microphones there is a ton of echo in
the studio and so the reason my mic is
muted and you'll sometimes hear me kind
of like silently laughs when the cameras
on rich is because if my microphone was
on you'd also be hearing this awful echo
from rich talking and so it's the audio
I do really try to mix the audio so that
it is desirable and that's that's part
of it getting rid of that awful echoes
is a is actually like that's a really
hard part
it's the final thing I do in the Edit is
just like sweet in the audio so there
you go then go I wondered if you had two
cameras one one of you laughs over the
other talking it's so needed yeah that's
so yeah that's that's why that's why
because I want to get that echo out of
there
that's what I'm hoping for I'm hoping to
get rid of that echo and it's it's tough
to do audio mixing is a tough thing and
I'm not like necessarily an audio guy
I'm learning as I'm going it got a
little bit easier once we started using
the I have a zoom h6 which is super
great really really great standalone
audio mixer so rich in a-- and then it
automatically separates rich a nice
channel which makes it a lot easier for
post work but again we you know we we
try to make things better as we go along
you know what I'm doing Ritchie Jibran
how do boom mics work well rich and I
use loud mics we you know we have little
lavalier mics those tiny little
microphones that you see clipped to our
shirts and whatnot boom legs working in
about the same but it with a boom mic
it's a little more directional but you
need someone to hold it or I suppose we
could just that boom mic stands but then
if rich and I moved around a lot of mic
it was better for what we're doing
because it actually gets closer to our
mouth generally speaking for audio the
the key to any good audio is getting the
microphone the absolute closest to your
mouth that you can and so I forgot I was
asked ask Kennedy I'm sorry what rich he
hasn't asked kenick he shot he basically
he shot me up with his ass yeah purple
laser beam shoot out of his ass
and he was just fucking me up with those
that's great
Elvis does the h6 is a little overkill
for prereq but I also use it for live
mixing previously recorded live which
often times has three or more of us and
so like when when Jay and myself and
rich are in the studio we each can have
our own individual mic which i think is
very helpful and I also use it for my
other real projects I have like real
projects that's what I said that's fair
what I meant to is my business projects
like I use it as a standalone audio
recording device for my business
projects
he pooped a laser I'm watching a now
rich exactly exactly slice I'm like
audio proofing the studio would be great
and you know it's one of those things
that we are we are constantly looking
into ways to better and just you know
the the real thing with like one the
studio is big so there's no way we can
audio proof the whole thing and so then
you're looking at audio proofing like
tiny sections like like I saw in the
chats when I was mentioning like some
some sound absorbing blankets in a PVC
pipe frame but then the that's like more
things to move around every time and
then we're still working around lights
and camera it's it's it's big to do's
and the audio is just it hasn't been
that big of an issue like if we want to
get perfect we could but that would take
extra time and the more time and and
this is the real important thing to
remember that like for example rich and
I shot prereq today which means that we
had to set up the studio we had to set
up the cameras we had to set up the
lights we had to set up the audio
equipment then we had to and it was just
written ayah so then what would happen
is rich would sit down in one chair and
I would get the camera ready then rich
would move to the other chair while I
got the other camera ready then rich and
I were talking we would do audio so then
we would be in front of the camera with
no ones behind camera watching things do
our discussion and then we'd have to
tear everything down which is what we
did today
and so like adding up things like sound
dampening blankets is just more time we
need to take setting up stuff which
means that we're not getting the next
episode edited because then we have to
stop doing that I have to come here and
edit and rich needs to build more stuff
for space köppen for prereq you know
people think we don't do anything
because episode so come out once once a
day right right right
we do a lot of shit but we
have much help doing it and that's
that's part of the thing we're you know
a small production company working on
razor-thin profit margins where we just
have to we can we can't get helpers so
exactly that's and by the way all the
stuff we've been talking about is
exactly why you'll hear like weird
echoes in best of the worst and in half
in the bag it's just it's just a thing I
started throwing some like soundproofing
yeah yeah and I think that has helped I
definitely dangerous fucking work though
I really need a lift
obviously we can't afford a lift so I'm
on this like 15 foot ladder I'm near the
top and I'm reaching up as high as I can
to shove these planks with foam glued on
them up into our ceiling rafters right
yeah no and I think like in a perfect
world and I've seen some really neat
I've seen some really neat things as far
as like but like both lighting and audio
eyes there's some really cool things
that could be done but then also just
taking the time to like test things out
as time taking away from making the next
episode time taking away from you know
rich and I have to play all the games
that we talked about you know it's all
time it's all time
but that's fine and and you know I by
the way I I hope it doesn't sound like
I'm complaining because I really do
enjoy it I do enjoy it all there are
some things like you know if we could
ever get to the point where we could
hire a crew that put up and tear down
the set would be great but there's no
way I would ever complain because I do
enjoy I enjoyed coming all the time
about everything
I like you don't wait we can wheel gets
the grease I like I like coming to the
studio I'm talking to you about video
games that's fun okay and if I have to
you know if I have to set up a bunch of
Lights in a set to do that I think I can
do that no technically you could just
show up the studio and talk to me about
video games yeah I won't complain no I
would do that I'm because I'm a bit of a
I'm a bit of a of a workaholic so I I
like having two birds in one stone
exactly I like having an excuse to hang
out with my friends and watch movies an
excuse to hang out my friends and play
video games yeah I too was a bit
surprised by Jays anger in his last vlog
like he's really think that's what's
good for the vlog though is like Jays
getting a lot of this stuff out and
anyone who's not watching Jays daily
vlogs check them out I think they're
really insightful they're really great
how long we could gonna continue on this
farce jack everybody knows that Chey's
blogs are just limit amateurish their
voice he's a terrible no yeah I mean of
course he says crap just like everybody
else's say the crap what's on the ride I
don't give a shit yeah but it's chase my
friend and I don't give a shit what he
has to say about you don't think about
it all the time you hear it all the time
you know this is for the world oh shit
token rich this game looks awesome this
game is freakin amazing
I can't I can play this game at the same
time it's not going that's okay that's
okay algebra I just want to let you know
like it looks like you're a robot man
Rockets sliding over the place and
shooting people
this looks great you're right Jays blog
is the like I says Jays blog is more
controversial than prereq and it is
sometimes sometimes it is but you know
that's just Jay speaking from the heart
red leader 91 says Jack I wants to give
you something on Steam what's your email
how do I send it you can send it to me
or you can we have a prereq Steam
account which is previously recorded dot
r LM at gmail.com you can send it to
that Steam account we we happily take
game donations and gifts we like to be
like to have options of whilst streaming
Oh J's vlogs are the voice of a
generation you're absolutely right
overhaul we we wants to know if you guys
are actually ever going to watch nuki
you know we we have a big plan with all
the new key tapes we've we and we
actually do and I know like we the new
key tape thing has become a bit of a
joke but we actually have a plan for it
do we we've talked about different
things
I don't know that anything's concrete we
have a concrete plan the problem is we
just need like two or three more copies
of new key I I know what I want to do
and I know it's never going to happen so
I'm just not gonna talk about it I and
I'm like I want I I think you know what
I want to do too and it's gonna happen
oh then I can't talk about it because
it's too good of a it's too good of a
premise and I think we can't spoil the
premise Jack what do you tell your wife
when you're do you're doing when you
leave the house to drink beer and watch
bad movies I know I tell her I'm coming
to drink beer and watch bad movies and
she's a good wife tells her he's going
to play at his friend's house
by the time did I blow up the ship no I
dinner oh no way I did did I I think I
got it you time that right you can blow
up that ship with the barrel that's on
that that platform oh okay I think I'm
seeing El Cid oh yeah I see it now that
chip comes on ya know you know we we
also we schedule best of the worst and
so like I obviously make sure it's okay
that I can go and do stuff like that
Oh mr. Schine sales mr. shy smile says
it pleases me that you like this game at
it looks I mean I have not played this
game I did not have a ps3 and I didn't
get it when I add an Xbox 360 this looks
like a really fun game our most
underrated game ever made yeah yeah this
looks great and there's no there's no PC
port I I wish to God there were to play
this with a mouse they go to
self-destruct sometimes mode and they
they speed towards you and it's like an
instant death oh no shit I got it you
got me fucking delayed audio fucking
delayed audio bullshit I'm Cyrus you
gotta be you gotta be more vigilant yeah
I left over beefcake yes you can also
mail in games to the PIO box if you have
classic games or games on discs we will
we absolutely take those kind of those
kind of suggestions and we are more
likely to play something if we have a
physical copy or a digital copy if we
have a more likely we are far more
likely to play something we have no
right now we have no plan we have no
plans for a board game stream we we will
do one again because in general I think
we all had a good time shit but uh there
are no plans to do it just because that
you know
it takes a little bit longer to find
stuff like that there is a board game
that I just want rich to play in general
so perhaps we'll stream that one day
time Barron's but

[Part III]
plans to do it just because then you
know it takes a little bit longer to
play and stuff like that there is a
board game that I just want rich to play
in general so perhaps will stream that
one day time barons but which is which
is a deck building Jack what does your
wife tell your kids when you go over to
Rich's us to play they every once in a
while like they'll see no I like they'll
come in every once in a while and see me
like editing video game footage and they
know what I do it's fine they they of
course they like it because it's video
game stuff I don't let them listen to it
because we cuss a lot but and when I'm
not quite ready to let them to have them
be okay with cousin but that's fine no
because you don't want to be the first I
think we're talking about a customer or
later in their life absolutely
absolutely but here's the big thing you
don't want to be the parents of the kids
that bring cussing to school as soon as
soon as another kid cusses it's gonna be
it's gonna be a sailor house in here
we're gonna be cussing up the storm just
don't be so uptight that's what I would
tell any parents are upset I go fuck
yourself my kids because you go fuck
yourself that's not our works we have to
see these people this time I'm glad I
can expand your child's vocabulary
they're gonna say fuck for the next 50
years of their life hopefully more
hopefully more no I know and I can't
wait to swear with them I cannot wait
because I really enjoy cussing and that
was a really hard thing was like her
curtailing my own cussing when I had
children but but uh
I don't know it like I don't know if
I've told the story on stream but uh
when I was piecing together when I was
cutting up the YouTube video of our
pictionary stream the the thumbnail that
I used was was Rich's like Frank Drebin
drawing and go fuck yourself those Jays
Jays Jays well I think you drew go fuck
yourself writer and so like you know I
used that as a thumbnail because I
thought it was really great thumbnail
and so that was a very time okay I'm
afraid to free these guys and I forgot
to do that guys in the game continuing I
had that little thumbnail and it was I
was saying that all he'd robbed the
order where's the game
where'd the game go I heard this was a
game it's not interactive it's that kind
of definition of the game so no case we
had this tiny thumbnail I'm gonna fuck
yourself and my six-year-old you know
comes into my office and you know like I
quickly checked my computer and I didn't
see any swear words on my computer so
sometimes there's where words on it and
he's talking to me now the sudden I was
earlier it said like fuck you I think
and I was suddenly like you know I'm
talking with him and he's the ask a
person a core something he goes fuck you
and I say what you know and he points to
the thumbnail and you know he's a real
no he's a really good reader and he goes
fuck you and I said uh-huh that's it
and I said uh-huh that's what that says
so you want to snack didn't you can't
make a big deal out of it cuz as soon as
they know it's a big deal to pick me out
but so he that's in there that's in his
brain now button it has not come back
which is great but babies gone up no I'm
like I said once
as long as it's another kid as long as
you're not the kid that as long as
you're not the parent of the kid that
brings it to school I think it's fine
I grew up watching r-rated movies I grew
up around swear words and I refuse to
step on ants if I could help but it's
not messed up my brain oh no no it's not
a it's not a messing up brandade I mean
I do think like like for kids
understanding like what is appropriate
and where it's appropriate is important
and there's no way that they can comfort
like you know right now like I'm sure
they talk about poops and farting in
school because they think it's funny but
you know like there's no way I don't
think they can comprehend that like
that's not appropriate talk when you're
trying to you know do math problems or
whatnot so just making sure that they
understand when it's appropriate to do
so you know is I thinking what's
important and I don't think that they
have all of the abilities to know when
it's appropriate which is you know not
in school you're not supposed to cuss in
school puritanical values absolutely
absolutely
now like I said well I think any age is
a good age for kids to start cursing as
long as you you know as long as it's
like an this is these are in-house words
you know these are words to say around
other people who are okay with it
cussing like any time any time I'm out
like the other day with like we were at
like Target or something and I'm hearing
people and they're in the children's
clothing section and they are cussing up
a storm and it's like what the fuck is
wrong with you
like this is a children's section of
Target stop swearing no that's fine you
don't have to care that's fine Jack when
will you let your kids play the order
1886 oh that would be the greatest
disappointment they come home and they
say we want to play the order you know
what your kids are never going to come
home and say I want to play the order
nope never gonna happen
you know why that game is going to be
forgotten of course this that game is
going to be that game that game it will
be lucky if the order is a footnote like
if the order is like the order sucked so
hard that we had to change our rating
system you know it will be lucky if it
does that
I'm actually fucking around here I'm
actually upgrading your weapons okay if
you pick up if you if you like you pick
up like the assault rifle and your ammo
is full already
instead of refilling your ammo any
assault rifles you pick up pick up when
your ammo is full they kind of like
level up the assault rifle for every
every every three times you do that your
assault rifle gains level more ammo a
little bit more powerful stuff stuff
like that okay I'm kind of choosing the
system a bit after this huge battle and
I'm just picking up all the debris
that's been left behind see I don't
think that's cheating is this I'm like
you're that's the the cost-benefit is
you you have to go around and hunt for
stuff that's fine is it cheesy this is a
hardcore action game and I'm pausing so
I can grab weapons manipulate by my
weapon stats a little bit that's fine I
think it's fine I did it I did get into
I'm saying some people like talk about
the order and kids and whatnot and I did
get into a very serious conversation
with someone the other day I was at a
children's birthday party and I was
talking to some other parents and we
were kind of joking around about Star
Wars and general nerdy stuff you know
people know I'm a nerd in general and so
you know we were talking about Star Wars
and apparently yeah this guy's kid was
really into Star Wars I was like oh
that's you know that's super great ball
of blonde and he talks about he talks it
he mentioned the prequels a little bit
and so high you know mostly joking but
but obviously very seriously mentioned
that in my house the prequels don't
exist which is a very real thing the
prequels will not exist in my house as
far as my kids are concerned there are
three Star Wars movies there and they're
gonna be happier people for that and so
I kind of jokingly mentioned that you
know and this guy looked at me as if I
was crazy rich
you're you're the sanest man on earth
but but like you know I get I'm so yeah
I'm just so used to being around you
guys where it's just generally
understood that the prequels are garbage
right yeah and so you know I make an
offhanded comments about how the
prequels are garbage and this guy's like
what are you talking about I think
they're fine and I was like what are you
talking about
and so I start getting into a rhythm
like like real nerd debate stuff and and
oh god no I know and and it only because
I was so thrown off by the fact that
like he's just a normal person who
doesn't understand that the prequels are
garbage and is just a normal person and
I'm just like but what about this but
what about this but what about this and
he's like oh yeah that was pretty bad
yeah that was pretty bad but you know I
still think there were good movies I was
like no you just said that they were all
bad what people are stupid uh it was it
was it was and you know like I settle
down adventure just cuz it's just like
he's just a normal guy everything's
gonna be fine he's just a normal guy but
but I was so thrown off by someone being
indifferent about the Star Wars pretty
close I'm spending too much time with
you guys I think what do I do in my kids
discover the Star Wars prequels I will
tell them that they are that they are
fanfiction oh yeah something someone
made those who really liked the Star
Wars movies maybe we could make our own
Star Wars movies wouldn't that be fun
and they'll say yo yeah let's do that
and we'll make our own Star Wars Oh
sorry somebody swimming up behind me
somehow
someone got behind you Oh
maybe jumps maybe jumps
see mister glitch I think like
indifference to the Star Wars prequels
is one thing like if you're indifferent
like that's fine okay you know Stowers
because it doesn't it doesn't affect my
daily life but if you're just like oh
they're good good movies then we're
gonna have an issue if you defend them
that's the problem
Jack do you think your kids will find
the planket reviews before they find the
Star Wars prequels I don't know maybe I
mean I think they won't understand them
right yeah I think you need to see the
movie before you see the reviews rich
there's a question here yeah what was
the last Triple A game you actually
enjoyed grandma yeah this man a year old
I don't I really don't hate them on
principle I'm just they've mostly been
bad lately yeah oh no I know that's
that's why I specifically asked you that
because I'm sure that's what someone was
fishing for yeah yeah
yeah Grand Theft Auto games are fun I
was recently on stream playing the
Batman games the Arkham game Arkham
Asylum that was a really fun game that's
a triple-a game very much enjoyed that
you know I think we've had this
discussion before do any do Nintendo
games count I mean they obviously are
trip like I'm a big don't like Nintendo
I you're not supposed to like contento
or something Nintendo somehow immune
from being a triple-a but no I mean you
know windows for babies and babies and
fanboys like baby fanboys or something
sorry right don't know we did an episode
on Mario Kart and we agreed it was good
maybe not the best Mario Kart but I
really liked it
I've been playing Smash Brothers I
really like smash brothers ah that's a
triple-a game
you know there are Triple A games that
we enjoy these are things uh you know
what I liked the borderline games border
borderland had some really fun gunplay
did you play any the borderline game
yeah when we can't it was fun really fun
worlds and and good a solid shooter the
problem is you're hearing me you're
hearing me unzip my GoPro bag now
because it's time to ingest my GoPro
footage solid shooter and really fun
like I had a lot of fun playing the
borderlands games my problem was it
stops Borderlands really quickly
like 10 15 hours Borderlands just turns
into math the game you know because in
that game you pick up different guns and
every gun has a different ability in
different stats
right and so even though you're like
you're basically doing the same thing
here it's a first-person shooter so
you're just shooting things but the
shooting mechanic never changes but your
guns do and so all you're doing is
looking for that gun that has the one
point better attack or the one point
better reload speed it just turns into a
math game and it turned into a really
fast for me where yeah great story but
the game does the gun hold on for a
second
silky smooth rich thank you for
subscribing silky smooth silky smooth
Erick we really appreciate your
subscription but you know I in general
like I I enjoyed the borderlands games
they just they got old for me because
all I was worried about was that math
like the shooting was really fun but I
just just man that's all I could see I
couldn't see the fun enemies I couldn't
see like the fun world all I was looking
for was that gun with the one point
better stat so in Mass Effect one
there's like hundreds of guns with very
very minor stat differences yep that's
it that's absolutely so then you know
then that's exactly what I mean
obviously different different general
playing mechanics because Mass Effect is
a third-person well I don't even know it
so the parts where you're not speaking
to people exploring the galaxy or your
you're in third person you're shooting
it right people and monsters right right
so no I probably would not much care for
that but I knew that already but ya know
if Borderlands III would in general I
would recommend them just because it's
especially like really early on like for
Borderlands 1 you know you're fighting
those cool guys with the masks huh
very very visual very fond like the
initial gameplay for Borderlands is so
much fun and if you if you like that
kind of shooter you'll have a good time
people people stepping in late
somebody's asking you know why am I not
hearing what the fuck notifications
twitch is apparently having issues yes
you usually do hear them in the end the
chat and live streams but not today for
some reason for some reason we don't
know why because twitch
I'm importing this will be incredibly
fascinating for everyone else but I'm
importing GoPro footage and it broke up
it broke up the discussion into
different chunks for some reason oh come
on not the biggest it feels ended up
with too low accuracy machine guns pick
it up right now I play as anyone in
Super Smash Brothers I enjoy flying I
enjoy playing as different characters
I've been really I've been maining the
villager just because I love growing a
tree chopping it down and using the
chopping down tree as a weapon I think
that's the funnest thing and because it
takes three different stages like you
have to plant a seed then you have to
press another button to water the seed
then you have to press another button to
chop the tree down and that's your
attack and I think that's super fun but
I play as a lot I like a little Mac I
also like just playing as my me I think
that's really neat yeah I like playing
is everybody we still haven't had a Oh
haven't we have we not done a set a
smash dream nope oh man you have not oh
I'm so sorry everybody we will we will I
guess that's gonna be rectified next
week or else I'll forget about it again
that's that's entirely true I'm not even
gonna say possible I'm just gonna say
that's entirely true I'm a forgetful
person Jays man Hall says Jack I'm
thinking of switching from Final Cut Pro
to Adobe Premiere and I'm frightened how
do I make the jump you just do it right
you're frightened you should be knowing
I mean I get it you you get so used to
something that you're afraid here's what
I can tell you about Adobe is one of the
default options is to change
shortcuts to Final Cut Pro shortcuts so
you don't need to worry about
remembering different shortcuts if
you're coming from Final Cut 7 Final Cut
7 is a 32-bit program whereas Adobe
Premiere is a 64-bit program which means
if you have extended Ram it can take
advantage of all of your RAM which means
faster rendering time also you don't
need to worry about rendering the
premier it ingests any video footage you
throw at it and you can preview it
without rendering it rendering it makes
it go a little bit smoother but it's
it's really a joy and especially if you
do things like if you want to mix in
your audio work if you want to mix in
After Effects if you want to mix in
color grading with Adobe link linking an
After Effects scene into your Adobe
project working at it in After Effects
having an automatically updates in
Premiere or watching that update live
then taking it over to color grade speed
grade and color grading it then messing
around with audio if you get the whole
Creative Cloud it's it's a joy I really
can't endorse the Adobe products more
I've one size and it did it was tough to
switch over but literally I just I just
died of in and started editing and it
was a bit of a rough transition but once
I got into it man I loved the flow I
loved the workflow
like right now I'm ingesting all of my
footage using Prelude which takes care
of it for me in one program then I can
take all of those who put all of those
all of that footage move it into
premiere seamlessly go into premiere get
my audio and if I need to make a little
After Effects thing little right-click
make this an After Effects clip to all
my After Effects stuff it automatically
updates in my premiere timeline really
great exporter I don't know how I can
sell this more for you audio cues is
just yes
I'm sorry I'm very sorry I've got to be
careful around this big gun Oh a fleshy
patch yes Adobe Premiere has flash
processing or a blast processing yeah
and I'm seeing someone say that Adobe
works but it's so expensive here's the
thing Adobe Creative Cloud is 50 bucks a
month and you get you get Photoshop you
get After Effects you get Premiere you
get Prelude you get audition which is
their audio editing stuff you get a
media exporter which handles obviously
all of the media exportation you get
everything with Adobe Creative Cloud for
50 bucks a month if you are not earning
50 bucks a month then it is quite
possible that you don't need a
professional editors then you might need
to just look at your own situation but
for 50 bucks a month there's it's it's
100% worth it for me I want to keep my
gun but I know I'm not gonna have much
use for it in the next section there
there is a gun which normally your melee
is in this game it's like you know you
know on a lot of third-person shooters
you can just walk into a crowd of people
and just keep instant killed mailing you
can kind of you can kind of cheese that
a bit you know was the the melees
instant death games they get around in
this game the melee has like a cool-down
use it once and and and all your your
powers are just reset except for the
buzzsaw gun which you can melee as much
as you want and it cuts limbs off mmm
that's awesome yeah
I'm gonna have this game's baby's gonna
have this game babies yeah so that's the
thing the entrances so it's you know
it's 50 bucks a month 600 bucks a year
every year but you automatically have
the latest updates you have all of the
stuff I know a lot of people were
skeptical about they're like monthly
subscription fee instead of like paying
the huge amount of upfront but I don't
know I'm with it they've already they
update all the time and like I said you
need to look at your own workflow where
if you are not earning that much money
then you probably don't need that editor
or if you think you might you can
literally just pay 50 bucks and have all
of these things for one month and just
see if you can make some stuff and if
it's not for you that's it 50 bucks
that's it and you can test everything
out with no limitations to me that's
incredibly worth it I'm sorry for even
jello sizing Adobe yeah it's what you do
it's it's obviously people like talking
about their work and it's what I work
with every day and I
I learned the digital editing on Final
Cut so I was I was a Final Cut fanboy
through and through and as soon as they
made their switchover to Final Cut X I
couldn't take it anymore and and
premiere was where it at okay yeah
I will stop talking about Adobe now you
go right ahead right don't anybody stop
you doing that
okay um right Jack I'll take that check
now Adobe I wish oh man I have a buddy
who talks to Adobe regularly he's a
motion graphics artist I am i received
no money from Adobe but if anyone from
Adobe's listening I'll take money oh my
product has a free month trial so you
can try it for free that's great to know
and I've never I've never worked on an
avid before so I cannot still make Gavin
oh avid systems avid is still a a
professional editing system that many
people really enjoy I have never even
touched an avid machine so I cannot tell
you any thoughts on it I know they're
supposed to be comically expensive yes
comically expensive and but I mean
obviously it's it's what a lot of
professional editors use
so that's it Nina
by the way celebrate that is my motto
i-i'll take money I like free stuff that
is 100% my motto
Jack did you know that the order has
good graphics graphics is that true yeah
best graphics haven't seen their main
kind they really are great that was part
of those maybe to make it more relevant
instead of just talking about the order
I can we can talk about like what I can
I can talk about why I removed that from
the discussion because we did talk about
the graphics which yes the graphics are
great there were a couple things that we
talked about during our discussion of
the order that I didn't keep in the
final edit one was the graphics and two
was the length of the game the light now
is a complete non-issue well end it this
is what rich and I were talking about
today the reason I took them out and I'm
really glad that rich agreed is that
both are non-issues grant the graphics
and the game length doesn't matter if
the game is good there are games that
will supply casts some of my favorite
games are five hours long yeah yeah
could you rich you vanquishes it's not
five hours but it's relatively sure
there's like seven or eight you can
complete the game in you could on one of
my favorite games this looks like a
great game and you can defeat it in the
time it took us thank you the order I
want to say it's not that long yeah Zoe
Enders one end to the Maximo games sure
there's a lot of good games that are
short and replayable because they're fun
have a portal you can you can order
loose
portals are ridiculously comically short
game fantastic I I wouldn't I would not
regret paying $60 for a zone of the
Ender's Game sure you are up so so what
you're saying is like the length of the
game doesn't necessarily make it a good
or a bad game yes okay so so now under
graphics kind of the same thing where
it's like great graphics like a great
looking game is fucking fucker you're
it's an icing on on a good game cake you
know where it's like it's here's a good
game and it also looks great but I'll
you know graphics aren't the most
important thing and so that's why I
decided to take those out of the final
edit because it they're not important
the gameplay and the story are what
matters
and so yeah like someone's I see someone
in the chat saying do you think better
graphics are a valid a selling point no
new consoles no I wouldn't want it to
look like shit but doesn't need to be it
doesn't game doesn't need to be
cutting-edge graphics most real and
anything has ever ever looked and then
whatever yeah gone that's probably the
first question I'm going to ask is it
fun right exactly oh we're like FTL is a
game that theoretically you could beat
FTL in an hour you know I probably
Waller but I have beaten spelunky I've
gotten the achievement I've beaten I've
gone from the beginning to the end of
spelunky in ten minutes in under ten
minutes because that's an achievement
that you can get but these games have
replayability these games maybe have a
multiplayer aspect portal 2 for example
like and most importantly I bet a lot of
these games didn't cost you 60 goddamn
dollars graphics and gameplay lengths
aren't the important things anyone who
like is just making fun of the order for
oh my God look at that guy oh yeah like
a giant circle saw ax that's awesome
everything in this game is awesome
this looks great rich I'm really like I
kind of want play this game this is the
best shooter nobody ever talks about
yeah yeah I'm with it looks great I
think like I might want to get my hands
on a 360 though because I really dislike
the PlayStation I really dislike the
DualShock 4 shooters that's weird to me
because I finally 360 controller awkward
then again I find any controller awkward
for shooters exactly exactly
oxygen oxygen you're right guacamelee
can be done in like 5 hours with for
getting everything yeah yeah yeah yeah
so so these are the things game Lang
like any fucker gaming game length
should be noted only because it has zero
replayability
but again that that's a focus that's
that should be talking about its replay
value like there's no way you can replay
the order and have the same experience
because there's there's no playing
there's no way you can actually this
technically there's no way you could
play it and have a different experience
because everything you do is
pre-programmed on the rails
oh no safety nemesis would you say that
the order is just like a delayed launch
game it's just made to show off the
graphics that's kind of what Yahtzee
said oh and I didn't want you that's not
gonna make it good or bad
right that's completely irrelevant right
because one it's not a watch this is why
you this is why you don't buy launch
titles for one this is why you wait
until the system's been out and the
kinks have been worked out sure but and
also like that is no defense of any game
like what we're playing here is a is a
graphical test and so we shouldn't have
to pay for that and everyone everyone is
now making fun of me because or the the
chat is in heated debate over which is
the best controller to use for a
first-person shooter and you know what
guys it's whatever works for you I
started playing shooters on a 360 pad
that is where I'm comfortable rich likes
a dual shock and that's fine barn on
barn on hands down that's not even
hyperbole the important thing at a
shooter is aiming you can do that
quickly and accurately with a mouse you
can't do that quickly and accurate with
a controller unless there's some auto
aim bullshit going on okay oh no and you
know you're kind of right Horacio
Horacio saying Jack you sort of screwing
up the replayability point it's not
whether the experience is replayable
it's whoa I just got hit by a crashing
spaceship first of all that's awesome
it's whether it's good enough to be
enjoying twice
um I suppose but it's just like you know
it took us a little over eight hours to
defeat the order and if we were to play
it again knowing that literally the
exact same things would happen like why
would in eight hours why would you do
that
I could see watching a movie again like
picking up on a little thing but it
didn't a movies over in two hours this
is a the order is a slog you don't want
to do that again right right
he hit that that guy with a fight the
basically hit his backpack he explodes
that's awesome
I love his weapon design you know what's
fun about this game rich I'm not I'm not
playing it and I I can't hear it because
I haven't muted so I'm here you but I'm
visually engaged in it that's why I
bought the game I saw a video of it
online and I'm like oh I need this I
need this in my life
this is gonna happen
yeah yeah no this looks great
this looks like a fun game to play
extremely extremely oh I love this game
right right I do like I do and I can
tell that you love this game
why is everything in the order so dry
why is it so dry I the only the only
conclusion that we can come to is that
they thought they were doing something
that meant something very seriously they
thought they were creating high art and
they thought they were doing something
that no one else had done before right
why us why else would they be taking
themselves so seriously there is a like
a 13-page thread on a neo gasps mm-hmm
about the order and already one of like
this retarded man it was like a defender
of the order like retard Lee defending
it exactly like a pretty cool fan it was
getting on us for calling them the main
bad guy Dracula these are really Dracula
you never call him Dracula wait a way to
miss the point asshole wait yeah he's
not is not technically called Dracula
but you know what I have no doubt my
mind that the sequel it's gonna be a
reveal that he is a he is a count from
Transylvania no doubt in my mind that
he's going to be revealed as a count
from Transylvania direct powerful
vampire that's the vampire leader of
Dracula the Rising Sun says hey Jack a
few months ago I asked to take good/bad
game exists and you said you weren't
sure would the order or anything else
you played recently qualified the order
definitely not it was a slog yeah like a
good bad game you know like if you look
at a good ball slid over slit I love the
shotgun blind-fire oh shit oh shit
there's a guy on my flank kind of like I
died guy on my flank
I died this this like sliding around and
jumping around all crazy rich I am so
hyped to play this game right now
you can I just want to go you can drive
over here right now no I can take up a
controller I had a beer when I got home
ok ok I can't but I'm I'm just letting
you know that like I'm gonna borrow your
ps3 well now I get the 360 I'll play
this game right now um yeah we could
hook up a splitter cable to hear the
audio but then we would also need like
an RCA to a headphone jack and then rich
would need a separate headphone to hear
me hooking up a sweater cable so that
rich could hear the game live and also
hear me live would require two different
headphones from wretched it's kind of
complicated but uh and in any case a
good bad game like a good bad movie
would be really hard to quantify because
like it would have to be it would have
to be like a broken game and you're
you're enjoying the brokenness of the
game right something something like big
ride to hell retribution or big rig big
rigs off the road racing it's probably
the one that comes to mind the only one
I know of that would qualify yeah where
it's like the game is pretty light and
and you're enjoying the technical
failures of the game but I think that's
also really hard to quantify because of
the time you're putting in where it's
like a movie especially like those cheap
bad movies Jack look at that I just shot
I just shot that big robots leg off
okay you can do that in this game you
can you can you can target body parts
weight and awesome Andy fault he's
fallen see if I get his arm
that's awesome rich
I also just kind of like how you're in
like ocean ocean ocean the big bomb the
big bomb you're in like kungfu stance
while shooting you can shoot the missile
he fires oh okay
I want everything about this game oh
shit he hit me with it
I don't think ps4 has backwards
compatibility you cannot play ps3 games
on a ps4 I don't believe I want to be
able to emulate this just so I can just
so I can preserve it for all time sure
cuz I know I know my ps3 is not gonna
last forever
this game needs to last forever I wonder
if it's like a digital download of it
somewhere with DRM no fuck that I mean
for those of us who are okay with the
iron
that's not a mentorship job typing on
the charging wish Vanquish
yeah I'll mute ps3 and xbox360 mmm this
game would be so great on PC yeah yeah
would be it would be the same said no
backwards pallets compatibility so they
can quote unquote remaster popular games
to squeeze a few more bucks that's true
yeah yeah maybe something someone has
mentioned in goat simulator as a good
bad game where like something like
that's deliberately though right
something like goat simulator or Octodad
or have you seen that new one where it's
like bread simulator yeah the am bread I
am bread and so it's like there are
games like that that are that are 100%
schlock and okay with that and that's a
different thing that's a different thing
than like a game that was trying to be
good and failed utterly and comically
yeah so and I think that's a harder
thing to achieve in games I think I'm
going to use this weapon for a while
I've never played around with this
weapon it's from one of the DLCs okay
it's just it's just a fucking laser fuck
they give you a fucking power laser jack
what counts as a British dark comedy and
I'll tell you oh my god that looks
awesome where you are
that's great
that a different weapons slot don't it's
great
that's great if I don't know if black
mirror would count as a British dark
comedy I know we talked about that on
Jen a little bit ago but I have been
watching some episodes of black mirror
and really enjoying it though not that
first episode if you remember Jay was
recommending black mirror which is a BBC
Twilight Zone ESCA show but the first
episode involves a man fucking a pig and
while I thought it was a really good
episode like incredibly dark really
really well done about really well done
TV show about a man fucking a big Jay
would like that you're right
the my problem with it is like I had I
had heard that this was like this was
like a Twilight Zone but with like
sci-fi elements to it which I was I
don't use sci-fi elements oh sure sure
but yes yes and maybe that's the thing
is like they say it's like The Twilight
Zone and I was like or with technology
elements to it all all episodes have
something to do with technology and
black mirror and I was like oh that's
really great the only problem is like
the big fucking episode it has very
little of that like sci-fi technology
thing it's just like a moral dilemma you
know someone says they're gonna kill
someone unless you fucking pig alive on
TV that's the premise of the first
episode you were playing you were
playing well Jay and I were talking so
you might not remember so so the so a
British Prime Minister gets blackmailed
and they kidnap princess and they say
we're gonna kill the princess unless you
have sex with a pig live on TV and you
have to do these things to prove that
it's live you know that you are actually
having sex to completion you have to
have sex with a pig to completion you
need to finish right uh-huh and so it's
like it's really like it's really good
and like all the acting is really superb
and you know it's it's just a really
well-made little short
about this guy going through a moral
dilemma of like saving someone's life
but he asked a fucker ping does he do it
I don't want to spoil it okay but and so
like it's but it's like it's all more
than women and there's no real sci-fi
elements to it and so I was I was a
little put off just because like it was
so real like the acting was so good but
later the literally the next all
episodes have a significant sci-fi
element to them and I enjoyed those a
lot more we're almost to the point where
it's just like why did you start with
the pigfucker episode you know like it's
so off-putting like big fucking barren
but uh but the overall it's very good
and I really do recommend it I've been
really enjoying watching those episodes
black mirror enjoying it I'm still I'm
still watching Voyager I'm going through
the whole fucking thing I like a lot of
language near the end of season three I
hate I hate that first season mm-hmm
first and second season why was I
watching it I don't know you know
there's there's a lot of bad employer
but I still overall enjoyed it but
there's a lot of bad
I like this ship I like you know what
and I like Janeway I'm putting that out
there
I like Janeway she's she's a screwed up
captain and foot I like her she's she's
no Picard no we're not getting crazy
here but I like it
she's got her own agenda where Chakotay
is never going to hit that is he not
even not even close not even close and
the doctors still the best character on
the show which yes is a little bit sad
was one of my favorite bosses in in
there's just about any shooter actually
others say they're saying that Charlie
Brooker the guy who makes Black Mirror
just really likes messing with people
and so that's why he wanted the
pigfucker episode to be the first
episode so he could be like a show about
pigfuckers I love it you know I gotta
say I really do overall recommend it
it's just like getting past that first
episode it's a little tough
cuz it's real man that BBC I got good
actors they have good talent over there
Harry Kim is my favorite character in
Star Trek set no one
but you could that's good
war Turk says that Chakotay isn't even a
character really more a piece of bridge
scenery that's Harry that's Harry Kim do
that that's a problem with Voyager it's
that's most of the damn characters on
the show yeah oh and my apologies
apparently black Mary is made by channel
4 not BBC I don't know every show that's
from England is BBC to me I'm an
American I don't know these things
thought they were the same thing BBC
channel 4 one to it and they have
multiple channels we have I you this is
the thing people we don't know we're
American yeah no Chakotay
Chakotay was a great promise of a
character was he I think so cuz yeah
right cuz he was like the leader of the
rebels and there's like how are these
two people ever gonna get along I mean
the promise was broken in the first
episode but I think he was a good setup
like he could have been a good foil you
know oh yeah but they didn't use him
that way
no no no but that's how that's how he
was set up right he was the rogue
commander like Starfleet trained but
took his own path right huh and so light
and Janeway were is by the book
Starfleet Command by the book that would
have been a great pairing and so like
imagine if it was like Chakotay who's
all like we have to disrupt the prime
directive to save the crew and Jane was
like we can't do that it's the prime
directive and Checotah it's like we have
to and that was Chakotay instead of
Janeway's like instead of Janeway
disobeying the prime directive all the
time that could have been interesting
Voyager is a series of missed
opportunities I mean great premise so
there's so much that could have done
with that premise yep they chose not to
do it hardly any of it yeah yeah yeah
yeah what are you gonna do nothing you
know what you're gonna do rich you watch
goddamn Firefly watch it do it already
yeah I'll be I'll be intensely happy for
eight episodes and then I'll be very sad
yes
but the happiness outweighs the sadness
that it does I don't know about that
yeah there's not gonna be a satisfying
resolution to any of this I can't I
can't see that as a positive my brain
doesn't work that way like rich do you
have any sort of like guilty pleasures
and sorry when it comes to like games
movies TV shows I do love like I don't
have cable anymore but I loved cooking
shows like like for example like chopped
I will watch every single episode of
chopped ever made if it's on like if I'm
at a hotel and they have cable and I
will go to the Food Network and watch
anything the Food Network produces it's
it's 15 years old now I remember kind of
liking that Invisible Man TV show on the
Sci Fi Channel I think I think that
would count as a guilty pleasure I don't
even know what that is
experimental Glenn putting his head that
could turn him invisible but it was also
making him insane and he he had the
gland put in just to get out of uh three
strikes or out you know life in prison
thing the doctors slowly going insane
and he needs to work for the government
so we can get the injections to keep
them from losing his mind okay a lot of
bad episodes but it's nice premise II
kind of things to it hmm all right
that's good a little a little schlocky
go yeah guarantee stock guaranteed right
yeah yeah it is and that's okay like
yeah that's that's the problem like I I
have a problem with like guilty
pleasures in general or it's like I
don't have any guilty pleasures I just
enjoy things and I'm not ashamed of the
things I enjoy and like I enjoy cooking
shows and that's you know there cooking
shows they're not know if you're not
great I enjoy romantic comedies and I'm
not going to
all that a guilty pleasure it's thinking
it's something I enjoy
I like cheesy action movies like I unyk
ly love face-off I love the rock great
like mostly because those movies are not
ashamed of what they are you know
they're balls out and and they don't
care and I mean they're listen and I
know like they're dumb but they're
they're not trying to be anything else
and I don't I don't necessarily think
that think of that as like a guilty
pleasure just because I know what they
are they know what they are we're just
enjoying each other what what what in
gaming terms constitutes is a guilty
pleasure that's a good question like for
me because like I you know you know we
do the show we do the streams I I do try
to play as many new things as possible
to help with the show and so like for me
the biggest guilty guilty pleasure is
just replaying something I've already
played does that count
nope I think that's guilty like for
example a game you like that like
according to either general consensus or
or reviews you're not you're not
supposed to say sorry say that again
something something that is generally
disliked by people but you like it
anyway that's what a guilty pleasure is
III don't know that's that's how I'm
going to define it right now okay no if
that's the definition let's see here's
something that is panned by other people
but I I'm gonna say by popular consensus
more so than reviews - yep sure sure
okay okay let's see here
I don't know no I mean in gaming I don't
know if there's anything no no I mean
yeah I'm sorry I can't think of anything
like you're like so that would probably
be something like my Call of Duty
wouldn't be like in certain circles that
would be called duty but not yeah yeah
like if you if you liked Call of Duty in
certain circles that would be considered
a guilty pleasure
firepower increased 40% that's what I
like to hear
nice oh sure oh that's a good example
the dynasty warrior games yes there you
go that's it there you go
thank you smelter wedge in all of us yes
the dynasty warrior games like any any
of that kind of brawler beat him up hack
and slash I do enjoy games like that a
lot and I have played a lot of the
dynasty Warriors franchise I guess for
me it's brutal legend okay I kind of
like brutal engine yeah it's a weird
sort of real-time strategy game and I
like it I like style I like the game
sure I like some the writing no I think
that's fine but it's like you know again
guilty pleasures like I'm not guilty
about liking dynasty Warriors I'm very
aware of my lack of dynasty Warriors uh
any sort of that kind of game I saw
someone mentioned like the Tony Hawk
series oh I played a shit out of a lot
of Tony Hawk games and you know they
might not be the greatest gaming
experience for everyone but yeah I like
in them and I'm not going to apologize
for liking them
I got thirst a long time yeah like
dynasty Warriors there's so many things
right does that it just just mow and
down dudes it does a lot of things wrong
- like it's incredibly repetitive it's I
mean I think they're on dynasty Warriors
16 right now well they're not true
they're not trying you know yeah they're
not trying anymore but it's it's still
low satisfying gaming experience
dynasty Warriors is odd it's everyone's
guilty pleasure well good oh yeah made
that shot
and no I have not played Hyrule warriors
because I mean I knew I know what its
gonna be and I don't have time I didn't
know oh yeah oh it's out its out its
it's exactly it's a Dynasty Warriors
game with with the Zelda skins you know
this game is not meant for snipers game
shotguns and mini guns yeah yeah come on
do you have to use this neighbor rifle
no where's one place where you do it's
almost like a puzzle
kind of section ah okay you have to
shoot out the lights rich they're saying
there's definitely not enough dick
punching in this game I haven't been
using the melees much but how do you
dick punch a robot I guess there can't
be dick punching in this game do they
have some sort of like ventilation
shafts wouldn't that count is there more
like like a but a ventilation shaft do
they have some sort of fluid release
system perhaps with bed the sums are
disgusting the way you say that so I've
got a fluid release system hey hey hey
there baby
I would like to observe your fluid
release system look
it's what you're saying - babe I know
how oh ma fucker what happened I just
got like shot immediately the actor Rex
egg tonight how many people when the
chair got that reference I think
everybody I guess yeah we set it on the
chat before yeah we've talked about that
that commercial in the chat before and
you know so I think everyone in the chat
got it I wonder just in general for
general viewership how many of them got
it are there like why are they doing
funny voices

[Part IV]
that's what we're talking about oh I did
I did see that in the chat I'm seeing
how the stuff is saying that they are
starting up a a movie night Tuesday
nights here in chats where yeah they're
gonna come to the chat room Tuesday
nights and watch you know try to all
watch the same movie together not live
on stream because that would be illegal
but you know you watch it on your own
and chat about it here in Canada which
would be nice
what have you what have you fully owned
the rights to something can you still
not stream a video on Twitch if you own
the rights to it you can okay yeah
unless they have some kind of weird
Terms of Service is the game streaming
service only I don't know I want to sit
you know I I don't know twitch is known
for gaming thing but of you know they
have like they have talked shows you
know they have people who just get on
and talk yeah about things that it's not
purely gameplay footage it's all gaming
related but I could I would only assume
that if you owned the rights to
something they wouldn't object to you
streaming it alright I did I did see I
did see in the chat and on uh on the our
alum subreddit that they are starting
them to the movie chat and I think
that's a neat idea
yeah more power to use yeah but like
I've seen people on Twitch do stuff like
like corridor digital who's a a YouTube
YouTube content producers I've seen them
do stuff like After Effects work on
Twitch I guess they don't anymore so
maybe they got shut down but I think
would be cool like I I would love to
like chat with someone while they're
doing like Photoshop or After Effects we
totally just love done that just to chat
with them on a professional Oh what are
you doing here like almost like an
interactive tutorial I think that would
be really nice he's gonna drop two huge
fuckers on my shepherd no that's not
good
go suck my shotgun you you dine out you
know he died my organ
you shreem is for everything else you
know I'll get it I'll talk to twitch and
I'll be like listen listen this is what
we're doing what what parts of the order
stream got muted I don't know uh
everything we plug we didn't play extra
music everything in that stream was from
the damn game sure but they were
shutting down the stuff from the game
some of it to God when I when I exported
clips to YouTube some of it you know was
was like third-party copyright notice
and I had to have YouTube scrub it or
something that's just how it works
Oh digital rights management rich it
it's how it happens
oh I'm so sorry JP versus the world this
is the old Zelda commercial led me to be
Robin and Zelda Williams spot feels it's
true you should be sad about that you
should you should remember the good
times let him live on in your memory
don't don't think about him hanging in
his closet well do you don't you don't
need to mention what but he didn't need
to Pinterest it mention what good yeah
let's get back to game rich are you
playing inverted yes which is throwing
me off sometimes cuz I'm like what I'm
like in blind-fire mode III my brain
wants to invert still but when I'm it's
strange when you're playing with a mouse
you you play now non agree yes not that
I've played many shooters since then cuz
you know where we had to play the order
and then I was playing hands of fade and
I've been still been playing necrodancer
a lot yeah yeah I've seen the chat rich
you know who angry Joe is right yeah
okay I do I don't know who angry Joe is
but rich does he was talking about him
earlier today
who's angry Joe someone had asked me if
we like Angry Joe uh he just his guy
online does does YouTube video game
reviews no okay
he'd to hit a bit with the order with
the picking things up and looking at it
yeah thing were you know he just had a
camera of his hand picking up an
old-timey photo and then he turns it
around and there's like a like a drawing
of a dick or something on the other side
which is funny if you understand in the
order that he's constantly picking up
random things and looking at them and
putting them back down we were and we
were thinking about doing that for the
for the match has been oh yeah we're
rich as the match in his hand and the
chef's shakes it around but I cut the
whole picking things up from the episode
so I we didn't use it the end but but
you like him he's a good reviewer
I've said a few things you've done other
I think it's okay I'm not super familiar
with him like my go-to review guys
usually it was usually Yahtzee yeah yeah
though I I think like deliberately since
we started doing this i've stopped
watching reviews like I used to watch
totalbiscuit a lot mmm but I I've been
avoiding it since we doing this because
I don't want to here are some first
impressions that I get on a game where
we might review sure yeah I know I've
stopped like escapist in general I
stopped going to mostly because they uh
I really like movie Baba he's like he's
a very good film critic and in general
nerd culture guy yes and he no longer
post videos there so I just I just
haven't been to the site to watch any
Yahtzee videos but of corn every one
likes yeah I've never I don't know if
I've seen any totalbiscuit stuff I think
like you played a total biscuit for me a
video for me once when we were deciding
what game to play but I don't think I've
ever seen any total biscuits though but
but I mean everybody likes yeah I missed
it ah fuck you guys know like movie Bob
I like move about I think it's great I'm
John shit yes mr. one sniper rifle shot
number yes oh I'm sorry
fucked I'm sorry escape escape is does
suck now like they were they were really
rocking there for a while a lot of good
shows and and now it's now it's
basically the Yahtzee show which I mean
I guess it's fine cuz yeah everybody
like see on see but they got rid of a
lot of content producers that I really
liked and so I just don't go there much
anymore I really liked I liked I liked
his movie reviews to escape to movies
but I really like he had this show that
was just like I want to talk about
something for five minutes it called um
I'm gonna forget what it's called now
yeah yeah the big picture that's what it
was called yeah the big picture was just
like he would make a video every week
and he's just like I want to talk about
how weird Wonder Woman is you know she
is weird she is weird right and so is
just like a video I'm like here's the
history of Wonder Woman isn't that weird
and so like really great show the big
picture of you created by the guy who
invented the lie detector yeah now so
also she's thinly disguised bondage
fetish a weakness is being tied up by a
man yes good that great yeah like I
really enjoyed his big picture show a
lot and was sad to see it go so
hopefully he continues to make stuff
like that but and yeah you know what I
also agree like Yahtzee his shtick is
kind of getting old like he's been
around me he's just he's been doing it
for so long
yeah I still enjoy hearing the things he
has to say but we're getting to that
point where he's just like repeating
himself a lot hopefully he he finds a
new new stuff
I might so listen to him anyway because
his tastes seem to parallel mine a lot
he's he's big the fan I discovered No
More Heroes because I am mm-hmm so I
will continue to listen to Yahtzee every
now and then oh sure I'm sure
I realize now enjoy dancing but he's an
asshole and so shit he might die I don't
care what movie Bob does outside of his
shows I'm just talking about the things
he makes I enjoy the things he makes if
you don't like him on social media then
don't follow him on social media that's
kind of how social media works you get
to choose who you follow them or not and
listen to it's great that's really great
but it's weird I know it's weird it's
sometimes it's hard to make sure are you
are you jet running on a train right now
or five minutes ago that's that's a
button from sequence come on I don't
know I don't know yeah that doesn't
count right
so yeah you can you can you can borrow
my PlayStation 3 to play this I know
you're talking about getting finding it
on the Xbox but do you still have an
xbox
I thought you got rid of all your old
game stuff I don't remember if I got rid
of my 360 or if I just put it in the
basement I'll have to double check
that's an important way I mean I got rid
of it just cuz like I moved it from I
removed it from my living room just cuz
I wasn't playing it anymore
don't play that if you want to borrow my
360 so that you can buy a copy of
vanquish on it I can do that too
you still a 360 I still have a three
sister I'm a packrat when it comes to
Constable's like I still got the old
Nintendo I still got mine s about my
Super Nintendo I think that's great
I've got a Sega Saturn somewhere I think
now that's great we can play the scud
game then oh yeah it's also shows I've
talked about both of you guys whose
books I've read both of you got six
books jam and move world and I really
enjoy jam muga roll was a little rough
but I really enjoyed jam I really
dislike to be ending it kind of fizzled
near the end but overall I really
enjoyed jam I know I've never seen this
transparency effect before what is
what's happening with it hi I'm panning
the camera down below the lip of the
ship uh-huh and the ship goes
translucent so you can see the main
character still well it's not seen games
do that a lot but I've never seen that
in this game before new to me yeah yeah
I know that's my thing with the ps3 is
like both is like both of the sticks I'm
used to a 360 controller so my thumbs
face up when I hold the controller but
on a Dual Shock my thumbs would be like
facing each other and that's weird
for me so I don't I have I prefer the
360
but did you know to each their own
or not we're not here to we're not here
to judge oh we are here to do it we just
don't how about that it's a review show
we're specifically here to judge
I don't know I don't know anything about
GTA 5 online
I have no no interest miss well mr. cool
man is making an r LM crew in GTA 5 ah
ah and but I but he's giving me like
numbers and those mean nothing to me so
I I can't help you
I they those numbers mean nothing to be
a G I don't I don't know I don't know I
just want to let him know cuz I saw him
spam butternuts famine he said it a
couple times and but I I just don't
understand anything about you do what
you will that's all I have to say I'm
very much a single-player gamer but you
know this right Ryan I do know this red
letter media is our hacked frauds it's
really true
I played red red redemption online a few
times I kind of hated it stick sick of
the single-player I don't need a bunch
of assholes running around give me a
hard time
oh yeah that's right rich did you see
the new prereq animated oh yeah that was
great shit
that was great oh man I was I was so
excited to see that he was emailing me
unlike a couple days beforehand like
looking for some thumbnail suggestions I
was really excited to I mean it's great
he's easily I really enjoyed the
animation style and he chooses really
fun sections the co-op section to me
though was the best you know no you know
what he needs to animate the the end of
are the order stream I just grabbed that
box that we keep the keyboard in and I
just started beating the table with it
sure that animated would be great listen
he did we have no control over that he
does what he does
oh yeah yeah it's not an employee right
there's art we don't pay for that shit
there's a fan word it's a great fan work
yes it's really great and prop Stuart no
I don't know who the nostalgia chick is
but I'm assuming she's somehow related
to the what's-his-name that installed
nostalgia critic right I have no idea
she part of that channel that guy with
the glasses thing or that is that what
that is
they say her sounds Jack I think you
would like the nostalgia chick her style
is kind of like Harlem and she enjoys
Harlem I think that's great I think
we've talked about this a couple times
we've them like we don't watch many
other review shows because we you know
we make review shows and so it's like we
don't we don't actually watch a lot of
other stuff like one because we're busy
making and two because like you know
mostly because I guess we're just busy
like what but I'm sure I noticed no
disrespect no disrespect to anyone
except for the people that made the
order 1886 all disrespect to them with
that unresolved ending so we can see the
sequel shit I I just hated the game
before that but after that I lost
respect for everyone involved with that
game disgusting disgusting
only selling point to that game this
story the story was bad and they're not
gonna end it so we don't even get to see
the end of the story it fuck fuck off
fuck you take that shit shove it up your
ass violently and and listen guys we're
not here to like debate the good or bad
of other review shows like nostalgia
critic movie Bob if you like to me like
I'm if you don't you don't we don't have
to I see like a lot of people been like
don't how dare you compare nostalgia
critic to hopefully we're all adults or
else we've been cussing a lot do your
parents know you're watching this if
you're not if you're not an adult and
you hear swearing a big fucking deal
you're going to swear in your life it's
gonna happen
I'm just saying unless unless you're
some kind of weirdo
becomes a Mormon I'm just I'm just
saying like my sister I'm referencing my
sister again I just think I just think
if you're not in a dump if you are a
child your parents should be somehow
involved in your life
oh I love this shotgun don't be a dick
that's right John Jackman it's John v8
when it just don't be big that's what
we're here for
you can like anything you want to like
that's okay unless it's the order 1886
you're not allowed to like I suppose you
can like that and then we just don't
have to listen to you which is the great
thing I like that I don't unseated ult's
in like eight quotation marks we're all
adults here this is this is my favorite
shotgun in gaming jac that that
knock-back just just the knock back
alone it makes it very effective just
blind firing like you're fleeing you can
just pull the trigger on that and I love
the shotgun so much do you like like I
like it in a game when a gun feels like
a gun you know like yeah yeah when you
when you shoot the smaller enemies and
they go flying backwards that's great
that's just great what it that's right
that's right shotgun specialist remember
the one they were yelling constantly
where did they find all the suicidal
shotgun rebels I mean a lot of people a
lot of people want to do in the
rebellion did not value their own lives
and see I agree mr. cool man do the
absolute worst reviewers are those hack
assholes over at red letter media those
guys don't know what they're talking
about dicks bunch dicks I went to the
range I went to the gun range a couple
months ago with my dad I don't like it's
not a regular thing was he trying to put
you down
no mom son let's go to the gun range
luckily I was pretty quick on the feet
don't wear white no like I don't go like
I enjoy it I think it's really fun I'm
trying to talk Richenda going but I'm
not responsible enough to handle a gun
I'm too clumsy it can only end in tears
I'm gonna turn around I'm not gonna be
thinking and like the instructors head
is gonna go flying off and it's gonna be
my fault and it's gonna be terrible
yeah I'm not I'm not going to the gun
range oh no oh and by the way I want to
make this play because I see someone
making a joke that I am a shill for the
NRA I am I am Pro responsible gun usage
I am anti NRA they are in the NRA is
nothing but but I what do you call those
people that like try to sell stuff to
congressmen lobbyists lobbyists yeah the
NRA is nothing but a terrible lobbying
organization they don't care about
individual gun rights or
responsibilities as someone who is in
general like pro-gun but being a
responsible gun owner I don't give a
shit about the NRA so
sorry get a little pillow nuts for a
second but I thought Jeff wanted to be
very clear about that gun safety is very
important and I don't think I don't
think they have the best interests of
their members at the forefront they they
have the best interest of Congress in
front of them but in any case advocacy
group it's going but um
yes the NRA is a gun manufacturer
lobbyists that's exactly what they are
they don't care about you
I believe in responsible gun ownership
but uh no they don't care but anyway I
think you know
we could be cool about gun safety and
that's why I went with my dad he's a gun
owner and he goes every once in a while
to practice and clean out his guns yeah
because he's a responsible gun owner in
any case
I got weird that got it that felt weird
that's okay you're allowed to get weird
every now and then Jack yeah you're a
lot I get weird that just felt like I
felt that field darn that felt real you
know just talking about guns it's wrong
with that nothing
I'm not progra done because I grew up on
a violent program because I it's what
feels right to me I'm Pro responsible of
gun home you're you're afraid the King
of England was gonna walk into your room
and start telling you that you need to
pay taxes on that that T you're drinking
uh that thought terrifies you 100% pound
represent no I just you know it's it's
one of those things where it's like
obviously the Second Amendment doesn't
mean what it used to mean right because
that's what it used to mean people were
literally afraid of the King of England
connected to their house but but uh you
know what I said I believe in personal
responsibility that's the only finesse
that's pretty sweet attack what are you
doing I know he like this giant robot
lunged at me this
Tim's ten ten story tall robot lunging
at me oh I'm watching it now
Thanks nice
oh yeah and people are talking about it
like have you ever even thanked
attention to any of the GBC hardware
announcements okay
I have been Balak awesome something you
won't be interested in but you might
find amusing is Sony announced a major
innovation with a PlayStation hardware
update her software update ok so ok
ready for this major innovation in Sony
Playstation stop is it horribly
intrusive DRM nope no rope no that's
good I mean it's an innovation wrench
that's what they would stay with so
matís innovation are you ready for this
yeah you will with the next Sony
Playstation patch you will have the
ability to configure keys and you can
you add a fucking Mouse that's all I
want to do with a fucking game probably
not yeah and fuck them you'll be able to
swap the keys individually no matter
what the game says you will be able to
trade keys you'll be able to customize
your key layout for your controller
which you know that's me call me when I
can use a mouse also the big big
announcements is valve has officially
announced the release of steam machines
later this year steam machines will
happen this year with the weird vowel
touch pad controller
good vision I want so badly to get my
hands on that controller I don't think
that if the steam machine allows more
games to come out in PC just because you
know it's easy it's convenient to do
well we're already releasing it on the
steam then I'm fine with the steamship
she done is he doing I'm wondering he's
doing like a fancy death animation oh
sure sure
you know the the only weird thing is
like steam all my bullets oh that's why
you stopped shooting I'm out of ammo
I've been shooting this guy so much I
can't shoot him anymore
the only thing is like the steam
machines you know we'll be running the
the steam OS which is Linux and so like
there are some games that won't run on
Linux and that's that's gonna be the
hardest that's gonna be the biggest
hurdle I think but anyone who's
developing like the switch over from a
windows unit to Linux is fairly simple
in any case I'm excited to get my hands
on the on the steam controller the
touchpad controller looks interesting I
I don't know if it'll work it just cuz I
have not had my hands on it but I'm
excited I will be getting one of those
controllers just to see how it works you
know oh we should do an episode on the
controller
yeah that'd be great actually wouldn't
it be that'd be fun this is just
expensive what business expense yeah
yeah yeah it's true and valve announced
in collaboration with HTC their own
virtual reality headset okay so and I
don't give it I don't give a shit either
yeah everyone's all over this oculus
rift there yeah whatever yeah I don't I
I mean I already have glasses all the
time I don't want to put more things on
my face the touchpad was very low
someone that has had hands on it they
said the touchpad it was very weird
difficult to use well you know sometimes
new things take a while to get used to
but it still might be effective yeah the
thing birds like first time first time I
use the mouse for a shooter horribly
weird but I
I could intellectually I could see the
benefits so I stuck with it and within
hours was only hours I was like oh this
is great
right and so then the question is like
with the controller will the learning
curve be worth it and also will will the
touchpad give us more options as gamers
and I think it will I think with touch
pads we're gonna have greater options
for controls where people are gonna
think of control schemes that you
couldn't do with just joy pads and keys
and I like that either they're pushing
forward even with VR like they're
pushing forward it's not something I'm
terribly interested in but they're
trying and I
think we should applaud them trying they
might fail failure is always an option
so failure is the most likely option see
that's a more negative way to say it but
it's true
Oh what the fucks are back oh yeah I see
it Oh a ruse a ruse thank you for
subscribing two months in a row now I'd
say it's in a chat as well so their lack
of what the fucks for a bruise oh it's
yeah oh it was a ruse they're back Hey
apparently they they unplugged and
replugged in the twitch servers that's
great I don't wonder what see like valve
did make games but valve has made
something far far more important as far
as I'm concerned there's another what
the fuck check there's another one scoot
to may halt a scoot may halt thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it five months in a row the valve is
valve has moved on possibly or more
there they have they have half like
half-life 3 just done and are waiting
they are there waiting for the steam
machine they may great it's quite
possible and by the way I want to say I
fucking call that like everyone called
that where am I gonna go are they gonna
go straight to half my figure they
actually you think they're ever actually
going to release episode 3 well this
will be episode episode 3 will be like
the fall again yep and it will be a
Linux game that runs perfectly on their
steam machine it's good so yeah that's
that's exactly what they've been waiting
for but no valve is as they've been
they've been you know at the forefront
of digital games you know they've made
an entire platform
they're making their own operating
system that runs games they're making
machines there I think they're doing
fine I'm not worried about valve they're
fine I'm trying to line up his the the
models face with the with the the
chatbox head I think I got a pretty well
lined up I see it I see that oh wait I
think rich yep
I think button prompts are equivalent to
modern music auto-tune and the TV and
movies shaky-cam
comment you might you might hear our
auto-tune thing for the first time I
think oh that sounds kind of neat but
the the order esque button from sequence
cutscene that's never been interesting
that's never been fun and I think you
have to be an idiot to think that that's
a game play okay hold on for a second
Vince seven six eight nine zero thank
you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it I agree
people can use shaky-cam
effectively people can use autotune to
enhance or make a song a certain style
and I don't think that button prompts
will ever get that across there are
there are times where it will be
tolerable button prompts but I don't
think it's never acceptable
my boy gotcha gotcha motherfucker die
motherfucker die no oh boy beat says
let's get back to your insane
perspective that VR won't be amazeballs
well I'm like boy beats one you just
said amazeballs so we don't have to
listen to you anymore that's a rule I
want to say that I'm fine with
amazeballs
I've known good I've known good people
who've said amazeballs okay all right
that's fine ah I just I think it's a
little played out I think it's left laid
out already
what do you know jack I don't know
anything well no merits I don't know
anything are you in a giant robot now
are you in a machine gun shooting mech
uh more like a cannon shooting Mac
that's not Manish you're in a cannon
shooting 8080 at the moment hey that's
great I'm not Sam that VR won't be great
I'm just saying I'm not interested at
the moment
let let VR surprise me it'll be great
I'm sure or won't I don't I just don't
care I cannot care about VR right now I
don't see the games I don't see I don't
see the immersion yet but it could be
that and that's the real thing like cmk
cmk wine CMYK gesture says I don't say I
don't think VR will catch on no one
wants to wear heavy bullshit on their
head I think that right right this is
the biggest problem we need to overcome
is like you're you're wearing shit on
your head and that's that's gonna cause
fatigue and eventually we might get over
this problem but it's not gonna be this
generation I don't think wait till it
gets a little bit lighter wait until
like it's something maybe a bigger
screen I can track your head movement
it's gonna be something it's not gonna
be this I don't think I might be wrong I
don't know it's just it's just not
anything I'm interested be like I said
because and it here's why I have glasses
and this whole like new wave of 3d like
putting 3d glasses over my glasses is so
fucked up I hate it so that's all that
it's that's all that virtual reality is
gonna be for me is having to wear
something over my glasses and it's gonna
pinch my head and it's gonna hurt
because I have to wear them all with my
glasses and they're not meant for people
who wear glasses so it's just not of
anything
in that's interesting to me
oh I'm playing again do we have another
oh I think subscriptions are down again
row wall row wall thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated
working for a minute it was working for
exactly one minute that's all you're
gonna ask all you're gonna ask for yeah
that's true
I think someone's chat is asking if I
like jontron rich have you seen any Joan
front of it was
what's a jontron he's a YouTube creator
oh no I mean I'm not familiar with
he makes YouTube videos about video
games yeah I don't I think he's funny he
doesn't he doesn't uh I'll put that
often but in general I think he's funny
I watched I subscribed to his channel on
YouTube and enjoy it whenever he comes
out with something some of those
episodes are better than others he's
like he's not much you know a favor he's
good though I enjoy him I like I like
his style I like he does he does funny
voices in his videos too because he's uh
he just gets exacerbated and I know okay
okay
and he says stuff he says stuff that I
enjoy listening to I haven't I haven't
used the EBUS so much good shot
oh is that sekai he's not dead oh wow
that was dumb that was just dumb there's
no excuse for that
yes EJ they're saying like jontron is
funny but not a cool person I don't know
that I I am judging like everyone else
we've talked about tonight like I I can
only judge someone by the content that
they put out I don't I don't know him
personally I cannot say
if there was a controversy about him I
don't know of it I've scribe to his
YouTube channel that is my extent that
is my extensive knowledge of Chandra
he's a guy he's a guy whose videos I've
seen if he has covered the controversy
in his videos then I know about it but I
don't so that's it that's it and fnatic
haven't heard of either of those people
I'm sorry yeah so does it launch yeah
should good or is it a dick shaped
launcher of something else
obviously I meant disk but I'm rich
Evans I think that should be a gun in a
game like it the dick like a dildo gun
like you just shoot big floppy dildos at
things I would kind of love that oh we
missed we missed a Sun no the subs
aren't showing up again Elvis enigma
enigma'
abou thank you for subscribing we really
do appreciate it and I apologize for the
subs not working today but in any case
we appreciate it
these things happen they do a dick
punching launcher so okay it's a it's a
big floppy dildo gun that shoots big
floppy dildos and you have and now it
worked you have to hit people in the
dick with the dildos this is the game
we're gonna make it worked what works
oh hey Bono Doug thank you for
subscribing past six months we really
appreciate it
I think that bond and gun on human guard
on bong bong God the God bunga bunga
bunga bunga bunga
okay well listen rich help me make this
gun now yeah so it shoots big floppy
dildos and the point of the game is to
hit as many people in the dick as you
can in the dick with the dick gun yes no
you have to hit them in an orifice
it's an impalement it's an amazing
weapon so yeah it shoots the dick out
with such force that you get impaled by
it and then it's like a little motor in
the dick where like shakes back and
forth okay
after you're impaled Oh what if that's
like secondary fire secondary fire is
like making the the like a little rocket
come out of the back of the dick and so
you have to hit people with the dick and
then time the secondary fire to launch
the rocket
so the dick sticks in the people why are
we talking about this it was wrong with
us it seemed funny
I enjoy it like the visual of a giant
floppy dildo flying through the air is
an image that you enjoy that's an image
that I find amusing and so I see I see
did your wife know of all this do you
both enjoy watching these things
together you want to you want some real
talk just as we were making this this
like a dick gun rocket coming out of Vic
stuff she stuck her head in my office
she shook her head because that that
happened to be the part where she was
walking by and heard me talk about a
dildo god no I'm gonna be okay with that
of course that's right doctor vector
because we're all adults in here
right what are some other YouTube
craters you creators you enjoy like rich
who do you subscribe to on YouTube
checker cycle the checkers guy numbers
file never file yeah do you also do
scishow GC cgp grant no okay I really
enjoy his stuff I really enjoy his stuff
I enjoy the healthcare triage familiar
with them oh it's just guys just a
doctor and he like talks about latest
medical news and stuff that's good
healthcare triage I enjoy he's just like
he's just the guy who talks about like
the latest in medical news as I'm I
think it's just because I'm getting
older now it's like I'm interested in
medical right no I really like
healthcare triage that's a fun show I
John try and I subscribe to as we talked
about earlier star underscore who's a
guy that does gameplay videos and tf2
videos I enjoy him I think we talked
about this Germa nine eight five I want
to say his name is he's also like a tf2
streamer and a not a streamer a tf2
player and he does other game type stuff
on his channel he's who I found hand of
fate through he did uh okay okay he did
the video on hand of fate and and that
convinced me to buy it and I really
enjoy it so I really doing Gemma's
videos yes Jack absolutely confirmed for
CGP grey pen I wore his shirt on an
episode of best oh you fucker oh two
soldiers got my way yeah
two soldiers two of my tattoo of the
Allies friendly friendly fire friendly
oh no shit shit I do not care for puny
penny I don't get it I don't give beauty
prize thing I'm too old apparently I've
heard that I've heard one who got him so
big was multiple countries like Swedish
started Sweden had following there and
then ended up on us YouTube and yep it's
no bald
it's no but why and viewers led to more
viewers and because he could put out
daily video yeah actually that brings up
a good point a game theorist I subscribe
to game theory
I really enjoyed that show matpat I
don't subscribe to that I probably
should I like game theory oh man they
have some grated they just did a really
great one on on like the real a great
like breakdown of what's really going on
in the Mushroom Kingdom it's a fun stuff
game theorist I really he confirmed my
theory about Rosalina and and Super
Mario Galaxy yes yeah yeah he did that
one that was a good one
I've been saying that about Rosaline for
years he confirmed everything yeah that
was a really good no they just they make
good stuff alright game theory so you
should subscribe to that they're great
yeah I should but I don't
so I know I have a lot of weird I have a
lot of people I subscribed to that don't
make videos that often and so all of a
sudden like a video will pop up in my
subscription feed and I'm like who the
fuck is this I've kind of avoided
talking about the atheism things I don't
want to offend the religious viewers but
like the Bible were loaded something I
might listen to every now and then I
don't sure that's fine
listen richly its the armored skeptic oh
I don't even know what that is he's
fairly new it's another atheism kind of
thing oh okay okay
like I subscribed to bellacor seed farms
the guy who did did you ever watch
Freeman's mind
no some guy this was before Let's Plays
were a thing he started playing
half-life episode 1 but he gave Gordon
Freeman an inner monologue
ok and it was and it is literally he
plays through the entire game in like 10
minutes
uh-huh and just like but Gordon Freeman
is like flipping out over everything it
sounds amazing
it's amazing the entire thing is so
great and like he this was like back in
the Machinima days and like he a bunch
of his videos got like embroiled in like
copyright issues because of machinima
but no fre freeman's mind if anyone just
wants to have a really good laugh and
also watch a playthrough of the
half-life 1 of half-life 1 it's super
great super great Ackerson farms is his
website and YouTube channel
Ross Ross is his name that's right
man super funny stuff super funny stuff
no I'm not dead I'm obviously talking to
that robot next come on Jack get on the
truck
oh rich at PAX this weekend there was a
booth of religious gamers and how to
integrate gaming into your faith to get
closer with Jesus and stuff that sounds
very useful to me he said everyone was
passing by them and kind of fell to him
did they kind of felt bad for that's
fine listen do what you do what you do
oh yeah mr. question yeah I like
egoraptor stuff I like his animations
and I like I like his sequences yeah
that's good stuff I started watching oh
yeah him and jontron do game grumps and
I started watching that but it got too
it got too much for me they stay when
they started putting out content like
every single day with game grumps I
couldn't watch it anymore but I'm sure
they're still doing that and it's great
but just a little too much for my
subscription fee but I still enjoy his
like his animation kind of content but I
wish them the best with the bear
grumping I used to subscribe to them but
I don't anymore one channel junk ball
media they're nice retrospective on all
of the the Star Trek ship models like
like the physical models how they were
built what happened to them mm-hmm I
thought that was an interesting series
of videos oh cool
talking about start YouTube stuff
oh yeah that's gone they kind of just
like do they like go like deck-by-deck
or how do they who built it you know I'm
dodging bullets and whatnot okay how the
how the models changed over the years
like what what details they added like
like the original I guess the
enterprise-d model was was too big to
make an awkward to work with so they
built a smaller one just just stuff
mother actual models rather than the
ship the fictional ship design stuff you
know the nacelles support a warp speed
of nothing like that it's just be more
real real side of oh that's the thing
built oh and I'm just catching up with
you Chad is John no longer doing game
grumps on I'm reading your chat now they
had a photo oh okay um oh I see that
about how that tells me how long ago I
unsubscribe to hearing groom side I'm I
guess I wish whoever is doing the show
now the best of what I don't know what's
the middle of this oh I don't know
they're the they're two YouTube creators
who are making me like I have never seen
game grumps so they these are two
separate YouTube creators who I enjoyed
individually separately and they started
a let's play channel okay so they
started separate than they had a joint
thing then they had a joint thing and I
subscribed to the let's play channel for
a while but then you know like they
started uploading like twice a day or
three times a day or so it was it was it
just got a little too much for me so I
hadn't subscribed to it and it's not a
big deal but apparently there was some
sort of falling out I'm just reading the
chat I know nothing about yeah but
apparently one of them no longer does it
okay but the other one does with someone
else them that's great or not I don't
know maybe it's a better show
maybe it's a better film I don't know
Danny
lots of people that would like to see me
get rid of you Jack that's I mean listen
it's not a sorry
I'm gonna you know what rich even if you
try I'm gonna fucking Klingon check
you're my friend do you do your master
it's you never gonna happen
you fucking truck I didn't I didn't hold
auditions yesterday that's not where I
was yesterday what are you talking about
I know it's not what's not where I was
it's not at did Napa oh are you guys
being serious with the name a new person
came on the show named Danny sex bang
people have weird handles that should be
is gimmick sure I suppose that man it's
that sounded like almost a real name
that's fine that's fine everything's
fine
I wish ago director would make a new
episode of sequel itis - but you know
why don't do what he does
we can't force it he does what he dudes
he does what he do is you can't force it
if you force it it's gonna end up subpar
let him work it out how about that how
about that three deaths that's that's
obnoxious then just sex party why does
that sound familiar do you know a ninja
sex party no I know that name how do I
know that name
how long I have to wait rich I have to
use my brain now no oh shit okay
suicidal robot just ran into me wait is
ninja his ninja sex party like the
comedy group
I saw ninja sex party videos when I was
reviewing videos for Funny or Die is he
four is he part of the I guess that
would make sense so he's a comedian tell
me if this is right makes nerdy yes they
made songs they made like weird they
made before they made comedy songs yes
yeah okay oh great okay oh oh I do I do
know who he is then I've seen I've seen
his videos
oh fuck off oh okay there comedy
musicians yes I do I have seen i when i
was when i was screening videos for
Funny or Die I saw I saw his videos yes
okay
I'd so I know who this this sex banger
is I'm hip with the kids right right I'm
down with the lingo y'all y'all y'all
yos makyo Issel mcfizzles
yeah kids like the hips and the hops
right wordham up high like word him up
that's a good one oh I'm trying to
pretend I'm an insider yeah I'm out

[Part V]
yeah kids like the hips and the hops
right wordham up III like Wernham up
that's a good one oh I'm trying to
pretend I'm an insider yeah I'm
absolutely and I said no I used to I
think about talk about design I used to
work before funnier died as a daily
video screen around watch every video
uploaded every day to try to find funny
user-generated content and I remember
seeing ninja sex party videos so I this
this is the thing I know I know on this
thing say goodbye to your legs kids do
like rap music I've heard that about
kids
both sigh guns are the coolest thing
watching he's missing a leg in her arm
that's great this gun does this gun
seems both wonderful and very
impractical like where does your ammo
come from future I want that other arm
no well let me take the other arm oh no
what if fuckin I'm just gonna shotgun
you to death
hmm so you get for not letting me cut
your arm off Jack Benny yes that's
exactly what drove me mad I've watched
and I would watch incredibly terrible
comedy videos all day long hundreds I
would watch hundreds of comedy videos
every single day to try to find quality
user-generated content and sometimes
they were good days and sometimes they
were bad days it was it was it was
interesting work I'll tell you that
Funny or Die has since gone oceans in
the direction you know this guy does
kind of look like chappy who the main
character if he had ears you know if he
had like the bunny ears he'd be had the
little champion he looks a little robot
it's like it's a guy in a robot's yeah
yeah yeah
I like this guy's design yeah I mean I
like robots in general I like that this
game has you haven't seen the one I'm
sorry but yeah oh you just saw it you
just saw the robot in the dick and I
like that oh oh oh like a scorpion robot
alright then he stands up but he uses
this like tail thing like a lance done
Lance one nice I like robots we need
more robots in games no we have to fight
generic dudes and green uniforms but
nothing out machine guns that's the
future that's the future just shade
fighting generic dudes with machine guns
no no this is what we need you need to
destroy robots piece by piece this game
had it right he does have bunny ears
champions bunny ears
but you've been in here here I'll perk
up I don't know let's see that's the
thing about like turd Ferguson saying we
need more Nazis and games like at least
like in games with Nazis maybe they
would have different uniforms maybe they
would have weird occultist weapons you
know or like fun you know like Nazis and
like Robo mecha suit steam-powered you
know like I like robots
I'm down with robots in general
I was all excited to see chappie and
then I was watching that half in the bag
I'm less excited to see Jennifer well
you still you still see chappie I
probably will still see it but I'll most
likely wait until it comes to some sort
of cheaper streaming service than going
to the theater which is a shame because
it's been a while since I've been to the
theater in general why don't you just
free watch short circuit why doesn't
everybody just rewatch short circuit I
mean we should do that anyway because I
you know seeing new things is always
exciting and like I said it's been a
while since I've just been to the
theater and I've just been looking for
an excuse to go to the movie theater and
there hasn't been a good excuse to go to
the movie theater in a while so I want
to use this bus saw a gun but I'm home I
got to to soft left just to it's not
gonna cut right i watch it fuck it we
gonna we got to move the street along
move along good one a ghost in goblins
you're totally right about about that
hand of fate thing that you just said
oh god no goblins yep ghosts and goblins
uh
what are you say about an to fate is
easy I'm not gonna say it out loud
because you know we just had our
discussion that the review will come on
okay okay I just want to let him know
he's on that trolley
what taco box what is my t-shirt circuit
to make you cry shirt circuit to is
crying mine I think that's why you think
it's so good that it makes him cry
remember at the end Johnny 5 you know I
remember oh yeah yeah Johnny 5 and his
punk rock outfit is like screaming down
a like a doc or something wasn't a doc
that's what it is so great this parts a
bitch this might be a death Oh
have you died yet oh yeah a few times
yeah much to my eternal champ okay
that's fine this is another I've gotten
this far without dying I usually die
here trying to I'm trying to remember if
I've ever made it past this part without
dying at least once
I've never timed myself with how long it
takes to edit an episode of prereq the
the last one was a little more intensive
I'd say maybe 20 20 hours maybe 20 30
hours this last one was definitely more
Mike I spent a lot of time trying to get
the pieces together and then you know
like the stupid title things honestly
like the longest part of the last
episode of was compiling every single
time we killed someone in that we're not
gonna kill anyone montage just like what
you know cuz he had to watch the entire
gameplay then cut out every time you
kill someone and then put it together
then you have to add the numbers and add
the little graphics and have a sound so
Mike that was actually really that was a
really time intensive part of the last
review by 2030 hours maybe and that
doesn't include any like that doesn't
include shooting it that doesn't include
ingesting footage that doesn't include
exporting exporting time like just
export like exporting it and uploading
it to YouTube takes four or five hours
by itself you fucker I know no and and
by the way I have decent uploads and I
know you're not talking about that I
know but I know that you know that I
know that you know but yeah like just
exporting and uploading takes so long
and I hate it
those little bastards
when we play a game for prereq do you
record the whole playthrough sometimes
like for example with the order because
they were so sure we got to record the
whole playthrough or sometimes we'll
just record like a five hour chunk and
then play it on our own and then if we
want to talk about something specific we
tried like we'll try to like rerecord
that specific moment but like for
example during our button prompt episode
rich brought up the thief series and a
specific thing that your character did
in thief three and so he went back and
recorded yeah you doing that so we would
have the footage but
have you ever watched team for sire no
no I have not uh so no we you know we we
just we don't record 100% of our
playthrough just because a lot of times
we're playing it by ourselves and you
know it's just it's just a lot of hard
drive space what do I do while I export
and upload well for this last episode
while I was expert like while I upload I
usually upload overnight like I'll
upload before I go to bed and by the
time I wake up it's there but I always
say a wake while it's exporting because
a lot of times there'll be a technical
problem while exporting and you'll have
to react sport it so I want to make sure
like we have a solid video before I
start uploading it so like while I was
exporting the last episode I was playing
panda faith which was great that was a
great thing to do because I could play
that I could play that on my laptop
while exporting on my main computer but
I don't like I don't do anything else on
my big computer while exporting I don't
want it like jinx it I don't want to I
don't want to accidentally mess
something up while making a big export
talking about talking to the the game no
I was wondering if I my rocket made it
into the the weak spot before the doors
closed
um ah no waste of rocket you only get
three of the time
oh fuck would you upload those
playthroughs um I mean they're just
playthroughs yeah I'm always that
interesting now they mean it's not
permitted no so probably not something
interesting happens we use it yeah yeah
that's the thing
and so it's like that you know like
that's the devil when like when rich and
I were talking about like previously
recorded in general we we were mulling
over the idea of Let's Plays yeah
and in general decided against them like
I think like what we're doing here is
different because we're chatting with
you guys were just talking we're just
gibbering which is nice you guys give us
the things to jibber about which I
really appreciate and and then like
moving them to YouTube that there were
people wanted that people wanted to
watch him on YouTube because that was
their preferred watching thing so I did
that but so now like I don't think like
oh shit he's still alive
oh my god look at that that's awesome
like you shot out his leg so he's like
crawling on it oh yeah that's super
badass rich this game looks awesome this
game is awesome everybody needs to play
this game before they die yeah yeah it's
prerequisite a pre
yeah huh ah an echo bun
oh no NECA bun is hosting us sorry I
thought that was a new subscriber button
I mean echo bun thank you for hosting us
you have 10 viewers I don't understand
what that is why would anybody want to
watch this I think like he's I think
NECA bun is hosting us and then they can
have their own conversation in their own
I think that's the idea doesn't cost us
any money doesn't it's all that matters
it's all in there you think it's not my
money do you think that we get a
percentage of the ad revenue I gotta buy
my real katana blade to cut your head
off they're so cool you could you could
um I think you could defend yourself
against the home invaders with that you
ordered like it's like it's like more
good than bad in the order because it
looks good
I like the complaints it's fine it's
like a story can't bring can't
appreciate the boys the candidates can't
predict that's the real thing the real
thing
I don't get it oh my God look at this
enemy I only assume he's an enemy that's
the guy who was in that flying suit
earlier that was like a little mini boss
fight oh okay ghosts and goblins I'm not
the right person to ask about old-school
practical effects movie versus like
digital effects cuz I don't care that
much I do not care if a movie uses
practical effects I just want it to be a
good movie it's easy to use CGI bad
though it is because you can literally
do anything yes and so invariably they
do stupid things but CGI does not a bad
movie mate no no but it's frequently
used just just explosions all over the
place
agreed agreed when there whatever
there's a CGI character it's like
they're almost always like over animated
sure because the animators go I can
animate this let's let's go to work and
they're not trying to make it look
natural it's overly animated like like
in the prequel films in the Star Wars
prequels well those any CGI care like
ever all of the human beings under
George Lucas's direction are so fucking
stiff right and then any creature that
CGI just slinking around head is
paddling back into in front of the
camera as tongues shoot across the room
yeah but like those are like that's an
extreme that that's an extreme of the
spectrum and I think like like CGI is
not something that bothers me and so
like I said I think actually I've talked
about it I'm chat before which is like
like even a movie like Speed Racer I
really
enjoyed speed racer and that's I want to
say 100% green-screen like it's it's how
you use it and as long as it's a good
movie I think I don't the specific
question which was about Mad Max I just
realized I was walking when I have
rocket boots oh why am I not using my
fucking rocket boots oh oh we got some
people who got some shock mizuage with
our with our free protons damn it
whatever but in any case the specific
question was about the new Mad Max movie
and whether or not they would use
practical effects or if they would
prequel it I think they're those are
that you're taking an extreme view
ghosts and goblins we're you know just
it's gonna be a good movie it will
probably use some practical effects it
will probably use some CG effects and
hopefully it won't matter because it'll
just be fun to watch yeah die
yeah your fuck I took his legs off and
then his torso leapt at me and tried to
latch onto me oh that's my guess I just
shop I just shot an ally with us saw a
gun
unfortunately there's no friendly fire
he's fine everything's fine how are you
no I get it go sit down
you were just you were just giving us a
chat on I appreciate that
Speed Racer was better than the matrix
it goes I agree I agree but I'd like at
the same time I also think that the
Matrix sequels were exactly what the
white house keys intended them to be you
know if that makes any sense if I faked
the matrix one who is is a great
standalone movie and then they wanted to
just explore that universe more and I
didn't much care for it but I think that
they made what they meant oh you fucker
just died and you know I think I think
that's an extreme view where it's like
dismayed jack-jack fuck you fuck you I
think you're like but the real thing is
just right I get that Animatrix watch
those animated short matrix shorts
animated matrix in shorts those are
that's some good stuff there's some
really good stuff in the Animatrix
I still have not seen the the Michael
Bay produced Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles oh it's awful I will I'm going
to see nothing see I'm going to see it
it's going to happen one of these days I
have not done it yet because you want to
or because your kids no god no
they don't want it they don't want to
see it real told you that story like all
of the ugly ones yeah they see the DVD
cover like out when we're shopping and
what not and they're just like you why
do the turtles look so ugly and I say I
don't know fuck me good dammit god
dammit ah I got a runaway runaway go run
away I want to see it just because I'm
curious
but
you died already let's see that's an
important question and I have not seen
chapter yet so I cannot answer that but
do do everything is - deal
oh you were being dumb how's your big
dumb okay do you think Neil Blomkamp is
becoming the next M night Shyamalan I
think I think twist endings being
repeated is more obnoxious than themes
being repeated its twists cuz the twist
relies on the shock yeah and when you
know there's a twist coming it has no
value yes and his shtick is more like
like poverty bad thing bad right that's
that's not gonna it's not as bad as the
twist ending you know getting knowing
that twist endings coming knowing what
the theme of the movie is mmm-hmm
repeatedly yeah I mean I think Blomkamp
has a style and he like he has kind of
his worldview and he's a he's a South
African and so like like the the his
settings and the way he deals with like
the injustice is that he has seen is
going to like make his film come from a
certain perspective no matter what so I
don't think he'll fall into the M night
Shyamalan did you see that bullet go by
right in front of the camera and slo-mo
mode I think I'm gonna see it I think
I'm gonna see that was that was kind of
great I think I'm gonna see it right now
hold on it's really large in the frame
that's
I don't think we've gotten a and you're
in slow mo Mon now oh yeah oh that's
awesome that's uh Seneca is like like
shaman became a slave to the twist
ending yeah and that ended up like
ruining what would have been like half
half decent stories like not great
stories but like Heep tried to shoehorn
in twist endings and I think that
tainted him as a director and as a
writer whereas Blomkamp he had like his
one important thing to say and he tried
to tell it simply and it worked out
great with district 9 he then like I
have not seen his remake of the 18 did
you see that that was him that was him I
didn't know that and I'm Sam did you see
it no no no I never liked the 18 no so
he he did that and I haven't seen that I
enjoyed Elysium I thought it was coming
from his state his same kind of like
voice as a filmmaker and I would love to
see him grow I would love to see him
grow out of this voice or like refine it
in a better way but I don't know I
haven't seen champion obviously I
haven't heard great things but I'd I
would like to see what he does with an
alien movie give him a franchise give
him like a different way to tell his
story and I think it could be fine
the a-team was blond camp I wasn't it a
team was not Blomkamp wait a minute I
didn't think it was
Who am I think what am I thinking of I
don't know what the fuck you thinking of
I'm looking it up wasn't be anything
below me well I mean I'm I'm guessing if
you guys are telling me no the answer is
no oh my god not even close who's Shido
carrying what did he make the a-team the
a-team right the gray smokin II oh the
guy did smoke whatever fuck the mine
thinking out hold on I'm here at the
a-teams IMDb oh I got confused you know
what I'm thinking
in the eighteen sharked Oh
Coakley is in the eighty sure you're
gonna have somebody who these people are
Sharlto Copley is Murdock in the a-team
remake and he is the he's the lead actor
in district 9 so the the lead of
district 9 is Murdock to me a roommate
that I got confused
I have out days my bombs days everyone I
got confused paul Blart
blam cam clarke your god damn it a lot
now I might be getting I might be
getting vanquish fatigue oh sure sure
alright apologies everyone apologies
that was no no that's not enough Hey I
apologize and is not enough what are you
going to do to make it up to me to you
you have to make it up to everybody to
ever individually I mean besides giving
them their factual information of why I
made the mistake yes
oh by the way have you seen smoking Isis
that's a great movie Oh smokin aces nope
oh you should see smokin aces that's a
really fun movie
it's not about it's about different sets
of hit people trying to kill Jeremy
Piven based on the title I would have
said like stock car driving you're
smokin aces the way I'll make it up for
you to tell everyone they should see
smokin aces it's a super great movies
jack has to pay playing text adventure
games no you know smokin aces was a good
thing smokin aces is a super fun movie
it's like an action movie it's about
like several sets of hitmen all trying
to kill the same person with their own
unique style really fun and Ryan
Reynolds is the star of it and I like
that Ryan Reynolds I think he's a neat
dude I need do or do you think he's an
attractive to each other I think be
honest be honest one
I think Ryan Reynolds is an attractive
dude too I enjoy his acting I enjoy his
acting as the smarmy cock short dude
he's the dude ever dude wants to be that
that Ryan Reynolds I enjoy him on
ironically
jack has to get a tattoo on his head
that says god bless I am to be right
where would be where would we be without
IMDB what fun would life be what fun
would life be without IMDB I would Ryan
his Reynolds man I am a fan of my notes
in general one night I have not seen it
happen to one night I'd like I enjoy
wrong times I don't I don't see the knot
I am on when it comes to movies I'm an
omnivore I will watch anything and enjoy
anything
oh these guys
I'm kind of the rocket beetles yep
I'm not doing so high here I'm not I'm
not making this look graceful right now
that makes me sad it looks it should
look graceful damn it well you know
that's what you're hoping for but it
this looks like this looks like a fun
time this is one of my favorite shooters
of all time
all right I'm down I put this up there
with like doom and whatnot hmm yeah
you're right zip Powers like Chris Pratt
is that dude right now like Chris Pratt
is is like Ryan Reynolds five years ago
he's that dude that every dude wants to
be a little bit funny a little bit
handsome a little bit little bit smarmy
and a little bit of an asshole but he
makes it work because he met you know
he's got a good heart absolutely
like Gosling wishes he was Chris Pratt
right now Gosling doesn't have the
comedy to be like that lovable he's just
he's like Gosling is is better-looking
but you know he doesn't have that he
doesn't have that thing that makes it
okay to be a dick you know yes check
please tell us about who's the better
looking dude you know I can't help it
that the dudes look so good rich I can't
help that there's nothing I can do to
make the dudes not look so good they'll
just look like dudes to me I don't know
what looks good
that's a lie you know who looks good
it's okay to say nothing wrong with
saying that dude looks good no comment
yeah no comment I got drilled punched by
the way you're exactly right Mario Mario
like my virus is Jack I'm waiting for
your wife to pop back in we were
watching while we were watching the
other day we were watching like The
Hunger Games and The Hunger Games has
that not Thor but Thor's little brother
like Chris Hemsworth is Thor right and
Chris Hemsworth's little brothers Liam
Hemsworth who is in The Hunger Games
Movies both very attractive dudes and we
were talking you know we got to talking
about attractive Doozers and about like
these two brothers very tracker dudes
like wouldn't it be like funny of their
parents were like you know weird-looking
or I wonder if they have like a brother
who is just normal looking and not crazy
handsome like they both are when that'd
be silly and listen you know there's
nothing nothing wrong we're saying
people are good-looking
some people are good-looking the
Hemsworth's good-looking
was this game reviewed by you out in
games yeah because I wanted people to
know about this game
I didn't hear about it until I was like
your old something weird like that cuz
nobody talked about this game oh it
makes no sense to me this stuff isn't
caviar the caviar of games yeah you
don't find the Hemsworth's attractive at
all oh man both OH
why should I I'm dig it just kick that
robot in the face cuz why not you're
talking about good-looking dudes I'm
gonna kick a robot in the face you're
talking about good-looking dudes it's
all I can think about is kicking robots
in the face it's just like to me The
Hunger Games was full it's full of
good-looking dudes
and my my thought was like you know
Hunger Games is generally for a female
audience you know young young girl you
know going through the trials and
tribulations and so they want to fill it
with good looking dudes and I was like
you know they got Jennifer Lawrence to
me Jennifer Lawrence is in I don't find
her necessarily like hot you know I
don't get it
with her and so you know there there
aren't a lot of there's not a lot of
there's not a lot of eye candy for me in
The Hunger Games I'm okay with the
movies but not a lot of eye candy I'm
like like the ladies gets my candy you
know your ladies I would expect them to
get eye candy well it's a movie for
everyone that that skews towards the
female audience someone in the chat is
asking where I heard about this game
just I don't even remember what the fuck
I was searching for say I saw a YouTube
video that had had gameplay footage of
this I'm like I have to do this why am I
not doing this mmm I went out and I got
the game immediately if not sooner
oh it's great
the hell I thought I don't know space
c'mon I'm just jabbering this is what
happens when you jibber for four hours
straight
this is we just so tired I just yeah I
done there's a lot of ladies that I
found attractive I'm reading
Jayla isn't one of them and that's okay
I but you know what I think she's a fine
actress have you seen any of the Hunger
Games Movies rich no okay I know I know
Karen's a fan of the books yeah so is
Lisa Lisa really likes the books and so
far I've been kind of like the first two
movies were like all right very
middle-of-the-road sci-fi dystopia kind
of stuff like I've been okay with all of
them not not either way finally in this
movie the third movie which is like the
first part of the ending finally our
main character has an arc oh really yes
in the first two movies Katniss Katniss
Jennifer Lawrence's character has no
control over what's happening around her
and like it doesn't seem to affect the
plot in any way I'll try finally in this
movie she's doing something that's like
oh this damn good so if you can make it
throw and like the first two are fine
they're fine movies I think but but like
finally this one she's doing stuff that
like affects the plot it's nice catnip
oh you know what you can do in this game
what light up a cigarette for wife or
wife because they're robots and and they
targeted the heat from the cigarette so
it's a momentary distraction alright so
there's actually a game play function -
smoking that's really funny
you can only do it like I think three
times per level
are you gonna do that fucking super
missile three times in a row three that
things like instant death you get him by
that biscuit was just running up and
down the stairs I just heard I don't
know if you guys are then that's why
you're asking about biscuit but he was
just running up and down this there's
like a crazy can well that's a good
cause someone is asking if we would ever
do something like if someone donated a
certain amount of money like a message
would pop up okay like they would write
a message and donating that messenger
pop up on screen the answer is
absolutely not because you don't know
what you're going yeah I can agree with
that and I don't care if you donated you
know like we we already we put up with
that a little bit with with people
subscribing and having comical
subscriber names but no I'm not going to
uh I don't I don't think we want to
clutter the screen with that kind of
messages as well so no probably not a
good idea I'm probably not gonna yeah
when am I going to post a photo of you
when you had a rat tab oh I would have
to find that phone I don't know I don't
know if that photo exists I'm sure it's
around here somewhere I I understand I
have to dig out my high school yearbook
photo now oh you do you do we we have
reached a set number of subscribers here
on Twitch and so we will be posting to
Twitter as soon as rich finds it a photo
of rich Evans from high school it's not
that exciting but I'm glad to do it you
this is what you have promised rich yeah
you brought this up and so we we have
hit that subscriber goal and we are we
are now going to post a picture of rich
Evans from high school and you know if
we hit another arbitrary goal maybe I'll
find a picture of me with a rat tail
it'll be great
it'll be it will be great
yeah those like the pop-up messages
I'm sure like I'm sure there would be
some comedy to be had with it and you
know it of course it's you know it's
another way for people to help donate
but like I I would be cut like one you
know we already have the the pop-ups for
these subscribers which you know again
we really appreciate but like some
people some people get annoyed by those
and some people do get annoyed by those
and so like I don't want it to be a
constant thing and like when you're
subscribing we generally I know there
are some joke subscribers but like
generally like it we hope that it's
people who want to continue watching the
show and who are supporting continuing
watching the show whereas like a
one-time donation it would be too easy
for someone just to like make a joke
statement so like that's that's kind of
the difference in my mind so like we we
were trying to encourage you guys to
keep coming back and watching because we
like putting out this kind of content we
hope you enjoy it so gives us an excuse
to play video games together it's it's
really great it's really this is this is
rich evans version of multiplayer gaming
all my bullets out of bullets fuck
yeah
yeah that's the point is more is you
make more money but people trawl exactly
in the dense it's not worth it to me I
suppose I guess that's the real that's
the real down-home like I'm sure the
extra money would be great fun now the
the extra the extra pop ups and the
possibility of people just saying awful
awful things unedited that's you know
that's not worth it's me for fracture
income
see that's baiting you're saying like
what's the worst game you two have
played so far and you know the answer to
that I think they want to compare the
aliens isolation to the ordinal sure as
I said earlier in the stream there's
there's very different types of problems
aliens alien isolation there's not
enough game for a full game that game
should have been four hours long yeah
and a nostalgia trip the order is just a
complete conceptual failure I would
never want to play anything even like
like I can't suggest how you could fix
it because I don't think it should have
been made in the first place
hitting X to continue the story is not a
game it's not fun that's not something I
want to do ever ever ate a version of
alien isolation if you made a version of
alien isolation that was four hours long
cut down cut down a whole bunch of stuff
and and possibly like got rid of the the
door opening madness I can't get up
there to get that upgrade cube fuck
there there some salvageable aspects to
alien isolation as you know we don't
think that they implemented though
salvageable aspects but alien isolation
could have been could be something good
there was some fun in there and they
decided not to use any of it whereas the
order there was nothing there was
nothing but there was nothing but
promises that they never fulfilled utter
utter garbage the order
I am weary I know you get like you
obviously everyone who's here knows our
gripes with both of those games so we're
not gonna go and delve into a too deep
but different problems one is worse
except for the dick punches you're right
the differences are great dick punches
were selfish for differences if it was
an entire game of dick fighters then
maybe we'd have something maybe I I
might just just just purely as a novelty
I would buy a game that's nothing to
people taking turns punching each other
in the dick Parcher puncher power times
Nutcracker maybe they'd like that's it
like different the different combos make
you punch the other person in the nut
slightly different load the game be even
like the timing and hitting the button
you have like the meter going back and
forth or something you have to have some
way to determine like the strength of
your hit well you know it'd be a two
players be a multiplayer game have you
ever played divekick no the dive kick is
like a deceptively simple fighting game
oh wait literally you can only do two
things like you can you can jump or you
can kick okay and but like the way in
which you do so determines whether
you're attacking or blocking okay and so
that would be dick puncher is like you
have to choose whether you're punching
or blocking and so it's like a strategy
game to try to get the other person not
to block so you can punch and while
you're punching you have to watch out
cuz they can also punch okay so oh was
it going on 12 I forget I keep
forgetting about daylight savings it is
it is past midnight oh wow wow yes yes
employ a little bit longer the
simplicity is not deceptive well it's no
what I meant is like it's it's
simplistic but it's deceptively
complicated like be the the strategy in
with the simple controls is what's
deceptive about it
so that's that's what it would be also
yes make everyone n mean it doesn't
really matter cuz we all have phones now
and tell time through our phones but it
is it is midnight now because we're on
daylight savings times now we are no
longer in standard Sentra we are no
longer in Central Standard Time we are
in central Daylight Savings Time we
should just get rid of daylight savings
I mean it's fucking useless it is I
agree
it just it creates it creates needless
chaos and confusion twice a year okay
you know what I agree but all we can do
is complain about it for now until we
become so powerful that we can control
this kind of thing so maybe another four
months I think why is it maintained
status quo the people who run this sort
of thing think that it would cause more
harm to change it than the harm it
causes it being around that's bullshit
because everybody complains about it
exactly and so all it would take like it
should we just need someone with the
authority to be like this is what's
happening and then it will happen and
everyone will complain about it when it
happens what I'm so used to setting my
clocks or what it's so dark now and I'm
not used to it being dark now or it's
not dark now and I'm used to it being
dark now and then after after a year of
people complaining everyone will forget
about it and everything will be great
yeah yeah if you want to send us links
to articles about why we should ditch it
yeah do that yeah do that down I'm down
you know ruff Macmillan Terry that's
Betsy your sidekick is in this game
ruff Nick military but that's fine
because this is a fun action game so
what you're saying is this game is full
of cliched characters but they have some
fun with it
yes that's why it's okay these are space
communists attacking microwave satellite
with robots and it's done in a light and
fun way this is everything about this is
appropriate yes
rich is playing this game on a
Playstation 3 by the way for those
asking
I don't know if it was farmers that
initiated daylight's a myth but I think
it might be a myth there might be
another reason well it was like it was
initially for like salvaging candle
usage right where they wanted to squeeze
more daylight hours out of work time and
so what's something like that yeah
that's the idea so I don't think it was
farmers actually I think it was City
doors because farmers don't care about
like salvaging work hours they get up on
the Sun gets up but like people who are
in stores and businesses they they have
to care about lighting it it's them damn
city folks or the Illuminati so you step
in my shotgun stop you're right I'm a
farmer a biologist absolutely
you know what
there's a new bebop and rocksteady is
that in the the Nickelodeon animated or
is there one in the movie I know the
animator I know there was plans for Oh
apparently someone who's asking if I've
seen I have not seen that yet I'm not up
on the most current
Nickelodeon Ninja Turtles but you know
might be good I don't know I got it all
backwards just like with the a-team I
didn't get the 18 100% backwards a main
player in district 9 was also in the
a-team I just you know I just I got
someone who was involved in the making
of district 9 was also involved in the
making of the a-team so that's getting
it somewhat right I just mixed up who
was you who do I mixed up who to do
sometimes you sometime to who do you you
know I'm saying yeah I think I think I'm
about done let's let's reason because
that last sentence was the gibbering of
a madman let's be done yeah yeah any any
any last questions or whatnot could get
out of the way now now's your time yeah
speak now forever hold your peace Brad
curb I am home that's fine
yeah they got nothing all right all
right good night everybody
fun tall oh hey John B 820 just
subscribe thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
thank you to John ba 20 all the new
subscribers all the old subscribers and
thank you everyone else for coming out
we really do appreciate it and and look
out tomorrow you might that next picture
of you might just be out tomorrow jack
up this time mr. Jack you've gone too
far you know what I'm going to have to
shoot you now no I'm going to have to
shoot you
I'm pulling out my gun right now oh no
this little this is a little square
button prompt I just had to had to press
that to to to pull back the hammer to
cock the gun I've seen I've seen some
terrible things in my endless days is
alike in goodbye
