Mar 18, 2015
Hotline Miami 2, Ori and the Blind Forest
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3988820
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3988832
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ulp7z3VwAY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8D-r0EQsWII
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/578244748210647041

[Part I]
check and test recording uh uh so I
don't know this might sound like crap no
it does it's all Jack's fault it sounds
great
can you um can you get rid of what's
this
it's not full screen that's that's the
problem Sallah big thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true four months four months we really
do yeah I don't like the months thing
but it ruins the the singsong anus of
the flow sure thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate anybody so many
ones well it completely doesn't fit we
need to change
well we're what we're doing then right
we know you say hi this is what I'm
saying
I'm saying we need to change what we're
doing here you guys are seeing space cab
look at that look at that he's a cop
from the future space Moki b85 thank you
for subscribing we really appreciated
for none monster oh no we won't be
playing a ton of spelunky but Alejandra
fan Alejandra made it for us a space cop
spelunky mod and so I just wanted to
show this off because I thought it was
super cute look at look at space cop
it's adorable and apparently there's a
very special damsel and so what we need
to do oh look his face got the only the
only issue I have yeah he's wearing a
cap space cop is going to wear his
helmet the entire movie
that's not that's not a special action
occasion helman sure face cop always
wears the helmet but otherwise great I
love the animation yeah look it's a
great cartoon space cop bridge that is
the face of glasses it's great love that
that's true
precisely one there's precisely what I
was gonna say the ending but that's the
I mean not the ending but the last shot
of the movie is in the trailer for the
original version yeah so we're just
gonna play this for lovers fuck specs
for thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
two months in a row J fresh - thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
a clockwork stowin thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated five
months in a row ah that's not my
favorite part is the months in a row
that's not your favorite part because of
the way you doing alright we didn't see
it until this run we didn't see a damsel
oh you guys aren't seeing our faces when
people fuck if Pratt ski thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
five months in a row this is the
notification I'm hearing I'm hearing it
yeah I'm hearing it too yeah we'll keep
we'll keep an eye out everybody get out
of here you skeleton
yeah so so like space kappa looks
fantastic his glasses his face looks
great
if i'm gonna nitpick and i'm gonna
nitpick you know we need some what would
space cop have instead of a whip his
laser gun even basically it would break
the game would be this powerful laser
blast that would go across the whole
screen right right and it would do
massive amounts of damage and it would
be unlimited use also also people have a
protective force field right right so we
can't have that
obviously krieger 783 thank you for
subscribing and also sky dandy thank you
as well for subscribing six months in a
row also six months in a row oh wait I
think I see the damsel hold on we gotta
get we have to go see if we can if we
can get this damsel some extra special
care was put into the space cop damsel
is hot dog with a face on it and then
what happens it walks around giant hot
dog with a face on it thank you for now
who is that Elvis delvis thank you for
subscribing we're very odd thing look at
that hot dog that's great that is great
no now you people in the chat has there
been a consensus a consensus reached on
us thinking subscribers because I know
I've noticed that during like the
YouTube videos yeah a lot of comments
say they they yeah they can go fuck
themselves I was how does everyone in
the chat fil about it is it annoying I
know we do want to thank these people
for subscribe paint openness but I'm
just curious what the consensus is cuz I
can i can understand once it's like ten
like Bill Hickok oh my God thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it we
say no I know I had the way to stop what
we're talking about right sure and I
could see where that's aggravating ya
know and I see I see some people say
like a little bit annoying mildly
annoying but then of course a subscriber
says that they enjoy it yeah
and so like that's the other thing where
it's like if you're a subscriber you
know how would you feel if we stopped
doing that Joe's guy thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
no months no ma you don't have to say no
months what the fuck and rail means real
thank you for subscribing real means we
really appreciate it
not sure what that means what does what
does bill mean it's it's short for
William it's just a string of letters
that is your designation that's all a
name is an epic mean jack shit Wow Wow
rich you're getting her a little real
bringing out bringing out the robot now
twitch plays Pokemon says you could let
the alerts build and then live in the
box for free at moment is there a way
you can look up who subscribe during
like after the fact is that possible if
it is I don't know how to do it oh like
the Rising Sun thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate him you just
subscribe right is there something I
could go into the computer this computer
machine and it'll tell me if he
subscribed earlier and I missed it is
that a thing that happens I don't know I
didn't look into it that much because
we've been thinking people as the hazard
but I bet there's some sort of third
party attachment thing that saves all
that yeah and then like during the low
we'll catch up
sure and then get rid of the what the
fucks you can keep those in but I'm
gonna have to stop what we're talking
about to do that we can think it's look
at things sure later okay all right look
we'll look into it we will look into
that I'm gonna stop playing this bloke
you know just want to show so Alejandra
thank you for putting in the time to
make a space cop mod first belongs yeah
I think it's adorable
it is the the hot dog is really the
winner unless of course that's what your
whip is what if your whip was like a
chain of hotdogs
laser-gun no it would break the game but
it would be space cap appropriate that's
seemly powerful you can get you there's
a there's a laser gun you can get in the
game maybe maybe that's the balance he
doesn't have like a normal whip it's
just like an item you could pick up
there already is that there already yeah
but you don't even have the whip you
start off with the laser gun that's
great start off with the powerful item
but then you don't get the whip that's
easy that's balanced to somewhat balance
you can't do that with that's yeah
you're you're you're you're a console
peasant originally I don't I don't think
you understand the power of modding and
what people have done to games that's
that's really true I don't understand I
don't understand the power button let's
play all right play never again oh I
won't play a different game
take good take the cartridge out of the
console game stupid you're stupid this
game is beautiful but I know we just
played a whole bunch of it why is it not
I could play spelunky oh yeah now we're
gonna make now we're going to play hot
hotline Miami 2 it's gonna be great
post a link for this mod is alejandra
here you can post a link to the mod yeah
you got a Fiat via email attachment
right yeah I don't know where you can
find out we'll find out what the fuck
bless our drugs thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate these past five
months you see how I made that a little
smoother I'm trying to all tab so I can
get to this screen so I can tell the
game the the OBS that we're playing a
new game okay
rich is spazzing out I just want you
guys know I'm trying to make it give me
my mouse oh yeah we'll play Bioshock I
liked Bioshock alright why does game not
showing up Omega this is minimized on
that screen that could be why
all right wait nope nope nope nope why
not okay why not no cuz it's unchecked
Oh
rich is spazzing the fuck out alright
thank you
oh this is a very important notice we
will we will play Bioshock ace gigolo
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it you know it's one of those
things where there's just there's a list
of games that we want to play there is
an amazing list of games that we want to
play on stream off of stream games that
we've never played before games that we
have played before and we'll do our best
omma you can skip the scenes that
contain nudity and allude to sexual
violence would you like to skip those
scenes no we are not skipping the scenes
that allude to sexual violence
okay that's really funny
this is hotline this is the second game
that's like drive the game one of these
days we're gonna play manhunt okay cuz
that's kinda that's got a cheap video
theme running throughout the whole game
okay cool
it's a game low snuff films you're
forced don't be in a snuff film Oh fun
you have to survive this creepy man
turn it up you can't hear us forgiveness
- oh I just turned I can turn it down
more their weight way down why did you
keep going keep going just turn down to
one yeah right
alright how is that does that work can
you hear anything that might be better
than oh yeah we're too low
we're too low I'm gonna turn us up over
here whoa oh that's that's me I'm got
the mouse and you've got the controller
we can technically co-op no let me go up
and try and turn us up here first all
right
actually can you do it on your magic
microphone machine turn us up yeah just
a little bit I turn this up all the way
up here I turn us up another 10% we're
uh 90 now we're at a hundred little
subdued to it
we're usually louder in general
microphone closer even so I think this
would be fun if I I aimed while you move
around but I don't know that sounds
pretty terrible
that sounds pretty amazing okay I'll
hold the L shift to look around whoa
okay
pray use RMB to pick up hammer
what's RMB apparently that voice is loud
now voice is loud no sound from the game
and voice loud so we need to throw in
the game volume up a little bit I'm
gonna turn our voices down over this is
insane
hey guys this is insane
with no music this is dreadful
apparently we just got rid of all the
music
okay I turned our sound down a lot is
that good is that good right now I'm
done adjusting things so I need to know
how the sound is right now oh you're
actually you're still adjusting things
so they're yeah sound good now
now the sound should be good
still no music they'll hear it in a
second
where does that what they're saying no
music right gesture just saw yeah
whatever it's fine everything's always
fine music up one bar I think somebody
else is saying rich is good Jack's a
little loud Jack's a little one right
next to the mic as one should be right
next to the mic there one bit there
people like pair unlikely like the music
in this game yeah this is a series known
for its music you know you know what I'm
gonna say about the music in this game
now we we bought this before you know 20
minutes ago whatever was and the
soundtrack cost exactly as much as the
game that's a little wider noble I don't
know about that yeah the game was games
15 the soundtrack separately also 15 yes
Hey yeah that's yeah that's too much I
really I think that's too much for a
soundtrack and we missed something
Oh
let's have again jack so I can bring out
my God my magic window of seeing things
this isn't a Orson I mean it said an
iron huh I know a is rage to cave thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated two months in a row
all right Jack you're back on the game
the game is back on okay game is the
thing you're doing now they're saying
music still a little too quiet so we've
up to the music to four bars thanks so
far this looks like the first game with
new maps I more than like two statements
are you not I know I'm done you should
you should all play my problem is that
my problem is there's like a laundry
list of games I should play yes then
there's what I'm in the mood to play yes
like lately I've been playing homeworld
remastered
I saw circular I don't know you tell me
oh no you don't do something different
that's not good oh okay I get it
we're bored this is an altar this is a
different kind of reality but it's okay
because it's just the studio still
disgusting yeah that's fine
that's fine that's fine
we didn't rape her J it's just a movie
started to rape her and then like think
ice is cod yeah still yeah that's fine
that's you know what that's fine it's
fake within fake its fake and it warned
us we could have cut that bad
I fix stun for shock for Shaq say yes
100% done first shock sake Oh eat it
looks like each chapter is a cheesy
movie that's fine
fuck what the fuck indeed professor
physics thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it four months in a
row all right what happened oh the game
crash the game crash by Miami - crash
apparently sorry about that everyone but
just try it again just try it again try
it again
oopsie try it again
alright here we go here we go online
Miami - I should have known this is
gonna happen now somebody's ringing up
the Star Trek rape review the rape
review the 2099 Star Trek for the poster
has its way with somebody
oh sure 2002-2009
there Dagobah Dave thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
uh-huh yeah yeah basically that's the
thing old Chris thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
okay okay play it again
nice animo did you remember Marvel 2099
Marvel 2099
they had a series of books that took
place in 2099 the Marvel Universe in
2099 oh sure that's spider-man 2099 and
the Punisher 2099 and whatnot and I
think it was the last the ravage 2099
that was the last comic book that Stan
Lee ever wrote oh yeah my baby at least
regular he was he was the writer on
ravage 2099
a comic book that took place in the
future yet was somehow dated never of
course they all wait
this game will make for a terrible
stream FYI well that was the brakes
that's our work sometimes no I really
enjoyed the first one I think people
stream the first on okay oh these are
all your masks people on our end
everybody gets masks in the first day of
the masks gave you like gave you
different like attributes okay Japan you
can choose what masking wore before
admission but if I don't want to work
with the animal mask sir no mask option
there wasn't a no mask option but there
was just like a mask that doesn't do
anything
I'm not totally digging interact look
like I'm not totally digging how the
controls work they're going to do it do
it tonight I don't know what know what
that's a reference to what are we going
to do tonight
what are we gonna do that we're gonna
jam out to some sweet sweet ass in food
don't you let you do the voices oh
that's right I won't be doing voices I'm
still I'm still slightly up so I can't
do any voices I don't know that I have
it in me to voices you don't think what
the fuck what's very strange music
happening you're in a club of some sort
you see an arrow that's Tony Franco I
know you know what I'm doing it I'm
exploring alright here we go first scene
down under we're doing it we're doing it
welcome Hays on brain if you've never
been to the live chat before you are in
I mean I don't want to say
disappointment or treat what do you cut
what do you call What's in between
disappointed and a tree you're in for a
perfectly average time okay
well you can roll in this game oh my god
that sounds amazing
you could not do that in the first game
fuck what the fuck indeed Jesus Chris
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
Jesus Crist it was spelled all week
gee just a letter - Z us - k ry s d nice
I gotta remember how to play this game
it's been a while Ramar you shoot thinks
I was I don't have a gun how is this
difficult I don't have a gun well why
don't you kill the guy with a gun first
I'm trying you can walk right by the
door and you didn't do anything
also there's no punch Oh is there is a
punch Oh for fuck's sake jack but how do
you not figure out these things I could
wait why can't I move my character
anymore
okay I was locked onto something listen
it's been a while since I played the
game rich why don't you why don't you
take a moment oh shit shit pick it up
fucking I want the bat really naeli I
mean I'll want the shotgun later but
melee weapons are so much more fun I
think it's gonna work on that guy
watch this wait I have to remember how
to throw thing someone unlock that's the
wrong key
okay okay I like that yeah all right now
I have the shotgun
what the fuck indeed collecting data
thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it's true we do oh
what's not an episode of Star Trek
collecting data where that was the name
of the episode that one guy basically
kidnaps data because data is a robot he
just wants to collect him cuz he
collects rare things oh sure I know I
mean I believe it what the fuck Jack I
found I was thought I was throwing my
gun at him I do I hate how the controls
are right now well how are the controls
that that's so bad I don't know they
don't feel right why aren't you using a
mouse and a keyboard because I like
controller
maybe that's why you keep tired that
could be
okay you know rich shut up about that
also a second how about that how about
that right there I'm still watching the
Voyager yeah yeah how's it treating it
uh it gets better every round season
four uh-huh it's never grade seven of
nine god that character fucking takes
over the fucking show what I mean I
don't even I don't even hate the
character but it's just non-stop every
fucking episode is about seven of nine
they may as well retitle the show
seven of nine guest starring Voyager
yeah oh I mean it's Jeri Ryan you know
she's good but I'm sick of her yeah I
can see that I can see that but you know
like just having that kind of attractive
lady on your show it's good it's gonna
maybe maybe you should develop the rest
of your undeveloped characters that
seems like a lot of work this to be look
I want this to be this is my real
problem
Jack has chosen not to use a mouse and
keyboard for this camera this is my
problem which I figured out my problems
discuss amongst yourselves about how
wrong that is the problem was my main
attack button was the bumper not the
trigger okay that's no way to be and and
as far as the high school photo I forgot
I forgot I promised by next Wednesday
photo I know it's my fault
rich to make up for maybe I'll try and
find my senior and junior your photo
double-double the V goodness it's
nothing is it's gonna be as much of a
letdown as dr. mayonnaise just photo of
me from high school I didn't do anything
weird I didn't have any weird looks
I wasn't trying to be an individual by
looking like other people who are trying
to look like individuals you know
basically I just have hair I have hair
in a goofy sweatshirt I'm sure yeah
rollin a goofy sweatshirt I I'm not sure
I don't remember what this is this is
speculation I didn't remember wow that
seems like a really easy strategy I mean
it's just a shirt people on that run
into the room is it is that like the
best strategy in every case no no I mean
well you know this is like the first
level so I think it's just kind of
teaching you how to do things I just
don't remember like the this is a huge
area I don't over the first area being
this or the first game areas being this
big there's just a lot of dudes
yes
failed sure did getting their rich I
know this seems a bit cheap works I
guess mostly because it is as long as
it's not the only effective strategy
that use all game I'm okay with it so
justice Jack remember you have a log on
oh I did forget of course you did oh
it's Jane I thought was like a garrote I
can garrote
yeah like piano wire you stick up behind
somebody and you jump to death gotcha
that's good I did it go to car okay
okay is this an old PC game yes this is
a twenty-year-old game yep yep sure is
this did not just come out nope this is
not a literally and brand-new game this
this certainly did not come out like a
week ago great I feel lost I mean I
didn't kill it that's all right
rich what was your worst job this
workers place called red letter media
uh-huh and they did all kinds of
horrible things to me yeah on camera
they filmed it even and they would like
post it for the public to see
oh god this one time they forced me to
masturbate a Star Wars droid oh and then
they put it on the internet for everyone
to see yeah that sounds terrible so now
this that was the worst job I ever had
okay that pizza
you can't hear Jay probably probably
because Jay is not talking Jay Jay is
working right now I thought you were
gonna stop it yeah but then you said why
is that so funny and ruin days Mike the
same room but I'm doing painstaking
thanks work Jay's microphone is turned
down he's working oh so hologram ik
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it they can't hear the music
okay I mean the music is not on right
now there's no music playing why isn't
theirs no good there's no music right
now they like the music there's no
there's no music in the game right now
oh my god the gate with the game started
again apparently oh now the music is
starting why did the game start again
it's fine it's just just weird
this is a little different he plays
different people I guess how is this
different the first game there were
there were like fuck clear areas as far
as like when when the game wasn't like
when the little story into a der
interludes were he played his one
character the first one seemed a little
stranger maybe just because we hadn't
seen anything like this before you know
what I have to say about that what
couple bottoms thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
just a couple of songwriters thank you
for subscribing we've really appreciated
three months in a row
that's when Jay mentioned bill Paxson
being shittin aliens I fully tented okto
Jay bill paxton was awesome and aliens
and J is simply wrong he's supposed to
be I love it when he says game over man
game over except for you you just love
your depressing movies sure depressing
yeah
yeah yeah yeah I'm not I'm not digging
like how much space I get for like an
instance just like that where like
there's just a guy off camera and you
shoot bill paxton will always be
remembered for aliens always that's his
role he will be remembered for a let's
check yeah Chet was great weird science
is great he will be remembered for
aliens it's not gonna be twister and say
that uh I should be fuckin twister man
you should see twister should i yes
I haven't either 100 I haven't I have no
planet ever seen twister how to
resentence a twister just as a cultural
timepiece huh for a cultural timepiece
many people culture sucks culture does
suck culture me if culture means you
have to watch twister yeah culture sucks
yes bill paxton has been good at other
things
he's even been in movies that were
bigger Titanic made more money than
aliens but he will be remembered for
aliens that's his that's his destiny
that's his fate
that's his epitaph yes when he dies it's
Knievel Paxson gay guy who said game
over in aliens is dead
bill paxton game over man cuz I'm stupid
say I wasn't thinking of joke at that
point I was thinking of analogy I'm
thinking of point right
and he you know people obviously they'll
remember the other things he did but the
most prominent one the first thing they
bring up in his epitaph is going to be
aliens oh yeah 100% and I mean unless he
does something else yeah in between now
and the time he dies right well doc I
didn't think I needed to say that I
thought it was kind of obvious but okay
fuck walk on you dingus Jack shut up one
I don't need to lock on because I'm not
dying because I'm not locking on to the
lock on is awkward
and I've really disliked locking up
feels wrong what is that what is this my
hand right now I know just a gun yeah no
no you could totally shoot that walking
the room and shoot this guy's dick dick
punch yeah look at that other guy is
another guy is he deaf yes
are you are you shooting up a school
where they teach people will sign
language
oh it's yes you know if you're gonna go
on a killing rampage uh-huh
do it at the School for the Deaf this
you'll probably get more kills that guy
it's true it's true
I'm good at things a gigolo I'm not sure
if that's a pun or not but he says sound
advice I hope that was intended as a pun
because it's great if not get your shit
together he's a gigolo door has heard
people say go like this oh you know
somebody with a door and then get shot
that's I do this I'm pretty good at this
damn that's why I know
Oh
okay all right
it's basically says Jack is online at
this game yeah it's right I'll take all
right yeah
that's great it falls back on the blood
spurts out of yeah that's great yeah
shit shit Ron yep
Oh only what you barged through the door
obviously he heard that because they
don't hear - shotgun blasts hey here are
you barging through that door yeah yeah
yeah you know with their rapid reaction
times and I could see where strategy is
just a huge part of this game and it
takes away from being just like a
twin-stick shooter yeah I think
something else yeah you do you really do
have to pay attention to guard movement
and and whatnot and it is slightly like
the way the guards move is slightly
randomized and their placement is not
always the same and so you do definitely
need to pay attention to your
surroundings Wilkins the clown thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we do two months in a row oh
oh the door didn't get him you dick you
dick game dick dick
what the fuck
quince Omni AK thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true seven
months in a row doesn't work it doesn't
work
I tried Jack I tried she's not trying
are different sick dick
shit chip come on
I threw a knife at him
how do you feel about the Batgirl cover
controversy sure is a controversy you
familiar with it all I am it seems like
a scary cover because the Joker is a
scary villain sure I'm okay with it
actually
you're okay with her cover yeah yeah you
know I think my biggest issue with it is
the dramatic tone difference between the
cover and the comic itself
I haven't read the comic itself so I
can't speak on that new Batgirl is a
little lighter but about a little
history though that bad girl has what
the Joker the Joker is the one nonpolar
not in that comic book that you're
talking about continuity from a
different universe so people don't care
about that
Batgirl this new Batgirl has a lighter
tone to it
okay Allah skews a little younger
audience it's like it the cover itself
doesn't bother me but it's this is this
is my problem with it is it's Oh Maj
Inge a killing game right The Killing
Joke The Killing Joke thank you it's
amazing
The Killing Joke yeah which has nothing
to do with this Batman universe and so
it's just like tonally it doesn't make
sense
which is why and and here's the context
those two jokers 75th anniversary sure
sure
but and that was one of the major points
of the Joker's history the crippling the
Batgirl The Killing Joke that was one of
the major juncker moments yeah but it
doesn't happen in this common gun
okay and so that stark tonal difference
is why the artists asked DC to pull the
comma do you compass okay okay which by
the way is I think a big part of the
controversy that people aren't paying
attention to is the artists ass what it
was did he think he was drawing it for
something else or do you not know what
was going on it was a commission like
like DC asked for the cover I don't know
if he knew it was going on that issue
but
this is this is a nod to me to me it's a
non-issue the issue is a non-issue
so I don't know I don't read bad girl so
I don't care that much but but I do know
that this book okay somehow you're alive
it seemed like some stupid thing you did
that was 100 percent something stupid I
did this book takes a lighter tone and
the readership skews a little younger
and so to me it's like it was just a
misstep on DC's part kind of like paying
fanservice to a group of people that no
longer read the book you know oh look
yeah you can spit the clothes back but
that's to me that's the only controversy
is it offensive is it offensive yes no
okay
I don't think okay I don't either the
Joker is a scary villain yeah yes the
Joker's a scary girl
my big question is duh in that book does
the Joker kidnap Batgirl no idea no idea
if he kidnaps Batgirl then it's a
perfectly appropriate cover I don't
think it's inappropriate but again I
don't care mm-hm
I just think tonally it doesn't make
sense
oh I'm a detective really
apparently go to which guy this guy okay
well this is all just a movie it's all
Ono I think I'm in a different really
I don't know like also it doesn't matter
here here's the other really important
part of the conversation from a from a
capitalist standpoint it does not matter
whether or not rich or I are offended
you know wonder why we don't buy them so
here's the thing DC should not listen to
rich and I on whether or not were friend
and you know who they should listen to
the people that buy their book and if
the people that buy that book say
they're offended then absolutely listen
to them because those are your customers
right cuz my I saw the image a my first
reaction yeah
oh that's a great cover that's a great
issue that would entice me to buy the
comic to find out what happens
how does Batgirl get out of this she's
she's facing down you know the memories
are the one of the worst things that's
happened to her the worst thing that's
ever happened to her but not in that I
don't I don't I don't know how they've
erase history what you see him they're
there that nobody changes every fucking
week I don't know so did you buy it no
oh I guess it doesn't matter so that's
that's the real thing but but I do think
that it's important for DC to listen to
their fan base and if their fans are
saying they're offended by that they
should listen to that because that's a
good business
and are you sure that you've raced that
I know like DC's continuity is just like
like ever did they actually erase The
Killing Joke it was Barbara Gordon now
no longer ever crippled yeah was she
crippled ding got better or this bad
girl I want to say this is like new 52
bad girl this is Gordon right yeah still
Barbara Gordon but completely new
universe that's why I can never read DC
yeah well you're right the only opinion
that well no no there are two opinions
that matter Tobin the guid Tobin the
gnome says the only opinion that should
matter is the artist that creates the
work no because he created it as a
commission for DC so so his work should
matter and he wanted the cover removed
so boom and - DC paid for it so their
opinion matters - and they wanted it
removed so that's all that matters then
I mean you could you could replace you
can replace Batgirl with Robin mm-hmm
would it make a difference I've been
also murdered by the Joker
oh sure you know the only the I was
reading up on the controversy
surrounding it the only thing that if I
were to say like something something
didn't offend me about it but there is
something that you can point to that's a
little bit sexist which is you know the
for anyone who hasn't seen the cover I
mean I'm pretty ballsy she's got a - she
has it she's crying she's she's afraid
for herself and that's not necessarily
heroic and so like if you look at
similar covers of Batman or Robin that
are tied up by the Joker right they're
always like they look tough they're
grimacing they're like trying to escape
and so then there's a difference in how
they're your hero is portrayed one as
vigilant and the other as beep I think
it's different within the context of
what happened to that character because
of the Joker though if it happened to
her at all
I don't care about that right now I'm
this is what I'm saying oh this is what
I'm saying is I care about the image in
general not how it relates to that
specific issue in this current this
current continuity until next month's no
nor no 82 we were just saying that
because you could you could do that
cover you could do with Robin and you
can still have the tear and it would
still work it would still be a great
cover oh sure
but and I wouldn't find anything
offensive the body no no but they did
they didn't do her thrive in the end we
were just saying that context is what
matters right and so the context of
knowing what universe is said I think
it's important and again it doesn't
matter we don't buy the book but I don't
think people are offended because of the
context of the book I think people are
offended just because of what the image
is they're not offended because well
this Barbara Gordon's different Barbara
Gordon that's not what the controversy
is explain more people aren't upset
because this Barbara Gordon wasn't
crippled by the Joker they're not upset
about bathrooms they're upset about the
image in general that there's a woman
who was in a helpless position because
of the scary monster the scary villain
right no I don't I don't think so I
think I think they're upset because in
general what are once again in comics a
woman is being portrayed as weak in lieu
instead of a man who would be being
portrayed as heroic I believe that's the
country that's how I read the
controversy at least and oh my god
pardon
and in that case I agree it's it's
they're portraying a woman is weakened
in a similar situation they would
portray a male hero as aa tough on a
cover I don't know about that because
the classic thing to do with covers is
to bait you into buying it to hook you
with the drama they might they want you
to fear for the hero's life so you buy
the issue I think I think they would
paid a hero in a kind of helpless kind
of vulnerable situation for cover
they might just because they want to
entice you to buy to see what happens in
the in the examples that I've seen side
bus you know like examples of Batman
being tied up for example or Robin being
tied up right there they're not they
could but they just haven't been
efficiency level maximum thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciated so
I think you know like I said really the
important thing is that our opinions
don't matter because we don't buy these
comic books and you have to remember
that DC is a business and so they should
listen to their customers and if their
customers the people who buy Batgirl
comic books are telling them that they
don't like that cover they should listen
to them
because that's smart business look at he
does a little dance he's glad he shot
you hey guy okay so by the way these I
believe hourglass with two votes to
surprise the Joker's not even in the
issue oh that's weird then well then
fuck then that's baiting right then that
is pure like like emotionally like I
said it's its 75th anniversary the Joker
I guess this month a bad month or
whatever it was sure so that might have
been on the he might have been on the
cover of every issue for all I know but
then so then they're exploiting there so
then they're exploiting this thing you
know about Batgirl and the Joker to sell
the issue so that's 100% sexist and
exploitative and it was a it's a variant
cover it wasn't the main cover please
please talk about the game jack is dying
a lot some of the variant cover it's a
very good cover it's a variant cover and
oh if Joker's not even in the fucking
issue Jesus Christ yeah then it's
inappropriate then it's a hundred
percent inappropriate then it then it
totally does not match with the book I'm
just gonna be over here I guess stop
doing stupid things
no never so then it totally does not
match with the book it features
something that doesn't happen in the
book and it causes their customers to be
upset several reasons not to have that
cover
are you through machine gun shit I was
on both
oh well that's acceptable you should
know by now they can hear those doors
once they've been somewhat alert him you
should just be learning some things that
happen nope that's not gonna happen
he was brain Oh brain make knowledge
knowledge brain I just picked up a bomb
I threw my machine gun to pick up a
bottle that's not stupid okay is that
all the bad girl controversy to carry
stuff yeah great great it seems pretty
dumb yeah people are dumb other people
are dumb no I I heard everything I know
I was trying to find an equally funny
way to some eyes but fuck it whatever
controversy can we talk about how about
that Hiroshima bombing jesus H Christ
Jesus H J for the win I'm doing
painstaking color correction yeah sure
you should be J looks great because
because you asked nicely I'm gonna say
hello to your friend Giovanni
hello Giovanni my obligations are now
done yeah
my favorite is hitting people with a
fucking pipe fucking brain in them brain
brain brain brain brain brain
yeah I will not ask J which movies he'd
like to do a commentary for because J is
working
jeg would love to do a commentary for
The Smurfs movie the first two also
Alvin and the Chipmunks Brian Squeakquel
Squeakquel cars I mean Jason Lee he's
everywhere
if I ever were you know to be in the bar
at sequel I'd hear about that
oh god really I should like Boris
I love Mallrats we don't like a certain
filmmaker anymore you know I don't like
him I can't say I like tusk I want to
hate his movies so bad but I still still
once in a while make something that I
enjoy sure
I know you do like tests that's weird
but you said you liked it because it's
bad it's it's just it's fascinating yeah
it's an interesting movie so I don't
know if we can count that it's like a
like crap involved in it it's not
complete crap all right
I am exporting this yeah yeah yeah good
work Jay thank you you did good work
today
yeah brain brain drink my one beer and
go home brain I'm hitting people in the
brain break open will you work I just
ran
this is great yeah he's waiting people
coming and you hit him in the brain but
then there's people like why is this
compared to drive the first one the
soundtrack is very synthetic okay and
the first one has
a kind of an esoteric plot with sharp
stings of ultraviolence so very very
similar
I just watched drive I didn't you know
and I made a discovery I hope you saw us
on Twitter I may be the only one to ever
notice this oh there's a scene have you
seen it drive yeah yes there's the scene
where the driver is wearing the stunt
mask and he looks in the window or looks
in the doorway of the the restaurant
yeah and he sees ron perlman around
Pearlman's like laughing in slow motion
the woman standing next to him oh yes
okay I'm convinced it is this b-movie
actor of slurring landon from the Maniac
Cop uh-huh
because I know a Nicholas one Dean ruff
in his fan of me comfortably in fact
he's in talks or has some interest in
remaking Maniac Cop which is so
different than everything else he's done
but I convinced that's her and I can't
find any information online to back this
up other than some people send you some
links to like on Amazon it has both
those movies elicits us for being in it
nothing on Internet Movie Database
nothing anywhere it's definitely heard
what's that the first half of the bag
drive let's drive angry
oh very civilly we did drive in an
earlier like your review isn't good or I
don't I don't I don't remember a review
means currently good do you mean do you
mean that the actual review wasn't good
are you were not positive no we gave it
a positive review but just that we
didn't bring up a whole lot of what
makes the movie your refusal Julie
review isn't it yeah it was not a great
it seems work is just lure them in and
then hit them with a pipe that's a great
plan thank you I don't like using guns
it's way more satisfying hitting people
with a pipe watches they come in I go
pipe oh so what are these people got it
I don't know I don't know in the first
game you would get a phone call in your
place and the phone call would be like
your pizza's ready come and pick up your
pizza and you have to kill everyone in a
pizza store you'd be like Mario's
babysitting service well the plot was
just you're crazy well you were kind of
like you were a hired killer there was
like an underground network thingy okay
I thought you were just insane I mean
kind of there was there was a there was
a there was no real plot just because
you're doing worse you know much much
worse
I feel like I am if that helps brain
bring come here come into my room so I
can hit you with my pipe great
so he says Jack you got a phone call at
the start of this level you were too
busy talking about comics and didn't
read the notice that that really
possible
not only how much you don't read to read
you notice that whatever to notice yeah
shut up what a thing thing thing happen
we didn't see this talking girl were see
we were talking about controversial her
she can't you Hershey's candy bar the
worst candy bar ever or the best that
was a bad joke and I know it baby seal
flavored baby seal flavored that's funny
that's funny cuz baby seals are
delicious ah crap did you do did you
break the render crap
I didn't yeah I only had a small portion
of the timeline
what the fuck what the fuck deed creep
mobile thank you for subscribing does
wondering why I was going so quick ah
think this doesn't seem right
yay stop people they're gonna do it jack
you're gonna do it I'm gonna use a gun
for this last predictable didn't you do
the walk on could you found the lock on
the proper way you could have done that
though and I want to work either that or
we could switch to the ori forest from
the Ori forest of the Ori yeah yeah
Elizabeth's which game we got to find
good co-operators Jack
I agree good co-op games do I need to
kill him apparently you did great I did
it then you have to leave - then you
have to leave - and like in the first
game and I can only seen this'll happen
later like in the first game like the
cops would be called so then you'd have
to like break out okay sometimes you
have to break out without killing anyone
or without using a gun holy shit he did
it this is John be a 20
I did I did I owe them a b-minus - it's
pretty good using using non guns is a
lot more satisfying in this game non
guns and this is it
you're welcome what can I help you with
are there to go to where a guy you think
particular in mind the cheeseburger
iwato Duke C double cheeseburger right
here my shelter
okay sure let me see here right how does
next Friday 2:00 p.m. sound Friday what
do you mean you can't do it now it has
to be today
today's a special occasion I'm
celebrating sorry boss can't help you
we're all booked up for days oh is that
so what car business whatever you see
was you kill everybody know me Oh like
the 8-bit static didn't just use regular
statically 8-bit steady
you know I saw what you see early the
trailer for pixels
he's ripping off Futurama that's like
blatantly a an episode of Futurama video
games attacking yes it's a it's a
intellectual property based on a short
they're even using the same games that
they used by drama it's based off of a
short it's based on short though 2010 I
looked it up I'm not sure the the short
it was the short was basically like a
tech demo someone might put together for
their real oh yeah where it's it's you
know real footage and then they comped
it all of the little pixel people it's
really beautiful they're called pixels
by the way hey mix it up pixels is an
Adam Sandler movie where videogames
invade the earth yes and it's based off
of this short viral video but the point
of that short video is like a like an
effect showcase basically right that's
what it looks like it was not intended
to be a story that should be expanded on
you know the Futurama EPSA cording to
the chat the Futurama episode us from
2003 or so sure mm Sam there's another
movie out right now called the cobbler
that's supposed to be terrible and I'm
interested because it's from the guy who
directed the station agents have you
ever seen that Peter Dinklage no driven
dramas and now he's doing this Adam
Sandler the cobbler as in like like shoe
guy like this elves come in and fix
issues for no he runs the shop Reid you
know takes care of shoes yeah and he
gets like magic shoes or no not magic
shoes but like if he wear some sort of
magical power where if he wears
somebody's shoes he looks like that
person and in the trailer he uses that
to try and like sleep with some dudes
wife which is horrible it just looks
terrible what yeah and I'm really
disappointed because that directors a
good filmmaker the station agents a
really good movie this is crazytown
i kid i
have said what do you get what are you
getting - man what do you can't do about
Adam salmon no murder is bad even when
it's Adam Sandler
even when it's Adam Sandler murder is
bad
always murder I think we're gonna have
to agree to disagree on the topic of
murder
oh my lady left her bathtub
what
manly San Li says it's only murder if
the one being killed has a soul I don't
know if that's true it's true with
vampires that your native Sandler has
played a vampire there you go
so you're that is a legal loophole
because Adam Sandler played a vampire I
think it's the challenge
Omni remixes jack is not finishing this
level oh that's challenge are you gonna
let that stand
are you
this guy who's a can can't shoot through
the bars I have a nightstick
okay getting out of a police station
I should probably get good know his guns
will just alert if you if you say so
and now that doors open and there's a
lot of cops in there three cops I would
not walk by that door yes video game
it's storming it's storming out no it's
okay
you timed every hit with the Thunder and
I'll hit fuckin Shawshank say that was
like three thunder strikes in a row
neither wine Antony hit them all Thunder
strikes sure you don't know I got a neck
stick man what do you need a gun for
I got a neck stick there's a guard on
the way here right now
that's good what you go around yeah well
what do you
you can probably sneak up on from going
around then under shotgun you be the
shooter sure sure but what fun would
that be I got a fucking nightstick what
fun would be life Jay why isn't he
warning the other guys oh there sure
seems to be a bloody mess over here hey
shockingly you're shocking me you guys
have to understand that I actually am
good at video games they don't believe
that no they never whether or not it's
true they don't believe that for a
second
hot hot dog so who was saying I was I
wasn't gonna do them but and I did that
I'm a first time I first go oh I guess
there's more
shit now I probably should have gotten a
gun could you have grabbed one from one
of the many guards I killed yeah it
would get me it would carry over okay oh
god what's the fucking oh yeah our
Terminator loose there's a terminator
America hit big doing flips and shit he
had two guns
do-do-do-do-do-do
it's my fucking I love my uh he takes
cover and everything don't know if it's
I think that's the super cop you mean
there's like a SWAT cop this is just
like everyone jump he's not wrong huh
he's not wrong yes I wasn't thinking
how's my problem hey come here hey come
here what this guy
yeah blood you murderous Kermit the Frog
hey piggy I think I'm going to bludgeon
you to death
I didn't mean lots of Miss Piggy's I
beat the super cop couldn't be away Here
I am wearing a pig mask
don't have your chance I just like doing
things the way I didn't before
oh okay I beat him through the wall
probably not supposed to oh yes yeah
that was his head cut off oh and the
head one flying watch out
how do you drive that gun
fuck yeah I prefer I prefer these would
you're an odd man why it's it's way more
fun playing the game with with bludgeon
weapons it's way more satisfying except
for when dealing with super cop or see
you know like everything ruins
everything else you know I need a
shotgun for one super cop come back
hey-oh
I was right on top of them whiskey
Ranger says he likes melee weapons - Gus
it's too hard to aim with a controller
what what do you Pizza train 11 says
what do you do when your neighbor
decides 10:00 p.m. at night is a good
idea to start hammering the shit out of
their wall here's what you do right
you turn the speaker up on your computer
all the way up uh-huh and then you play
the red letter media watches Resident
Evil video I don't know that might be
too diabolical
I gotta stare at the wall that's
whatever there's a really interesting
poster proper proper safety practices oh
he remembers them always swap a ladder a
safe spot the secure okay okay I in
tropical thing I was fidgeting because I
constantly fidget with things triple
kill
you'll kill triple kill
do do do do it for super got to come
back now to kill me some super
confidence good students to do
this whole spinal column came out that
time yes
Oh Oh my gun throw didn't work I was
throwing my gun at it hopes that they
think he used all your skill in the last
four I got lucky I got lucky
so we're saying Jane needs to play this
many capital letters so it's important
what do you think Jay what do you need
to play this that's fine but I've been
staring at the screen all day yeah
particularly want to concentrate on
another screen
it does look like God maybe I'll play
now I know I got a deal with those guys
before super cop - he's game these games
are like puzzles well it's like you have
to figure out is to figure out the
proper order in which to do things
losing the mojo a bit
hello fine fuck it you know what fuck
you super cow I'll just wait about that
alright wait and first you forgot
it's like a bottle of pills or something
that says hey this right here yeah
that's his head
yeah that's awesome you guy that never
comes out of the door you decide to
fucking come out of your door fuck you
it's the thing you ripped off the top of
his body from where his head used to be
I'll fucking take it yeah the purple
things is cap let's try a different Oh
but why are you killing all these cops
oh there's no story I mean I was in jail
I wasn't paying attention
yeah they did arrest me okay I am
wondering if you wouldn't like manhunt
oh yeah yeah it's gritty like this
gritty
oh fuck you guy didn't see cheap cheap
VHS tape as a running theme throughout
the game oh yeah yeah
like whenever you whenever you execute
somebody it's it's shown from the point
of view of a VHS camera that's hidden
somewhere
what you do it's really upsetting that
you can't take his guns
I don't know I think the shotguns better
well the world an empty though really
get six balls yeah
wow that that long-range projectile
weapon was really effective just
significantly less fun that's the real
thing you know it is fun know what not
constantly dying having to start the
level over sure I think I just killed
the whole bowl no real people probably
need to go
yes
can you not shoot that window now you
can ask you guys I have to get that door
doesn't open
is that even a suit doesn't have oh hey
this is our own super confidence keys
get her
that was the movie okay I don't know
about this movie thing yeah
also not feeling that definitely like
I'm not feeling this game as much as the
original the original like I definitely
locked on with more well it's different
it looks pretty much the same to me it
looks the same it feels different in
what way that's the this is the problem
that's that's a terrible it's what they
should know I'm going to try to
articulate I thought about it for a
second I don't know maybe like it could
simply be that the first game there was
nothing like this and so like that
freshness made it a little more exciting
but because it looks so similar to
bullshit some soup bullshit I'm saying
perhaps I don't know this is this is
similar to your I don't like early
access game because the hype dies down
argument that's the mechanics feel the
same speed the same aim the same no you
know what I do you this is a real fun
runs seem bigger zombie locusts thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated the rooms feel bigger and so
there's a lot more you know what there's
there's a lot more need for guns and the
first one you could clear whole levels
with just your fists and so I think that
takes away some of the
intensity yeah what the fuck what the
fuck ooh 3 R K 0 r 3 oh thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
two months in a row I know I know that
was hacks or speech but I don't give a
shit you use you type of numbers as part
of your name you shouldn't be so rich
that's we're skipping all this
we were skipping all the story
I was probably supposed to go outside of
course you're skipping a story I don't
care what story I mean for now yeah I
made everybody in the last stream watch
cutscene four times what why would you
do that
watch the twice in the beginning uh cuz
one one time I was playing it was just
the part of the games like Idol screen I
didn't know when I started the game and
started playing you know as part of
beginning again but it's not because you
know why not here's my penance by the
way for kids skipping the cutscene we're
gonna kill her what to do god dammit
what do I do
what can you do nothing well obviously
you can't do anything in here with them
can you do anything I'll get used to the
phone what's around the corner
oh that doesn't look like an exit
whatever
oh yeah
you'll get visits right you should give
this a try it i I mean I will give it a
try lawyers it's like I'm gonna have to
set this up for like a mouse and
keyboard and I'm gonna water I'm gonna
want a Rica jigger with the keys Lulla
straight to already in the magic force
yeah a little real magic for us oh my
god I wasn't I didn't even know I was
supposed to do that now trying to revive
him that's funny no let him die
what
I don't think they're trying to kill you
they are now they weren't before maybe
you're supposed to walk in you're all
right there so you need an invitation to
get him I don't think so no you have to
maybe you hit him and then you don't it
didn't seem like there were a hurry to
kill you sure if I danced kill many
tries to resuscitate him oh my god what
did i do man
oh no no let him die no die no die
fucking Billy you try resuscitator yeah
when I say fuck that let me die and I'm
totally right by the way you told me you
see Peter off I got punched by a d-stick
alright
I tried punching the statue killed skip
think you just knock him down and walk
in do you have to kill him I mean you
probably have to kill him listen I want
to kill him
this is the game the game is he killed
people
hey everyone I'm the Chad thinks you've
broken me Chad thinks I've broken the
game yeah what do you mean it's a glitch
that happens here punching the statue
oh this - no I think I've punched the
statue in one of the see look the guards
do slowly try to kill me
so yeah I can't get out okay okay I have
to go we're just fine that's the other
thing like in the other game you know
you there's one character that you play
as and so you kind of get drawn into the
madness of the story there's you're 18
different people this year is so far
I've been a different person every
chapter
that seems annoying oh look that this
time I said something all right so what
was going on earlier was basically a
glitch yeah okay
kill
why not killing it why those guys had
guns up there some topic
what
they did I'm not supposed to use that
I'm not supposed to you can I pick up
anything that you had a bat earlier yeah
weird you're back oh oh oh this is
I think you're supposed to use that only
now
if you found the the area where you're
supposed to only use melee oh yeah they
don't want you killing people okay dick
dick dick dick dick dick Oh dick what
fuck fuck these long hallways Hey
do you get a lot more female attention
in Milwaukee now that you're well-known
I'm engaged and Jack is buried this so
no my wife pays me the exact same amount
of attention which is none hey how's it
going I see you have a vet too that's
cool I got hung up on the stairs was she
patch thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
four months in a row why she sounds
globes I think all this pixelated
violence is giving me a headache just
waiting to the new Adam Sandler movie
pixels there's nothing you can do to
distract them
it's like you have to be on the up on
the same level so they have to climb all
the stairs but I want to make sure I had
I wanted to make sure I had a good exit
path so that's why I have a bit of a
span I'm okay with that
this guy is swings the bat a little
slower really yeah that seems annoying
well I think like that's that his whole
thing is like I don't want to hurt
anybody man
okay I was obviously going to come with
a gun nothing strange going on here
too many dudes close the dolphin I'll
lure them in I just use that door yeah
just use that it's fine
I'm gonna take a break after this
okay
I think that's it one over here
I just gotta find Pete or
what's-his-face yeah sure
what's-his-face Mick that guy yep he's
in there yeah okay shit
apparently this guy doesn't throw that
area where are you or you owe him you'd
be truth and writing a book about the
mess mask made a mess Mindy ugh I don't
think I think Berto told me I could talk
to you about it we're both Russian
detective Bartle told you that he's a
friend of yours and you do him that who
you did you do that guy that's not
Russian
oh you that's right sir yeah it's not a
very good now I lost my Russian voice
now I lost my Russian voice Jack oh no
the knife is the night is ruined
that's a very good friend I take it
sending you here of all places
no I reckon you're right about that sir
this book you're fighting it must be
very important to you
missing your life to come talk to me you
sure got balls don't what is it you want
to know you get two questions then
you'll get the fuck out of here all
right
the police claims the mass murders were
part of a vigilante movement are you of
the same opinion no I don't think they
were vigilantes they were much too
organized they know our exact locations
and that insight into our inner workings
I don't know what they were a part of
but there's no group of vigilantes why
do you think they targeted the Russian
mafia specifically
Dennis Hopper yeah right now
what were the after you gotta throw in
some unnecessary man's what were they
after me and I cannot tell you that but
they I can't tell you what they were
after but they effectively destroyed our
whole organization and then they were
done gone they knew what they were doing
and this seemed to be trained very well
we got a couple of them a wife try to
break them
none of them talked not a single one all
right no more questions
get the hell out of my sight aah break
your window man like sorry about ya
just send me the bill I'll go over here
sorry about killing you DJ me and what
Samantha well well yeah that guy Pete
Rove he wouldn't see me almost got
beaten up just trying to get in there
yeah and sometimes they wonder why I
hang out with you when did you become
such a douchebag
didn't tell you to write about them
Miami where later instead didn't deny
much more sophisticated Ches really I
guess no you wouldn't
I've been finished my line but was blind
line oh I'm the cop now yeah we for me
almost over
my sickness okay I'm done playing yeah
take a break take a break good mutters
engine brake well I got most mouths over
to the program work on my clicking on
where's my mouse yeah yeah Brett your
mouse though we're not streaming I could
I cut I cut the stream we're not we're
done we're completely done we're gonna
say what we want Jay both shots look
very nice thank you jack

[Part II]
I'm gonna update the stream will say
Maximo
it still says spelunky Oh oopsie doops
was this one called Orie
his name is Ori Ori and the blind forest
all right up dated I want bridge to play
hotline Miami won a lot of Miami one is
pretty much the jam pretty much I played
I played it and beat it on the Vita a
great great Vita game great Vita port
you know just pick up a level five
minutes here five minutes there looked
fantastic
someone steamy other day was was
commenting I reviewed it there you know
wrote up something review for steam but
they said but you're only you only have
like an hour and a half plane it's a
wall man steam I eat a dog Jane will you
continue your vlogs yes I have been
unable to do them for the last few days
oh but I'm going to get back into it
soon great I got a lot of things to talk
about so I have to continue yeah you do
mm-hmm
someone has to say these things it's all
I always I always enjoy you know hearing
your off-the-cuff opinions oh thank you
I appreciate that Jack so I I do hope
you keep it up you know like a little J
little vlog brothers you know
vlogbrothers huh is that a vlog yeah the
vlogbrothers yeah kind of a pimple on
there the vlog I don't know man yeah as
a part of log culture myself I feel like
I should be aware of these things but I
don't know cuz you do your own thing
that's true yeah I don't want other
people's influence you know yeah I even
material uh so it's probably best that I
don't pay attention to it probably you
know it is we were in chat time we in
the magic forest we're going for night
Ori in the Med magical blind forests
this is the the game a lot of people are
talking about this
yeah this is a this is the big indie
game of the moment along with hotline
Miami - is that an indie game hotline
Miami - yeah I mean I guess by the
graphics and stuff it's not like a a big
one but I feel like I know what it is so
I feel like it's a big game if I've
heard it I've talked about it a lot so
you know I have you heard about me here
I don't know where I would have heard
about it but rich you don't need to play
checkers
but bridge needs to finish there's gonna
be a surprise Jack uh-huh it was gonna
be a CPM and I wanted to ruin it because
now playing jibber gibbering
that Mouse is so loud as it moves on
that table mr. strache mal that's
exactly why we should play it in stream
he says we mr. Chadha smile says he
doesn't think we should play ori because
he's played it and we're just gonna get
lost and not know what to do
and I think is that every game you play
that's every game we play but also I
think you guys a little bit enjoy that
Oh
checkers checkers hype is real you seem
to hate checkers I I think it's funny
I think it's funny oh you know we were
nothing stopping us from Jan I am good
at gaming sometimes you get lost in a
game and that's okay it's okay to get
lost as long as you find your way Oh
what Metroid is that the whole point
about that is that it's all nothing
wrong with getting lost in a game
so you're actually playing against
somebody right yeah
okay unless they they they leave their
computer takes over oh we do need
another wiki Wars that was a lot of fun
wiki Wars was a lot of fun I don't know
if we can play it again because some
jerks I know we're changing the
Wikipedia play pages as we were playing
them and if you guys do that is totally
cheating somebody added me to the
Wikipedia page for possession like the
night I saw it I was so like I loved it
so much and I tweeted it I was like one
of the best things ever and somebody
added that so the way it's like why as
part of critical research part of
critical reception that was a weird
thing to end and he didn't like
immediately I think it was that same
night it was not a baby Slayer one five
six thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate
oh you don't want me to have a bad
opinion of the game because I'll get
lost in it man I mean listen nothing you
can do about that this is brother
playing you could not get lost you could
play the game better I could play the
game but you weren't playing it
correctly that's frequently the case
I've been told a parent what oh yeah is
you just need to play right
apparently Frank Miller's Wikipedia page
got changed to say that he wrote the
ninja rap oh yeah still on there that's
from our wheel the worst episode I know
that someone added that I don't know but
it's still on there I think that's great
I think that's great I I do not condone
changing Wikipedia submissions for
comedic purposes only factual purposes
facts are really just opinions I really
don't think that's true I mean really
once you get really deep down into I
really don't think that's true what the
fuck what the fuck Saphir Ian it's a
theory set Fran I want to say it's set
Fran thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate all
my time I did mine Shatner for the other
day it's standard rich can you do a
Scottish accent I can say less less less
e IL si el se oh we're playing ahoy a
bit - checkers I don't know if they are
playing a wave but the checkers here I
don't know if even Scottish people can
do Scottish accents they're hard I think
that's great that wikipedia says that JJ
Bowman from red letter media tweeted
possession floor game amazing movie
fucking gut-wrenching what somebody had
that I will you know what let's say
years down the line or not not even
years let's say like later this year
someone finds possession and says oh I
wonder if this was a hits before and I
wonder if people are still talking about
the magic and they see Wikipedia did it
Oh a modern film pretty good this is
still the modern film quote unquote so
that makes sense to me okay I'm glad I
can be a part of possession history yes
because it's the best it's the best
thing
because it's the best there ever was
gonna have a break
I played geometry wars did you ever play
geometry wars fucking breaking yes not
much endless twin stick shooter colorful
great music
yeah geometry wars was great that was
one of my very first Xbox purchases Xbox
360 purchases beautiful game
what's wrong with Colton making a game
called geometry peace Jeff where's
always gonna be war geometry peace might
I think that's that's just like geometry
that's the score that's boring a
hypotenuse what did they make new
versions of number munchers
remember number munchers is there an
updated version of that somewhere there
has to be I'm gonna look this up there
has to be those new educational video
games that are still crap
you can play it for free on line number
munchers dot work oh well there you go
super hexagon yes I don't know what the
question is but super hexagon is an
amazing game no it's just the game I
don't think there are any updated
versions of number munchers
somebody get on that apparently the red
letter media wiki page includes it has
also been revealed rich has a dislike of
the condom and mustard I don't know why
that's important you guys that's funny
J we're not we're not gonna talk about
later there oh yeah I know that's not a
popular opinion to not like Blade Runner
but I'm sure - I think it's a snoozefest
there's there's great looking movie yeah
we're just looking movie I think I'm
talking about Blade Runner in here
before yeah that's why they're bringing
it up oh well I mentioned in the alien
commentary - oh that's more recent thing
there you go great looking movie great
looking movie great looking after
everyone else is of the opinion that
Blade Runner is a great movie in general
just look you know opinion that's fine I
want to like Blade Runner I've tried
over the years so many times because
it's like I know I should love this and
I it doesn't do anything for me
I'm with J yeah for the most part yeah
are you crazy - beautiful visually it's
kind of boring to watch crazy atmosphere
the atmosphere that's all not everything
that's not everything
I'm just four counts for a lot yeah but
not everything it's not a great
detective story it's kind of a boring
don't care at all about Harrison Ford in
it
every couple years I watch it to see if
maybe all connected with it this time
and I just never do when you're ready
just let me know I want to want to you
are you supposed to not like Harrison
Ford because he is kind of he is
supposed to be a kind of maybe robot
right yeah and I think Ridley Scott
himself beside he is yes yes and I think
that's supposed to his distance is
supposed to come across it's convenient
it's gonna be fun where did we not get
to what I've talked about we're done but
Blade Runner this is a controversial
topic we're not gonna talk about it
anymore
back to Barbara Gordon's rape I mean she
was never raped it was only implied she
was only shot the spine while the Joker
took naked picture pictures right that's
horrifying
she was a very sexually assaulted not
right that's The Killing Joke
right yes yes I know that intense stuff
I remember eating that cuz my brother
had it so I read it when I was pretty
young
that's when the Joker became big yeah
yeah no really when he became serious
business since the minor Joker was
basically born out of The Killing Joke
yeah oh okay no before then he was
mostly just a clown themed crook okay
people thought of him more like the
Cesar Romero yeah yes okay I don't know
that's interesting
who did the killing joke that wasn't
Frank Miller Ellen Ellen Moir that's
right the other one this is the two guys
regular and Alan Moore for what it's
worth as much as I like Frank Miller
Alan Moore far more talented yeah I mean
I don't know Frank Miller's got his
stick but yeah exactly
Frank Miller has won an award finned
fucking fascist Ellen more violence and
misogyny that's pretty much it yes which
you know at the time comic books didn't
have any of that so now I'm sure it was
like oh how interesting what a fund oh
that's all you do okay excuse me
no I wait I do love your one and that's
not about misogyny sure all right
I never run your one back I read Dark
Knight Returns oh Lord I have the the
sequel to Dark Knight Returns which is
supposed to be batshit crazy yeah I
haven't read it
my brother let me borrow cuz I heard
that it was supposed to be like terrible
yeah I'm crazy
I've had it for years I mean I still
haven't read it
since DC said their movies will be
edgier than Marvel's they should adapt
The Killing Joke yes that'll go over
like gangbusters I can see their toy
line terrible toy line DC no fun allowed
nope
serious business put on that cave don't
fight crime because when we got dark we
made a little bit of money and so we're
gonna hold on to that for the rest of
our careers
everything will be dark Allen character
regardless of if it makes sense or not
right right there are any non cape
graphic novels that I enjoy them I've
been on the record is loving preacher
mmm-hmm preacher some great shit with
Megan Fox as Barbara Gordon right
exactly they were past Megan Fox she's
not real yes she's not wandering anymore
she is not a thing anymore almost done
well Ori in the magic forest oh great
great
oh I think someone just did something
funny but I'm checking yes I've read why
the last man I terrible ending
nothing nothing missed no satisfying
resolution of why the last man
a great premise amazing first issue
okay just falters after a while they go
what's happening
if everyone what I like to enjoy
something you can go to the blade
remember could be it fade oh no and
under critical reception I'm going there
right now the very last sentence je why
don't you read the very last sentence of
the critical reception what does it say
well I should read a couple sentences
beforehand to work up to it
Blade Runner holds a 91% rating on
Rotten Tomatoes with an average score of
8.4 out of 10 from 96 reviews the site's
main consensus reads misunderstood when
it first hit theaters the influence of
Ridley Scott's mysterious neo-noir Blade
Runner has deepened with time a visually
remarkable achingly human sci-fi
masterpiece J Bowman of red letter media
says it's a snooze fest that's perfect
that's beautiful I know I shouldn't
encourage them but I think it's funny
they'll probably it probably won't be
it's not like this information it's not
Frank Miller stuff
there's dramatic Sun oh great
damnit
it supports everyone there the monitors
there's so many cords
kind of jumps
but it kind of jumps Oh
yeah he's pretty adorable
don't want to be too judgmental but this
feels like another Oscar babe the
videogame you know might be there there
are usually with in d2d side-scrollers
look if the game is good I can put up
with a lot yeah but but you know there's
there's usually two fairs for these one
is like one is hyper you're you're super
meat boys game may have stopped and then
Ori and the blind forest give up it
could it could be we crashed or there's
your arty as fuck there's your or YZ
there's your Limbo's there's your braids
there's your fries in game crash so
we're gonna try again apparently hotline
Miami was still running in the
background maybe that fuck would thanks
they want
oh that's bad I mean that's definitely
fucker things yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
unplug your damn Xbox controller you
know I know I don't
she doesn't like my Xbox controller FTL
is not a 2d side-scroller so it doesn't
count as anything yeah swap swap arisen
are Deus fuck I'm trying to think of
more examples of Hyper's bond oh you
know they believe pixels is actually a
mix between a hyper and an RTS fuck I'm
good it's we're skipping the prologue
yeah skip that fucking cutscene do you
know what you're doing is that don't
door yet I don't know what I'm doing
fizzy skip the prologue yes
oh my god I don't want people to watch
them all the things we already saw
sure and maybe I needed a prologue cuz
now I don't know what I'm doing I don't
know what any of these controls do you
right to left here whoa
OOP oh yeah beautiful Joe the beautiful
Joe is a great a great hyper beautiful
Joe is just a great guy hyper a hyper as
far as the two styles of your 2d side
scrollers okay if you were to compare
something like hyper what's the other
one
yeah Artie is fuck I kinda like hyper
yeah oh I like I like hyper - Artie as
fuck is tends to be a little too slow
for me oh I'm out of here
hi Jay nice night good night goodbye
everybody
thank you for updating Bladerunner
Wikipedia page I'm glad my voice can be
heard
have a good night Shadow of the Colossus
is not a 2d side-scroller I'm talking
specifically about 2d side-scroller z--
and i know these aren't real terms these
are not real game terms I'm making them
up he looks cool
I don't know how what am I supposed to
do oh I don't know what I'm supposed to
do okay
it's those things I'm sure the only
thing I can do so far is jump oh they go
oh
you did it oh wait so is this Orie I
don't know
that's next to pick up the tiny light I
can only assume this is Orie oh the RT
furriness can kind of go fuck itself ha
ha ha it can go fuck itself yeah oh
you're beautiful host of sad news and
Lloyds oh shovelknight yeah shovel
that's a great example of a hyper
we've discussed that before you might
need to be new to the stream rlm slash
previously recorded is Rich's main job
rich works for a red letter media
full-time I help out where I can but I'm
a freelance video producer on my own and
you know obviously I earn a little bit
thanks to these twitch streams which is
great but but I also just make videos on
my own boring and corporate videos and
internet viral marketing campaigns and
gay porn
didn't you have a porn story I did have
a for my it wasn't a very good I mean is
that a good yeah yeah but it's poor
story so we may as well tell them I
think I told it before but the porn star
is as a freelance video producer there
are some times where the work does not
come easy and I was in talks with a
pornography company to edit pornography
and they asked if I would be okay
editing gay pornography and you know I
had no income at the time as happens
sometimes and so it's just like fuck
yeah whatever
I ended up it ended up not working out I
didn't get the job they could probably
they could probably sense that I was a
little hesitant or maybe I don't or you
know I imagine most people there to do
this hesitant sure they're probably used
to that I would assume I don't know but
it never worked out so I never actually
had to deal with it I don't know how
long I would have lasted glad I'm good
I'm glad it never came up I don't know
if I could have I don't know if I could
have dealt with that mm-hmm with editing
gay pornography
but uh I have an ability point oh there
you go
how do I spend an ability point well
what are my abilities you can get Jared
Flint mom or can you unlock them
apparently I have to only do this one oh
okay uh-huh this worries this where I
can spend my ability point what is this
what is this you can use an ability
point on the ability to use the ability
treat where's my ability treat is this
that's not a tree that's a circle is
this an ability circle or they're
calling an ability tree for some unknown
reason I have yet to fathom where's that
fat thing I missed that fat thing that I
started the game as the part that you
needed
where's the fat thing I want my fat
thing back so this has branching skill
trees
this has RPG elements I don't I think
you're wrong about that ability point
cuz there's nothing that's letting me
upgrade in here weird and you like it
when you press a nothing happens on
those nothing's happening
great
I get out of here
oh my god that's exactly what I do it
would be star wipes over all of the
climaxes that's a thing you know it
wouldn't work I'm glad it never came to
whether or not whether or not like I
needed to do it but you know oh there
looks like a secret over there
we're down dumb okay did it the gained
an ability for wait B to be rushing be
there we go oh my god there's a tree
there's an ability tree that's it's not
really a tree just kind of three
straight lines but they made curved so
it seemed kind of aggressive tree that
implies multiple branches it more like
it's more like an ability vine or maybe
it's a business ability this is the
ability coke line it's an ability bush
sure why not yeah I've never edited
anything like weird I I ended up I've
edited boring things like people have
had me edit together they're there they
give like corporations or our speakers
will have me edit together like a speech
of theirs with their PowerPoint
presentation which is the most boring
thing in the world did you edit the
Dunkin Donuts finishing video with Bob
Rosenberg yes
so it's just boring it's just boring
stuff where it's like syncing up a PDF
with someone talking about corporate
strategies some what judgments a
question was poor the problem or it was
gay porn the problem um probably both
the big I think the bigger problem for
me would have been gay porn
I have nothing you know you don't know
what to do with that because right field
you because how do you let it feel to me
I don't know I don't know
it would be weird me watching gay porn
in general yeah mostly because I'm not
gay but I have no problem with porn in
general I but I also think it would be
weird to edit regular porn I don't know
if I would have what about irregular
porn that all I'd be down with that what
constitutes irregular porn I don't I
don't think anything does it's all weird
you know I don't I don't even know I
don't know if I could do straight porn
either but like I said I'm glad I'm glad
I don't have to worry about it Jean you
could add some art to it Jack I would
get rid of every single straight porn
now it's all just close-up of the
genitals there's no there's no art there
there's no emotion no feeling is there
close up with that dirt we need more
dick where's that where's that dick
going yeah I like that thick you could
revolutionize an industry oh I'm sure
other people have already oh that's what
I'm still running
no it's for height I don't like I said
if it would have come - it would have
comes where you gotta gotta pay the
bills got a feed gotta gotta feed
yourself but I'm glad I'm glad I never
had to deal with it oh oh
fancy
we need more shots of this man's asshole
exactly I'm not cut out oh that's a dick
neutral I would get rid of every single
behind the balls shot in the porno
that's that would be my life goal every
single undercarriage shot I don't know
who decided we needed these in porn
movies it would be it would be my work
to get rid of them
but anyway that's it's it's not a very
good story like I said because nothing
really happened with it but so this game
is Japanese oh because we're going left
to right well first of all we're going
right to left
yeah yeah I said that wrong because I do
think these things cuz I'm rich Evans
yes and while I get it yeah and the joke
I wrote the joke you kind of ruin the
joke and also like yeah Japanese games
kind of invented going right from what
that's fine it's a language joke J so I
use a language joke no they didn't know
it's an American invention one left to
right pitfall pitfall motherfucker oh
there you go all right there you go
I'll take it the low angle in this porn
indicates dominance yeah you're right
it's not super exciting so far I know
it's early in the game it's a pretty
platformer it's it's pretty that's
exactly what it looks like oh you need
more anymore it says press X to open the
gate I'm pressing X you have to hold X
and open before did it uh do you need
another glue block only one of them only
one of the handles is I know but it's
saying X to open the spirit gate you
need another glue block all right see on
the top right I think that says one did
I think you need to alright alright is
one of is what I'm only using context
clues but that this is my this is my
guest
ah yeah they're saying in the chat that
you are missing a gym all right
you need another glowy banana rich find
it the glowy banana ba da da whoa find
the glowy banana set is that terminology
from your porn editing days
oh yeah you know you just get in the
global banana circle round the dooblidoo
p-- and yeah and you're good to go
motherfucker you have to know do I
yep top right oh okay okay
it says to know there's one glowy thing
following me I guess that's a different
glowy thing that's not related all right
all right all right get your bananas in
order rich you got your ability bush and
you're going bananas everything you need
for porn everything personally I prefer
to ability bushes I like that big of a
David don't go in the back door though
so you can fight things you just it's
like an auto target globe then just you
hit axe and just shoots everything okay
my guess is you need some sort of a
charge yeah attack yeah yeah whoa this
is uh this is neat looking yeah
you can now retain more vitality find
more life cells to occur over yeah
that's fine that's yeah sure sure lady
sure lady whatever you say lady get on
my get on my glowy banana
Kevin bike toy we put it on my glowy
banana get you and your bananas I like
bananas they're high in potassium an
insoluble fiber
whoo your soul link is ready whatever
that means
do you know what that mean I don't know
what that means
well there you go
and we don't know what you're doing in
the game yet your stitch from Lilo &
Stitch and you're jumping around the
forest oh you're white glowy stitch
white glowy stitch he's probably a lot
nicer to space at the end but he still
had attitude yeah he did
this little thing doesn't have attitude
oh okay it's a heavy spirit first thing
this is it this is a radioactive spirit
monkey yeah yeah I am one with the trees
if you get too close to me I'll kill you
slowly you get too close I'll use my
auto kill or that was neat the formula
for Gower a foreground frog what thing
up there I can't even get up there Jack
okay what do you want me to put it what
do you want to do Jack what do you want
me to do I'm listening
oh I didn't know if you could double
jump or anything oh oh oh secret
well I die jack I died doing your thing
but you found a secret rich oh no I
didn't save and I didn't do a save you
thing save oh it doesn't have like save
points oh you know I like I like that I
like that
oh I dislike that
if you press the select button to view
the map
it'll also show you where to go oh okay
okay
Thank You mr. Kaiba oh you probably need
to go back down there and get the other
globe Anita do you know where all the
globin in us are don't you jack
whoa that's the where you got it last
time up there no where did you get go
buddy I don't remember where the globin
Ana came from press select baby I'll
tell you is that a globe Anita
bye-bye nothing stops and globin Anna
for God says yes a good good god man and
rich understands that he needs to make
more safe hoists he understands that
more than ever
no I don't know if I can stop saying no
but I know wait you got to make the safe
point
why don't I pay more attention when they
showed me these wings I'm just gonna I
know I don't know I I just like that in
games like this idea I feel like that's
flow breaking there I can't stand it
when you play a game and then there's
infinite lives and then you die and then
you start again a foot away for you die
I can't stand that point even playing
the fucking game at that point
I'm not saying you need to start away a
foot away from where you die but you
know like maybe maybe some small you
know after you go through the the globin
and a door for example it'll save that
would be a nice safe place oh by the way
rich that would be an unsafe point
I don't remember how to do the same
thing cuz I you hold the button I'm so
used to auto-saves at this point you
know I don't really like them but I
don't I wasn't paying enough attention
wanna talk about savings I'm just
thinking idle saved I don't need to know
this shit it's gonna do it for me I want
to say Abby button yeah oh you can do it
anywhere yeah oh I like that
I like that a lot look I can't I guess I
need to find a thing - lets me do it
writers alright alright
I do like save points not in every game
but in certain games they they make
sense
you're being very clever for mochi for
saying jack confirm for liking save
points just like an FTL binding lies
against one key obviously those are
different games why don't you calm your
tits Charlotte it's why do they need to
become I want uncompensated sit are
active because his tits are flapping oh
give me boys give me some hyperactive
tits
that's counted I like yeah yeah they see
that's the thing like guacamelee I think
candles save points correctly where it's
not like obviously if you fall off a
ledge boo me but you're back you're back
to it but I like walk Amalia but that
part of it does annoy me it does then
there's some platforming so difficult
it'll be irritating without it but I
mean yeah and doesn't feel like there
are many consequences for failure in
that game no no there aren't and that
that doesn't know me about it guacamelee
yeah sure
hyperactive tits another porn video
right
why does this game seem so much like My
Little Pony what I does it I assumed
that My Little Pony had some sort of
pony in it I don't I don't know
do you just mean that it's colorful and
whimsical I think so on this this is
already 40 indie game come on
oh do you want to access your ability
tree rich did you give yourself
abilities yeah gave myself one do you
have an ax you have to go to the glowy
thing over there oh Jesus Christ I can't
go to the glowy thing over there I'm
barn there you go
maybe make a safe point I don't have any
ability things to spend I thought you
had two I'd use those earlier oh okay
whatever that thing is it looks like a
pony i its on its hind leg how the hell
does this look like a pony it's like a
salamander thing a pony it looks like a
stitch you know what a pony is people
don't know thanks it's a stitch that's
exactly what it is okay you use you oh
you do have one more point yeah can you
skip ahead probably not nope I'm just
curious
but I do it even-steven no sure cuz I
don't know what I'm doing sure
even-steven it does look like a Pokemon
it looks exactly the money they like a
pokemon that I can see that makes a lot
more sense than the stupid pony thing I
mean the pony thing was just stupid oh
my god what is that this is a hearty fur
do you think that's Mewtwo right there
that is totally arty-farty look at that
oh oh there's so much hard rich
this game is a challenge to rich
question work right now I'm just kind of
fucking around I'm not I'm not playing
hardcore right now I'm just kind of
jumping around and if I die I don't I
don't really care yeah it's kind of
talking with Jack and looking at the
pretty visuals yeah that's fine it looks
fine
I can't get up oh okay first rate I was
trying to jump up and grab it
sure instead of waiting for a button
prop to come up tell me I had to hold
the button prop suck in the energy
that's trying to actually actively do
something myself in a weird that'd be
nice wouldn't that be nice rich so I
figured I could jump up and then I would
grab it and then like the power wouldn't
come to me there ya know as a guy it's a
good but you can do shit now what can I
do now
what can I do you can well wall jump I
like em all all right say I told ya I'm
not paying much attention probably
should have been you weren't even paying
attention to the button problem after
you did the button prompt not really
okay well yeah I guess I'm just talking
you should pay attention to I'm talking
you don't have to pay attention to all
the bullshit of the game but pay
attention to that yeah oh definitely um
this is the the arty party Metroid clone
definitely soul link is ready what does
that mean no it's oh no that's safe to
say okay you can save
which is fine like I I will never
complain about there being more
Metroid's in the world I'm not entirely
convinced that's the best analogy in
what Metroid
I mean platformer where you get stuck in
an area that you can't get out and so
they get a new ability which will that
ability will make you reach new will say
to be seen to be determined yeah for
foreground frog foreground frog is a
tough thing to say foreground frog
foreground frog frog on frog horn
foreground frog horn you know what
there's a puzzle here and the prompt
didn't come up and say you need to move
the block over to jump a hey I give him
credit hey give him credit I had to
figure that out completely on my own
first someone someone to hurt us
complaining about the button prompt and
whatnot and is asking how we feel it's
best to integrate the story and gameplay
into something like a 2d platformer its
first button prompts well you can have
people talking without button prompts
sure sure yeah you don't need the button
promise I think you know the text the
text came up which is fine that's how
you would read it but the idea there
were games a long time before there were
button props yeah I think you can look
at you can look at the first Metroid
game or Super Metroid I think does it
even better Super Metroid 2 really nails
it I started being a 2d platformer that
handles its story very well through
gameplay
Metro is a snoozefest
yeah for some people that's that's why J
does not like Blade Runner he thinks
it's a snoozefest
I like both slow and deliberate I like I
like guacamole more than I like Metroid
guacamelee is different combo combats
really fun and guacamole with the combos
and what yeah that's true
mr. ed you just shooting the thing shit
different different pace there's a door
around here somewhere where the fuck it
was you don't think it was down here you
can press the leg then open up your mat
yeah I caught I suppose
oh no that's where I am where am i I am
there's two glowy things on the map the
small glowy thing and the big glowy
thing I'm assuming I am the small nope
the smuggler thing is your safe point oh
okay all right so I guess I gotta go up
there should that make sense doesn't
make sense
how would dragons dragons lair something
as compared to us and our button prompt
to talk dragon slayers a whole different
beast that is a whole reckons lair yeah
that's basically the order right right
I'm not I've never liked Dragon's Lair
no no it was again Dragon's Lair was was
kind of a tech demo where they were just
seeing what they could get away dragon's
lair was a gimmick cuz you got to
remember Dragon's Lair came out in the
pac-man days yeah basically and then you
see this game with this basically you
know almost movie quality animation not
basically it had movie quality yeah yeah
and it tricks your brain and thinking
that your graphics are really good but
it's just an animation playing and you
have to press a button every now and
then wipe the order exactly exactly
it's dragon's lair gets a bit of a pass
because of the time and because I ate
drains lair I'm not even giving it a
pass because at the time oh it doesn't
get a pass it's a bad game
it says it's always been a bad game to
be a good game it's still a very bad
game it gets it gets a pass because of
the cultural of the oddity you know
uh-huh
at the time nothing like that existed
and so we can talk about it now and you
know we it is its own where's the
entrance to that I don't know so weird
literal it is not a good game I will
never say it's a good game but like I'm
not I'm not going to be harsh on it
because they didn't know any better if
that makes any sense
you can't be mad at a child for doing
something they didn't know they
shouldn't do you just have to tell them
not to do that anymore ooh
it got tarzo it guitars oh thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
that's champion platforming
does it count as a game seeing as how
it's limited and moves
um it does which on Dragon's Lair
unlike the order dragons lair has fail
states to be fair some of the QuickTime
events in the or and fail states sure
but you gotta keep in mind even the ones
that did have fail states uh you had
forever and a day to hit the button oh
yeah people call it QuickTime events
that's not a quick side of that no it's
a slow time of it it's a time event it's
an event right you have enough time to
do your taxes before actually hitting
the button it's a joke is what it is
it's it's not good listen dragon
Dragon's Lair is not good but like I
said if if those types of games like it
can you had you call it a game I
technically it's a game right
technically the order is a game I was
one down there oh did I restart I didn't
grab that one I must have died while I
was talking about no we're not gonna get
deep into the order but these do we're
not gonna snot talked about it either
I understand it's the first thing to
talk about it's fair thing to talk about
they they are yeah where you coming
coming up with controllers need to
evolve I thought I updated this dream it
should be it should be with ovary in the
blind for
yeah what about controllers oh they're
just saying controllers need to innovate
games need to innovate I think both
let's work on both you know I think III
rich and I were talking about this
earlier I am really excited to get my
hands on this valve steam box controller
I want to know what all the hubbub is
about I think it's not gonna have enough
buttons good buttons will have are gonna
be awkward to use could be probably
better for a shooter than a regular
controller mm-hmm but I think I will
still end up preferring a mouse a
keyboard sure you probably will I wonder
for someone like me who is it's a good
question I don't know yeah I'm excited
I'm excited to get my hands on something
like that what are the game Sam what am
I supposed to do I don't know you got an
achievement for it though oh that's good
I'm waiting for earth to happen art is
happening oh here's art it's here art
came
I still think the steam box is gonna end
up being a failure I could see that I
could see that after our discussion I'm
I'm looking forward to - it's coming out
during a bad time to be coming out with
a new console yeah cuz just fresh
generation brand new consoles out and no
good games to plan any of them though
console markets and shambles right
fucking now yep
expensive games the development the
developers are selling to the wrong
market they're selling this to PC gamers
who already have steam and a decent PC
we're not gonna need a wanna steam box
and making a lot of mistakes yeah one
the one nice thing about a console is
you don't have to worry about fucking
hardware is everybody's got the same
shit
there's gonna be like different versions
of the steam box and which one's better
than the other I don't fucking know the
price point is ridiculous yeah well I
like fellas valve well enough yeah I
steamed for being DRM and it is but I
think this one's gonna bite them in the
ass yeah good it 100% couldn't I agree
someone in the chat saying that the
steam controller will outsell the steam
box five to one probably yes ten to one
by the way ten to one I think this is
the problem is is like like Richard
saying there's no there's no market for
this console market is incredible right
now what do you say that John eight
twenty what do you say that just because
they're powerful what are the lists what
has been the great pencil game jeez Jen
that's Jesus Christ was that oh okay I
looked at the ROM name that's right
sorry sorry John we're not we would
never we would never say that you said
that she's okay if he thinks that anyway
I'm just it's an opinion that's
different a mine that's fine
was there a response no not yet um
they're selling it so whiskey rangers
saying they're selling it to people who
want a plug-and-play system to play from
their couch but want the advantages of
PC gaming you didn't get wait wait look
at game prize selection customization
etc or people who have a beefy gaming PC
and want to stream games to their TV and
there there are cheaper options already
available for both and with steam OS you
don't get a computer out of it like you
don't you don't get an operating system
and here's why the living room you get
enough argument is bullshit the TV
argument is bullshit because I've got a
kick-ass gaming PC yeah and it's at my
desk in a minor but you know what it's
also hooked up to my TV because they do
that your your situation is different I
feel than than some you would look at
any PC up to a TV pretty much these days
you could but it should be small if
you're hooking what does it matter
because you don't want a tower next to
your TV in your nice living room that is
true don't say that's not true don't
roll your eyes it's not true it's that
is that is true you a a normal person
I'm gonna I'm gonna be normal I'm gonna
be a normal person here right I don't
want to put a giant computer tower on my
nice TV stand next to my nice to you
I don't I think it would look bad that's
me being normal person I could I just
corbs you sure I could've I do the right
length but then you have heat problems
and dust problems or I can have a small
little box on my TV which I already have
like my Roku box it's great ps4 has sold
20 million boxes this is Jesus you would
spend $600 on a steam machine if you
already had a PC because it's a small
box oh god no I would build a small form
P gaming PC
okay so how does this is Matt equate to
the steam box being flawed your argument
right there was just the size you know
oh that was specifically against your
argument for this no I don't think I
don't think a normal person wants a
giant PC tower next to their TV once
again you don't have to put it right
next to your uh key ever done it then I
don't think most sane people give a shit
about that because they have a TV stand
and they can put somewhere next to the
TVs - sure this is all I'm saying I'm
agreeing with you rich that I do yeah
I'm agree i'm agreeing with your overall
point in that people don't need steam
boxes okay
okay I'm using it from a different
conclusion where you can build a small
form PC yeah and and have it without the
need of steam and do it probably cheaper
than the steam box can do
jack is almost always wrong anyway Jesus
Christ ever respond about the v-22 being
an amazing console generation 120
million boxes sold and was his retort
what does it matter if the games are all
crap I don't know
did the stream freeze no no the stream
is fine
it's an amazing console generation if
you have gotten lots of great products
out of it
that's an amazing puzzle generation yes
Vaness hundreds of great games that came
out on the nest yes great console
generation PlayStation 2 hundreds of
great games came on in the PlayStation 2
amazing console generation yes I would
agree with that
Playstation 2 PlayStation 4 destined not
an amazing console generation it's like
I that I I agree the dude the dude is
just saying like the the steam box will
fit will fit this the the dude says you
two are computer savvy and willing to do
whatever it takes to hook up your
computer to your TV whatever you do is
plug it in the steam box might be able
to simplify it for people who just want
to hook up a gaming system to their TV
and this is where rich is argument comes
in which is that's all you do with the
computer is literally literally a
computer has an HDMI out it will be the
exact same thing only running an
operating system that you could also do
your taxes on that's not fair these are
new consoles it's been like a you're in
a fucking half yeah it's been long
enough it's been long enough where you
should have I should be able to think of
games the games that are they're too
expensive to make they take too long to
make there's a lot of problems
yeah oh no and it's like I I think I
think there is a small market of people
who is steam box will fit for I really
do but that small market is not going to
is doesn't justify their existence you
know I think there are people like you
said you know like if you have a super
great gaming rig in one room you could
get a cheaper steam box and stream games
to that cheaper box in your living room
right you have a nice PC though you're
probably not gonna want to bother with
that if you're that person already has a
nice PC your tech savvy enough to be
able to plug in the HDMI port into your
PC burner oh but let's say like that is
in your office right and you want to
play games in your living room so you
get a cheaper steam box and you can
stream your games from your office to
your living room right this is this is a
thing people do right or or then you can
you know stream them upstairs in your
bedroom or whatever right
I just think that the market for this is
so small and the prices on the steam
boxes are inflated and so anyone with
even the slightest bit of tech savvy
will notice immediately that it's
cheaper and more advantageous to build
your own
well steam is imagine they're actually
not making the hardware themselves right
like third parties are actually making
the steam boxes right they're not
willing to sell their hardware to loss
obviously right so Neen Xbox Microsoft
they're willing to sell at a loss just
to get in more homes yes steam is not
going to Palmas not gonna have that
advantage with the steam box they're
third party people who are making new
consoles for them that have different
hardware in them which is just going to
confuse people also don't want to sell
their boxes at a loss right ah mistake
mistake it's it's just a thing where
it's like yeah I think lizard you put it
more correctly which is the only people
tech savvy enough to even know
about steam boxes would already be
building their own machines right which
is the thing well they're selling to the
wrong market right and if you were
looking to sell to the console market
you need to bring your prices down which
they're not going to we need to have
uniformity yes and uniform and they have
uniformity in the operating system
because the operating system will be big
picture most sure but too many choices
console player can't can't handle any
choice greater than do I want the black
one or the blue one that must mean that
was a low blow that was thought up is
funny yes so I said it anyway I was a
low blow
that was funny that was very long no one
there is a can't jump up to get this
right after you have to wait till it
tells you right just get yourself an oh
yeah it'll be great
Sablin somebody can't open their mind up
to different systems what have I not
done that I've criticized the steam box
because I think they're making mistakes
you know I've criticized the PlayStation
4 and the Xbox one because the games are
all crap now but tonight I have also
shown my love for the NES and the
PlayStation 2 sure I love my PlayStation
3 and it should be stated that the ps4
there's some great Xbox 360 games there
are some great big specs through six
games I think that the ps4 is a fine
system it's able to handle decent
graphics I think it's a fine system
unfortunately there's not many games you
can play for the fine system that it is
and I think that's our issue oh pardon
me the Wii U that has some good games
that has some games that I want to play
love the Wii yeah we write we game we
have some great games the the issue you
know with Nintendo's you know the types
of games you can be playing if you like
those games then you will probably enjoy
those games
you haven't even played the system and
you've written it off completely see
here's the great thing about steam boxes
we have played this system
it plays PC games steam boxes honor
that's fine that's fine and we were not
bashing steam or big picture mode hey
and I've played in big picture mode and
it's fine
you know I get what I used my mouse
right I never used the controller to
broasted it's fine it's you know what it
works for picking out your games and not
much helps makes makes it a pain in the
ass to another window yeah yeah yeah
right
yeah I've used big picture mode before
it's the only problem is like besides
picking out what game you're going to
play the functionality drops real
quickly what do I think is keeping
developers from making a good game for
consoles cost cost is 1 and the process
the process of getting your game on a
console going through going through the
time and effort and paperwork necessary
to get your game on a console I think is
a lot more than developer then most
developers want to deal with cost and
business fence to previous generations
games were made by developers who had an
idea for a game they wanted to make and
they were passionate about it now a lot
of the great development houses have
been bought out by publishers or run by
businessmen who just wanted to print
their money yep yep and so if you are a
game developer who's passionate about
making a games you want to go the
cheapest route that will reach the most
amount of people which is generally
Bioware used to own themselves
lookingglass went under they they own
themselves they didn't have a publisher
to buy them yeah so it's it's it's just
math its money yeah and by the way it's
money for independent developers -
that's all they're looking for and it's
it's cheaper and more efficient for them
to just make games for PC which is fine
which is fine everything's fine all the
time boink your your fancy of the order
graphics they don't come cheap yeah this
is an artist has to make every one of
those objects and textures everything
couldn't the market for steam boxes be
people who need to upgrade hardware for
gaming but their PC is good enough for
all the normal computer stuff still
cheaper to upgrade yourself but for more
casual PC guys that aren't interested in
doing it it's a very small market you're
talking about and and that's the thing
that is that's exactly the market but I
just I do very small market that's this
this is the thing I don't think it's a
big market we could be proven wrong it
is quite possible but I just don't think
it's that big a market
here right we need more gay porn stories
to get off this steambox topic good game
me heady game stuff I love it yeah
I won't target about the steam box it's
it'll be interested I'm really actually
legit excited about this controller
though I want to know I want to know all
the weird stuff I can do with this
controller I'm curious to get my hands
on I just don't think it's gonna replace
my mouse right oh sure I like the idea
of it but I don't think it's gonna have
enough funds inconvenient and
comfortable to really reach places sure
sure
steam boxes equals another porn title
that's true I like that that's really
funny
and yes I did see in an attempt to
change topics but keep it on games rich
did you see Nintendo has officially
announced it is working with iOS
developers yeah to develop games for
your iPhones and iPads I've not heard
that it's true um this is neither good
news or bad news
this is it's news it's news Nintendo
gets to try stuff favor they've earned
that the developer they've chosen to
publish through is a well-known
developer and none has made no games
that I care about but they're big
well-known mobile developer good for
them don't intend oh oh shit that's it
donut end of partnerships usually end up
with the other parties seeking revenge
on Nintendo isn't that historically how
this goes it is it's very surprising
that Nintendo wouldn't be handling this
stuff in-house they're usually so closed
when it comes to stuff like this
especially game development that that in
and of itself makes me think that it's
not going to last because Nintendo won't
care about the products that they push
out if they were handling it themselves
like I'm sure they'll be making and
writing the game but because they're
they are working with someone else to
push out the games it makes me think
that this is not going to be a main
priority for a Nintendo so yeah I'm not
optimistic did you say
oh wait I want to get past the spot
first I'm gonna say here this is kind of
annoying
sure
if I buy a game on my Wii U I should be
able to play it on my 3ds no that's not
true
those are entirely two entirely
different platforms maybe you don't
understand how game works that's fine
oh shit
Nintendo aren't making games for iOS
they're making Nintendo themed content
for games so like microtransactions
skins and stuff basically this is gonna
be like the the Philips CDI all over
again
amazing I decide that we need a
remastering yeah I want to play those
games
this is a 3d version of Madeline
O'Malley I've gone on the Virtual
Console no I still think it's different
but I still think that the coding is
different you you're paying you're
paying for the platform about the game
so choose your platform wisely sometimes
you got to make that choice
playing Maximo movie recently and I keep
wanting to double jump just max alone oh
sure I'm sure that's an ability again
later
yeah and yes some Vita and ps4 titles
are interchangeable like that like you
can you know pick it up on the Vita and
put it down and then pick up the same
game on the ps4 it's not for every game
but that the Vita and the ps4 are very
different consoles than the 3ds and the
Wii U so that's the difference that's
the difference what do you think rich
are you digging this so far it's
acceptable okay
did you say it's standard game standard
platform standard Metroid
yeah look standard it looks pretty it
looks
standard Rd platformer I played a little
bit of earthbound wasn't terribly into
it but I'm sure it's great I know I know
it's obviously this cult classic thing
don't see the ability treat be to go to
the ability tree and it will take me to
the now it does now what does Rayman
that's a no oh by the way raiment that's
another example of a nice hyper 2d
platformer remains a great game oh not
my charge doesn't work anymore
did they overwrite the charge shot do I
have to undo that what you do hey can I
only have
I used to have an ability to open these
doors not one away how do I get that
back Oh stupid
we all know that is no my charge flame
you stop charging oh that's weird
after I do that upgrade somehow the blue
glow is on the left is your charge meter
on the left oh you have do you have to
have one of those four friggin all right
all right Thank You mr. Chas mal you
don't have any left
you need more Chloe's get your Chloe's
they're like keys
any reason why I don't post to write it
anymore I'm around don't do what Oh they
said any reason why I don't post to read
it anymore I still think I post I think
I just posted the other day I'm on the
reddit I'm there
oh nothing interesting to talk about
I'm on reddit's I check out the red
letter media subreddit in case anyone
wants to talk or whatever is I don't
know I'm there
don't think that was the way to go
sometimes you guys don't talk about
stuff so can you flip the lever that you
were at I mean I need to be a pear
producer there's a lever right there was
a lever yeah I don't know Sonny treason
all over the place look a branch I was
wondering why you weren't flipping that
that was just like what's going on
rich didn't know that was a Leever
course i didn't know that was a leaver a
leaver
yeah that's right I'm hips I'm all up on
the reddit's he's hip to that Jam hip to
the rabbit Jam how about that steam box
how about that animate that amazing
console generation we're in right now
with no games worth speaking about but
what about but the pretty pretty power
they have power of power
they sure do that's the only thing that
matters the power they got power
yeah you playing with power are you
playing the power you know you know oh
Jesus Christ
lemon the hot honey water and apple
cider cleared that block signed us right
up oh I know I need something I need so
it's getting better it's getting better
but you can expect the next prereq
episode I was just talking with Jay
about that earlier ah it's it's done
the next prereq is done I just need to
do a final a final check you know make
sure there's no there's no black frames
or anything and add in what game we're
playing next which with which rich and I
just figured out today I think it's
gonna be up on a Friday according to
Davis which is a move that I can agree
with it won't be posted it will be going
live on Friday but it won't be posted to
the red letter media website on Friday
just because we've obviously had a lot
more content than oh when I died down
there for some reason so it won't be
posted to the red letter media site as
because we've been making a lot more
episodes than any other show obviously
we don't want we don't want prereq to we
don't want people to think that it's the
it's the prereq channel so but it will
be going live on our YouTube channel on
Friday is what I'm saying let's hope it
actually is now be sure to miss it there
so it's it's a fun episode obviously
it's know the order 1886 but we have a
very good discussion and yeah it'll be
up on Friday
check the youtubes
what the fuck is this this is Ori and
the blind forest yep prereq has been
banned from rlm for producing too much
pretty much no listen we we understand
that people don't come to red letter
media before previously recorded and
when they come and that's what they see
there they're let down understandable
there is understandable some people who
say really
another prereq and obviously J and Mike
are busy working on stuff from the
future of space so rich and i's output
is a little bit more right now plus
there is a there is a best of the worse
in editing that's right so we do not
take offense to this decision but just
won't let you guys know what's going on
that's right prereq is casting a shadow
that's a very tiny shed no it makes
sense
it makes sense to me anyways you know
that's full of spiders right that's
gotta be full spires of course its
fullest buyers it looks great
by the way I'm creeped out by that you
should be that's okay it's a giant sack
of spiders yeah
that's the by the way that's the thing
for those bringing up those animated
plank insurance J it didn't mention it
was like well you know prereq is the
least viewed thing on the website I was
like hey we get a couple more views than
those pointed animated thing this takes
what you skin gets I'm taking that if I
can get that I'm taken oh shit
do you want to play this at all I'm just
about done no good I'm good I'm my
hotline Miami down I think I think we're
gonna go ok well it's just something
more we need to talk about I think
that's fine ok so yeah keep an eye out
Friday I'll post it like you know
normally when we pose it about noonish a
central thing for a new episode Sunday
Funday stream I think I'm one please
only understood all right
I miss my plane that sounds great and
yep hurry up
gunshot fade to black
