Jun 3, 2015
Monster PartyAdventures of Dino Riki, Super Mario Bros., Super Mario Bros. 2
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/6662934, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZjuTONi9cY
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/6694335, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGr0j1fD8xs
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/6694815, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srKviyuuYTc
2:08pm: "We know that we are streaming tonight, the who, what, when, and whereâ€¦ not so much." (archive.vn/Ly1mk)
8:45pm: "Monster Party - With Rich & Jack & Karen. NOW" (archive.vn/x0fMn)

[Part I]
right am i right and and skyping in
tonight is is Jack the voice from beyond
jet pker PR yeah coward be cured okay
yeah right next time I'm sorry we'll get
it together here's the parade of some of
our lovely enemies here the Medusa snake
the corona pitcher plant dude this is
monster party yes what is monster party
explain it to me it's a Japanese there's
a shrimp it's a game I guess it was
originally supposed to contain a lot of
licensed characters and the Box heads
like a werewolf and a Frankenstein on it
stuff but the licensing didn't work out
for them so his Universal was not
involved alright so they they replaced
all the characters with like stuff from
like Japanese folklore in pop woman who
like drowned herself in a wishing well
or something there wasn't popular at the
time but everyone seen the ring yeah so
now she's throwing coins at you in one
of the stages and one of the stages
inexplicably you're fighting bloody
onion rings and jumbo shrimp it's just a
very strange game person well this
sounds amazing and it starts out like
you're in like this kind of happy Mario
Land universe and then you get past this
one section and there's like thunder
lightning and all of them there's blood
everywhere it's it's great it's bizarre
you know I would have the better
relatively unknown Nintendo games then
you know it was never really a hit I
would love to see this like as a as like
a game jam kind of theme where you know
like the theme of a game development
contest would be you have to make a game
on these certain characters and then 24
hours into the the game making you have
to randomly switch random characters
okay
wouldn't it be great make that happen
anyone who knows anything about Game Jam
it's kind of a reverse of Doki Doki
Panic you know the story about Doki Doki
Panic in Super Mario 2 of course right
but you should retell it for anyone who
doesn't know sure well there was Super
Mario Brothers which you know was
available in Japan and later in the US
and everybody knows that in Japan they
released a sequel which is a lot like
the first one the graphics are just
about identical in their basic structure
but it's a lot harder Nintendo for
whatever reason now they decided that
Americans aren't videogame enough or
something that they wouldn't like this
one or whatever but they licensed a game
called Doki Doki Panic
and they replaced the original sprites
with Nintendo characters which is why
the Super Mario Brothers 2 is completely
different looking from 1 and 3 and then
later on they released the Japanese
version for the Super Nintendo as The
Lost Levels
the Japanese version Super Mario
Brothers they released the doki doki
panick version in Japan in Super Mario
USA I'm going to pretend I didn't know
that ok so Jack I understand you lost a
bet for jet from with J and now you have
to spend the that's what near the reason
you're not here is you now have to spend
the night in a haunted warehouse it's
it's very strange well you can hint you
can tell reverb yeah
it's it's a whorehouse in a warehouse
and so there's many whores the ghosts of
whores like it used to be a whorehouse
well see that's that's the trick of
tonight is some of them are alive some
of them are dead you have to have as
much sex with as many of the whores as
you can and figure out whether or not
you care is it is still necrophilia if
you don't open your
if you don't I'm not opening my eyes the
entire night and I'm just gonna see what
happens you know don't ruin this for me
Karen yeah yeah like about one person I
read an article about these these
gentlemen in there it wasn't like a
dirty it was just in salon.com but they
were talking about these gentlemen
putting them under electric blankets -
oh god Sara like rich about ten times
and then I started whacking at some
other buttons not working stop racking
appointments guys what the fuck the
fuckin venal rich the chat is going to
want you to talk about X come to sooner
or later okay let me figure out what's
wrong with this this game here first
could you please figure out what's wrong
with the game first because I think that
would help all of us I thought you were
just taking your sweet-ass time no I
worked buds and I whack did more buttons
and then I waited for a break in your
conversation so I could be like yeah I
will I want to let you guys know that I
will never be tired of the parade of
onion rings if I want to you know that's
just that's just me that's what I'm
gonna watch all day and I'm gonna be
fine with that it's really I was a kid
my parents would let me pick out you
know a game or two for like Christmas or
birthday but there was always pressure
to pick the cheap game so I never got
the a list I got the some of them were
you know really oh
you walking home from a ball game he
looked up and and what shake
rich what is happening to your Nintendo
Entertainment System Nintendo
Entertainment System so you know along
with XCOM to which I'm sure rich will
talk about at length there's not there's
nothing to talk about
it's a trailer that doesn't show
gameplay oh I know is there making it
basically are you saying are you excited
interest yeah rich is a famous proponent
but you know what was announced today
rich what fallout 4 yeah this is a you
know I'm excited for people who've
played a fault why is it every time you
touch the controller it stops working
it's work I grab it and it works mm-hmm
you grab it and it just stops working
instantly this doesn't make any sense
I'm timed I'm sorry I don't know what's
going on I wish I could I wish I could
help in some manner right now yeah where
I'm sitting and maybe there's magic
magic because this doesn't make any
sense
nothing
you guys are something else I like it I
like what's happening I like what's
going on I'm glad to be a part of this
alright now I'm playing this is working
fine yeah great so what are these guys
what are they there's like some like
half-naked leg things coming out of the
ground they look like frog legs any
frogs not sure oh I like take drugs and
you turn into a dragon this is great and
he hit the a button love that's that's
usually what happens when you take drugs
you turn a dragon oh the Japanese that
was a fucking waste of my time
rich can you get it together no I can't
because mark wait you don't want to turn
into mark that's a game claim you want
to be the dragon be the dragon well it's
useless sometimes to be the dragon or
the boy but in general the dragons
burger oh you actually do want to be
marked for this because you bad his
little bubbles back in yeah like a
little invisible platform just to the
left of this point why any platform
this looks amazing now since I've been
playing zero problems yeah zero and now
are you gonna hand the controller over
to guarantee to see what happens I am
working all right the bad juju is over
you did it rich you cleared the
controller of all of the ill spirits
that's almost disgusting
that's almost disgusting it's almost
disgusting yes I think that's fair
all right so XCOM 2 X down to rich
people want to know I'm gonna do her
I'm excited they're making another one
but I don't know what they're making
because we only have like pre-rendered
cinematics right what are the kind of
things I'd care about like like what are
they going to do to enhance the
strategic layer what will they change
with the tactical combat I have no idea
and those are the important things so I
don't I don't know really what to say
about it I know I know the the concept
the story
story-wise XCOM is like almost sequel
proof ok like like you already beat the
aliens at the end of the first XCOM I
mean what what did you say they came
back so a small spoiler alert first of
all well it looks like they're doing a a
the the aliens one and you're a
resistance fighter
oh so which is a minor slap to the face
cuz even though I played XCOM 1 and I
clearly beat the game yeah now they're
neither going to tell me well you didn't
really beat the game well
what if are you sure it's the aliens who
have won you know what if it's like a
like a totalitarian government you know
that would just be stupid well I'm just
or what if like via the first ex-con
Brigade took over the planet after the
aliens did be stupid what well I'm just
spitballing here rich be witness it's
just cuz they yeah they could do that
but now it wouldn't be as interesting
sure sure
it wouldn't leg is interesting but it
would be it would be something that's
not you know as lame as well I guess the
aliens one no I'd rather be fighting
aliens I would okay okay the first X
come yeah the premises it's it's it's
modern-day earth right normal right
hold on Oh game bleeding skulls so
everything just turned evil yep why
don't everything just her evil I don't
know so at that point of the game you
just cross to the evil territory yeah
basically yeah but it's you know for a
Nintendo game for kids Scouts are pretty
cool but look there's eyeballs stock
people is your precious childhood
memories right here oh no you got it I'm
you know you know what I some another
likes for movies well no no I mean just
I saw something lately it's fan made so
I don't know how well it's actually
gonna play but somebody made a fighting
game where it's all of the classic 80s
slasher villains like a Mortal Kombat
with Jason and Freddy and Michael Byers
Chucky that sounds great I want to see
if I can get J to play that no he likes
the horror mmm a lot more than I do
you're almost dead care
so if I can just like a little bit yeah
would that's that's the Nintendo sigh
right there you know you know it's a
good tough game when you know when you
sigh after every level
Nintendo hard Nintendo art I love it
love those eyeball monsters those are
great everybody wants I could turn the
game audio up I had to turn down just to
make sure that everybody could be heard
the big deal that that's Nintendo okay
so we're talking about XCOM right
accidentally does story wise what's
going on hmm
like the first one modern day earth
world the world as the world we're very
familiar with and then then suddenly
aliens start popping up right and and
it's like it's like it's like tribal men
with spears versus modern-day army guys
you know they have advanced alien
technology and how do you deal with that
I mean it's a gun
it's a great underdog story with
humanity pulling together and scavenging
what we can learning about their
technology and then slowly throughout
the game you get to a point where you
could fight them on equal ground that
it's it's great
the uplifting it's the hero story and
then in the sequel you you do it again
I'm like all your technology but it's
gone wait we lost it we can't find that
technology we developed anymore sure
it's just a story was really hard game
to me could make a sequel to and I was I
was kind of hoping they would they would
go the Master of Orion route where
basically master of Orion's who has the
exact same story as one you know you set
off as a race and you develop space
travel to colonize the galaxy it's like
two dozen take off for one from where
the first one left off it's just it's
the same thing
bred race and you develop space
technology to colonize the galaxy it's
like bull gay
you know they tweak the gameplay but
story-wise is the exact same fucking
thing and I almost would have prefered
seeing ex-con go that was more like a
remake than a sequel yeah yeah like like
I don't I don't know that XCOM nobody's
judging you no no I'm totally judging
you can it's like
XCOM almost didn't need a sequel I mean
they could have done expansions just
large expansions to that game for years
and I would have been just as happy with
that like every every every six months
every year you have something that comes
out it's like enemy within where they
add a lot of gameplay elements they add
new story bits and they add new units
but it's still the same base game I
would have been fine with that okay
I mean I guess that like I understand
your point I'm still excited but the
important thing is gameplay all right I
want to know what they're going to do
with the game yeah apparently they have
katanas they have swords yeah I saw that
it could be great you don't know you
don't know it anyone who brings a knife
to a gunfight is an idiot I'm sorry they
do it in games all the time cuz it's
cool no fuck that what if it's a laser
katana that's that's three times system
give me a laser machine me gun I'll be
happy we spent all our money researching
laser machine guns and we made these
laser katanas but we can't get close
enough cuz aliens I'll have plasma
rifles but we have all these so they can
shoot us from three miles away but we
got get to within two feet for this
weapon to be effective oh what's that
over there well that's an alien killing
nuclear bomb that we can launch from
here but we're not gonna use that
god damnit ducked of Ellen what are we
paying you for
No dante's doomsday laser Kasana laser
katana does not equal light saber
because light saber is copy written and
laser katana is not so laser katana is a
totally different thing yep yep that's a
different thing than a lightsaber
yep
I call it by a different name
it's used by these creepy religious men
called the the wet eyes good they use
the force nice nice I have not seen kung
fury I think Jack has I have a little
bit I saw the mark of quality I saw the
first 10 I started watching it after
Jays recommendation yeah cuz I had I
talked to JD the other day and he was
recommending kung fury as a nice lark
and it is it's short you know it's only
20-30 minutes and I got maybe 10 minutes
in and kind of gave up oh really
like I got the joke you know okay here's
my problem
and and I think I am amongst all of us I
think I'm the most lenient on green
screen and computer graphic usage you
know I don't mind the CG in movies the
the only real issue for me is when
everything is shot on green-screen it
makes the action very two-dimensional
you know the hero is always moving from
left to right it's always a video game
and that's what a lot of kung fu e is
almost to the point where it gets
ridiculous or it's just everybody is
two-dimensional and
the joke like I got it I'm sure it's
great I'm gonna I'm gonna watch the
whole thing I'm sure the whole thing is
fun but the joke got out for me real
fast well I don't I don't hate CGI on
principle I mean like like the new Star
Trek movies how they look fine yeah oh
great yeah prequels look like crap they
just threw a bunch of shit on the screen
it's not a use computer for they just
use computers throw shit on the screen
right yeah you can do it good oh yeah
yeah most of the time they don't but oh
yeah no and for those very quick to
point out my dislike stop-motion
animation or claymation again to clarify
my stance I don't dislike stop-motion
animation I dislike it when mixed with
real people
I dislike when you - when you mix
stop-motion animation with real people
footage because then the stop-motion
animation looks even more fake you know
ed-209 has always looked fake and it's
always brought me out of the movie but
you know something something like your
Wallis's and grommets or your or your
nightmares before Christmas is I'm fine
with those I think they look great I
just don't like it when it's mixed in a
live-action sense live-action setting
yes that's in like that scene from army
of Darkness that scene from jason and
the argonauts they look ridiculous come
on well that's liberal that's
deliberately schlocky and that's weird
but it does not look good is my point
it's not supposed to look good it's
supposed to look corny which it does no
I like jason and the argonauts
as Ashlock but it does not look good is
my is my critique of that which I I
can't imagine anyone arguing that it
looks
you have no soul I have no soul is
basically the moral of the story have
you played any of the Fallout games cuz
I tried coming up constantly in the chat
I tried playing a little of Fallout 3
you know follow that 3 was a big game
and I I started playing it and it the
mixture between first-person shooter and
turn-based s-- fighting are you farming
for health I was just curious what the
hell you were doing no that's alright um
I I could never understand I could never
wrap my head around in a combat system I
was actually really enjoying fallout 3
like the world is super great you know I
I want to play it too again I guess they
have announced fallout 4 and people keep
asking me about it I've just never
played any of the Fallout games I got
nothing against the series I happened to
have never played one so I'm not excited
I got against it all I can tell you is
fallout 3 is this wonderful world but I
could never wrap my head around the
actual mechanics of the game so I got
just very frustrated there's this whole
like when you fight with people there's
like a it's almost like FTL where it's
some real time and some turn-based
combat and actually with all my FTL
playing maybe I can go back to file on 3
and be a little better at it as long as
it's not boring turn-based like a JRPG
oh no and it's not no and it's like I
said it's not exactly turn-based you
know wait it's it was weird enough to me
where it never made sense and so I gave
up after
oh I don't know 12 hours or so
of fall on three but I really did enjoy
the world
I felt I felt immersed in fallout 3
so I okay rich yeah oh yeah
oh no I just heard I'm like a random
Skype noise you nothing it's weird
maybe no no no it doesn't matter in any
case I followed three as one of those
games that I would like to eventually
get back to because I know what what
what uh follow three is a game I would
eventually like to get back to because I
know a ton of people love it okay that's
all there's so many things to play know
right that's the real problem like I
keep looking someone was incredibly kind
and gifted me a copy of Witcher 3 yeah
and it's just sitting there and you know
we have things to play for the show and
I have things that I want to play just
for me and splatoon is out now and I
kind of want to give that a try and also
we have to make all the content that we
pretty so it's it's it's it's a great
problem I have too many good games but
it will be it's gonna be fine I'm gonna
we're gonna get to them all one day one
day we'll reach the gaming nexus and no
more games will be played until everyone
has played all the games they've wanted
to play no Dan the future all games are
just candy crush
mmm-hmm we're getting there this will be
the last console generation invite all
your friends
you just bought a fifth of the content
the license to use it if our servers go
down you can never use it again and you
got to pay for more content did you get
the exclusive content because you
pre-ordered it from the right game store
I actually pre-ordered it three times i
pre-ordered it from amazon i pre-ordered
it from Goom stoop and i pre-ordered it
from base boo i get all the browser
bonuses oh wait I didn't pre-ordered
from stomm I think if you want all of
the Arkham Knight content like
everything hmm
you have to preorder it from like six
different places geez because they've
just got that game broken up piecemeal
exclusive target exclusive - turns
around exclusive the GameStop exclusive
to Steve x excludes remember in the good
old days you just buy a complete game
without any bullshit I do from The Sims
era was when it started it was like The
Sims The Sims expansion pack the second
Sims expansion pack but at least
everybody could buy those sure you
didn't have to buy the same Sims game
just six different versions to get every
color of that chair you like it Lloyd
beat Lloyd pizzas
Lloyd beats is wondering why I couldn't
understand the fallout 3 combat system
I'm sorry Lloyd if like if you are a big
fan of fallout 3 if and if you're new to
the stream and I know you're not but for
anyone for anyone for anyone new to the
stream Jack sometimes is a little dumb
and my issue with it was this is kind of
the same reason why I never latched
to XCOM and maybe rich will understand
this is when like when you face someone
in fallout 3 rich you get to kind of
choose what body part you want to shoot
at right and then you know there's a
percentage system but it's from a
first-person perspective and it's just
not my thing and so you know like you
would give this a little more time here
and you can do it you can do told you I
totally do until then that was the thing
is like I just I want to point at the
thing and have it shoot and it it wanted
to play math with me
fallout 3 much of much like XCOM you
know you throw a grenade right at a at a
aliens feet and it's a 95% chance of
making it and says oh you missed want to
plant oh well then there you go it does
it has a lot of those kind of elements
but it's mixed it with this first-person
perspective and and and so maybe now
that I've grown a bit as a gamer and as
a person I would play it and really
enjoy the heck out of it but when I
played it when it first came out you
know how many years ago did fallout 3
come out how many years ago - fallout 3
come out and hold on fallout 3 I'm
googling it the fallout 3 came out seven
years ago so seven years ago when it
came out I maybe I just wasn't ready for
it something something we started to
talk about earlier yeah starting to come
up and it did run away all right
do you think this will be any last
console generation when when we'll sell
phones and whatnot tablets crowd out the
console market with cheaper to produce
games you know rather than spending two
hundred and fifty million dollars to
make grand theft auto 5 you just you
just make candy crush in your rake in
cash I think like when anything dimes
usually there's there's the death throes
and so Nintendo has already announced
they're working on their next one and I
don't know if you've read anything about
it but rumor has it that nintendos next
console will have an Android power
operating system ok and so we're already
crossing that bridge by the way yeah we
use are selling decently I mean Nintendo
also doesn't care how many we use it
sells because they have the 3ds and and
that is a money-making machine I don't
have any kids so I don't you know I
don't know what the hip young 7 year
olds are playing these days there could
be a huge and for the record chat I'm
well aware that for as much money as
they spent on grand theft auto 5 that
have more than made its money back still
if from from from the perspective of
somebody who's making these things
that's a big financial risk and there's
no guarantee that when you spend two
hundred and fifty million dollars making
a game that it will make more than two
hundred and fifty million dollars it's a
big uncomfortable gamble if you're the
guy who's behind everything with the
wallet absolutely then you may be
looking for cheaper safer investments
okay and I'm say I'm reading in the chat
now that they're saying that the powered
by Android who were false rumors well
I'm listen I hadn't heard that they were
false I just heard the rumors and I want
to say I called them rumors but uh
you know the the death throes of a of an
industry well I think I think will at
least get one or two more console
generations I'm less sure about two more
you know it's um it takes a while for
industries to die
yeah they're still producing DVDs come
on
and yeah farming for house but that's
alright that's alright if you don't feel
up to it I don't that's okay I have in
fact without cheating officially I can't
believe you because of your poor
performance today but you know
absolutely I absolutely know now you
know I think part of the thing those
know now granted tablet games are often
simpler in their controls but part of
the thing with tablets is that tablets
people are downloading them with low
bandwidth you know you can't really get
affordably unlimited bandwidth for your
phone the hardware isn't you know is
battery life optimized but do you think
it's gonna matter as much as tablets get
more powerful won't they be able to
create content that's just about as
complicated as you know be the X with
what the X Box isn't such or doing today
oh absolutely I I'm with you I think my
my biggest problem with mobile gaming or
tablet gaming or any of that is the
input yeah I I want a controller I want
to keep
I want a better and and or I want them
to design the game around the
touchscreen oh and ro right now we have
this weird we're in this gray area where
people are still making games then
putting like a digital d-pad on the
phone to play the game and that's that's
wouldn't that be great you can't
Ablett's with built-in D pads and
controls around the edges you can also
although then ad portability totally
suffers you can you know HDMI it's a lot
of tablets into a television and then
Bluetooth or controller
mm-hm oh sure yeah there's there's
there's bridges now like I'll tell you
this playing FTL on an iPad is beautiful
like they they took some time they
optimized all the controls just for a
touchscreen and it was great like
playing broken age on an iPad was was
really fun you know just like dragging
stuff and and clicking where you want to
go that was that was neat and I think
they're making strides in that sense but
you know the old man Jack says I always
want to controller and games that had a
lot of mouse input
I'm guessing would probably translate
better because yeah maybe it's all gonna
happen and you know I see a lot of
people in chat wondering why I hate
physical media so much Karen what are
your feelings on physical media over
digital I you know it isn't so much
whether it's digital or physical that
that is an issue to me I think it's it's
whether or not you have to have things
authenticated on their server and what
happens if their server doesn't work as
long as as long as you know if it's if
it's a you know it's like it's company
like Amazon where it's like you know
they're not going away anytime soon
I'm fine with buying content from them
and and that's that's fine I'm not
worried about their servers as long as
they give you as long as they give you
like a key or something that's never
going to expire and you can burn your
own backup copies I'm fine with digital
media I don't need to have a thousand
little discs laying around the house and
yes instant instant delivery is nice
fluffy fluffing up to the store you know
and I agree I agree 100% like in and uh
III go further where I
I definitely like I trusts maybe too
much in the system you know I do
I love trusting in the system good night
oh I'm just gonna say not having stuff
yeah I the stuff consumes you and then
you can't you got to keep track to the
stuff and you lost the stuff and the
stuff got scratched
you left the stuff at somebody else's
house ranked and where's disc one I've
got discs you know two through nine what
did I do with disc one
I can't install this now my one true and
real problem with digital media is I
want the stuff that we got on DVDs and
blu-rays like I want commentary tracks I
want behind-the-scenes featurettes why
can't we do cut we can do you know
Netflix can stream with five different
language options but no commentary track
that's unacceptable
yeah and it's obviously the technology
would allow for that right now
absolutely why don't we have it I don't
know I want it and I miss it but if it's
if it's a movie I'm into enough I will
still either rent the DVD or or buy it
just to hear commentary and get the
behind-the-scenes featurettes I don't
know how big of an audience cares I mean
I usually don't watch that stuff I don't
know what percentage of people are
bothered by that but certainly why
shouldn't they allow that you know have
that even they could have it as a
separate a separate file on Netflix or
something yeah you want to watch the
commentary track I mean there's no
reason why it wouldn't even have to be
attached to it on the same stream thing
and yeah I see in the chat now they're
just saying that Netflix doesn't have
that shit because I'm the only one who
wants it oh and that that bothers me
commentary tracks are that is how much a
retraction that's what they're saying in
the chat they're saying people don't
like commentary tracks that I think it's
not everybody would venture that it's
less than half of people but it's a
significant majority so why not have it
well and it's in I agree with I don't
it's a significant minority yeah I
understood where it's it's only in fact
probably only the people in this chat
like people who care about like
elongated conversations about the Star
Wars prequels will care about stuff like
directors commentary you know it is a
little bit you know eye candy crush the
Bakke the problem everything candy crush
candy crush is the problem with
everything yes I like the fact that
you've acknowledged that you would have
a problem with it I was the first that's
the first step stereotypical you know
were farmville most like four different
farms and it was taken me like an hour a
day just to ten micron so it was like
you know this is just getting a little
monotonous I I see what you're typing
Lord dick Belmont Lord Belmont says that
the hates digital distribution people
like collecting things and there won't
be artifacts for later generations to
collect plus experts in the industry
I would love some citation on experts in
the industry are warning people that
digital distribution and the cloud are
unstable and can
our era in the digital Dark Age Lord
Belmont
I would love some sort of citation on
that maybe you know if we all die of
like you know Spanish flu and we go back
to caveman days or something I don't
think we'll be worrying about whether
we're doing digital distribution or
looks like water and okay maybe this is
the digital Dark Age let's say they're
the the sun's rays create a magnetic
sweep of earth right okay like an EMP
and we're all fine and all of our food
supplies are fine and all computers are
fine but every single computer memory is
wiped that would suck but I'm guessing
that the the things about that that
stock in video games would not be on the
top of the list you know falling out of
the sky
oh no no let's put living together yeah
but let's assume that everything is fine
with the world like every everything
still runs normally but we just lost all
of our video games movies and TV shows
stored on computers you know what would
happen is the next day people would go
to work and make more video games movies
and TV shows yeah we would be down for
like a week yes yes oh thank you Lord
Belmont I will be reading that oh thank
you Lord Belmont send me a link to to
the digital Dark Age BPA there's a BBC
story I will read that thank you for
citing I enjoy citation that's all I
have but I mean you know and and I they
should just have more options for you to
have your you know that have-your-cake-
and-eat-it-too
like I I uh I buy e-books but I'm also
you know these are books that I've
purchased there's also software out
there to let you jailbreak it so you can
make backup copies plus it does a lot
you know I think it song another thing
but a lot of this Nintendo and a lot of
these things it's like the software is
locked into particular hardware and that
gets really annoying yes like you gotta
buy this hardware just to play it even
though that hardware would be perfectly
capable of playing it I mean I know
they're doing next I want you to buy
such and such but yeah they want you you
know what they always want you to buy
the such-and-such of course that's just
a thing except for the so-and-so people
they would rather you bought so-and-so
yeah rich I thought we weren't gonna get
political today and I you know my
feelings on the stone so people I think
the so and so people have valid
arguments and I don't always agree with
their tactics but their their stance is
perfectly logical Nintendo has like
burned hundreds of million dollars a
year for like the next century yeah
Nintendo officially gives no fucks right
fuck this jack-o'-lantern man honestly
look at him he's great I mean first of
all he's great on and secondly he's just
murdering you boys you wear pink but
boys do wear pink Nintendo game you see
how the kids wearing like blue green a
couple stages later his clothes change
color for no reason and then they change
color again oh my god no reason maybe he
changed his outfits yeah and any change
the outfit color is reflected when he
turns into a dragon because whatever
color he has just dragons the same color
so I'm gonna lose this
if I die all right yes so don't die well
that's easier said than done
I know but Richard why don't you just
get good yeah why don't you jack huh why
don't you get good I don't see you
getting good of course I'm one of the
nice things about this game is it has
key code so you can write them down so
what should be the stage you mean just
start from there did you die you died
you tell me then what it's basically
like a overhead view scrolling bottom to
top or top to bottom and you can't stop
moving kind of shooting game like a
spaceship shooting game except it's got
a dragon and he's fighting like
dinosaurs and stuff but the layout is
now unsold sure like I feel like a
Gradius spaceship that flies around on
those things okay
just like semi obscure game sure it's
it's like a bullet hell game are you you
you fly around shoot shoot things and
then also dodge the things they shoot at
you yes yes okay great I am with you are
you or are you just saying that I'm a
understand the game that Karen is
talking about the style of game in which
garyun about and it is a style of game
in which I enjoy game which
unfortunately I don't have a joystick of
my disposal because it does tell agreed
that was winking at you
Oh fearful sludge boy I had not watched
that video yet but I will I promise you
the the last three days the last four
days have been nothing but shooting and
editing a project that I have been
dangerously close to missing my deadline
on and and I got done I just got it done
like two hours before I called rich it
was a big one and and I was almost I was
almost not done I was almost very
embarrassed in front of business-type
people it would be when when you are
when you are a freelancer you get most
of your work from referrals and if
people start saying no he's good but he
doesn't make his deadline then that then
you stop getting referrals so it's been
it's been three solid days of editing
and which is widget which was which is
also dumping no good today I had an eye
exam because I have poor eyesight and go
to the doctor and and the doctor you
know as he starts doing stuff and I'm
not reading well and he's like have you
have your eyes been under a lot of
strain lately and I said well I've spent
the past three days staring intently at
a computer monitor
does that count and he yelled at me he
yelled well you know he did the doctor
thing where it's like you know you need
to take breaks and I was like well fuck
you doctor what do you know right well
you know it's one of those things where
it's I need to stare intently at a
computer screen in order to work so I'm
sorry computer screen so I can afford
the money for you to tell you that this
is what I'm saying
this is what I'm saying good news and
bad news on my eye exam one of my eyes
has gotten slightly better
Wow the other of my eyes has gotten
significantly worse yeah I can't grab
that thing ya know if I'd leave the rib
if you leave the room and come back a
few times at some point it'll show back
up what does it push the mark even do it
varies sometimes it gives you life
sometimes it turns you into a dragon
empty empty I said my god I got robbed
I'm sorry rich I'm very sorry
Rob Liefeld and that's where you can't
draw anymore I don't understand that
that's okay that's okay so someone in
the chat is laughing a little bit I
almost didn't make it up here you know
jack
you didn't I'm my way up here I was like
oh well you know it's a bit of a drive
I'm just about due for an oil change we
should we should explain the Lee living
arrangement just briefly because that's
gonna confuse people it's been discussed
before isn't it no people show up in the
channel I want to say what what I came
up here Karen did not follow me up cuz
we had no idea how me moving up to be
more involved in realtor media would
actually work out mm-hmm so she stayed
down solid with her family and job and
whatnot yeah I want to say that was
assuming via context clues but so you
know it's it's a bit of a little bit of
a haul nothing nothing crazy so I
thought well you know I'm just about to
do foreign oil change I'll get an oil
change so I went to Jiffy Lube and cut
to the to the good part all of a sudden
I hear somebody scream no stop stop
okay and I hear like you know like kind
of tires squealing a little bit so I get
a little read a little window and I take
a look and it turns out they've managed
to drive my car partway into that little
you know that little the pit pit that
they've got you know cuz they can go
underneath it change the oil
so they you know so they can stand up
and change our oil and stuff but they
they managed to drive it partway in
there
the good news the front the front tire
yeah the from one in the front of theirs
so the good news is way down south in
Chicago we're bananas girl and did you
bring any bananas up with you this is
the important partner we're low on
bananas here in Milan but anyway about
bananas and refrigeration I don't know
we watch EQ stuff on YouTube I can only
assume yeah so anyway so they dropped it
in there and it's like well now what so
they tried to drive it out of there you
know to back it up but of course there's
sufficient legs yeah this game is the
past enemies were fish a fish made by
man and there's the verticals or status
or scars or something in the rocks over
there a man Merv and in a crocodile that
throws a little baby crocodiles at you
in the sewer but that sounds great it is
and it is and so yeah they dropped it in
there so that I had to wait for them to
get a tow truck and then they yeah so
they pulled my car back out I had to
wait the wedding yeah you waited an hour
and a half for Denton oh yeah it was a
while and and then they got it out and
it seems to be okay it actually landed
like on the metal frame I will be in
touch with that I mean I look at there's
like an alien egg I will be in touch
with them if there are any issues I
called my insurance company they're like
oh uh call us back if there's any damage
seems to be okay I drove it up here
driving fine I mean I think they kind of
lucked out oh the blood drops be careful
you can hit them but you know like blast
the back it's tough but okay so yeah you
know Jiffy Lube dropped my car that was
so you know Jiffy Lube dropped my car no
big deal you know and I thought oh shit
it's like totaled or something you know
like what the hell but that would have
been the best thing that could happen
because then they'd have to get you a
new fucking car
well no they'd have to give you the car
it's not a terribly new car so then I'd
have to try to find something that
didn't suck
you know so I'm glad that they didn't
told what but yeah
plus you know I would have been able to
just drive right up here yeah but yeah
my day my day you know you guys want to
Train it would've worked out something
yeah but my plans for the day definitely
did not include Jiffy Lube dropping my
car in their pit I mean I was you know
they used to have you drive your car
there and they'd be like everything hand
signals and I'd be kind of nervous but
you know they'd be blah blah blah and
then they'd put their hand up and you'd
be like stop right but no now they do it
and apparently they can't do it either
my favorite there's two spaceships and
they're sending out onion rings and
shrimp and Lizzie your enemies my
shooting of the ships now you're
shooting at the alien shish kebabs okay
the ships are just background
oh yes infer for anyone curious on the
the status of my haunted whore warehouse
I've actually just made a frightening
discovery rich yeah I was told that I
was going to a haunted warehouse full of
Horrors as it turns out I'm in a haunted
house full of we're whores well it's a
it's it's a it's full of whores some of
whom are dead some of whom are women and
some of whom are men which ups the game
for me so I need to figure out which are
women which are men and which are dead
yeah it's it's a it's a dangerous what
which are werewolves were I think they
turn into whores they're whores so so
some of them are regular whores and some
of them are we're whores which are like
man-whores you know okay because that's
what the wearing werewolves mean right
yes yes so like some some other borders
of German words that got turned into
wear that really well yeah I'm again
just using context clues werewolves and
if you're the wolf werewolves okay oh no
I'm you know what I'm doing I'm googling
werewolf a where bitch no no bitch wolf
let's see here but what I kicked that
spot nice oh shit someone else can tell
us okay I am quick we're equals man and
so if you were a wear whore you would be
a man-whore you silly me wait near the
game you and this is what I'm going with
him this is my bitch getting shot I was
doing all right
is is Karen backseat gaming how does it
feel rich justice that's the correct
answer
that's the exact correct answer
welcome to the haunted house full of
where whores I'm muting I need to I'll
be right back okay
to a monster oh it's empty
something I'm looking for some get a key
item well you know one of these there's
a few doors and one of the doors you
still haven't beaten the wishing well
did I even need to fight the onion rings
okay make sense and I'm back what did
you leave Oh nobody nobody noticed oh
yeah I do have a horror where section
Walt Walmart in the red-light district
yeah are you gonna find dildos in whore
wares oh sure you're you're you're
looking for pre-ripped crotchless
stockings right over here in horror
where's nice you know what I'm gonna
call this game guys just from having
seen it not having played it yeah ahead
of its time really I mean there is so
much shit happening that I kind of love
it okay like all the different levels
the the detail and in the pixel art this
is this looks fantastic
the fish with man legs it's a real the
backwards mermen I'm sold on is to video
game yeah it's seriously one of my
favorite nes days of all time just just
for the graphics
it looks great you have you gotta know
the parts with a sea serpents yet that
come out of the water there's like like
his monsters and stuff too there's just
so much good in this leftover beefcake
is requesting that I sing the Monster
Mash I don't know if I held on let me
look up the lyrics for the Monster Mash
and I and then I will sing it for you
leftover beefcake only because you asked
lyrics we need we need lyrics for the
Monster Mash lyrics all right how are we
are we ready for this I would like to
sing the Monster Mash for leftover
beefcake hmm I was working in the lab
late one night when my eyes beheld an
eerie side for my monster from his slab
began to rise and suddenly to my
surprise he did the monster mash it was
a graveyard smash it redid the bones
tomorrow from my laboratory in the
castle east to the master bedroom where
the vampires feast the ghouls all came
from their humble abodes to get juked
from my electrodes I have to stop that
now
why do you oh well thank you thank you I
need to stop now only because if I keep
going I will run out of breath and
possibly embarrass myself and I hear the
back door opening which means Lisa might
be getting home and and that might
embarrass me more if she heard me
singing the Monster Mash
they're nothing nothing's happening in
me I don't know what you're talking
about
certainly not singing the Monster Mash
oh maybe she would do a duet with you
it's quite possible but but unlikely
there was a trip with this thing I had
to avoid the trip because I missed the
fucking door it's probably all the way
near the beginning you can do it rich
aunt I believe in you oh did you die
I've been mathematically eliminated I'm
sorry you're right I should sing I
should sing we're so in love that's
that's how I came up with the song that
I wrote for feeding frenzy you're so in
love by thinking about my wife I thought
about my wife and I thought that we were
so in love and I'm saying it just loud
enough where maybe she might hear the
song I wrote for the movie about aborted
demonic penises fetuses that was fetus
frenzy that was fetus frenzy yeah I I
would I would watch in his frenzy I
could do I could I could watch a movie
called fetus frenzy I think mothers
absolutely
I was watching a YouTube video the other
day where where this guy's doing a
raspberry on his pregnant wife belly and
the fetus like jumps really far Ryan
you're just doing it it's cute this is
terrifying
yeah he's freaking it out he's freaking
out his unborn child and repeatedly
because he's a monster
yeah yeah where did I learn to kick so
well when I don't kick very well at all
I don't play many sports so I don't
understand that question I'm sorry you
know this was the thing about older
games is where they is where they met
were they fair or were they hard to
extend it game play time like where is
there a door where they justified Oh
bullshit bullshit Raymond the wise I am
coming to you tonight from a haunted
house full of where horrors it is my job
tonight to dis to discover which horrors
are women which whores are men which are
wolves and which are dead with the
lights off and my hands tied behind my
back it's been a strange night so far
some ups some downs some bulges some
caverns but we've been doing pretty well
so far I think I'm done unless you want
to try the stitch
if we

[Part II]
have we never played Super Metroid on
the stream right no oh my god we will we
will absolutely rectify that I love
super metroid I played a I played axiom
verge on Sunday that was basically
metroid kick make sure this is dino
wrecked rocky reco Ricky welcome I care
i'm hitting you here we I'm handing you
the control stick control stick is yours
the control stick alright alright having
that shit again indeed having that shit
again there's your meal here's your
beverage thank you I'm average sticker
saturday stream I'll have some space
stick Lords rich says that saturday
stream I'll have some space cop text
adventure for you to give me some
feedback on its modeled on police quests
ok well send us a message no it's a text
adventure stick Lord send us a message
when when you do the thing and the stuff
and and we will give you feedback on it
absolutely just like it Oh big nose the
caveman I remember that that was Genesis
I think Oh fuck's sake rich you need to
start playing the game you know how the
Haunted controller works this is
insanity absolutely or something what
what is this game Ventures of Dino Ricky
this looks interesting oh wait is this
the the bullet hell game yes okay I'm
with you I didn't I didn't expect it
looking dat cartoony
it's cute it's got like dinosaurs and
stuffing and you're a little caveman
it's nothing like big nose the caveman
somebody somebody just posted about that
I remember that game big nose the
caveman there's a cute game I think it
was probably a cave first but there's
also on the Genesis not even close to
bullet-hell well Lee and it's it's the
basic idea it gets worse it's the gray
idiots right oh fuck sake it stopped
again what is wrong with this odd did
you did you try taking out the cartridge
and blowing on it thank you Karen I got
a laugh out of Karen I don't care about
you rich oh yes rich is saving any sort
of excitement about XCOM 2 until he sees
some gameplay in general though rich
like XCOM is a game I mean how many
hours do you think you have an ex-con oh
I've got a whole lot a comical you have
a comical amount of X come and we can
only assume the same group of people are
working on ExComm to done that get you a
little excited shot by these things
either there was that a duck is that is
it slightly more bullet hellish for you
jack uh oh yeah I'm getting there now oh
hey karen is ritas rich playing right
now yeah can you do me a favor and take
them take the mouse and move the cursor
off of the screen oh it's over by him
the cursor is right in the middle of the
game
it is done thank you this controls awful
this kid Oh awful I hate it so much I
love you but I hate this so much this is
this is um you know very uh what am I
thinking what's the what's the airplane
game 1942 yeah yeah very 1942 very
granny asst mean you know it's my
birthday I get to pick you know like my
choice of two games but they've got to
be cheap games and then they're the only
games i have for a few months right oh
you know you learned to deal with what
you got if the game isn't completely
worthless you play it that's the thing
about nostalgia is is oh is that jump
yeah I want to change the game I don't
know that back in the day this is all
this is all we had we had one maybe two
games this is bad it's not supposed to
be this bed to control real or if you
just remember it wrong i think is d beds
like lousy riches d-pad is lousy I
images control okay I also think the
game might be playing you want to bring
your own d-pad next time wear your own
d-pad next time damn I'll look and see
if I get one of those adapters to plug
in an absolute classic you know real
vintage oh wait rich you have one would
you be comfortable using the keyboard no
rich Larry's in there is an NES us be at
the studio where at in the in the set
yeah I I brought it I brought it there
for the for the half of the bank said so
there is an NS there's an NES USB
controller back there somewhere in there
is a look exactly like an old this one
what color is this thing yeah it is
exactly like an old NES one but with a
USB stick all right Karen you you you
you and Jack have to hold
check while I go look for this thing
okay then you so hey apparently tell me
riches deep dark secrets of what he does
in Milwaukee that I don't know about
spill the beans while he's gone well he
he keeps saying that he goes to the
strip clubs for quote unquote research
for space comp okay because that's
something that the character space cop
would do oh okay um anthropological
study right and but but so the only
problem is he's spending a lot of time
at the strip clubs we're starting to get
a little worried about him oh well these
are the boys or the girls that were
strip clubbing it well that's see this
is the really problem is they're neither
boys and nor girls he goes there every
Thursday afternoon in which they they
feature middle-aged businessmen and they
don't really take off their clothes they
just kind of dance in their shoddy suits
pull off their time kind of wave around
exactly but they stay fully clothed yeah
are they like are they good ties or they
like like stupid novelty ties that their
families both of her father's day like
they're good ties but but then they just
hold like idle conversations with you
you know they talk about the weather
they talk about sports teams and so it's
it's a very it's very strange I'm not
ready to call it an addiction on Rich's
part but you know it's a very strange
lifestyle choice that he's making sort
of a compulsion yeah okay look there's
like dinosaur skeletons that climb out
of the ground and whatever and he turns
into steroid Reiki oh my god i just saw
that like I just see him as the super
buff caveman oh I think that is a good
question what uh Karen what do you think
about rich's beard i I'm getting used to
it I really looks it's a little it's a
little bit prickly to kiss but I'm
getting used to
I think it you know and not being the
person who has to kiss Richard space I
like the looks of it I'll tell you what
I do it's got kind of a you know a
scruffy Indiana Jones kind of vibe and
always tried to grow it before and he
never liked how it filled in on the
cheeks but you know I guess as you get
older you get Harrier you know it fills
in better than it used to for sure I I
think it works on this is red beard he
he had told me about it before I came up
and then when I saw it I went holy crap
because it's like I remember him saying
about it but i forgot about and I look
and I'm like whoa cuz it's just it's
different look what I could shave it off
and I'm like now you don't have to it's
fine no I mean I its kind of oh my
goodness that really is like vintage
retro yeah it's even like got like a
yellowish cast to it oh yeah that's I
bought that for the sole reason of
playing shovel knight I'm not I'm not
joking you know I was like it was like a
buck 50 on amazon and I got to play a
shovel knight with an NES controller and
it was perfect and wonderful a major
problem what am I Mel school is it
working can you play the game you well
that's the thing I gotta set up I need
any emotion okay thank you rich for
grabbing this controller for me that was
very rich for going to set it up for me
it's very nice of urine I'm just trying
to be helpful i was thinking logic by
even trollers YP by disparaging me for
dropping the mouse I'm just saying I
think it fell before see guess we fight
like this all the time hit up we've been
doing it for years get up up okay I'm
glad you know I'm glad I wasn't there
for that that would have been awkward
and I've been in the middle of that
horrible i don't i don't know if it's
even recognizing buttons
right was there was there any drivers to
install once you plugged it in nothing
nothing happened once I got plugged in
um no head start exactly captain epic I
don't know there's a mountain this is
the new any things that people fight
about is like where the mouse went
what's the netflix password you know
that's gonna be the new okay no just not
worry jack your fancy controllers not
doing anything why is my fancy
controller doing anything I don't know
you probably have to download a driver
or something oh I don't know how it
works I plugged it into my computer and
it worked that's all I know you know you
know what I know what do you know bill
ted lace hometown Markab don got lee
ryan crew dr. Talos smelter wedge in all
of us child bride spooky duty he luck
his strikes lucky strikes when I rmt for
Christ's crow usque CRO I escaped scoot
mehul gun roar gotten roar buttermilk
biscuits ahhhhh looks and and oz mike
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we very much do
all right um yeah let me try plugging
into a different port we'll see if it
recognizes it
this is nothing 111 huge disaster after
the other yes that's kind of that's
that's kind of our thing rich right I
heard of book ooh that's that's uh which
is promising that's promising those that
the bump means something happens
installed successfully good boom boom
it's happening we're doing it alright
hit up really did you hit up shit left
you know I'm gonna close this program
inside the program ran that's great yes
zool tonight jack is coming to you from
a haunted house we don't know why jack
is coming to you from a haunted house
warehouse a haunted warehouse well I was
told it was a I was told it was a
haunted warehouse full of whores but as
it turns out it was a haunted house full
of we're whores so how does that explain
your echo then if you're not know where
house jack you just you just ruined the
whole bed it's oh well it's square
richest European it rich it's still a
very large house oh okay the bits on
life support the bit the bit was never
good to begin with but I like the turn I
like the turn of phrase and so we're
keeping it going all right now head up
why don't it okay if somebody wants to
send them illustrations of what he
wanted where whorehouse looks like
please do please send us illustrations
of lay a a haunted house full of where
horrors what's a what would a where
horror look like what you like you're
very hairy or Wilson here's because
because here's the the fun part is like
horror
is not necessarily gender specific so
these could just be like regular dudes
right but then in the full moon they
turn into they turn into you know dude
whores well you know being being a
werewolf it's got to be bad for your
career you know it's like every 30 days
you know you just randomly miss work you
know and if however they werewolves her
every night for a week or is it only on
the night of the full moon I believe
it's only on the night of the full moon
but i but the full moon was I think it
would turn into a male prostitute jack
well I'm just thinking just that you
know whoring has flexible hours and you
know if your werewolf this is
interfering with your ability to hold
down a job you know it might be a good
job for werewolves okay all right all
right I'm with you I'm getting I'm
getting with you you don't you know what
I think what money this is somebody's
first and last stream hey all right you
think they tried to play a video game
that didn't work then the kempei I just
kept on talking about sexy to do nothing
else is working then nothing on let it
stop working yeah immediately after and
it's like I've watched rlm before and I
enjoy their movie discussions and I've
watched prereq before and I like their
video game discussions but then they
just kept talking about dudes note to
self get better emulator and window or
you spend hours being flexible indeed
you do I would imagine I can only
imagine the only prerequisite to
becoming a horror is Luna losing any
source any sense of standards well
obviously I mean you've got some
standards you're only gonna put out for
people who pay you right I spoke maybe
that's it maybe you're right maybe
you're right like a whore is not
necessarily the quality of people you're
with it's just the quantity well it's
the nature of the relationship you're
being you're being paid as opposed to
doing it for fun or do we get out of
obligation
sure but if you're being well I guess
then that goes back to my first point
which is like if you're being paid you
can't necessarily like choose your
clientele you're just like you know
that's capitalism okay so how are you
feeling about Jack's hipster control
many games my hipster controller you
used to play this a lot decades ago yes
I think I think that that that's part of
it I used to play this a lot when I was
like 12 are you 12 anymore I don't think
so I mean I was that was like that was
like eight years ago d wow he's a lot of
time to forget how to play a game you
got super mario brothers i want to test
it on that because that's a game but yes
I'm glad Louise in fact I have every
game ever made wats how funny lady died
then we'll switch them all then we'll
play Super Mario Brothers and wait for
Nintendo's lawyers to come after us you
have jump in the water do you have a
game audio on huh get to go around the
water you have to jump on with a little
rubber bands officially one I could turn
the sound on the game up oh I just
didn't know if you had I just didn't
know if you had it on I had it
deliberately turned down oh right so
much for your jumping comes in yeah
Nintendo's lawyers now might not shove
down our throat for nes games with no
sound here let's are you done with this
okay
oh I know what the problem is those
things make you walk really fast ah
there's one good mine what's happening
judge is going lip I'm just going what
right I think that's a great idea let's
go at it but I'm like I know what's
going on this game oh yeah that's what
you gotta do ouo you got the boots yeah
those but those boots we've all I mean
we've all heard about those boots okay
okay okay classic super mario brothers
classic super mario brothers what not
three not three not doki doki panick not
the Lost Levels numero uno okay rich
ready Super Mario Brothers no death run
go I can do that you think yeah that's
probably gonna happen tonight that
should be a thing we do Mario take so
long to play she's called us and beat
well super others duck on one word just
fine okay ready duck hunt no death Ron
go physic these are good these are good
jobs because he's don't die in that gun
that's why the dick joke is no your dog
just laughs at you you just landed you
good job that dog to says her joke and
that anti-air joke you're getting choked
how's controller
can you can I talk about the controller
and you called it my hip stick
controller I'm sorry jack but you bought
a controller looks identical to an old
NES controller it isn't all NES
controller just with the USB plate and
shaina on the back and there's no
Nintendo trademark information on here
at all it's a knockoff well sure the
plastic is are like yellowy yeah that
made it look as much like a good as an
old s controller but it's really not oh
no no but it'sit's it plays like an old
NES controller i like i like it to
riches and all is an angry old man you
say it was only a buck or two there's on
amazon it's only it was like a buck 50
on amazon it was great this is how you
play better thank you Karen rich you can
suck it yeah yeah I probably can well
good you got ya you know what you know
what's up then has everybody feel about
those Blackhawks what happened with the
blanket I don't know they're the first
game of the Stanley Cup Finals today I
don't know if they won or lost or if the
games even over yet good streaming
basically rich is asking for information
oh yeah yeah your control works fine
I think it's just been so long since i
played those other games yeah that's the
thing about those kudos classics they're
a lot harder than you remember me every
single one of them talks 1221 yay oh
shit but here are hipster you know I
yeah I guess I have some hipsterish
tendencies and I'm um I'm comfortable
with them but you're not like Portlandia
levels of hamster you know I can't
imagine no I can't imagine people that
are well chad is saying they scored two
goals and the final six bets nice
congratulations then black ops they
wondered they won the last Stanley Cup
against the Boston by scoring twice in
the last 20 seconds wow I didn't even
know they were down by one then they
scored and Boston was like ah shit we're
going to overtime and then Blackrock
scored again it's over for them they
went from the Boston went from thinking
they were going to win to thinking I'll
fuck now we got to go to overtime to be
big dog that's great that's great known
for those asking about my hipster his
tendencies I mean there are people that
are worse i live in a pretty hipsterish
neighborhood there is a man on my block
who currently is training himself to
ride a unicycle operating a manual
typewriter while he does it right right
for the record I was just giving jack
shit that wasn't an accusation oh no
actually you kind of a cute controller I
i I'm not I was just using that as a
jumping off point to talk about this man
who's trying learning to ride a unicycle
okay absolutely indistinguishable from a
classic
eight buttons on the controller well I
mean the key is the the information on
the back which isn't there just is it
just as a large print made in china
right and they don't give it they don't
give no fucks of our copyright shut up
listen I got it for a buck fifty there I
don't give no fucks about how it was
made or I made it or it's probably full
of like awful plastic that'll give you
cancer but that's fine everything's fine
everything's fine I'll mote most of the
time everything's going so Karen when's
the last time you played the original
Super Mario Brothers this is the real
question and rut relatively classic
style hardware and everything no I mean
just in general lie or and and not just
like like he picked up an emulator on
your phone and played a level or two
like ones the last time he played it for
realsies ok these I I i had an emulator
running on my intent of d/s actually mmm
and you know it was fairly true to the
original sure sure so but as far as
playing it on the autumn are green
playing all the way through or even just
playing it on the DS but like playing it
with with heart you know like playing it
to beat it not just to fuck around for a
little bit and what are your impressions
it never changes that's the great thing
is our way to change the application
well the original was that right wow
it's not compressed at all she used to
you're used to widescreen yeah the
borders which nobody in the chat can see
our light blue like the sky which is
weird that is weird you've grown
accustomed to fall by three I was raised
by it on from it that's a that's a quote
from star wars episode 1 the Phantom
Menace I don't know what your favorite
pokemon is I'm so old that I was
probably out of high school I don't know
if we were out we might have been we
were definitely you know if Pokemon is
aimed at and children may be very early
teens we were older than that Jack
wondered when did pokemons become a
thing Jack no it's old enough to have
coconuts out I know that well textin you
know the the original pokemon game was a
ridge inul game boy game yeah I and the
original game boy came out in 81 so I'm
gonna assume it oh yeah I'm sorry was
that was there 91 nes came out maybe one
my know about guiding won the Super NES
came out very well no came out 84 yeah
the Sterling was not a gameboy before
there was a nest
the game boy might be like 89 yeah 89 I
think maybe 90 these could all be true I
really thought so one of them came out
in 81 no heck man heck man came out lady
whack man came on anyone possibly eight
Atari maybe oh that's like 79 2600 hmm
all right okay so um original Pokemon
came out in 1995 Oh God we were
graduating high school yeah we were
graduating high school we depending on
the month we may have already been out
yeah okay so we were like college age
that's why we don't really have norton
anthology there's no poking memories
going on Coco good there's no no will
find us we were old enough to realize
that it was a shameless ploy to get you
to buy hundreds of little figures
bankrupt your parents number we were the
care bears and cabbage patch kids age it
was demographic for that yourself yeah
okay the American hero baby and I was
like when when the first Pokemon game
came out if that's 95 then I was in
eighth grade okay so you were more the
demographic maybe a little bit of your i
was i was told her and I didn't find
Pokemon until after high school oh and i
love the ever-loving crap out of pokemon
pokemons fantastic games sounds dreadful
like edgy cards or something like RPGs
well there is a card game I've never
played the card game i've only played
the video games
and then the video games are fantastic
it's a light you know turn-based RPG and
you get to collect adorable little
monsters that turn into horrific
fighting moms that like turn into
fighting beasts you know but they start
off as cute little monsters so no I
grumbles they're ripping off gremlins is
what you're telling me um yes one
hundred percent ok now it's great
pokemons great uh it's great as many
fans I've I have played it every single
pokemon game up until the current
generation played in beat every single
punk c'mon game up until the current
generation is among people your age
better known as a video game franchise I
thought it was mostly about either
collecting cards or collecting like
plastic toys or something I just for I
mean for me it's always been a video
game franchise but I know I know some
people who only know the card game and
some people who only know the TV show
but you know for me gotta spend a ton
you know yeah but oh sure knowing and
like that's part of it like part of the
charm of the game is the the wealth of
Pokemon you know and you everyone knows
the basic premise you know you collect
Pokemon and fight you train them to
fight for you right and they're
basically your woody country thank you
very very slaves but what if dog
fighting or cock fighting for the junior
set one like that is there like it
doesn't Peter like look out for Pokemon
I'm sure I'm sure PETA has looked at for
Pokemon no well what do you call it in
in an RPG when you have your crew I
can't think of the specific man party
your party yes thank you so you know you
you build your party and you try to get
like a diverse set of Pokemon because
there's this underlying rock paper
scissors element to it you know like for
example a grass pokemon is strong
in a water pokemon and a water pokemon a
stronger than a fire pokemon and a fire
pokemon I stronger than a grass pokemon
right and so the good here I know rich I
don't care if you're bored I'm talking
pokemon and so and so there's this like
team building party building element to
Pokemon games that's fantastic because
you know in every new area you you have
new pokemon that you can catch you have
to fight him to catch them and and then
you like build your perfect team but
then you can play the same game again
and have a new team or do fun Stan I
find I find a lot photo my name it it's
it feel like the the collection element
of Pokemon is what it's all about is
like grabbing you know making sure I
have a hundred person gotta gotta catch
them all you do oh god I love it and
they're adorable oh yeah kind of yellow
thing with like lightning bolt tail
heisel he's only the lead one in this
show in in the game in the game they're
different and I think they're adorable
but in any case it's it's it's a game
that is understandably hit writing a
Twinkie that isn't that's adventure time
oh that's not even a game that's a
television show on on Cartoon Network we
can't keep track with this new fangled
kids stuff all the kids are plan
you know an ancient ancient necro wants
to know like if I think the game would
be better if you didn't need to grind
between beating the eighth gym leader in
the Elite Four I've never had that
problem to me the the pokemon games have
never had a grinding element because i
thought they handled the difficulty
curve rather well as opposed to like
Dragon Warrior where you're like
fighting a slide fighting a slime
fighting a slide fighting a slime
fighting ass line trying to go the part
exactly exactly and but and in Pokemon
you know once you move to the next area
all the wild Pokemon are a little bit
stronger and all the trainers are a
little bit stronger and so it's a
constant challenge and you're constantly
gaining the perfect amount of XP to
level up your team and of course because
there is that rock paper scissors
element even if your water pokemon is a
little bit weaker than the fire pokemon
that you're playing against there's a
chance of beating him because your
attacks are strong against that you know
so there's that strategic elements to
the game and it's very light strategy I
almost feel bad saying strategy but
because it's so light strategy but so
I've never found that Pokemon has had a
grind to it
and I'm getting a little passionate
about this charge I need to settle them
Karen have you seen Mad Max fury road
chat wants to know we were gonna see it
today but we decided to go miniature
golfing here Oaks torrance Karen keeps
finding reasons to do something else
well yesterday idea and today it was a
nice house I'm dying to see that movie
against so bad so bad everybody
everybody in the chat you need to tell
Karen how good/bad max fury road is rich
yeah it's playing at the movie theater
near me now which is a move it's a like
an older movie theater we should go to
that one we should go see it again
that's fine time yesterday we did trivia
today we're doing the stream she hasn't
officially said she refuses to see it
but she but she is she is the opposite
of excited here it got like ninety-nine
percent on rotten tomatoes you know it's
not that I've lived and died by to me
the towboat ometer but it's something
it's 98 or 99 percent it's usually you
know decent i can i can hear her in her
head saying Oh bother every time I bring
it up it's it's a it's quite a wonderful
have you seen any of the the original
Mad Max movie scared what's right holler
at least garden one the rich was
watching the debates to do a live show
what oh I had a and start do you get to
start where you wait wait wait wait if
you had a and start you can start you
died is that a thing yeah really yeah I
had no idea no idea you could start
where you left off you hold a and start
and you start from yeah oh my god i
never knew really fucking shit
I think you just changed people's lives
Karen that would have changed my young
life tremendously oh my god ya know it
feel old eligible yeah I usually have
like the nintendo like cheat guides i
had the subscription of nintendo power
and like the nintendo cheat books that
had all like they hidden easter egg
stuff and all that and the masts episode
of that kind of shit oh my god yeah 05
is rich not doing as well see i I had
friends in bed too tender when I
completely I started playing super mario
brothers it's the friends house and I
totally fell in love with intendo and my
parents made me wait like months until
is my birthday to get it and I got one
anyway to make a long story short i got
my nintendo in like the end near the end
of nineteen ninety which was just in
time for the super nintendo to come out
and then you notice a bacon games for my
parents would find me one of those but
do you have any time no and yeah it's
another reason I did it was so many
weird obscure games thing what was left
absolutely before I was like a funcle'
land oh when I first when fun colon came
out I was I was a kid in a candy store
it was wonderful there are probably
people who don't know what phone call
and his funcoland was a games gamestop
bought them or maybe change their name
to them I forget who wha wad and
whatever but it was basically like a
gamestop it was yeah hold us the
original games yeah it was a secondhand
video game store which was revolutionary
and awesome but miraculous yes all those
things yeah I mean you know when I was
12 I never dreamed that you know I'd be
able to go on the internet and
procure copies every single game ever
made and that they would be tiny little
things I'm gonna play on anything you
practically play them on your toaster if
you have the right kind of toaster I
guarantee you you can play Super Mario
Brothers I exhausted or even even back
back in high school I mean like freshman
year high school I had a I saved some
cereal box tops and send a little money
away and I gotta watch the play tetris
tetris is simple enough that it actually
works pretty well I didn't I'm just
resetting I'm just resetting fucking so
I could turn the sound off and sit there
play Tetris in class on my rest
absolutely like I remember you know
getting my first like graphing
calculator and you can place a con it
exactly ti-83 and I and you could play
snake on it and I thought that it was a
revolution I wasn't one of the good math
kids so I stopped after geometry at back
then we were required to have two years
of math and I just want the water was
prior to have I didn't actually have to
buy a graphing calc oh sure yeah there
was a lot of that stuff I remember I
remember a big a big deal for my high
school guidance counselor was really
upset at me because I didn't take any
foreign language courses
oh so that was a big thing for you I
mean I think of standards were pretty
low for us at the time because I mean I
graduated with like the the honor or
special curriculum because you know I
took like four years of English instead
of like two or whatever and whatever
else you know they set the bar pretty
low that I was at the higher tier of it
and that was pretty low well I like I
just remembered like there was a big
hubbub about like the fact that I didn't
take any any foreign language courses
and like there were there were people in
my class who were convinced that i would
not graduate high school if I didn't
take any foreign language courses and at
least i took i thought it was totally
cool that they offered jurgen to german
with something a little bit different
and yes I suppose I haven't really made
me use out of it since but I took German
I went on the school trip to Germany I
was totally obsessed with German I had
little stickers all over the
refrigerator with the names of all these
different foods and stuff in German uh
you know I was a total like Germany
clunky so I I'm not sure foreign
language was required but I took four
years for fun because i was a dork sure
sure no no I just like I just never I'd
never cared exco and and eventually all
it took what's your third year called
when you're in high school I always
forget what they're called your senior
you men know your realm thank you your
junior year I don't root cuz I don't
care about high school um you're in
you're in my junior year my my guidance
counselor was was really upset at me and
like trying to force me to take a a
foreign language course
and what what oh no dispensing what
somebody helpfully said freshman
sophomore junior senior career no thank
you thank you um and said well you know
just it was one of those things where
you start to realize the the works along
a naina T the BS of high school I loved
high school because no one cared I liked
high school ID what's junior high school
like 7th 8th grade 6 7 8 nah and I know
what Union before people in the chat
saving I know what junior high school is
I just wanted to know what grades
Cameron was kind of right because yeah
the names vary between middle school and
junior high school and in some schools
it was young as far their fifth grade
for middle school and in some schools
it's as late as seventh and eighth and
even some there I've even heard of
schools having 9th grade as part of
junior i right oh yeah it varies
tremendously in my particular district
it was sixth seventh and eighth at the
time and I hate single second of it
kids that age are just kids kids any age
are assholes and that includes adults
you have a larger circle of people that
you can hang out with and people aren't
quite so nasty to each other or maybe
they are but my friends were more laid
back you know it's just my frenchie like
garbage now too but it's all for a pulse
nice rich hard major I said it's all for
business rich they treat you like
garbage but it's all for a profit that
makes it better um no comment yeah my
job often reminds me junior high school
when people start getting all who's
farting you used on girl farting that's
all right y'all make y'all make it all
the faces you want to somebody wants to
know if you took calculus me yeah no I
don't mean to be some kind of like
feminine stereotype but no I'm not
especially math I don't think that's a
stereotype I think that's normal I think
there are people who are good at math
and there are there's literally everyone
else and my sisters math teacher reason
I didn't end up taking calculus cuz i'm
relatively smart but in junior high I
this miserable child I was bullied
constantly
and when I was bullied in junior had my
grades just they bottom out cuz I didn't
care of his miserable at school I was
like a D student in junior high and then
you stand your based on your junior high
school grades they stuck you in there is
that means they stuck me an embrace you
were in a track they made it really hard
for you though welson oh here's I didn't
take the classes in order here's the
thing though once once I got to high
school I stopped taking shit from
bullies I stopped giving a shit what
other people thought of me my grade shut
up even though I started but you know a
little bit of a setback I still made the
the honors curriculum or love that yeah
the good what was it go ahead since you
started in pre-algebra there wasn't
enough time yes yes it was like when I
was in geometry I fucking wrecked the
curve I fuckin I fucking wreck though I
literally wrecked the fucking curve
because like the test would have voted
ok panic the test would have liked bonus
points and I got a hundred percent on
the test normally and i also got bonus
points so i got over a hundred on the
test i literally made the curve more
difficult for everybody else I just like
I've never I've never heard you say I
wrecked the curve that sounded like you
were a villain in an 80s movie oh man i
was at the slopes the the other day I
wrecked the curve yo I love it rich I
love it that your record curves I had
one class where the teacher graded on a
curve that I can think of and that was
like my psych Stosh class and the
teacher would always people it was right
at you know it was that like one of the
afternoon was after lunch for a lot of
people the room was always kind of warm
Alex we had no windows in the school it
was all set up for air conditioning and
you know and I he would always go if
you're getting an a in my class you can
sleep otherwise wake up you know and he
bugged people who were sleeping but I
set the curve first test
always let me sleep so I was class and
then you know the day is a test or day
before the toes you know I would study
it's not that I didn't study it's just I
didn't study at class I slept at class
sure oh my goodness what is this oh wait
this is something river this is doki
doki amusement park oh how interesting
no this is this isn't the doki doki
panick this is something different God
see if i can find doki doki panick yeah
fine doki doki panick I want to see some
our brothers to doki doki panick if I
can find it well I was looking for the
original yeah I want to see what it
looks like before the Morrow's right the
under s not for doki doki panick it's
super I brothers too I'm looking for the
Dupree before they made it super re
brother su know if that's easy to find
rich hack the planet no for fuck's sake
gotta we gotta hack the plane you want
summary for the store do you want
something else we want Dukey Dukey Super
Mario jet Jax Jax uh doki doki no one
doki doki me there you go there you go
have you ever seen little evil the dream
master no are you familiar with little
emo at all nope notable I know dia de
Finding Nemo you know you can find it
anymore doing the fish no doing the fish
no unusual name but

[Part III]
fish but he was an artist at the turn of
the 20th century he just did these he's
beautiful like full-page newspaper
strips that were just gorgeous about
this kid he was living in this dream
world and there's a Nintendo game
inspired by it but I've look up sometime
look up Little Nemo the dream master
there's there's a new graphic novel
recently about it and stuff I mean it's
it's in the style of the original lease
when Winsor McCay I think I'll certainly
give the original original set credit
for art it's it's beautiful it's
beautifully dry it's a wonderfully
imagined world oh and you know what it
just isn't watching the stream now like
I was I was hoping you would find the
original Japanese dope yeah I can't okay
I'm with him
I like the super mothers to still yeah
just crap what yep maybe you're crap you
everything about that I did yeah yeah oh
yeah look at that all the time
there you go you leave you leave super
my brother's too alone
they know what's up need to pick up
mushrooms and shit it's crazy supposed
to jump on mushroom does not pick them
up backwards they jump on him pick it up
and you know what you do you throw him
that's right
this game was a cash grab yep well
technically it was not a cash grab it
was a last-minute scramble like Karen
said the the original Super Mario
Brothers 3 which is referred to now as
The Lost Levels in any reference to the
original Super Mario Street thank you I
was deemed too difficult for American
audiences and so then they needed to
slap together a Super Mario Brothers
game on its own merits I mean yes it's
nothing like the rest of the reactors
but on its own merits I don't think it's
a bad game no it's not it's not a big no
and you know this shy guy is one of my
favorite Mario Brothers character of all
time and maybe these characters have
found their way into other like the
ba-ba-ba-ba-bom shy guys ya know there's
a bunch of stuff from this game but it's
it's still a fun fun game but III don't
want to call it a cash grab it was a
it's more of an insult to American
audiences than anything but but I don't
know is a cash grab by the way it gets
ridiculously hard way around now don't
they tend to release easier versions of
games in Japan
flipped I have no idea I do not live in
Japan that's that's that's true I don't
pay that much attention to games
released in Japan
that's right
donkey gonghui we have not seen worch
the the main villain of Super Mario
Brothers 2 is work to the Frog and we
have not seen a wart show up in any
other Mario franchise and since Bertos
around though like Berto you can be
Berto in Super Mario Kart you know but
wart wart is not around that's
interesting mmm the Mouser was in the
cartoon though was work in the cartoon I
woke up extra early just to watch more
cartoons yeah I tried then I'd fall back
asleep like I I considered it my job to
wake up extra early on Saturday morning
just so I could watch more cartoons
I used to be good at this
thank you Oh bother that was a lovely
little cartoon that you linked I don't
think they have I guess you can call
those things shy guys I don't recall
seeing that mask that chases you around
ever again
oh that's a creepy-ass mask well yeah
and basically like the guy in the carpet
is like look Yuto you know you don't see
them you don't see the mask anymore but
the the ghosts in Super Mario Brothers 3
where you turn your back on them and
they follow you or the same concept oh
sure I'm with you this is this is the
part I always liked loved and I was so
confused by as a kid like going into the
pot and then as soon as you go inside
it's a giant pot it's hardest it's
bigger on the inside and I loved I I
both loved that and was terribly like oh
you see you know I always thought of it
like the pipes and the first one I
thought I'd hear you were just
underground and then the vases just led
to what I don't care about - oh sure and
you know I guess I took it too literally
where it's just like you're going in a
pot but the pots way bigger when you're
inside how wheat looking at it I'm
assuming you're right jack I'm assuming
that's what they meant but still they
were Oh
isn't that fun now there's those birds
that are carrying things I thought they
were carrying keys it took me a while to
figure out you could go into the pots
and I was trying to
ways to get the keys from the birds i
strip-searched those birds a dozen times
I've seen things on those bugs that no
person should see although they would
like the ice stages the princess is kind
of useful because she can hover Oh Cyril
about who's most efficient like yes yes
like I never play as toad and I never
play as Mario he picks up and throws
things fast which by the way was never
useful the only people to play as is
Luigi or peach because they can both
jump higher or longer yeah even Mario
made no sense in this game like Mario
well they're like the ones hoops the
ones who don't jump as high they don't
lose as much ability to jump when
they're holding stuff they have
different advantages still I don't see
any reason to play other than this guy
who especially if you hold down and
power up his jump
yeah this guy you're not even gonna say
his damn name nope don't say his name
don't you dare Sully this stream with
that assholes name
goodnight Lucky Strikes
thank you for coming out good night
first leaving
oh god I don't I don't know if I don't
know if I can describe how creepy like
walking into the bird head was as a kid
oh sure it is a fancy door but it's a
creepy door don't you think it's a bird
head and you walk into its mouth but I
never saw it like a real bird I saw just
like a fancy carving I sound like a real
burger no I never did I saw like like a
shrink see kind of thing mean see what
do you want me to say shipping see I've
never heard a chink see like that oh yes
we have the shrinks
we have - Fink's and we will shell -
Fink's of a chef in the Schillings yes s
Joe we all know the the ending
sissy from our brothers - so by the way
spoiler alert spoiler alert - a 30-year
old game I'm about to discuss the ending
to Super Mario Bros 2 and now so in the
end of the game you defeat wart and as
it turns out the entire game was Mario's
dream which is why it was so different
than all the other Mario games you know
it's like they thought about that but
that was that was literally the the most
tacked on ending you could ever ask for
because it was just a different game to
begin with because again this was not a
Mario game this was a different game
that they slapped a Mario skin on which
is fine couldn't make a cannon for all
that matters in Super Mario Brothers yes
it's like it's technically Cannon but
it's it's not real cannon like shy guys
are real and they were part of Mario's
dream because they're real I guess was
the land of dreams right
go hold on Google you know when I google
it
he's one kinda I'm gonna Google Mario -
boom what does it say on Mario that he
dreams of shy guys he just wants to meet
a nice man you know but nothing wrong
with that
a boy he always is plumbing he's
cleaning out a ship from people's toilet
he's like man I just wanted meet a nice
man
nice because you know hey he doesn't
want a man who's full of himself you
know and that princess she's all up in
her own ass offerin cake to be saved and
she don't give no shit about Mario
where's this diary gameplay plot Mario
Luigi toad and Princess Toadstool must
free the dreamland known as sub con from
a villains
subcon you know I bet well over that
nice sub god
and the original a plot to doki doki
panick is while two children are reading
a story a monstrous Handa suddenly
appears from inside the pages and
kidnaps them when the rest of the family
hears their cries for help they jump
into the story to save them
take a rest all your bounce
all right what
who blow things up you gotta get up you
gotta get the mouse to blow up the wall
then you can go on the wall and got
throw the bombs back at the mouse to
blow up the mouse it's a hole the mouse
like yeah you gotta blow up the mouse
night it's a hole anti Disney message
it's really it's really deep get the
mouse rich you're not being helpful it's
just not it's not being helpful like I'm
sure your cute little beads
by the way I don't bother you're right
that is one cool Mouse I mean he has
sunglasses
oh sorry
oh sorry I think sorry everyone's your
wife I think what Karen's trying to say
rich is settled down because that's what
you need to do she's way up on she's way
up in
ya know this whole thing is great the
mouse is great throwing the bombs great
playing and playing that little bit of
Super Mario Brothers one reminds me of
how kind of lame the boss fights are
super my brothers one you know like the
levels are super fun and of course
that's that's the meat of the game is
the platforming exactly over and over
again no I don't know anything that's
very small like like the old floppy disk
well I'm not I'm not the rest of the
Super Mario Brothers makes up for how
lame the boss fights were but that's all
I'm saying is in Super my brothers too
you get a little more to do with the
bosses then run up and jump on an axe
yeah you got a catch bone row yeah three
is very different but the the leap from
Super Mario Brothers 1 to 2 what a super
fast pace to was kind of plotting
plotting it's been plotting it's been
slow little it's nuts that focuses it so
much of running through levels digging
up things all right jumping Mario game
yes well it's because this is not
necessarily a platformer Super Mario
Brothers is a platformer this is not a
platformer
the Rising Sun wants to know rich-rich
do you know who James Wan is James Wan
is a film director do you know who that
is okay he is the person who directed
the Saw movies he directed insidious the
conjuring not seen it he directed a few
right he also directed insidious chapter
2 and the conjuring 2 well and and I
will speak I will always speak highly of
the first to saw movie I thought that
was calling that was a fun low-budget
horror movie James Wan has recently been
announced as the director of the Aquaman
movie different most recently he
directed Furious 7 I believe actually
that is how it happens in modern-day
Canon is like his hand is trapped and he
needs to cut it off like like 28 hours
later or whatever let's go but uh Jane
uh I haven't seen any of James wons
recent movies but given that he has
given the names and what I assume about
what he has made I can only imagine that
Aquaman is going to be an utterly dull
piece of garbage
yeah I don't care about I don't think
anybody cares about Aquaman I don't
think that's going to change
no because direct movie that's not true
you're lying to yourself you're lying to
yourself and to us Karen and I don't
appreciate that
there is there's absolutely no one who
cares about Aquaman something wrong
about getting a a or director to direct
the superhero film DC what are they
doing man
they don't even know are they fucking
doing it's great it's you know what the
the only exciting part about it is like
DC is turned into the wild card you know
they don't even know what they're doing
and that's kind of exciting
that was weird
I think it's given James wands per pen
city to direct sequels and his
willingness to directs visionless pieces
I think it's a perfect choice for DC who
wants control over their properties with
it no one to tell them now and he's
going to direct exactly the movie that
DC wants him to direct and that's fine
but don't care so much it's amazing yeah
yeah yeah
trying to keep trying to care less great
it's not happening sure do you have I
mean who gives a fuck about Aquaman I
mean in real I mean real real people is
there any real person who actually reads
Aquaman or cares about Aquaman is it
thank you rich
I do neighbours more interesting this
name were blatantly an asshole that's
fun they were neighbors perfectly fine
with destroying the surface world of
course
who do you think they'll go that route
are they like you know he's dark now and
he wants to destroy the surface dwellers
I will Google it cuz name wars not not
one of the 60 Stanley creations
neighbors so anymore actually might
predate Aquaman I'm looking at him
Aquaman's the first appearance was in
November 1941 Neymar
okay ready for this
yeah Namor 1939
namor the sub-mariner is two years older
than Aquaman boom boom fucking boom 1939
Jesus Christ they've been making comics
for a long time his first appearance was
in the comic publication motion picture
funnies weekly what was that noise and
how do you make it again wonderful I
know if you can find one of those comic
books you've got a fortune on your hands
oh I'm sure there might be no known
copies of
Oh namor okay jack Thundercats and I
mean I don't give a fuck why you know
was the lamest character of all time
their son Maya is fuckin on yeah I
shouldn't be rooting for the villains to
win because I think the heroes are so
lame haha yeah I never got Thundercats
I'm sorry Karen I can't be with me on
this I just don't I just did I never I
never understood besides like the
Thundercats are the good guys and
mumm-ra's the bad guy I never understood
why they were fighting
you know like with like he-man is pretty
lame but like he had a whole town that
he was protecting or whatever I got that
I never understood Thundercats world why
were they fighting against bummer sure I
never got it wasn't my dick I like the
toys a lot more of a lot of 80s
properties more so than I look at the
cartoons like the he-man cartoon hate
bohemian cartoon love the e man toys I I
wanted to see chrisandem you kicked in
the nuts cause such a fucking pussy I
hate for example well wasn't that look I
love the he-man toys wasn't that her
shtick that Rachel like wasn't he
supposed to be the pussy just so he
could be the hero I couldn't
I was so annoyed by him I couldn t IJ oh
I love the comic books the comic books
had a body count I mean they weren't
afraid to murder people they didn't use
laser guns in the comics they use
fucking machine guns
oh god I didn't know that yeah never
ever did your brother Cobra Commander
was an actual threat missin cartoon
bullshit comic Cobra Commander was a
disgruntled used-car salesman who over
time built up his own terrorist network
and it's it's so much more interesting
than he was a snake man comic books had
Snake Eyes man with a ninja soldier with
a melted face the cartoon said dude oh
yeah yeah yeah he's on like three
episodes Flint you mean you mean Duke
with a black shirt
I
yes
got a stretch gotta keep moving rich yep
keep moving I need to uh save walk for a
new back that's what we're doing saving
up for a new back that's the next
purchase yep we're forgoing the the
steam box because a new back will be
slightly cheaper
that's what they call a zinger oh that
was I mean that was a bad joke and I
accept that was a bad joke I said it
anyway because I thought it was funny
because sometimes I think bad jokes
funny nobody ever talked about the wheel
warriors they've been if they're
forgotten eighties property the wheel
warriors they drove cars with like giant
saws mounted on their buds and laser gun
lots of laws dino saucers
I don't remember any of these things you
are you're slightly older than I am yeah
I suppose I am I really young one Jason
my arrow is more of the 90s also also as
far as our rated children's stuff I
always preferred the comic book ninja
turtles to the to the Carter Ninja
Turtles when when I was a kid sure you
know I've never read the comic book
Ninja Turtles you know you know they
defeat the shredder
Leonardo decapitate sim and it's Jesus
it an epic one-on-one duel it's probably
my favorite comic book ever oh it's your
they're fighting on the top of an
exploding building that's great I wonder
if I can get the trade is there I'm sure
there's I have just actually I'm kind of
upset I discovered recently that I'm
missing one of my old Turtles volumes so
I'm missing like a whole chunk of issues
I use them all though missing like you
used to have it and it's cool haven't
read it all the time when I was younger
and I went to dig it out recently just
to revisit the turtles I can't fucking
find it well I know I don't
that's actually really terribly
that is really terrible I recently we
went to the library the other day and
just sitting there in the DVD rack was
the Michael Bay produced Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtle movie grabbed it I grabbed
it I grabbed it and I watched it because
it was a chance to watch it for free oh
yeah man man just terrible yeah I mean
of course I was but it's it's so much
worse than you would think it would be I
mean it wasn't like amazing spider-man
bad but it was pretty bad how can you
how can you title a movie after the
people who were we don't meet until an
hour into the movie I don't care the
answer is I don't care yeah that's fine
that's fine I don't want I like it I
guess I don't want to care to be into it
that much but it was just one of those
things right yes it was bad cartoon show
there are young turtles free quality
pretty quality it's great season one was
high quality hmm season two they're
trying to sell toys what you know I get
it it's for kids
season one pretty season one's pretty
awesome I'm wearing to work the season
four over here it's there yeah yeah
season four examine no season fours out
and it's funny it is fun there was there
was just Pizza zombies every I think
that season three
oh and you know like the way they do a
dynamic we've been watching them through
Amazon Instant oh and they do them
through like collections maybe that's
the problem
okay but it's fun whatever it is it's
fun and pizza zombies in which a giant
talking pizza turns gives people Pizza
faces it's great Heys nearest pizza face
you know it's pretty good rich did you
paint the Kenner Han Solo action figure
painting in the our LM living room no
that was a fan sent us that I don't know
what was I don't know up top my head
that was something sent in by a fan
there's two of them yeah they did a han
Solo one they did a burrito yeah they're
really cool pizza train let's let's be
cool about any sort of spoilers about
any sort of thing I don't want to I
don't want to mention anything more but
let's be cool pizza train about any sort
of spoilers with any sort of thing
that's all I'm telling I'm telling pizza
train to be cool if I were to once again
spoil the ending of Super Mario Brothers
2 I would give a spoiler warning I was
telling you if you want to know what we
think of the Big Trouble in Little China
remake just just go back and find out
what I said about the Total Recall
remakes Robocop remake think remake and
you know what we think mmm
it's utterly pointless mm-hmm you know
there's no reason to remake a movie that
already works really really well
it's a pointless endeavor right it's
just masturbation hey hey rich rich the
Rising Sun has an important question
okay
rank which is worse man of steel or the
order 1886 that's that's the order 1886
and you just fall down a hole and die
the order 1886 lasted ten times as long
you know the Man of Steel was is a
terrible movie that makes you feel bad
about yourself for watching it but it
only lasts two hours the order 1886 is a
terrible game that makes you feel bad
for playing it and it lasts nine hours
so that best of the worst has taught us
that length is the ultimate tiebreaker
yeah yes absolutely
you know why because you haven't seen
Mad Max that's true if you hadn't seen
me be 500 miles an hour you'd be totally
fine maybe you should go see Mad Max
fury road were like right now uh yeah we
will watch it and come back and then
play something sorry oh well this
industry right here in this dream right
here and if in theory Mad Max is a bit
late now if Mad Max were starting a
theater yes I would end this stream
right now listen Peter so I could watch
Mad Max I mean even though even though
technically I'm wearing like pajama
bottoms and socks
yeah but that's the understatement of
the year rich still fills 100 times
class here so rich said that there's no
reason to remake a movie that works so
what would you all be cool with Disney
remaking the Star Wars prequels ah
what's sleeping dogs lie just just
forget about them I think it's the best
way to deal with the Star Wars prequels
I think if you wanted to quote remake
them in order to do it so that it worked
it wouldn't even be a remake at that
point you just been making three other
movies that take place before episode 4
what the amount of changes you would
have to do to make that movie there's no
point in calling it a remake
oh no new I don't know if you ever saw
this there's a really fun a series of
YouTube videos about this guy like
making his like theoretical version of
the prequels yep and it's it's it's just
a fun thought piece where he kind of
goes through like how he would envision
the prequels and how they could still be
good movies and it's it's fun I forget
what they call what they're called
hopefully someone in the chat will link
to them so people can can read these
because they're they're really it's a
really fun series but but that's the
real thing is they won't make those
movies they're done the prequels are
done yeah I'm sorry
everybody move on long-long here here's
a ambiguous question which might leads a
good conversation rich yep
army of Darkness is 81 minutes long huh
Avengers 2 was 141 minutes
discuss darkness is fun yeah yeah no
it's it's fine moving Arviat darkness
you know what he's not listening to
Avengers 2 was also fun it was ok it was
no it was an army of darkness at least
you know with some fun schlock skeleton
stop Avengers - I mean it's almost
doomed to mediocrity is decent it is
doomed to mediocrity but here here's the
thing uh army of Darkness is a classic
is a wonderful movie it's a flawed
classic it's still it's a commendable
moments the memorable moment moments are
more memorable than the Avengers two
memorable moments whoa Oh 100% like army
of Darkness will will continue on
whereas Avengers 2 will eventually just
become part of the Marvel Mud Pie Tony
Stark never calls anybody a prude of
screw-head but here's the thing about
Avengers 2 141 minutes it does not feel
141 minutes it it moves along at a nice
pace as does army of Darkness army of
Darkness moves along at a nice pace they
are both appropriately paced they're
different movies
but it would what do you do da did you
beat that boy you daughter
boy don't leave you beat the blade in
great event army of Darkness is more
quotable than Avengers - and that's my
metric I think it's a fine metric that's
yes this is my boomstick yeah I'm ok
with that
I'm terrified beyond the capacity for
rational thought and the way he says it
is so dead man I'm terrified beyond the
capacity for action but I'm trying to
remember his business he got over the
the Bill Murray line at the end where
he's just like yes it's true this man
has no penis no I mean first of all
Ghostbusters is obviously the greatest
movie ever made everyone knows that
partly because of its political lines
but I mean Avengers 2 is what it is and
Avengers 2 an army of Darkness are two
very different budgets by this quote
metric Macross is saying by that metric
the room is fucking fantastic and you
know what the room is you only say that
because I haven't seen the room Oh
Karen is not a fan oh wait yeah this is
why Karen has never been on best of the
worst
listen not everyone appreciates bad
movies I will see the room one of these
days somebody in the chat saying I
missed the name
goddamnit that name name a quote from
ghostbusters 2
rockello d oh and it's it's true
ghostbusters 2 it doesn't have the
quotes that Ghostbusters one does
Ghostbusters I can take a 100
Ghostbusters 2 is not the movie that
Ghostbusters one that's I think that's
the point
yeah and also dissecting it more it's
not as quotable so it goes along the
line with the using movie quote ability
as a metric for judging the movie agreed
agreed yeah I mean it like that you know
any any sort of like a Vigo stuff like
this is he go the destroyer of worlds I
love that whoever that guy is I love I
just love the places I'm gonna I'm going
to do my best to try to think of a quote
from ghostbusters 2 this is V go you
might be able to get one or two but I
mean right Ghostbusters you can quote
half the goddamn movie absolutely yeah
absolutely
absolutely 100% Friday by the way you
totally write Friday is a wonderfully
quotable movie there's the and that's
part of it and really what we're mixing
what we're missing here as far as like
being quotable as being good as we're
missing cause versus effect it's not
good because it's quotable it's quotable
because it's good this is what I'm
saying is the reason it's quotable is
because it's good nothing it's not good
because it's quotable you know you can't
just have a quotable movie you can't
have a movie full of like quirky quips
I don't know he doesn't have to be
quotable to be good I mean Mad Max fury
road I mean that's only got like four
lines
oh no I mean you know my my endlessly
quotable line from Mad Max fury road is
well there's it's a lovely day such a
lovely day oh and then there's that time
that Mad Max says that's a character
he's a man of few words yes that well
that was pretty obviously that was the
joke that was the joke rich they don't
need any funny they just need to be told
with enthusiasm hasn't Dane Cook taught
you anything I'm not from Boston he's
not his jokes aren't necessarily good
but he tells them with such enthusiasm
he has some good jokes
Dane Cook has some good jokes he does
yes I was like Karen's parents house and
her father was washing a Dane Cook
special the whole special I just sat
there with a blank face the audience of
course is cracking up for some reason
but I'm just like staring at the screen
like a zombie waiting waiting for her so
that's an excellent joke no no that's an
excellent joke
first of all red dragon you glitch my
dragon we're probably not going to any
convention
I mean we're probably not Phoenix it's
probably not gonna happen we don't know
anything about the convention secondly
Dean Koch it does have some decent jokes
most of them
he carries through his performance alone
enthusiasm but I I will defend Dane Cook
not 100% yeah what no I'm not gonna stop
while you're ahead
he has a funny bit about people who shit
on coats and it's great I am i defending
Cooke not 100% any percent yep i
defending cook some pearl ah you're
wrong sir no no no he's got some decent
bits he's got some decent bit and he and
he tells all of his jokes with such an
enthusiasm so they're bad jokes not a
good news fine he's a good poem no just
just just just just no ma'am
oh you're a crazy man I'm not a crazy
you've got some good oh you're you're a
crazy man they'd find me if I named
things right don't think he's gonna be
fine
no and he didn't do Hickey he didn't
steal that bit from Dane Cook in fact
they did a whole thing of it on Louie
where they addressed the situation where
they made it very clear that even Dane
Cook didn't think that he stole a bit
from him they just both happened to tell
a joke about scratching your asshole
that's just he's or not funny that
Rossum is he's not a funny man that was
specific to do hinky doohickey was
mentioning hey there was there was a
whole hubbub about him stealing a joke
from Louisa Kay I don't care oh no that
wasn't to you that was that was to
someone rich that was to someone else no
I you know I can accommodate by
definition a good comedian needs to be
funny yeah horrible jokes about
scratching assholes and the question is
okay what first pretty much I think the
real thing is you know comedy is in art
and art is subjective and so it's
alright if you don't find the jokes he
tells funny but you know I think he has
I mean art might be subjective but if
almost everybody thinks it sucks
yeah well that certainly doesn't matter
at least one person doesn't think of sex
oh they're back your Bob
she I want to know what I thought of
XCOM to the answer that is you should
have shown up at the stream three hours
ago
yeah I'm sorry what yeah we should
probably be done done in general yeah
we're gonna get a little lately and and
you know like here here's how you know a
stream has gone too long we are in
general talking about Dane Cook and
that's because I don't think me nor
Karen can comprehend the fact that you
were yeah and in here no of course not
it's nothing for us was it was the show
that I watched as a kid and I'm sure I
haven't thought about since besides Bob
Saget is still alive I suppose but but
no like here's the most wonderful thing
about Dane Cook is for a while he was
the biggest comedian on the planet and
what's he been doing lately and by the
way nobody does he's not doing anything
he had a stick and he lost his stick and
now it's gone yes yes he had dirty
nursery rhymes that so that was his
schtick yeah and and it was the same
with Dane Cook where he had his
performance stick I thought there were
some good jokes in there but that's all
he had was his his energetic performance
chick and the world has lost their need
for him and so it's it's pointless for
us to even talk about him and because
we're talking about him that that means
that we've run out of things to talk
about and we should end the stream so
here's here's what I'd like to say thank
you everyone for coming out thank you to
all the old subscribers thank you to the
new subscribers
and thank you thank you to future
subscribers thank you to anyone elses
new skills here let's talk about Dane
Cook husband what do you mean ya know my
subscriber oh thank you raisa pizza
pizza for subscribing we really
appreciate it
we do really appreciate it can we can
cut the stream
