May 6, 2015
Ninja Gaiden Sigma, Dead Rising 2
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5434603, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PArO4kKQBJU
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5434777, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd7e1dIdbM0
2:23pm: "Prepare thyself for the silent glory of a Rich Evans solo stream. He said around 6:00ish but doesnâ€™t really know." (archive.vn/pZseh)

[Part I]
how's everyone doing I think I think
stream has commenced stream stream has
started we're doing this we're doing
this I think I'm doing this I'm waiting
to see if anything pops up on my screen
yep Oh something is loading on screen
which means streams start which good
good streams start good hello thank you
for showing up today and we're going to
play Ninja Gaiden it's it's just me
alone
there will be no Jack Jack Jack is at a
wedding
I think he's marrying a bear in order to
you know was just to push the boundaries
of her law and what we find is
acceptable he's trying to marry a bear
and and he had to go to to Alaska to do
that it's the only state where I don't
know what I'm saying
I'm just saying completely utterly
random things and giving you
misinformation about Jack which and
personally I find fun before before I
really start playing the game
Wiley h2o John kilo 3 leftover beefcake
who made this nifty program that lets me
read these names and Justin Harmon thank
you for subscribing thank you all we
really appreciate it
it's true we do eight months in a row 12
months in a row six months in a row
and the remix thank you for subscribing
as well we love each and every one of
our subscribers equally eleven months
right Oh for crying out loud
zena's bet no not for crying out loud
any thank you thank you very much
oh we love it no it's great it's great
zan of Ben thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it okay I'm done I
am going to play game this is a Ninja
Gaiden Sigma which which is basically
Ninja Gaiden black from the Xbox only
only a little bit fancier they ported it
over to the ps3 and they they made it
look all Purdy and visually I think it
holds up I'm hidden hidden start buttons
I'm hitting various random start buggers
and this is not going to be a nude no
death run new death run that would be
something this is not going to be a no
death row
I haven't played this game in like four
years now so I am extremely out of
practice so I sadly I expect to get my
ass kicked like like a lot like like a
whole lot oh shit probably still sysplex
a dough of the colossus yeah let me try
and fix that let me try and fix that
hold up I'm gonna try and fix things I
know it gives me issues when I try to
edit this it doesn't always take
actually it almost never takes I'm
probably gonna have to get a hold of
Jack and just just have Jack change the
name for wherever the hell he is doing
whatever the hell he's doing yeah I'm
gonna I'm gonna send a message to Jack
okay sorry about that yeah I have some
kind of weird cookie issue with twitch
twitch does not like me at all every
time every time I change the stream name
it just goes right back to whatever the
hell it was yeah it completely ignores
me I'm crunching the got the game volume
turned down to my headphones because I
don't want to hear this out of delay
that would just be that would just be
completely obnoxious respond
I already did good we're good we're
great everything's great everything's
wonderful everything isn't working and I
might want to turn the game back on in
the window picture alright we're good
we're doing a new game now because I
haven't played this in a while and I'm
not suicidal we're just going with we're
going with normal okay as you can see
here's my proof that I've played this
game before I have unlocked other
costumes so I have beaten us on the
other difficulties a lot of people
haven't seen this before I'm just going
with the default costume I kind of love
the classic though this is this costume
right here is the reason I I had to I
had to make myself beat the higher
difficulties cuz I'm a huge fan of the
classic Ness game so here we go I'm
starting gaming no I'm not playing in
the hardest difficulty I'm not doing
that not tonight
completely out of practice yeah no we're
not doing that this game can be brutal
on the higher difficulties I can't even
conceive of beating master ninja that's
the the highest difficulty not never
never gonna happen
never gonna happen rich please play the
next one
I'm not tonight I don't wanna I don't
feel like for one I don't have a Ness
here and I don't feel like sending up an
emulator so you know maybe some other
time if we ever have a Nintendo tonight
I'll drag it out drag it out of the
mothballs and play it oh you mean the
Costra pal well that's too late it's too
late it is is is what is his ocean yeah
oh god I don't I don't remember anything
that happens in this game I yeah I know
he's got a thing I don't remember any of
the controls oh this is so fucked
I'm completely oh shit oh shit I should
have you know what I should have played
this like earlier today or last night
but I didn't do that game volume is very
low oh that's right I needed it for a
second time so the game volume was
actually off so no change that my
controls because I have I have diverted
myself now I gotta I gotta get to a menu
where I can flip the camera I don't care
about the map I care about an options
menu info
unless I can't do that from here that
would be annoying
is there are no options menu to change
that oh that's gonna be that's gonna be
a pain in my ass you know what
can i how I even quit out of here don't
want options menu go to one options menu
let me let me switch which way the
camera flips god damnit hold on we're do
this one more time and you know what
I'll even play with the classic Ness
outfit oh god I'm so out of practice
with this game this is gonna be painful
it's gonna be fucking fucking painful
there's got to be a main menu that will
lumpy flip the camera see here's the
thing ever since I let myself go to the
normal camera rather than inverted all
my old shit is said for inverted so
iiiii every time I play an old game it's
it's going to the options menu and flip
it around again controller settings
would it be from being a controllers
okay
it's a first-person camber third-person
camera x-axis though normal durable
there we go normal normal normal all
right there we go there we go new game
on normal and we'll go with the Ness
costume now I get I can no longer play
inverted my my brain is pretty much
entirely switched over
turn up turn up the volume more all
right I turn the game volume up let me
know if it's too loud you you chat you
did not you did not convert me I I did
that on my own
actually it's all stripes fault because
strafe didn't have the option to invert
somewhere we streamed strafe there was
it was impossible to spot all right now
it's no I need to flip the camera right
to left is all fucked up Oh for fuck's
sake
it's always something why isn't there an
options menu in the menu this is absurd
I just want to change things in the game
without turning the game off now fuck
you fuck you game this has got to be
horribly frustrating to watch but at
least I'm talking at least I'm talking
yeah bong gotta you miss nothing other
than me trying to fix the the camber
controls which once you're in the game
there's apparently no option to switch
the camera controls I have to turn the
game off and then to get to get just to
get to the option menu after I have to
restart the whole fucking game which
it's kind of kind of pissing me off kind
of pissing me off right x-axis is
flipped that should be what I want
language-rich what you want me to you
want me to swear more I could swear more
fuck fuckity fuck fuck that's a lot of
fucks I know just give them fuck I give
a lot of fucks
if if I had played this game if it
hadn't been four years since the last
time I played this game I would I would
seriously consider a no death run but
not not with my current level of
out-of-practice Ness it's just it's not
gonna work
rich still thinking of doing a fallout 3
or New Vegas stream I don't think I've
ever said I was gonna do any of those
I've never actually I've never played
any of the fallouts I was a lot I don't
remember I should have been I should
have charged my attacks for those guys
that much just come back and now
remember that I remember how to do one
thing I think down that way that's
that's a dead end for now right yeah
that's still a dead
climb climbing up the hill yeah all
right
so much I so much I need to relearn what
the fuck I should give the originals try
I'm assuming you're talking about the
original fallout not the original ninja
gaiden games which I played the fuck out
of the original ninja gaiden games
everything no fucked up the long run
fucked up I fucked up the simplest thing
I could have done there we go and now
instantly my camera left and right is
fine but now now I need to I'm not even
gonna fucking bother maybe I'll do it
after I get to a safe point later on in
the game but now not my up and down as
far but it is what it is get good rich
get good get good
I'm doing terrible I am really just
doing I'm playing like worship fried
horse shit they say I used to have this
shit down goddamnit not anymore
if I tried pressing start and steps
lucky I first started says you don't
have a map yet so I don't think it's
gonna help look I'll try it I'll muddle
through the first level and now maybe
I'll take another whack at fixing up the
camera I'm doing terrible but I'm gonna
have next to no essence to spend on
things cuz I'm sucking so much I'm
sucking so fucking much Here I am so
glad either not to claim any kind of no
deathrun bullshit cuz this just not
gonna that's not gonna work
oh god damnit you dodged such a
beautiful fighting system and I don't
remember any of it I'm kind of
accidentally doing some of the old moves
here and there yeah yeah alright wear
them ninjas yep
so I'm gonna die I'm gonna die because
stupidly I got all remember the azuma
drop I remember that was the big the big
kill everything moving this game was the
Asuna drop see that pro move that I
pulled off by accident because I don't
remember what I'm doing there we go
there we go
yeah okay suckage pure suckage
pure fucking suckage that's what I get
for going so long without playing this
game
okay so I don't even have the suitor
drop yet alright alright
I remember once you get the the Asuna
trap it's fucking fucking lights out
that's what you could just murder
everything
the stream is over no it's not over I
never claimed this is a no death run
should I think I've claimed that this is
gonna be a die constantly run
there we go die you fucker die you Nazi
starting to get my mojo starting to get
my mojo yeah I don't care
but the costume I'm wearing is proof
that I don't completely suck at this
game you need to beads I think I think
it's very hard before you get that one I
forced myself to get good enough to beat
very hard just so I would have that
costume
I'm starting to get good are you guys
who are you guys nope nope that wanna do
the kick and wonder do charge no don't
fall yeah suck
I'll never get good again
yourself yeah
yeah
I gotta remember I gotta remember
fucking conference maybe I'll maybe I'll
take a look at the combo list later
come on come on Oh son of a bitch ah get
my ass shit making a fool out of myself
God oh yeah that last Ninja Gaiden then
Chan that was that was pure ass you know
how I know the last Ninja Gaiden game
was pure ass play that game and in the
the first stage of Ninja Gaiden 3 just
just hold just just keep pressing X and
you can get through that first level
that's how you know that game is crap
there we go pulled it off
all right all right you know what
ding-dong
being dumb
get the stuff I need to get
that's probably you some that
all right I got some health
when I was good at this game I wouldn't
I wouldn't leave that for now bastard
fuck it I do now because I suck
as those quality fighting that was some
not completely suck
I like not completely sucking
oh shit
I gotta fight bats
unlimited sure she reckons she reckons
she ruck
ninja stars I have unlimited ninja stars
Chris can't
never have to fix that camera
getting wait until at least get to the
next stage
oh wait no that's not the one I want to
use I don't want those there's item
there that gives you more there's an
item in this game that'll give you more
life but did I miss they the teeth
ah fuck you fucking white ninja man
stop second Oh God and that wasted tells
what a rebirth from this shit oh god I
suck so much now fuck me for sucking
there's no one left to kill him I still
suck though
then I find the teeth and I will find
out I don't remember I don't remember if
I grab the thing I need to grab which
will be around this corner
all right I did not find the teeth I
think I'm at cave underneath I must have
just missed them
not there
ah here we are things of the samurai
for anybody watching I am completely
sucking right now I'm an embarrassment
to myself like I'm doing so bad I might
need to have a Redemption stream after
after getting my ninja gaiden legs back
there's a guard I'm not even using out
there yeah I'm not even using the Gargas
because I'm stupidest why why am I not
why was I not using the girl I didn't
even I don't even fucking remember you
could guard in this game what is wrong
with me
what the hell is wrong with me
you know I'll grade your said game for
this shit
way of the ninja your soccer your sack
tune in next week - rich forgets out of
God oh that guard changes everything
I'm getting my mojo back I'm getting my
mojo a little bit back like 1% 1% in the
grand scheme of things but oh that
helped where did I forget now did I
forget I grabbed the fangs and I forgot
to go back and get the key tonight yes I
did yes I did for everything I do right
I do like 8 things wrong how I used to
be quality at this game I used to be I
really did I really did I feel so
terrible
maybe maybe I should make it like a goal
it'll be like a like a Rocky movie like
here I'm starting from suck and then you
know be like it'll be like like Rocky
for right I'm gonna start from suck you
know I used to be on top of my game and
I'm gonna I'm gonna get better at this
game I'm gonna play it some and then
we'll do another stream eventually I
will live streaming a successful no
death run of this game that sounds crazy
that sounds like something so stupid it
sounds like something I would do
I can't wait like that is gonna drop
back
get in there I'm getting there get in
there why did those guys stop dropping
health fuck's sake for fuck's sake
used to be the champ rock you gotta get
back in shape you gotta have a training
montage that's what I need I need a
ninja gaiden training montage
dudududududududududududu digital so I
run up steps while decapitating people
best training montage ever
still not gonna have any any essence to
buy crap with cuz this is awful
just channel your inner energy Cutler
rich that's the last thing I want to do
I need to channel my inner Patrick Kane
that's what I need
sir here all right not bad not bad to
that jerk in the chat the west's how
much of the the boss is health when I
took up for dying yeah yeah fuck you
fuck you alright we're getting it back
we're getting my mojo back
no problem ancient necro you're welcome
you're very welcome the people care
about the cutscenes for this cuz right
now I'm not I'm not so concerned with
the story as much as I am with with
sucking less
what happens when rich reaches full mojo
no death run
that's what happens when rich reaches
full mojo rich thoughts on hearthstone I
have no thoughts in hearthstone I've
never played it and don't know much
about it I know it's kind of cards
that's all I know I know cards which is
wait now watch three that was space camo
since I'm rich Evans mojo level 6% ah
that's that sounds accurate that sounds
accurate has rich played Metal Gear
Rising I have not it looks like it might
be fun I for one I've never been fond of
Metal Gear story like at all I think it
confused I said this before confuses
quality storytelling with convolution
first for a second I hate writing so as
far as the lore goes I hate everything
about ninja gaiden rising but I know
that the people who made that game make
damn good action games and I know that's
an action game and I have it but I
haven't played it yet and to be honest I
haven't played it yet
in in part because Metal Gear riding and
Metal Gear story I'll probably try it
one of these days and I love the
gameplay and that that might be the
first game where I actually do skip all
of the cutscenes if I ever do
playthrough not Ninja Gaiden rising I
say ninja guy to writing Metal Gear
Rising Metal Gear Rising if I have
whatever if I ever do playthrough Metal
Gear Rising I will probably the first
game ever just skip all of the cutscenes
I got a run back the other one
I used to make it a matter of pride to
run all the way back where I needed to
go without bumping into walls just just
doing it as efficiently as possible
like make sure I jump over that a
trapdoor for that without stopping to
pause I used to do that all the time hit
all the doors like yeah I played this
game a lot way back when I played this
game off
I might like the cutscenes in Metal Gear
Rising I haven't I haven't played it I
know I know I can't stand right I know I
can't stand the Metal Gear universe so
we'll see we'll see
I forgot you have magic in this game
it's been it's been about a year now you
people you people are still talking
about Shrek look I don't it's some kind
of fortune thing and I'm not responding
to shrink so you can stop talking about
Shrek
damnit I hope they get all of us that
one is already dead wasted that
damn you son-of-a-bitch
they survived that kind of impressive
there's things around here I don't
remember where all of them are and no I
think I miss it I know there was
something thought that was something
early am of these levels that
permanently increased her health I don't
know if I just missed it or what wife of
the guys that's you need seven of those
it's like a good thing there's something
I know there's something I missed god
damn it and that fell in the water that
means I failed in your school you can't
follow the water
yes I am a fan of James Randi chat man
is a fine professional skeptic guys like
90 years old he's still he's still
kicking he's still doing what he's been
doing
James James Randi is a fraud buster
all right sorry you're quiet there but
shit got shake out real shit got serious
temporarily
yeah I'm starting to get better starting
to get better I might I might start
playing this a bit on my own time and
then once once I've improved to at least
a decent level maybe maybe maybe maybe
we'll have another stream of this game
we'll just we'll see how far I've gotten
I'm not gonna promise a no death run cuz
that's fucking hard I've done it once
I'm normal not in any of the fucking
harder difficulties said I am not good
enough for that I've seen videos of
people unwind who can fucking just beat
master ninja modes ass I I am NOT never
will be one of those people but I can be
better than this I know you guys like
watching bad I think that's I think
that's the thing
do I have a PlayStation Plus you know I
only just got one recently because of
the previously recorded show I hadn't
before that I know I know you get free
games with PlayStation Plus but I'm
assuming you love I mean you lose all of
those games once you're like
subscription ends so just seems kind of
like a temporary thing I don't know
switch to the go where do I switch to go
add equipment probably projectile
weapons
you know there actually is a fair amount
in this game that reminds me of
blood-borne the difficulty upgrading
action II kind of combat game can't
upgrade they and alright alright no I
don't want by any of this stuff actually
I one of those but I got so little money
as it is I'm gonna I'm gonna hold it off
beside been doing bad and I want to be
able to afford some dragon sword
upgrades later so I'm not gonna find
anything it's thinking that she'll I'm
pretty sure I should be able to get it
why are you not picking it up
oh fuck
well I can't wait to look at my count of
attacks back counter-attacking is fun
all right
jack is off believe he's off at a
wedding
subject Jack will not be joining us
today this is a it's gonna be a lovely
quiet rich Evan solo stream now you love
those
Oh
oh that's right I can shoot them off the
horse I'm gonna wanna burn summer elixir
of life here unfortunately there's so
much I've forgotten about this game
there we kill damn it I missed
the stage I'm definitely going to fix
that fine camera
shit too late too late I was just about
to use a health potion when I got
murdered
no I don't choose to abandon the way of
in ninja fuck off fuck off
rich what games are you most proud of
completing a no death run for this this
might be it
it's probably probably not much of a
mite about him
die fucking die
alright alright
so what's going on what's going on
anything interesting going on in the
chat
you know what I missed this guy - the
first time
it was in their own hidden orb here all
I gotta find the head I remember now I
remember thing thing now is remember
slowly-slowly it's all coming back very
slowly but it's coming back anything
happening in chapters you're saying no
fuck off okay okay
yeah I heard you guys watch things what
what were you thinking
that movie is that movie is fucking
rancid oh god I can't I can't make it
through things I did it once and that's
never again never fucking again yes you
you have just experienced things
probably the the most accurate text I've
ever seen in a movie
all right let's see if I can get good
and I'm still not buying anything oh
wait I didn't mean to click on hammers
still I buy it I think I'm going on
alright alright goodbye goodbye come
back when I can upgrade my Dragon Sword
oh god they're kicking my ass
and I'm dead I'm dead because suck Oh
God
Oh I'm sucking so much
alright let's try it let's try to not
suck no I did not do that drying of
Plunkett I believe that was guy called
bill mote Mildred right maybe I'm not a
hundred percent sure some guy on the
internet who does something I don't if
he does a comic or what but there's a
fan of the Phantom Menace review and he
he did that to that first for free said
you know maybe you guys can put this on
t-shirt or something
dammit
you're dying
fuck fuck mother fucker
fucking motherfucker
rich heavens mojo level 3% hasn't
spalling it is now falling look this is
a hard game which I am obviously
completely hopelessly out of practicing
all right I'm talking luscus I'm trying
to suck less
that's a lot more like it yeah there we
go
for change pick up head
so I have known impulsive looking
there's just a fire was your second
those are suck
where is JJ is that around J's J is at
home being J where he is doing
presumably J Balvin things with with J
Balvin
am I going to play The Witcher 3 no
here's here's my here's the deal with
what you're talk to all this before but
I know not everybody is that every
stream I heard great things about you
know The Witcher and and choice actually
being meaningful and in Witcher which
actually has some divergent storylines
like wildly depending on things
different things you do sounded great so
I started playing the first one I wanted
to play in the order even though the one
I heard all the good things about was 2
and I could not get into the fucking
first one I hated both the the main
character just grated on me as did the
combat which I thought was awful
I tried to get into the witcher 1 it did
not work
maybe maybe two is a huge step up but I
did kind of get scared off
it's just the main character I mean you
know
such a generic generic badass I mean
that's the can be fine but I wasn't
feeling it
there we go all right a little bit
better a little bit better
didn't used to get something for
shooting this used to used to get free
essence well waste it on my fuckin
arrows I know there's a there's a corpse
I can get arrows from or not here
somewhere so this guy yeah that guy
alright I neither of us did they have to
charge why am I not getting that used to
be a thing I swear to God used to be
able to shoot these targets like health
would pop out you're asking me about the
GOG galaxy beta I saw it I I downloaded
it I'm not super excited about it I
don't I don't want my my my computer
cluttered up with like 18 different game
launching software's you know I mean
just just out of practicality I have you
know Steam and what I just cuz I want
one-stop for everything any any non
steam game I have I just I just linked
to the Steam account I just put on put a
link in the library
I'm talking lustrous that helps my
concentration here
sucker
ow
all right well I got past the horses got
past the horsies we saved
I like sure to grab more arrows Angus I
actually they were helpful against the
wizard does my bad my bad I needed to
grab arrows and I didn't I'm going to
pay the price
damn it damn it damn it
fuck
fuck doing rather bad
damnit
oh just get my ass check left hand
fucking right
nope nope nope nope nope nope
got some cheap use of the flying swallow
as much as I had
see
on my better days rather than losing a
bunch of health and needing to use those
blue orbs for health I'd be using those
to fuck up that boss but now I need the
health too much I'm because I'm back I'm
suddenly bad blue orbs the blue glowing
orbs to restore your health
on the blue and red orbs you suck those
in when you're charging an attack and
does the the powerful version of the
attack
that's what I'm supposed to be doing I
just did there
Oh hurry he's dead you's a shitload of
fucking health potions though
counterattacks about fucking time about
fucking time
if you're just tuning in I used to be
good at this game but I no longer have
it's been 4 years since I played
die you fuckers oh that was nice that
was nice
did something right
a lot of things say a lot of things to
say if I heard about the banjo kazooie
Kickstarter no but then again I'm I'm
not like a huge fan of banjo kazooie I
those came out those games came out at a
time when I was just sick of that style
of platformer
practice money
maybe I shouldn't practice my countersue
shit
yep dad it's okay it's okay
rich what do you think of the pvp LaVon
uh yeah I hate internet multiplayer so
I've never I've never even tried it
I just don't care so what I think of it
as I have no experience with it
wait no no what did i do what did i do
yeah I want to continue did i accent I
almost I almost got myself in the ninja
dog mode didn't I well that would have
been embarrassing
there is a ace in this game there is
actually a hidden easy difficult level
if you die enough they they ask you if
you want to give up the way of the ninja
and they they ask you to confirm this
twice and if you do the game is a lot
easier but you're forced to wear like a
pink ribbon on your arm which is sexist
but I don't care because it's funny
humor Trump's you were trouble sexism
though is that sexist as there should
that really be anything inherently sex
you know girly about pinky did you know
back in ye olden times that pink was
associated with boys and blue was
associated with girls
I know I'm sucking but I'm trying to
practice countering
I'm trying to get my timing
dammit god dammit
rich Evans is an MRA oh god no those
guys sound crazy
look I'm of the opinion that any
extremist is crazy
anybody who can advocate advocating rape
is a crazy man
and and if you're a woman advocating
rape then you're doubly crazy that's
right before they hit all right this is
why I'm practicing distance
Yeah right before the head I think I've
got it no maybe I don't there's a couple
times yep no it's night before
it's just a powerful attack
and I'm dead but I'm I'm I'm you know
I'm this is I'm dying because I'm
practicing
time to start playing for real again
alright here we go
hex
god dammit fire killed me fire killed me
that's thoughts on crazy fat Ethel - it
might be worth a go on your on movie
decks tonight fat crazy Ethel - is I
mean it's terrible I'm not gonna lie
it's absolutely terrible but it's
interesting which at the end of the day
is more important
shit all right
that time I was trying and I died so
there's some sucking going on rich what
what do you recommend I order at Burger
King whopper with cheese
no no pickles no ketchup that's what I
recommend you order
come on time I'm right into it there you
go
I know you're floating around your way
to just pop up
Hey
we're friends and they got friends oh
yeah
just act behind the door you're gonna
get unstuck so I can tell you properly
is that everybody you all dead finally
are we beyond this this embarrassing
shameful bit of my history
it looks like we've we've we've wandered
into the not extremely talkative phase
of the rich Evans soulless train much
it's usually most of the stream I'm not
good at filling time on my own I think I
think we all know this save I don't have
to worry about saving at this point
striker 1 1 2 1 I know it's a hard game
but I know in the past I'm the law I've
been a lot better at it this is a this
is a game that I actually love this game
quite a bit
which say something controversial all
right what am i said that's
controversial
greater what's his name again greater
fiend oku yes you're right this is Doku
the greater fiend oku and I do believe
this kid I think this came out before
attacking too close I could be wrong
about that good
Star Wars stolen the name from this I'm
gonna I'm gonna say that four hundred
percent sure any thoughts on the
preacher TV show preacher might be one
of my favorite comic books of all time
and they'll probably ruin it with a show
especially if the show is not r-rated
but I'd give it a shot at least they'll
never they'll never be a good preacher
show because they're never gonna let
themselves be as blasphemous as they
need to be to do preacher that would
offend the Christians that's that's the
point that's the entire fucking point so
you know what we'll see I I know nothing
and I know they've tried and failed to
make a preacher TV show dozens of times
so I'll have an opinion once they're
actually close to making something for
real
I said mr azad vacate for rape which is
false and here's here's the thing
there's probably plenty of moderate
people within the MRA still I think I've
seen things where people have said some
absolutely batshit crazy thing when you
when you give the danger with any kind
of political ideology or movement is
some people gravitate towards the
extreme they take something to the exact
extreme and whatever something goes in
the extreme it gets batshit crazy I
don't want anything to do with extreme
MRA extreme feminism also gets crazy
anytime I hear anything about patriarchy
I just I just roll my eyes and so I
think I think basically that the point
is just be a humanist don't don't don't
get any kind of crazy ideologies or
dogmas that you're that you're stuck
with just love everyone just love
everybody
pick pick any group and the extremes are
our fucking fucking psychopath
his foreign-policy
one of the only remaining
mr. glitch is making a Futurama
reference your excellency it's a beige
alert which you're not familiar Futurama
there's there's the neutral planet and
the joke is that everybody there is
neutral about everything but I'll tell
you I'll tell you this you can joke
around about the neutral planet all you
want they don't have crazy on the
neutral planet so maybe maybe as funny
as they are in their neutrality there
are some lessons to be learned here
it's ill mayor lll mayor I don't know
what's what what in your name is a
lowercase L or a capital I but you're
right heat death is the only real thing
next time next time I save which is
actually right here there's a statue in
here I'm gonna fix my camera because
it's gonna drive me nuts
what the fuck
and since I'm pausing I say where did we
leave off with this every 801 the binary
Sun necklace Taggard mixtone tired and
sad digital what does a digital digital
demi devil and wooly battle machine 3-2
to thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we really do hey you know
everyone's been thanked we're caught up
we're caught up with the Viking and I'm
gonna fix my damn camera
do you you guys need me to turn my my
sound down I can I could turn my sound
down
so rich Big Crunch versus heat death
well I believe they prevail I mean I'm
not a cosmologists so I'm not gonna be
able to give you an informed opinion but
it seems like the majority of
cosmologists these days are leaning
towards heat death and since they study
this shit I kind of I kind of have to
give it to them
back to the game I mean big crunch I
don't know that that's very likely big
crunch would require gravity to pull
everything back together but I mean the
universe has been going on for billions
of years and apparently the space is
just expanding faster and faster all the
time so I don't know I don't I don't I
don't have much hope for Big Crunch
which really out of all the ways the
universe can end is that that end that
is the the most hopeful option Big
Crunch because we get a big crunch then
conceivably you would have just you
might have another big bang that comes
out of that you were just having
universe that's constantly you know
blowing up not really that's not really
an explosion expanding and then
collapsing and then expanding and then
collapsing whereas heat death is just
the expansion just just keeps going and
never ends and eventually everything
gets cold and there's you've run out of
energy due to entropy and it's bad times
for life
I don't know that I can have a
meaningful conversation about heat death
and pay attention to the game though I
guess that might be what you would
prefer I don't know I can't speak for
you I just I was in that room already
yeah there is a school of thought that
reality could in fact be something like
like the matrix the the theory is that
there's only one actual universe that we
know of and can prove the one the one
we're living in and so if there's
there's one universe right and if
technology of computer technology can
get to the point where you could have a
reasonable facsimile a simulation
running of the universe like like just
some absolutely gigantic computers right
so if computer in computing begin to
that point where they could simulate a
universe in theory there would be many
more computers with simulations running
on the computer then there would be
actual real universes which is one and
if that's the case since there's many
more simulated universes than real
universes the odds are that we are
living in like like the sims like a fake
universe which i think is a really
interesting theory and hold on I think
I'm gonna have to start kicking some ass
in a second here
hold on hold on but there there are some
smart people who say there is a chance
that we are we are actually in some kind
of matrix now this wouldn't be like in
the movie matrix where we have real
bodies like sitting in a pod somewhere
and our brains hooked up to a computer
know in this and this in this theory
there is there is you don't even have a
brain that's hooked up to a computer
everything you are is simulated which I
heard somebody else bring up a point
then that if whatever beings are out
there that would make a simulated
universe that if there are religious
people they would they would conceivably
simulate a universe that actually has an
afterlife so even if there is no God if
we're living in a simulated universe we
still might have an afterlife and a soul
would just be a digital a digital
afterlife and a digital soul as
envisioned by some kind of alien
advanced race with ultra mega
supercomputers
damnit
Jackie fuck it I'm just gonna burn some
look shows life right now
so our natural disasters errors in the
code well if you're just trying to
simulate a universe you that physics
would just be a part of the simulation
and natural disasters happen because of
physics so yeah there would be natural
disasters it wouldn't necessarily be
programmed to have them it would just be
it could in theory be a part of the the
physics they have an aliens have created
for their universe also by the way this
this could explain lights be the
limitation on light speed that could be
that could just be the fastest this
alien computer can compute something so
that could be the reason nothing can go
faster than light in the universe and
interesting place
someday someday months from now I'm
gonna I'm gonna restream this and I'm
gonna fuckin kick everyone's ass and
it's gonna be glorious but for now we
have to deal with suck I'm sorry I'm
legitimately sorry
legit CEO
how could it make light then well light
light would be just a series of numbers
in a computer as part of the simulation
like like in this theory nothing that
you know is real nothing everything
everything would be numbers being run
through a gigantic computer in in this
theory
still tried it every time I think I'm
getting it back let Simon on the
converse back which is good is counting
is fun
door just opened yeah
rich how the hell do you find these
theories I like of a science and I like
I like watching YouTube videos about
science and and lectures done by smart
people like the old Tyson Neil deGrasse
Tyson or or oh god what's Krauss Krauss
Lawrence Krauss Lawrence Krauss yeah I
think it's Lawrence Krauss Bill Nye the
Science Guy
and of course stockings darkens I I
can't pronounce it
look I can't pronounce anything
yeah you do your grab twice I'm trying
to counter you huh you fucking selfish
die die for your sins against me
yes I like Carl Sagan too but for
obvious reasons he hasn't oh shit damn
it just looking at a jet for obvious
reasons yes and he hasn't made a new
video in a while
talking about science and her not
playing the game
I recall right we're gonna get our first
new weapon in here which I don't
remember how to use and that is no I
don't remember what any of the combos on
her so there's that but I'll switch to
it
for a variety sake until we get to the
challenge room at which point I want to
go with what I've gotten myself three
familiar with I think it's easy enough
to use
people hate Dawkins now honey it plenty
of people hate Dawkins anybody who wants
to teach bullshit religion in school as
science hits heads Dawkins anybody who
wants to believe that God made Adam and
Eve and evolution is false they hate
Dawkins
you kick butt you loosen the counters
artists fun I like the kick counter the
dragon sword we just kick him across the
room
people hate Dawkins because he's not
afraid to be rude about hating religion
like he he's not he's not going to treat
faith with respect just because he's got
to criticize him and anybody who has a
religion which is most people in this
world in this country can't stand him
for that
oh nice nice
everybody miss mrs. Christopher Hitchins
say what you will about him agree with
them or not
oh god is he clever
so modern gaming I'm waiting for a
button prompt that doesn't exist to get
up here
and I'm gonna die because I don't have
any long-range shit actually wait this
uh that was an arrow refill in here
isn't there
yeah it's a little too late lost a ton
of health of course are you fuckers
connects Ian says rich I went to Arby's
instead of Burger King what the fuck is
wrong with you
why would why would a human being
willingly go to Arby's when there's when
there's any other choice I mean what the
fuck
I ate doughnuts is what the fuck is
going on in this game why are you in a
dirigible so you can kill people of
course
uh-uh
dual the grab I try to counter just
deliver me a burner I'm gonna burn some
supplies fuck it
no I never will play M&M; beach party
I forgot to grab them wishes fuck
how many throats cuts can you survive
hey I'm a ninja I can survive all of the
throat cuts that's what it means to be a
ninja
is this a solo stream well based on the
fact that you have not heard jack at all
in the hour - that I have been going I
would say that yes this this is in fact
a solo street Oh Jack Jack is out of
town
which means you're stuck okay I'm sorry
it's just the latest these twin swords
are neat they really are
as 77382 sixes two thumbs up for rich
solo streams thank you I don't I don't
think they're earned I think my solo
streams are terrible I'm just trying to
talk and I'm bad at that without without
interaction I know I'm interacting with
you guys but I mean I got to look over
from the game to do it oh it's like it's
harder to play the game and do that
which that's what I'm going to blame in
my sucking tonight it's all it's all
because of that entirely
dr. slay na says rich are getting better
with every SodaStream thank you still
it's still hard to play a game and do
this really is rich how do you feel
about determinism you talk I'm assuming
you mean like in the in a sense of free
will or do we actually choose anything
or is everything just predestined may
some of the chemicals in our head
reacting as there they were going to
react ever since the dawn of time it's
not worth worrying about may or may not
have self-determine ism but worrying
about it won't change it one way or the
other you can you could make the
argument that like the choices you make
like even if it's determined it's it's
the choice you would have made and and
if if it weren't predetermined then if
if you would if you would or couldn't
shoes differently I mean that's just
because chemic of random chemicals
anyway I don't I meant I'm making much
sense I'm having a hard time
articulating something which is deep and
I'm trying to play a video game at the
same time what I'm saying that is even
if you don't even if your choices are
predetermined you could you could make
you could I suppose make the argument
that that determination that
predetermination is you and if you if
you could change that you wouldn't be
you if your decisions were all random
coin flippy things and not the choices
you would have made no matter what I may
be so help
it's not something I think about much
because it's not something I could
change one way or the other
all right this should be one of the most
fun fights in the game it's about
fucking grab those bullshit
you know what I'm gonna use some health
fuck it
I've gotten so bad at this game
dammit god dammit I didn't save after
that destroying that equipment today
I didn't wow this is this is a good
question question oh my god
25 cents rich are you alone at the
studio and if so are your pants off this
time
here's say here's the thing I am alone
at the studio but but I managed to find
a compromise you see right now I am I am
wearing pajamas well pajama pants I'm
wearing a regular t-shirt but you know I
brought pajama pants and I am very
comfortable in my pajama pants
this summer grab arrows I can't believe
I got to do all this shit again because
I was just because because I was stupid
because stupid
are they our alum pajamas no they're
just normal pajama pants I don't know if
they're really technically but you have
a pants they're just kind of they're
cozy pants they're not they're not like
jeans or dress pants or anything the
kind of thing you wouldn't wanna go out
to the store unless unless it's Walmart
then you'd fit right in
all right now we got to redo all this
shit I feel stupid I should feel stupid
what the fuck
die Nazi oh shit
he fell off the plane now I don't get
thing oh there's a the guillotine throw
is another movie do
why not having I'm not not even having a
logjam I swear to God I remember
throwing that guy off the balcony with
it
no I don't want to shoot that ha
whatever good point
why isn't their voice acting for this oh
I think I think at least when the
original came out I and that let me be
less so for them the actual version I'm
playing now but I think it was somewhat
less common ancient ancient video games
didn't didn't have that much of voice
acting and a lot of times that like like
the early voice acting in games they
didn't know to hire professional voice
actors yet so when you did get voice
acting it was like just some Schmucks
from the development house just throwing
their voice into a game there they were
making like I know one of the major
characters in thief Victoria she was one
of the devs she did a great job
mind you she was actually decent at it
but it wasn't like a voice actress they
went and found she was just hey can you
do this voice you know she's working on
something else on the game I said yeah
that right did I get turned around I
don't remember where I have to go
anymore
that's bad I don't think it's this way
though I think I'm headed the wrong way
yeah I gotta go up the stairs I think
yes like the original Resident Evil in
the the the the original was like an
earlier Xbox game
that's okay the door is open
and I'm going with sword I'm more
familiar with and I'm gonna try not to
suck this time God pissed myself off
we do better this time
laughs - ooh drop now did I get that but
the last upgrade not notice it unless I
don't remember the exact combo for just
three air hits and then doing better
this time
this might be a mojo back moment mojo is
going on and off tonight
oh you fucker
I hate those grabs that's not so good I
did not want to use help I wanted to get
through without but I'm not gonna
snacks twos next
ah
and use health bark comes one of those
captains I could have gotten some help
from him
oh no don't think we're leaving the
fucking room in the middle of the fight
that was by the door I didn't want to
use the door motherfucker I gotta do
that all again
well Colin just died violet just died
well some more health on this fucking
battle Jesus Christ
yeah fuck out my diet I and I use the
new home fuck it fuck it
it's exciting and I got I got the throat
slashed throat slashed
oh god well this is going great
we're doing spectacular spectacular
at least I saved that time I think I did
I hope I did yeah I got 15 euros I know
I did all right we're gonna get we're
gonna beat at that time and one of these
days I'm gonna redeem myself and then G
Gaiden big Redemption we'll have Jack
here so somebody can talk and my full
concentration can be on the game 100% of
the time
striker 1 1 21 says I've never met one
of these fundies rich keeps talking
about or even on progressive religious
folks against gay marriage etc most of
the religious people I know are cool yes
there are a lot of religious folks out
there I've never said they're all
terrible people the weapon I know for
the big battle variety be damned
ah I hate that move so much
and you met you may not know any of
these fundies yourself but somebody did
just recently try to shoot somebody at
day a drama Hamid contest
I think they failed I think they only
injured somebody before they were shot
down but I mean these people exist and
yeah most most people who are religious
are fine they're nice fine people you
could make the argument though that
they're just not following their
religion right in the Bible I think it
specifically says you are to be put to
death if you wear a clothes of combined
fibers like like you you should be put
to death for wearing polyester if you if
you go up in the Bible
I know I know religion gets a lot of
credit for morality but I actually think
it's people's morality that lets them
keep the Bible from making them act
immoral that's why some of that ancient
shit just gets ignored because they're
like Elizabeth is terrible somebody
shouldn't be put to death just for that
and you're your own morality supersedes
of the Bible's and I'm done with it now
because like I said most religious
people are fine people
check out that Pacific there we go
son of a bitch
different bazooka kill me
the person in the chat saying that
they're there needs to be a snake eyes
or Storm Shadow clothing option in this
oh god yes okay yes that would be
fucking awesome so if you're gonna have
snake eyes one of the one of the
projectile weapons wouldn't need to be
an Uzi you need to just add an Uzi to
the game
you know going back to fun days real
quick I know they're out there because
it's up in high school one of my fuckin
I died again one of my good friends her
mother was a real fun D she was one of
those who thought rapture was gonna
happen any second now and my friend she
she was not she was kind of a free
spirit and oh oh God that her mother
just make her life miserable for her oh
did I accidentally do ninja dog I'll
fuck it that's what I get for clicking
on X's while not looking at the screen
just do what I say
canceling that safe
um I'm starting to want to go onto
something else here I'm not saying I'm
gonna end the stream right now but I'm
gonna take a break and we come back I'm
going to consider a different game
alright we're pausing

[Part II]
all right I am back
and
should be switching out this game here
gotta go back in the main menu you you
you consult you
hi jack I see you popped into the chat
there it was not a break taking a break
I had to make sure my meth wasn't gonna
blow up
so I'm gonna put in Dead Rising 2
because uh why not why not oh no the
game needs to install Oh hopefully the
supervisor liquori if it doesn't we'll
see we'll see we'll see what it does
installation of progress this is zero
percent I didn't poop I peeped can i
guide people up everybody pointing
attention to it just just come on I
didn't say hey Dead Rising 2 I said I
don't like it as much as the first one I
don't like it as much as the first one
but it's still enjoyable yes I know
about Dead Rising 2 off the record the
Frank West version I just I just don't
own that on the ps3 which is what's
hooked up right now I believe I ended up
getting it digitally on the Xbox 360
which I need I need to track down a hard
copy of the game I know any way you
slice it
rich tell us about Mike yeah he's he's
guy who does movie reviews on the show
called half in the bag and he made this
these these reviews done as a character
called mr. blanket he did a 17-minute
one on Phantom Menace is that what you
want to know about Mike that's Mike rich
am i a zombie movie fan yes but they
they gotta be slow
I don't like them fast zombies zombies
aren't jump scares zombies are creepy
zombies are philosophical horror more so
than a physical threat zombies are
zombies are the best metaphorical
representation of death I have ever seen
you you can't you can't run from it
it'll it'll get you sooner or later it's
not even it's not even personal if
they're just it's just they're just
doing what they do like like death it's
just gonna happen someday
it's inevitable you can't run from death
death will death will get you in the end
and in the zombie movies you always die
in the end fast zombies are just kind of
their kind of screamer monsters they
chase after you not it's I don't get the
same psychological terror out of the
fast zombie like I do with the slow
zombie even even though if I had to
actually deal with zombies in real life
I would you slow over fast because fast
would kill you quick
shoot death in the brain yeah here's the
thing though you shoot one zombie
there's a hundred more to replace it
you can't shoot them maybe not you know
in any meaningful way there you can you
can delay them you can delay death you
can delay the zombies from getting you
by shooting one or two but in the end
you will be overwhelmed the slow zombie
is all about siege warfare which is also
kind of horrific have I have I seen
aliens vs. predator - no I have not I've
only seen the first one after that I
didn't really see any point and catching
the second one
steel doors will stop zombies yes but
they'll also stop you you're gonna
you're gonna you're gonna be stuck
behind your steel door and you're gonna
run out of supplies and you're gonna
starve to death in the end in the zombie
movie one way or the other you die
we're at 62% installed terrible I don't
know why this is installing I had this
I've had this game on the PlayStation 3
before I don't think I deleted it
this is insanity
I guess the heat death of the universe
wouldn't kill zombies but it would also
kill you it's a good point you got yes
oh yes yes captain it pick I have read
World War Z oh is that a good book if
anybody hasn't read it World War Z is
great don't don't watch the movie the
movie is like not related to the book
like at all there might be some similar
names but oh that that book might be one
of the best zombie books ever written
second second to the some B's Survival
Guide by the same author Max Brooks lots
of lots of good advice at the Zombie
Survival Guide because the Zombie
Survival Guide I know people have
labeled it as like a parody as a joke as
satire but it's it's it's really not i
think it's just labeled that way because
he's Mel Brooks son they expect anything
that that his son would write to be a
comedy tube is Mel Brooks famous
comedian but but the Zombie Survival
Guide is kind of written as if zombies
were real if if there were zombies the
zombie survival guide would would have
good advice on how to deal with them but
yeah don't don't don't take the World
War Z movie as like oh yeah I know world
wars that you don't you need to read the
book you need to like bread kids bread
bread bread kid Brad Pitt's character
he's not even really a character in the
book technically he's the guy doing all
the interviews but he like doesn't do
anything during like the zombie
apocalypse it's all it's all written
from like histories perspective looking
at what happened survivors recounting
stories
and technically the guy who was the Brad
Pitt character I believe is the one who
would be interviewing everybody but he
doesn't really do anything in the book
other than that
rich you should read the Martian check
it out if Karen keeps telling me that
Karen absolutely loves the Martian when
when Karen was on a stream she was
selling the hell out of that Brook
Dead Rising 2 is loading
which I I'm going to assume then all my
saved data is gone to why I have to
imagine I don't know what the fuck
happened I certainly didn't go out of my
way to delete this game but here we are
here we are
is there no sound
why is there no swell why is there no
sound there's just cool it's just maybe
just quiet I think it's just quiet I've
turned it down on my TV just in case and
it flares up suddenly if you guys oh I
do have saves I'll go from a new game
anyway fuck it
yeah if you guys can't hear sound let me
know I'll try and fix it
so I need to turn this out
hey too loud I'm getting no sound that
I'm getting too loud
don't forget to include your next again
her name is Katie well some people are
saying they heard some people aren't
there we go we're good okay
I won't be long
I've now got it cranked up to make it a
little louder all right there
all right that's that's as loud as I can
make it without without maybe stopping
the stream and restarting it
does the girl get heat well that's
that's a good question they took our Las
Vegas but tonight America we're going to
get a little payback
and now this is the best America's most
dangerous game show
well America are you love me for a
little teller
because tonight give it to them I've
been poking these zombies all Beach
Manna Dey pissed-off contestants almost
ready
flash and them a little message you
gotta be willing to risk it all April
ever really
all right for anybody new to this
this is Dead Rising 2
and the lead the dead rising zoo
universe isn't quite
it's not really the zombie apocalypse
it's kind of like there are zombies but
they're they're kind of managed like if
you get bitten by a zombie if you can
infect them there's actually like a
vaccine you can take that really a
vaccine but like up a medicine you can
take that will keep you from turning
into a zombie called Zombrex
and as part of this world where zombies
are managed there is a zombie game show
where you kill zombies like American
Gladiator
I thought you were immune to zombies in
the skate well for gameplay reasons yeah
every zombie that bites you isn't
instantly infected but you can in this
universe as you can get info
yes this game does have zombie rights
activists the dead lies in university
debt rise in solution it is having fun
with zombies
people
the bondage is just beginning
so right now
rich not three that one is serious yeah
afraid of that
I haven't played three yet but
everything about it
I lost my family and will a man but
rather just have him back
hey do you know where the green rooms
are yeah take the elevator up before and
then straight down the hallway you can't
miss it
all right so somebody's asking if the
first dead rising game is good yeah the
first dead rising game is great I
personally prefer dead rising 1 - Dead
Rising 2 but that's that's because it's
more brutal it's a bit more difficult
continuity wise there's no absolutely no
good reason you can't start with two two
has entirely different characters you're
not you're not the same protagonist that
you used in Dead Rising 1 I don't think
I don't think any of the characters
carry over so pick pick a dead rising
game just just not Three's everyone I
haven't played three but everyone
everyone says it's bad
different question what is my favorite
zombie movie my favorite zombie movie is
off the record off the record is dead
there's game called Dead Rising 2
off-the-record which when when Dead
Rising 2 came out there were people who
were upset including me that there was a
new protagonist because Frank West is
the protagonist the first game and he's
kind of a fun kind of part sleazebag
part reluctant hero and Dead Rising 2
you're like Generic motorcross guy and
his personality is I have a daughter
his story's alright but I mean he's not
as fun a character so they made
something called Dead Rising 2 just kind
of like the director's cut of the first
dead rising only with the main character
of Dead Rising 1 which fond of it but I
mean it's a bit weird cuz I played the
regular Dead Rising 2 first it was like
weird seeing the remixed version of
everything you got in off the record
which would kind of Donovan dan yeah uh
I don't even know whichever one I have I
don't even remember which one it is it's
probably the only one I I've seen for
awhile I imagine what I have is like
some kind of director's cut so goodnight
so they made something off the record
was the version of Dead Rising 2 they
made with with Frank West's the main
character I didn't say that that's
stupid
it was called Dead Rising 2 off the
record that's that's the version of this
game from the first month
have I seen the trailer for Death of
Superman lives the documentary about Tim
Burton's Superman movie I have and I
really want to see it I'm very curious
about that movie both both the
documentary and the movie documentaries
about so
Oh
I'm not sure if my copy of Dawn of the
Dead is the directors copy one if
directors cut or not I mean I don't
refer dirty since I don't recall it
might even be the regular version unless
it's trouble notice the directors gonna
pretend I washed it so box
but the honest answer is I'm really not
sure which one
Dead Rising vision I don't believe I can
save any of these early people
hey Katie
get off
Katie it's me it's daddy
hey Katie Katie listen to me you need to
stay calm nothing subtle about this hang
on tight
yeah there's one zombie you just ran
through a hallway of them what the fuck
you care if there's one there now
zombie scum
okay god this one's worse than my first
feels a lot choppier
maybe the xbox version is different I
don't know there needs to be richest a
kid in this game you know when I was a
kid my my mother was very fond of horror
movies like like family family time and
in her and her mind was was gathering
the family together to watch like Friday
the 13th part 4 that was family time for
my mother and as I was pretty
desensitized to horror movies but only
only ones that ever freaked me out
within sobbing movies I mean the concept
is just so so dark so depressing
basically if you're a designing woman
you're fucked you're just fucked come on
fat-ass pull that guy off your girl
plugs up nothing no you can just spot
them and yank up up
fuck it coward
we're gonna have to take our chances in
there
my name is Jana well I mean if it were
just me playing a game and J was hanging
around I feel like JJ likes having a
conversation with me and Jack and if it
were just me and I'm gonna grouse the
video game and he would just be sitting
there awkwardly trying to fill dead air
oh yeah that'd be stupid is this a no
deferent no no I'm I'm not familiar
enough with to I've I could pull it off
but I'm not gonna claim this as a no
death run I would I will probably die on
the first one
I can't get a signal why why can't I get
a signal she she was she was looking
right at me and they had her and I I
couldn't do anything
she went down without a sound and I I
have to get out of there I just
it's not like it's not like we talked
about it ahead of time for anything Jays
just not here
he was here he was here all morning
working on stuff so Katie's all grown up
in Dead Rising 3 what does Dead Rising 3
take place
listen it's an existing condition right
it's okay it happened a long time ago
it's only a matter of time before she
turns hey don't worry I've got some
bricks yeah well you better have a lot
because there ain't none here and the
rescue ain't coming for three days three
days yeah anybody just tuning in you you
just miss miss than you're used to
quarantine the city that plans plan that
from like 6:30 toller's flight so nice
or so that's the standard procedure so
we're stuck here there's a couch in the
security room why don't you take her in
there it's quieter
Thanks yes Zombrex is the zombie it
keeps you from turning into a zombie if
you're infected you have to keep taking
some bets Zombrex
for the rest of your life it's a great
name isn't it
ninja gayden Ninja Gaiden whatever I
don't care how it's pronounced I know
it's a guidance but when I was a kid it
was I always pronounce it as game that's
how I read it as a child so that's what
it is in my head I know differently
intellectually but it's easy to slip
back into calling a ninja gaiden is
supposed to guide
the Lakka I I miss Frank Western Chuck
Chuck Chuck yours he's no Frank
he hasn't covered Wars but you know what
he has a daughter still have time he
cares about his daughter you let me
worry cuz you don't you know you don't
need an especially strong personality if
you have a daughter if you have a a
child to take care of and that's not a
commentary on the Last of Us I know
someone's gonna think I just think in
this game it's like lazy in this game
particularly specifically just lazy
characterization doesn't need a
personality's he's got it he's got
daughter it's personality he's got to
die
there's closed-circuit cameras all over
the city
he's monitor does he have but does he
have a culture Jackie loses his culture
is motocross Jack he has a daughter and
motocross because he has a bike some
motocross keep an eye on my daughter
okay
all right now if I wanted to do a no
death run I could just stay in here okay
but I have to talk to you to get like
the the radio so I can go on or did I
already get it remember
gotta find the secret axe exit
if you sent me a copy of The Last of Us
would I stream it I don't know maybe
it's it's become too much of a
hot-button issue at this point
the last of his fans were are so violent
and and mean I think there would be a
stigma a cloud overhanging the stream
and it probably just wouldn't end well I
think if I didn't suck the game off
there'd be like a riot I'm even I'm even
mildly curious to play it to tell you
the oddest truth but the fans were just
such assholes about it
and I'm not gonna know I'm not gonna
hate stripping stuff would be stupid
I'm not even 100% sure I hate it the
only thing I ever said about about the
game is that it didn't it didn't look
like something that would interest me
which i think is a perfectly fair
statement - bacon doesn't look like
something that would interest me damn
but that's that's hate speech that's a
nice speech
oh I can't get in there yet that's
bullshit
where do I get the key for that door I
don't even remember
where do I get the keys in the door I
don't remember advice from the
pharmacist I don't
this game takes place in a casino a
giant casino ESCA vegas complex
obviously I'm not in the casino area I'm
in some kind of weird mall area but uh
there's definitely some casino action
these these zombies seem useless limits
are there making a flick interview
reference yes yes you do cut them down
like butter well that's that's kind of
the point the approach these games take
this is just a zombie funhouse have fun
beat them zombies that's the that's the
philosophy oh god I miss Frank West I
could you could you could
body slam zombies and all sorts of fun
things Chuck doesn't do that
Chuck's not as fun no there is no wacky
killer clown in this me there's a lot of
fun aspects of this game when I when I
get to the cave that fucking door I'll
show you one of them but yeah this
there's a lot of things I like more in
Dead Rising one
come on don't lie to me does this game
have don't okay
dirtbag let the lady go why don't you
mind your own business old man exactly
what I'm doing I'm just here looking for
some Zombrex well you're definitely
gonna need some painkillers I'm done
with you
we're talking to you is giving me a
headache oh yeah
what say you give me some money and I'll
go get some for you yeah give us some
money grandpa we'll help ya how about it
grandpa you got any money okay so
somebody says is there is there tension
in this game outside of the cutscenes
there isn't the first one the first one
is all about dealing with the the time
limit don't have time to do everything
if you try you're probably gonna fail at
this you have to you have to make
decisions about who you want to save and
do you want to continue the main story
you want to save that large group of
people the second one because a lot of
people didn't like the difficulty of the
first one they made this one super easy
it's it's not that hard with just a
little bit of familiarity with the game
to save everybody and continue the met
to do with the whole main quest it's
it's not that hard first one is somebody
else in the chat says they just scrolled
up a long time ago now that they just
remembered the wheelchair weapon in this
game and how could I not love this game
I do love this game just not as much as
the first one I mean I think I think the
environments in this game are more fun
the casino is a great location but
design was the first one is just a a
well well may
precision Swiss watch I mean all these
gears fit together perfectly with the
timing and I mean if you if you are
super good at the first one you can just
barely save everybody and do the main
quest but you have to be super good to
do it it's super hard to escort
survivors this one it's it it's like a
digital watch you just you just do it
it's easy I'm actually you know what I
guess I gave her a weapon so she can
defend herself I didn't need to do that
because in the second game survivals are
just survivors straight to the move that
way they'll just run straight to the
safe house with you spoiled I won't use
a crowbar alright fine do you have
orange juice here somewhere I need food
yes you do
jackpot
what is it
if I give you this burrito will you give
me back my crowbar we have a deal
yes we do all right hurry up yeah hurry
up damn it
keep it moving
probably I'm probably not gonna have to
ask she's just gonna run right behind me
I'm not gonna have to worry about her no
problem easy peasy run straight to the
the save house no problems she only got
crappie
oh yeah she got free of those guys on
her own okay
look how easy this is I don't have to I
don't have to go stop and babysit at all
which I know most people like that I
know I get it I get it but it's just so
easy why would you even bother
you saving Aaron's swoop in dead rising
ones that's an accomplishment in and of
itself is he scared he stops he'll pee
his pants and the zombies grabbed me
can't get past the zombies you have to
you actually have to take care that
doesn't happen near as often in this I
know she just got caught but I mean in
general it's a lot easier to rescue
survivors look she got out her own he
just got out on her own
I did nothing
ah crap still have a key
I need some deep actually I might love a
lot after saving her
Richard you think he can do another
shovel knight' run through it sometime
we'll probably do that I don't think I
have ever stream shovel knight' I think
Jack has been the only one to ever play
that on stream where on earth did you
find him
nevermind I don't want to know there's
still people alive out there
will we do a do ministry yeah I'm
waiting I'm waiting for Jack to actually
be in the room with because jack is the
one really why mean I want to play to it
I mean Jack really wants to play that
game so we're you know we're waiting to
the group stream when what everyone can
be around
I leveled up and I got like the worst
thing you can level ranged attack
increase off fucking thanks fucking
fucking thanks thanks a fucking lot I
got time to kill
forget how to get that door open
can you get a Lego head in this one rich
technically those weren't Lego
headscissor those are some kinda those
are a Mega Man character from Mega Man
Legends you know I know that's that's
it's being able I think they're in this
game too
I want to get in that room that utility
room damn it
I know I know this is this got to be a
story thing at some point I forget where
it is the good white it is I think it's
relatively early
rescue
which do you have a favorite dinosaur
doesn't everybody loves the t-rex in
that kind of it by default
and this one who does that
spin around that's great believe it or
not there is a use for money in this
case and it sounds crazy I know but yes
there is a use for money
a secret area trying to fit exactly
I gotta get up I got a Janet Jackson I
gotta get on the stairway
which if you could being reincarnated as
any animal human being why the fuck
would I want to dump animal lives in the
woods house Paton the freedoms not a
human being
all the way
I know I'm gonna run I was in like grade
school some kind of question they asked
in the class I think you bless everybody
kind of animal would you be
I said you know even even when I was
like like six my answer was a human duh
gotcha
alright see your daughter in this game
requires on bricks every now and then so
that's a constant gameplay thing if you
don't want to die you've got to find
this stuff and they don't make it easy
to find and bring it to her
saying that it defeats the spirit of
your question I don't care that's that's
always been my answer since I was six
gonna load you human
rich confirmed for unn creative no it's
I would say rich confirmed for humanists
there you go
be a Falken of some sort so I can like
like live a couple years and then die
eat a bunch of bugs in the woods a
couple a couple of raw mice yeah no no I
don't want to be a falcon
rich confirmed for idiot for not wanting
to be an animal hey you know if you want
to be a mouse or something that's that's
your business that seems kind of stupid
to me
remembered you can give her that but I
don't remember where you get the list of
things she would want there was one of
those things that's just supposed to be
common sense I don't remember
so to earlier give me your shit
and I still too early hey ma my
brother's a hex because I wanted ax
what's sci-fi alien what I want to be we
wouldn't want to be a Ferengi
there's just no one likes Frankie come
on Klingons just kind of dumb violent
Psychopaths
the Vulcans devoid of emotion I would
want that
now there's the asari in Mass Effect's
now granted you'd have to be a chick but
they live for like 2,000 years so that's
pretty sweet it's not a question I've
thought about
although me
just pick us on use to the first
uprising but the camber feels funny
you
rich if you could be any sci-fi robot
which would you be you guys are just
cool
certainly not the cherry 3000
2009 3000 what are cool
this game looks kind of like well you
know I think it's a little lame compared
to the first one it's a little bit a
little bit too easy a little bit too
easy I'll show you some fun stuff as
soon as I get that fucking key
this way
rich do you ever be challenged 6in
vanquished no some of them are hard SARM
says rich if you could rich any rich
witch rich rich rich rich rich
definitely rich
Oh fuckin corner fucking idiot how do
you get left behind how do you get left
behind how do you do that you were right
there
Keith Gordon
favorite boss in blood-borne isn't that
especially hard but father Gary scone I
still don't know how you pronounce his
damn last name but just the story behind
them around him is so dark and it's a
fun fight easy fight but it's a fun
fight but still too early to give you
your fucking medicine yep
Gus coin that sounds weird
his name is Prowse guess coin but guess
key ole it's got Gascoigne ragazze coin
weird
you're stuck at the lost in Technicolor
you're stuck at the Blood star of beast
goddamn yeah I was two for like two
solid fucking days he is a pain in the
fucking ass get used to countering he
does that one claw swipe really easy to
counter also once she get him down to
those like a 2/3 health watch his
posture when he he does this thing where
I kind of like pauses and scratches down
that's what it is about to leap on you
and do that like that movie it's
basically an insta-kill
I mean not really you might have like a
little gonna help left and died right
afterwards because the poison just just
look at his posture when he when he
pauses for a second get out of the
fucking way
yes I love blood-borne I'm still playing
a lot of blood bar
I guess that won't watch everything
resolves revolves around that fucking -
can I give her a goddamn medicine yet so
we can continue the story
Katy's not gonna die I got like I got
like plenty of time in dead rising time
I've got I've got forever
do I think Jay would like the visual
body horror design in quake 4 I can't
speak on how he would like the design
III do think he would probably be amused
by that section that's one giant spoiler
like a third to half way through the
game and I if you've played quake 4 you
know exactly what I'm talking about
they're not saying she's gonna die
they're hoping oh that's mean that's
mean can't continue the story if she
dies hey honey I told you I'd get some
Jean Rex
see that wasn't so bad dad sure our
daddy's girl
I mean it's it's a lame substitute for
characterization I still don't like
letting her diet
and I don't need the fucking saves fuck
that shit
fuck that shit
rich confirm for I'll see your the hurt
yeah because you know caring about the
lives other people's is so lame it's
gonna say somethin Avengers to spoiler
what can i play Maximo to I go out of my
way to save everybody are not always
successful easy for people to die in
that gory stage 5 survivors that you can
always bottom always that makes me a
pussy complete bull Soviet so bid don't
don't worry cosplay I stop myself from
saying anything
there will be no no Avengers I'm going
to wait for Avengers 2 discussions no
I'm going to at the very least wait
until the next half in the bag is on
which one modestly should be very
shortly after I lost my wife rich will
you ever stream in Ontario sittin on
your butt being so
I fuckin hate the Atari 2600 and I grew
up with it I grew up with it and I have
noticed on Jeff ugly awful machine we
were in town protesting that awful show
you are on do you believe me I don't
know what to believe you sure don't seem
like a terrorist and I know we weren't
involved look we have three days before
the military rolls in that's how much
time I have to prove I'm innocent with
the reporter the one at the hotel the
tape she had it's a complete fake she
said she had a source whoever that is
must know more I need to find out where
she got it she said she was in the hotel
I'll keep an eye on your daughter I
won't say anything to her
I'm ste I miss the elevator music from
the first game didn't edit under under
under said antenna dum da-dum da-dum I
made a wrong turn
I definitely made a wrong turn
yes
stupid safehouse lost I'm lost of this
babies this rats maze Oh No
help me with my problems
what
well I play demon souls or well I just
let Jack play ah we'll play it by ear I
mean Jack I know jack is really looking
forward to it so I mean if he's if he's
enjoying it I'll just let him keep
enjoying it I mean the copy we have is
on oh god I finally got the key the copy
we have is on the ps3 and he doesn't
have a ps3 so when we stream it'll
probably be the only opportunity he gets
to play it so I'm probably just gonna
let him go nuts I'm sure I'll play it on
my own at some point but the stream may
end up being all Jack well we'll see
we'll see he if he gets tired of it I'll
take over a bit I'm not gonna force the
issue
zombies like like we've been fighting
all game but now now we have to do
something about it we didn't before for
some reason
so rich growing up are you a Genesis man
or assess I I was by 16-bit Yule either
either is fine though I in in general
maybe slight preference for the Ness
Ness had a more comfortable control pad
to use like I don't know what they were
thinking with that crazy Genesis 3
button thing I mean that's just weird
alright so spread around these games in
these maintenance rooms and you can
combine items like there was a box of
nails on the table now I'm going to
combine that with a baseball bat
and you get
Oh a nail bat so you can you can
experiment and just combine whatever you
find lying around though I believe if
you find the blueprint you get more
points for more prestige points for
using them or more durability or
possibly both I don't remember which
spiked bat is like me a better more
powerful version of the regular bat
materials
I got a bucket something else was that
snack
are you just a snack
and at this point I don't hardly
remember what all of the combos are but
there's a fair number power drill
Wow
don't need that some way
and a bucket
yes Jack is gone for the whole week
I might not even stream Sunday I don't
know I'll see what's going on
like I don't I don't have the blueprint
for this so I'm not gonna get as many
points for using it as I normally would
but you can make you can from the start
you can make any comp over the game
excellent
all right so I just put those those
drills
parlez how I had one drill but
apparently this three now and I I put
them in a bucket right see the Dead
Rising games like I've said before all
about having fun with the zombies
sledgehammer do I still have it my don't
have in a million victory but I can go
grab I can go grab another one there's
another thing we can make that's neat No
you'd get me an axe that's what we're
gonna do yeah sort of don't need that
they want
jack is out of town he'll be back next
Wednesday
no there's an accent here but I picked
one up earlier where where's the fucker
spawn I don't remember exactly where it
spawns there it is all right back to the
drawing board like like literally
didn't edit and Durant editor yeah I
miss the excuse me
Dead Rising one music
yeah talking about the tigereye I don't
even know if we're gonna get there
Oh God look at that sledgehammer with
what smacks that great how come it's
weird because I'm wearing that I'm
listening to the game to the TV so I
didn't hear the delay but it's quiet I'm
still hearing the delay in my headphones
and I hit things and I just very quietly
in the background I hear the noises from
like swinging a bat and it sounds like
there's somebody in the other room and I
know I should be here alone unless
unless I opened the door right now and
there's like something horribly creepy
going on outside which I suppose that's
always possible
hey rich are you Mitch revans on reddit
no I am never on the reddit I certainly
don't have a name on reddit so know that
it's not me
might be somebody pretending to be me I
don't know but no stay right there I
just found a blueprint for a different
set of weapons my way you some beasts
and will defile you
at this point I'm not really I mean I
don't even care about the story right
now I think I'm just at this point I am
just having fun
games can be bad
it was a boxing glove fluffing I think
any boxing gloves
exactly I need something
defilers pretty opine
which Evans wants to defile Sunday's
yeah doesn't everybody but that was the
whole point
sweet rich have you ever thought about
making your own comic yeah when I was in
high school oh not not seriously I liked
that kick at the end of that
so were we oh you know what trying
chainsaw weapon tech like me some
chainsaw
I've got again shouldn't everybody let's
get out of this area
yeah frame rates downright bad
I mean if it's not expensive I'll try
and get the steam version of this I
would love to see the first dead rising
on PC because that that game needs to
fucking be preserved
I know there's elevator music in the
background but it's not the same
elevator music I don't think it's the
same elevator music I'll have to I don't
know what I'm not streaming all now
listen to it I don't know but I know the
first dead rising had that deadened a
dun dun duh dun duh dun dun dun dun dun
duh dun duh dun dun that's what I miss
yeah I would love to see the first dead
rising your master that'd be the shit
kick the sloppy it's the best thing ever
so we're now out on the strip it's a
zombie Highway
yeah I'm trying to read the sign zombies
there we go
paddle saw don't fuckin panel saw yeah
yep lost my lost my gloves shame shame
it's not the not the one where I get the
need to find that or I know this uh
Matt's room around here somewhere oh
that was the one right near here
yeah
a chainsaw here yes there is this is one
thing Dead Rising 2 as over Dead Rising
1 the combo weapons are great
kill her why why do I think I'm
streaming what my teeth Oh what do I
think of Shadow of the Colossus I need
to play it outside of this room
it seems fine
love the look of it love the my little
Colossus
guess there's no jump Swiper
as opposed to rescuing people which is
kind of neat actually
all right next story today we're off to
the next story on my own time I'm
definitely gonna have to revisit the
dead rising bush and you know I need a
full playthrough of both of these now
the question is do i do Dead Rising 2
and off the record or do i do Dead
Rising 2 or off the record
I don't know
as far as bytes and being immune to the
zombies rules aren't quite the same the
zombies in this game are actually a
parasitic wasp that infects your brain
which I don't know if it's ever made
entirely clear that whites are the
actual source of the trend of being
zombie or if you could just or if it's
just like a wasp must fly into you or
something I don't know it's not entirely
clear wanna spoil things either way Dead
Rising one they go and they go into this
kind of stuff a little bit more there
yes parasitic wasps if you don't like
himself it's weird
I thought it was weird when I first
heard about it you know in the game and
I got to that section the important part
the important thing is some B's that's
at the end of the day that's what
matters if somebody in the chip hasn't
made the obvious joke they are zombies
I'm assuming somebody's made that joke
it was the first thing I thought of way
back one
it's just awful
really
I think I actually want
was that Maggie
because I'm being homeless
endo kromm says I'm late has the most
recent Star Trek death but it covered
who damn somebody died the most recent
one I know is Leonard Nimoy
yeah got some two or three who are safe
fuckin I'll save over whatever that is
if you're if you're if you're just
talking shit endo crime you it works now
I want to know did somebody die Trek
did Shatner finally find humility in the
afterlife Michelle in the coals no more
Oh Oh Janice ran died oh that's sad
III have no thoughts on it I I as first
this is the first I'm hearing about it
if you're not trolling about that by the
way
probably not I don't know you know I'm
never sure I'm assuming you're being
honest
can you make a ranged weapon in this
game yes you can I don't remember what
all the combos are off the top my head
and you can find some regular old guns
but as a general rule the melee stuff is
more fun you need to pay attention out
here buddy
Janus ran was 85 how old is everyone
else how old's Michelle Nichols and Sulu
from the security video
jeez I thought you'd be long going by
now
since you're sticking around here to
answer a few questions
I'm not your story lady I didn't have
anything to do with the outbreak right
sure you didn't
and that tape showing you tampering with
the cages was a fake I had nothing to do
with this my daughter and I barely got
out of there alive
I need to know where you got that tape
from and who your sources reporters
don't reveal their sources shucks that's
privileged information
privileged my ass that wasn't me on the
tape I'm being set up
why should I believe you you don't have
to but you want the big story right help
me out and I'll give you an interview
with the prime suspect it has to be an
exclusive sure doesn't matter to me I
can't tell you my source but there is a
central security room they'll be footage
of everything that happened there I can
show you where it is well that's a start
at least are we gonna need your crew
they ran off with all the equipment I
guess they just didn't want it bad
enough yeah I know the show was on in
the 60s I'm just kind of shocked that uh
yeoman Rand was like the oldest member
of that cast at least at least well I
was gonna say at least among the ones
that are still alive but she's not
anymore as of a week ago I had no idea
she was the oldest cast member and you
know what there's Rebecca Chang III no
he wasn't going to be the protagonist
but I don't understand why the hell
Frank West wasn't in this game as just a
a non-playable reporter character that
seems so strange to me
especially since he was a fan favorite
as soon as the kitties say
Hey
frank west is really ugly yeah that's
that's the point he's not handsome big
hero he's some he's some sleazy schlub
that's that's part of what makes Frank
West great
no no Rebecca I don't need to take a
rest list it's called carry on with our
goal you're kind of hot though
i I'm is Frank West jump kick of doom
look at that that's terrible
you drop your weapon when you do it
Frank West knew how to kick his way
through a horde of zombies Frank West
could barehand this game goddamnit
Chuck Chuck is just he's just not up the
task
he needs weapons I can't I can't suplex
zombie I can't rip one's head off my
bare hands now electric rakes go a long
way towards making up for that but I I
miss Frank and I'm gonna have to replay
off the record
damn yeah yeah chain chainsaw motor
bikes do go a long way towards making up
for things still
I don't I don't have off-the-record here
to play she's gonna be honest with you
Street probably had too much on the ps3
I just have Dead Rising 2 vanilla-y if I
have the the xbox360
I could play Dead Rising 2 off the
record but it's not what I got
look at how look at how tough the escort
missions are in this game wow that's so
difficult look look she just runs
through with no problem at all why
haven't I even have it in the game look
look the Katy they can't grab her that's
terrible
there's no challenge in it
here let me try
don't bother it's locked you've got some
interesting skills for a reporter
no one ever got an award playing by the
rules
Wow looks like somebody didn't like the
show much
dammit there's nothing here that we can
use
everything's been destroyed
no zombie did that there may not be
anything here to clear your name but it
definitely proves someone's covering up
what really happened you believe me now
let's just say I'm intrigued
what is it what's wrong I'm on my way
wait who is that
Stacey Forsythe the leader of cure
I guess I'll meet you there
oh this just gets better
so I ate Donuts a saying rich are you
saying you missed the fuck up Aaron
swoop from the first game here's the
thing as as as much of a pain in the ass
as he is to rescue it's so satisfying
when you can do it it really is when you
when you manage to pull that off and and
that that whole group he's with you got
the you know like the crippled woman and
and whatnot and you if you get them all
the safe Falls it's like yeah I did it
you don't you don't get that in in this
game somebody wanted to see machete and
draw where's machete and coming up it's
gonna be a broom and broom broom goes
the dynamite and
bring it on no I can't I can't okay I
can't inventory the electoral wreck our
little big deal that's not a Babylon
raid you stop the music
yeah it's fine you don't get many points
for it I give it I give it a a five out
of ten no yeah yeah I'm not that big on
the push broom Fischetti
I'm sorry I'm sorry
is is the game FPS trapping or is the
stream getting lag spikes I'm not sure
because I'm not watching the stream but
I know I know it doesn't look like the
best frame rates while playing it so I'm
gonna blame game if I don't know how bad
the play rate is that you're actually
good
yeah
do they have yeah I'm building one last
weapon her I'm getting ready to call it
a night though just give you guys a
heads up
let's do this
this is our depth wheelchair
there's no way to get somebody in the
chair if somebody were in the chair that
would put it over the top
nature's one last there we're gonna see
if a certain boss battle is available
that will probably end the stream after
I give the shout outs of course where do
that get soft on you guys
I don't think it is though
so the staff in Russia
no I don't think it's available yet
otherwise I would have done okay okay
double sure it's not in this point
I tried
if I played the next-gen dead rising no
don't own it and looks it looks kind of
boring relatively speaking so alright um
who we got we're done I leave off once
again leftover beefcake this is this is
great
this really is great this program you've
made for us split us mister glitch
crocodile brain el Ronco Lord Belmont
and a ruse thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate
