Oct 14, 2015
Transformers Devastation, Rocket League, Dead Space
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/23134843
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/23256109
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/23258391
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/23261047
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bty6zK7Pa0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NY9W7Lo0QV0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evw4CLB9C7A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkJkmmJrsqc

[Part I]
it's rich we're in the darkness oh my
god did you change the title of the I
did oh it was way up on it hi everybody
hello hello what's going on
welcome to spooky Wednesday we are back
to spookiness and a game here but
zombies
I guess zombies so many zombies which
has green hair yeah we're still figuring
out how to do the green-screen thing so
rich we'll have a lovely green haze over
his head and that controller is not
activating as advertised
I don't mind mouse a keyboard just on
the couch chair like this it's kind of
weird yeah close out the game
pull it up again see what happens unplug
and replug in the controller this is
classic rich getting up action you know
what classic every time I get up
something might break and it's
terrifying it's really true
good morning star Horrible's I'm moving
the shot oh I know it's listen this is
how I get it close to my face there's a
robot dick in your face if it's not just
right here I'll just
is this better should I just go like
this is that better for you it's a
little distracting but anyone who's
worked with audio knows that the closer
you can get a microphone to your face
the better the audio quality so loving
life whoa of course were hideous have
you not seen us before get with the
program
get with the program man Oh No rich is
gone did your other USB port fry rich
has one fried USB port I said you have
to hold a maybe
maybe hold a whole depressing maybe ya
know perhaps that's in the option menu
perhaps I don't know they're not saying
anything
I'll try and keyboard mouse it from the
couch sheriff right let's do 91 says oh
no there's a pale figure on the screen
what am I supposed to do that's spooky
and his controller there we go check so
check that top box there you go okay
apply wait wait go back into options
yeah
reload config files okay test controller
there you go nope I had this weird why
do I drink coffee at this hour because I
need to stay awake to to stream games
for you guys maybe it's being weird
because I unplugged and plugged in sure
but not so good one more shop just
restart the game everything's gonna be
fine then how odd
and then how odd it's not a lot of
coffee it's just um it's three shots of
espresso so that's not a ton for me
because I drink a lot of coffee there we
go oh there you go
how does online work with this I have no
idea
yeah forget you just wanna no one cares
about the game we just want to know
about Jax odd caffeine habits yeah I
drink you know I don't I mean I drink
coffee I drink a lot of coffee
these are end times and I try not to
drink coffee too late or else I don't go
to sleep but some nights I just don't go
to sleep in this way there was no hope
of survival always a hole in the mouth
somebody copy this is how you die hmm I
forget my framing then I wonder we'll
never know oh yeah no well no I got this
up over here I'll just refresh this
there's MIDI over here to start the game
you should welcome to Project Zomboid
surely you'll find yourself dying
horribly no one will mourn you then you
will be swiftly forgotten haha
everything will have been for nothing so
let's make sure you go up button yes and
yes we know these are the end times you
just told me is the antagonist
sorry an unexpected error occurred press
escape to left mouse button to exit it
should be noted that this game is an
early access
oh my god I just crashed completely it's
in very early access
no Phoenix just coffee no alcohol
tonight all right
no no drinking tonight cuz I have to
drive home and that would be
irresponsible of me so yes go man
an area that we need to find a new game
times one more chance game you're
getting one more chance okay is there
anybody from tech support in the chat
is there anybody from the big sport
anybody who's who's working on projects
on Boyd at the time compatibility mode
there we go let's see what compatibility
mode probably better compatibility mode
for high-end systems you know I've
played a little bit of this game a while
ago I like their ideas yeah it's not an
arcade ease on the game they do really
go for the survival aspect I mean I
played this like a couple years ago okay
what is happening April I love you we
are trying to we are a having a lot of
success crashing this game these are the
end times there was no this is how you
died you're right blood-borne is damned
will play blood-borne if you go over to
Jack's house and get his ps4 go over to
my house and get my feels for my family
would be horribly confused but uh you
know what when the DLC comes out I'll
probably yeah starts okay
easy the end times we've made it to the
second these at the end times I think no
no all right I think we need to plan
baby
what does Plan B I don't know how we
restrict restricting ourselves to spooky
wheezed we said we are gonna play a
spooky game and so far it's it's been
real horror stories Ultimate Edition
remember we did I know do you want a
hundred percent real store a horror
stories awesome I really don't do you
want to god no okay
god no there is new rocket legacy but no
no no why not give me give me one good
reason
check check vote vote rocket League or
other we've played too much raggedly we
can't play rocket League too much rocket
League chat don't was it a chat I wanna
playing doom 3 with the controller I'm
not I'm not doing doing with a
controller I I agree with the sentiment
mr. Beebe's says play grow home let's
grow home go home I know grow home I
think it's some kind of joke all right
lots of other alright alright others
winning others winning yes the best laid
plans Jack risk of rain spooky let's
find it so let's find a spooky you and
the spooky restriction is ruining our
stream risk of rain we've done before
okay if not spooky is something we
haven't streamed before and well you got
Jack these are what these are what have
you got I'm looking at your amnesia
machine for pigs know that amnesia game
it's the spooky game we
probably hate it yeah we probably would
those are the same people that made soma
yeah we probably really probably hate
that I'm the story in some Oh a lot
quite a quite a bit
there's just no K I'm sorry there's
nothing I am sorry there's no game at
all I really want to like sum up we
that's that you know I see some people
were asking about like the next prereq
and the next who's in whatsit soma we
are we're trying a new format for video
that we did for soma and we played some
of soma and you know what am I got
that's spooky
I have crypt of the necrodancer very
spooky skeletons yep we do have Dark
Souls prepare to die edition oh we could
do a little more dark so see how that's
pretty spooked we got darkest dungeon
okay yeah oh you played that right yep
Dead Rising 2 and Dead Rising 3 ok let's
say spooky I just don't have much that's
spooky it's not it's not my forte yeah
we're not playing five nights at
Freddy's that's just vetoed I'm seeing
some people seem to like darks the Dark
Souls idea you want to read some what I
have and then whatever seems to be
getting the most interest okay in the
chat I think we're gonna go with I think
it's a bad idea to stream it but I do
have Ghost Busters the video game and we
all know that has ghost - Ghost Busters
the video game that's Ghostbusters the
video game 3d they got before hell
dreams died as hell dream is Dan Aykroyd
Bill Murray and yep doing the voices the
problem is if we stream that the whole
stream is gonna be shut up rich and Jack
we want to hear the dialogue yeah that's
the only reason I think it's a bad idea
I actually like the game a lot sure then
we can't do that
Grim Fandango has skeletons I wouldn't
call it spooky at all you know
hands of fate vaguely no it's not dream
that a bunch get out of here get out of
here with that there's a consensus
pretty much Dark Souls may be the
consensus is pretty much nervously we do
have murdered soul suspect oh yeah that
was a weird one I think that might be
too slow but we could give it a try
murdered soul spot sudden blows what's
what's right based on what I've said we
had murdered soul suspect the
Ghostbusters game which I think will
make for a bad stream as much as I like
it I'm seeing a lot here's what I'm
seeing I'm seeing a lot of Dark Souls
I'm seeing something called the 7th
guest Oh No you know that an early CD
game point-and-click oh can you get dead
space oh I've never played dead space or
played dead space either that's a spooky
game and it's a new game that space is
not a new game well a game we haven't
played before rich let's go look at that
that's a good suggestion whoever
suggested that I lost is 19 bucks you
must bring for it
I want spring for this 34 for the dead
space pack with the I don't know it's
early both games yeah but you can buy
both for 30 bucks no 40 oh it's $5 yep
just get the one okay we're gonna play
dead space they're a state of decay
state of decay actually is a bad play
dead space it's only five barks what
state of decay yes another zombie
survival one but it's 3d dead space this
base dad while we download Dead Space
I saw some people asking about the steam
controller I tweeted this the other day
I got I'm so excited and for anyone who
who asks me about the game I am most
excited for the answer to that is the
steam controller I'm more excited about
the steam controller than I am about any
game coming up
and I don't know that it says about me
says you're interested in a whacky new
control supply might be might be
terrible or might be revolutionary
we don't really know so you know I
ordered as soon as it came out I got a
notification in my email that says that
it is on the way and that you know a
shipping slip has been made check my
tracking numbers and they haven't
actually shipped it yet according to
FedEx so I've just been waiting but I
want it I want it so hard and now that I
know that it's closed it just gets me
even more excited for the steam
controller we need we need like
something to kill 10 minutes I think all
right what do we have to kill ten
minutes you play like brutal doom or
something for 10 minutes no now that not
a lot of controller just I'm being picky
and finicky about that I yeah
if only we had our steam controller
which might work yeah yeah yeah I would
be willing to try that yeah I just plant
you just pick something and play it for
10 minutes
fix something fix something and play it
for 10 minutes while we wait for dead
space to down oh my god hold up what's
say one okay I'm not looking
maybe when all right Meg um Space Quest
one no don't do that because then it
does that we can't play any daughter
okay fine fine fine
we can't do anything all right here we
go again here we go again
all right say when Jack steam reel it in
all right um bit.trip runner favorite
this one love that game love bit.trip
runner great the stream is going well
this lame project zomboid yeah yeah we
had a whole thing planned here
is this food trip 101 or - okay
I gotta find OBS worse will be s fuckin
hiding right this game is so spooky
spooky bit trip I don't hate it that's
the best I can do there you go
oh dude and does does your steam still
download yeah just to make sure it looks
it still done great alright bit.trip
runner all remember how to play you can
see the game now it's fine you ready
jump and you do shit that's great
we're playing this while we wait to
download Dead Space because Project
Zomboid crashed three times in a row
while we tried to play it I think we
gave it a fair shake yep exactly
you can look at you use your rainbow of
joy yay
it's something to play while we wait for
motherfuck to download oh my god Alice
had a fire we're never doing steam
roulette again you don't like steam
really you missed that one go I didn't
die I didn't die
that's what matters yes not dying is the
most important thing or is it I play
games it's not dying yeah yep sorry
you should one you should be too
okay so steam controlers not a toy maybe
one maybe I would have loved playing
brutal doom good if we could have like
unboxed it here that'll come a spooky
I'm good for that do you think you'll be
able to stream from the studio on Sunday
probably it'll do if you can bring that
steam controller well fuck yeah as soon
as we get those Sunday I've been able to
reason oh no oh no thanks wait a way to
go that's why I said it's more important
not to die nobody listen to me I said
that then I got knocked back and nobody
liked it
yes tuck tool we the the plan is for the
next normal prereq episode to be a kind
of a overview of the steam controller
like a review I guess of the controller
how we feel about it
controllers in general I think I think
the the steam controller is exactly what
prereq was made for because I have
always been a controller person a
console person yeah and rich has always
been a mouse and keyboard but when it
comes to shooters most definitely like
stuff like Batman and whatnot controller
even for me for you for shooters I need
a controller
so like bit.trip runner this is simple
imprecise oh-oh-oh
Richard Brunner it crashed but triprotic
crash oh I can't believe that happened
we had the spooky thing hanging over our
heads it's gotta be spooky because we're
October we're doing dead spooky games
because I'm sorry I'm an asshole I know
I know I'm an asshole but this is just
far more far more interesting a little
bit of an app being an asshole
yeah I'll admit to that I'm okay with
that you're well I guess as long as
you're okay with that as long as you're
okay with it we uh that was weird how
much doubt I good stout and crashed
honest I think that's weird
mm-hmm you know like the other game was
an alpha so you know Richard Brian it's
been around for a while you think that
would run right
crashed that's really weird how that
crash like that that's something I can
do now Vince I point to you and call you
an ass whore
it's October only pumpkin spice games
that's right fucking right mm-hmm
great we went live that's great news
oh your phone got a late update oh no
I'm just add you saw that I already did
you're you're on the ball you're see you
know you know what right here it's
because you are not an asshole that's
true I try I in general trying not to be
an asshole that's the thing about me
we've played it is a little cold in
Wisconsin this morning it was 40 degrees
yeah 40 degrees this morning fuck this
state it's great we played a little bit
in France you've beaten the game on yeah
and now you're playing New Game+ yeah so
we have to play a little bit our other
show that we're trying to get off the
ground we've also done some show what
some show first four hours of we did
this so we'll
I'm wearing Uggs
no actually I'm wearing I'm wearing
flip-flops today because I don't like
wearing shoes enjoy 40 degrees out I
don't like wearing shoes and I know like
I'm gonna be sitting here for a couple
hours and so it's like I don't want to
have shoes on while I'm here they're
never gonna replace the Starscream and
Cobra Commander voice that voice actor
died and they're just they're never
gonna find somebody that's solid right
it's gonna be like Kermit the Frog we're
gonna have to endure 20 years of
Starscream sounding weird
Starscream like yeah pretty annoying
voice though right like yeah it was kind
of the point though wasn't it I guess
I'm not sure that was intentional so
who's we've been favoring by the way
address fucking Optimus motherfucking
Prime all the other Autobots can gun
thing they can go suck a big fat
metallic dick I had a lot of fun playing
as Grimlock he's a fucking robot
dinosaure tired and sad I don't know
what battle Angel is and I have no
feelings about Robert Rodriguez
directing it over James Cameron rich it
sounds like some gonna anime thing yeah
whatever what is a battle angel they as
directors I think they both have
strengths and weaknesses you know I I
think in the hole based solely off of
just in movies I would say Robert
Rodriguez is a weaker director if you
look at their entire catalogue
if you look at specific examples Robert
Robert Rodriguez is fantastic but then
you got to add all the spy kids and
Sharkboy and Lavagirl in there too yeah
it's terrible man for making movies for
children no terrible man they're bad
movies
children enjoy them do they I don't know
then then he's done his job but then the
children also enjoy good children's
movie you know they don't need to be bad
for children to eat it isn't the story
he made like a movie as his kids would
like wasn't that it was that Sharkboy
and Lavagirl like his kids actually
created Sharkboy and Lavagirl that he
just he likes to make movies in his
garage his garage is very large
what no it's it like Lord Belmont I
don't think it's like that he's like too
obsessed with digital he I mean he is
really obsessed with digital but I think
there are times in which he can't put
together a cohesive story or restrain
himself with the digital thing if you
like Spy Kids is awful and a lot of it
is because it's all digital but you know
he's a fine filmmaker I am I did I did
change the stream title judge frowny
face I did change the stream title check
oh no I didn't change the stream title
if they change the game
spooky Wednesday's transformers meets
mine we still might do dead space we
didn't pay for it so we're probably
still gonna do dead space this is just a
killing time while we download Dead
Space sorry for yelling into I changed
the game but I didn't change the title
I'm gonna say I'm gonna say that's
entirely 170 percent fine I did I did a
half-assed job of my job which was
updating the stream that was my only job
spike is yes bye kid is my kids is awful
all the Spy Kids movies are awful that
was a si effort
si effort New Game+ I think I am playing
on the higher difficulty hours it's fine
it's fine you know you're optimistic in
prime nothing matters but biome Optimus
autobots roll up autobots roll out
Autobots
this is my Optimus Prime voice I think I
have autobots roll out pretty well
autobots roll up roll out Autobots
yeah I really get into that roll Howard
autobots roll out you know here's a
ground to him do you know that it's a
gentle growl it's a gentle yeah I know
it's a growl that uh that has some
patience Optimus Prime is the Gentle
badass I don't know later in the game
preserve all life but kick some ass
while doing it that's Optimus Prime
that's how we win that's how we roll out
we will save all the humans by punching
protect the innocent with laser guns so
you do it do you uh do ever get to play
as a Decepticon okay No then the answer
to that is no I believe later later on
you can be Optimus obviously you can be
bumblebee you can be Wheeljack you can
be Grimlock and you can be sideswipe
sideswipe some aka some other dickhead
I'll admit I've never been a super huge
transformers fan yeah Optimus Prime is
always kick-ass yeah
I think that's the Tigers I think that's
where I'm pulling my voice from is from
the original cartoon thank you it's fine
um Dante no sorry Ellen doesn't need
more people we need more time yeah we
need more time for everything
you know I know like that's offered a
lot like you know can I help on shoots
you know if you need interns and whatnot
but like the schedule here is so
sporadic we like we could never schedule
anything you know an extra person to
schedule home and yeah we pretty much
have it under control the the big bulk
the thing that takes up the most time is
editing yep
shooting we have pretty pretty well down
but editing takes forever and you know
we're not gonna take that away from from
Jay Mike or myself that's the product is
they're editing frankly that's the part
we enjoyed the most but and yes also
that is part of the product so that's
where the real that's where the real
kink is and of course you know obviously
space cop another thing to edit taking
up a ton of time oh you have a little
shield I never noticed that when you get
hit with the laser you have like a
little bluish shield yeah you know we
didn't notice a lot of things that's how
we roll that's how we roll out do you
need a person to schedule that's what we
need we need one person to schedule all
the interns yeah also we couldn't pay
anybody any of this right now we're
still figuring out how to pay ourselves
so Devastator
they surf right with the giant thing
yeah and waste any time
yeah yeah oh shit
keep going right for the gravattack oh
my god fuck you fuck you Devastator yeah
yeah young
and jimmy-jam says we can pay him in
Newquay tapes that is that will be a
viable currency soon also if anyone has
any by the way I'm I want to let you
guys know I'm really really Jack I mean
Jays not here you don't have to do you
don't have to that's the big
it's a terrible bit there's nothing
there's nothing I can do about that
that's the big I do want to let everyone
know that usually when I talk to you the
chat I look at my microphone I don't
know yeah but like I will look at my
microphone as if I'm talking to you but
I don't need to do that anymore
I look at you but you might have just
seen me right now say like okay listen
up as if I was talking to you but now I
can talk to you and say that's just you
know that's gonna be an adjustment for
me here's what that's gonna be
Thank You Jay balm and spirit I think
it's a good bit - I think that we need a
couple more new key tapes is a fine bit
and I'm gonna keep it up bits
they got peaks and valleys Ridge
something that one's been in the valley
for like a year and a half and then you
know what one of these times I'm gonna
say it and he's gonna hit you in the red
moon well back up into peak yeah
exactly Oh bother you can watch my
enthusiasm be sucked out of me just
ripped it pulls it pulls it out of me
I need it all for my soul surely have
any
what do I know about microphones POTUS I
don't know if you've been watching the
stream for very long but we know very
little oh I get it
I think you were being a joke do you
want to be a professional lady player
here's the thing I know about
microphones is you get the microphone as
close to your subjects face as possible
this is one thing a lot about
microphones
maybe I move quite far much better Oh
bumblebee this is the section where I'll
be bumblebee was that was quick and fast
and had super combo power it's gonna
made a badass semi-tractor man like I'm
a transformer - oh my god you have a
laser sword see that's pretty awesome
right no yeah you can give anybody the
laser sword yeah no I know the
microphones in the picture like I could
is it if it's that distracting to you if
my microphone being in a shot is that
distracting to everyone because I meant
you did the multiple times
is that better is that better everybody
mic the mic is now out of the shot I
have my family the mic is fine well you
know the Transformers collecting data
wants to know what war the Transformers
originally I show a game they were a toy
first I don't remember if they beat GI
Joe to the TV but they're either the
first or the second toy line that
basically used a cartoon to sell the toy
line yes
the toy line was not selling very well I
don't I don't know if that's the case
wasn't the case the case it was not
selling terribly well and they needed a
more effective marketing strategy and so
they made a cartoon as cheaply as popped
that doesn't sound right
that doesn't sound it probably wasn't
painting but it just wasn't gangbusters
and they're saying Outsiders Kirk says
Joe Joe was two years before drink up
drink up
and he-man was before GI Joe but I
believe he man was a cartoon first in
Venezuela no no no no III remember cuz I
remember loving the he-man toys and then
then they started coming out with the
cartoons and like he-man was such a
pussy in the cartoons
I couldn't stand cartoon he men
especially especially is his secret
identity Prince Adam I just wanna hey I
would pay to see Prince Adam get punched
in the face repeatedly yeah I didn't
quite understand that if anyone didn't
need a secret identity it's fuckin
he-man right just go full Conan Yeah
right when I play with my toys
Skeletor was not the fucking crybaby he
was in the cartoon scowltura was a
skeleton monster it was tough and he-man
was like a Conan the Barbarian he would
just cut people off and when I played
with my toys
yeah not did not care much for the the
watered down baby cartoon
I dealt with it because it was he-man
but uh you know playing with the toys
was just something it's just different
they're saying you are right about human
cuz I remember being disappointed with
how he was kind of portrayed in the
cartoon he's kind of a it's kind of a
would not my man God is this cat just
complained all the time yeah yeah sure
battle cat I don't remember what the
secret identity name was but extra
Howard actually actually like that
because it's not the cartoon version if
he mad there's no pointless secret
identity he he kills people the sword
Skeletor Skeletor is not a incompetent
boob I actually like the live-action
he-man movie when I was a kid because it
was exactly the opposite of what the
cartoon was yeah films you know promised
to put up half of the budget if Hasbro
put up the first half and then and then
they backed out of the deal as soon as
it has bro put up their money no we're
not be giving it any more money and so
then they just have to like slap
together the rest of the movie
I guess they go to earth then I don't
know get Courtney Cox she's cheap that's
just flat-out understandable they made
what they could with what they had
and it's a bunch of dickheads but I'm
sure everybody knew that I don't know
anything bubble these fucking combos
because does he's bumblebee and I never
use them oh yeah Apple is paying me for
product placement there we go everybody
knows I like Apple computers
jack is too quiet now now you're just
fucking with me and I don't appreciate
it
no now you're just fuckin with me and I
don't appreciate you do appreciate it I
do know I don't appreciate anybody I
should have just let go in the first
place and then stuck to my my microphone
my microphone will right in my mouth
ways and I let you guys I let you guys
talking into I never saw the first
Transformers animated movie that that
was that was the moment I that was the
moment I stopped loving the Transformers
yeah they killed Optimus Prime in the
first act
they killed in the first act they killed
the only character I gave a shit about
and I as a kid I didn't see in the
theater it was a rental I I left the
room it was rented before me
specifically and when after his prime
died I just went and did something else
I think I made I may have even cried who
the fuck of these other jerks I don't
care about any of them
such a sleazy way you can buy the new
toys the old toys are dead you have to
buy the new ones all those beloved
characters yeah they're in the fucking
grave by the way just the phrase the old
toys are dead that's what transformers
the movie was all these things that are
part of your lives and part of your
imagination the fucking dead now you
have to deal with that that maybe and
also maybe the root of the reason I hate
the heroic sacrifice trouble oh okay
I can't stand it to this day just
because of Optimus I don't I'm not gonna
say that it's possible I hate it out to
this because I don't like it but a good
it could have been the rudder okay it
was either the route that caused my
hatred of that or it just hit the nerve
first I'm not sure which hmm interesting
I have never once given any slight fuck
about the
yeah but you like Pokemon go figure
go figure to like even their toys I just
didn't I never Kayla with the robots and
they're fucking me away whatever I don't
care I probably never got those I
probably never got like the
transformation right anyway it's a truck
with an arm hanging out that doesn't
make any sense
I like GI Joe yeah everybody soldier
shoot bad guys super awesome
I think I've said this before Snake Eyes
is one of my favorite fictional
characters of all time I don't know if
you've ever gone that far before that's
a bold statement yeah ya know I always
loved snake eyes he's a ninja with a
machine gun yeah
that's fair that's I mean it's true yeah
it's fair
transformers in Pokemon is the same
business model really yeah Pokemon just
takes it to an extreme yeah yeah okay
transformer says here's the cartoon you
probably want the toys of these guys
Pokemon says here's the cartoon you have
to buy all of the toys of these guys
because the cartoon tells you to and not
only the toys of these guys but the
playing cards of these guys though both
versions and you're gonna need a new
system to play that new video game so DX
lt1000
really Pokemon is the is the final
evolution yeah transport yeah yeah
that's um capitalism motherfucker
I gotta buy em all gotta buy em all you
know what's nice what I think good old
hack-and-slash yeah good old press some
buttons combo ups and robots that's all
about time and those dodges in this game
mm-hmm you get that perfect dodge that
the time slows down and feels good
doesn't seem to do that much good on the
holes it's not a very long slow down but
it feels good like that that felt like
crap like that yeah that's you know what
like that the neck you're right and then
the next stage so you know we have
transformers then it goes up to Pokemon
and then like right now the the mega
evolution to use a Pokemon term is
Skylanders yeah yeah which is the new
hotness in all toy brands they got
Skylanders they got the Disney infinity
they got the new Lego dimensions is
another one of those stupid ass
Skylanders things where you need a
little lighter these specific Lego toys
with the Lego base and the Lego base
plugging into your nothing the base game
on that is 100 bucks oh yeah how much a
game is there without the toys why the
base game comes with like two toys - was
that like what two levels I mean is it a
full game even is it at least a full
game for a hundred bucks my guess is
it's a full what you know how many
carrot what characters can you use right
right right like if you just want the
Back to the Future stuff that's what
like a hundred bucks for the base game
and then 50 for the toy set there's
something crazy right yeah hey fuck that
business model gone you're right mr.
butch amiibos - like well and like
amiibos there-there are apparently like
amiibos are different you know they do
multiple things in multiple games but
it's all the same it's it's real-life
microtransactions
is just you know get a little bit more
from you but it's built into the game
all of that I'm incredibly happy that
I've been able to keep myself and more
importantly my children away from all of
those games every time like you know we
see them like if their kids come with me
to the video game store like we were
there recently and they saw the lego
dimensions and they're like what's that
oh that's nothing son that's nothing at
all oh just some Legos we can get those
at the store just regular oh my god
certainly not a video game but it looks
like a video game nope not a video game
at all I know there's a little black
market for like
Karen was all excited to be she thought
that was gonna be like a scooby-doo Lego
thing when she could play it like now
it's like a hundred and fifty dollars if
you want to play a scooby-doo for like a
level of scooby-doo
Lego it's a nice idea you know like all
the different lego worlds scooby-doo
Ghostbusters Back to the Future Doctor
Who Marvel DC all of them coming
together right I actually don't know if
Marvel's in that but there's a you know
there's a lot of different lego worlds
that can come together and that's such a
neat idea
good then you need to buy each of the
individual one on that is that was an
epic way to ended yeah yeah
uh-uh yeah tell your kids that they're
boring sighs no I just hoping that there
were regular Legos and they have plenty
of those and you know you can buy a
regular Lego for much cheaper than the
game they don't know most of that stuff
so building whoa
over there now dead space probably is
probably close to being done well wait
till rich gets done with another vote
are people enjoying this just a question
I have no idea they're if they're asking
for dead space what's the consensus on
the Transformers game people basically
should we switch the dead space ASAP or
should we linger Chewelah nyet you don't
have to I just know something I need to
know from them what will I do when my
kids get too old to lie to ah that's a
good question just say no yeah no yeah
hopefully by the time they figure out
that I'm full of shit they're like
responsible enough to do shit on their
own so that's what's the chat sing ASAP
switch switch a sense best go Star Trek
what keep death space I get that dead
space too loud too loud we we have it
what what's too loud you're telling us
this now
this game is pretty boring I don't care
what people like games by this company
it's this isn't their best game this is
no vanquish it's you know what vanquish
is like the most fun I've ever had with
a video game this is very this is
standard this is this is like something
they slap together for the money with
the license I know Platinum has made
some incredible games and this is not
their strongest effort by any means it's
a fine
hacking slasher your enjoyment of this
game will depend entirely upon your love
of the trans morphers yes and if you are
if you just want to play as Optimus
Prime and axe some dudes in the face
you're gonna have a great time
and if not then don't why are you even
looking at this game in the first place
it's not the big transformers
I must turn up the mic jack to
full-throttle what mic hmm what
it's the game this game might be
relatively water this thing this game is
in platinum their logo comes up when you
start the game who said that why did you
say that I don't know and I think it I
do think it looks cool I like I like you
know it's cel-shaded I like the art
style I like how all the robots look
what would you know you finished the
game what was the like level variation
very very little on the home that's what
I was calling was there another one
there's a Cybertron one but that and at
times looked a lot like the underground
bit that we played sure
so three there's three three worlds well
there's there's this outside ruin city
yeah then there's underground yeah then
there's kind of like some Ceti outside
city that doesn't count there is kind of
a park area that doesn't then there's a
one fight in space okay but it's one
it's exactly one fight something a full
thing sure
then there's Cybertron which looks
almost exactly like the underground and
then there's another fight in space
gotcha
right this is you know there there's no
need to do a full review of this game
because if you are watching this right
now you know what it is you're seeing
like you could see five minutes of this
gameplay and know exactly what the rest
there there is some weapon leveling up
stuff the oh god which is more obnoxious
than funding the way it's handled right
now this is it's it's a very simple very
basic hack and slash with robots there's
a very satisfying car turn into a robot
punch thing in the fighting mechanics
that I really enjoy but beyond that I
leave it and I'm fucking up all of those
with sideswipe where's this notice I
think this sideswipe
I don't know fucks rich is gonna finish
this next little level and then we'll
check it's a pretty much Universal turn
this off route by the magician is
recanting is in platinum game I can't
believe it's it's not it's so fun
I'm not gonna say it's a bad game but
it's nowhere near their best game like
vanquish I'm dead serious is probably
one of my favorite games ever yeah oh no
and you know we're not saying fuck this
game and this is like my 750 fourth
favorite game ever right you know no no
and then we're not being negative
because the game is what it is it's a
very simple we have 17 minutes left on
the dead space download really yep I
guess we're you know I guess we're also
screaming we're sucking up a lot of
internet maybe is transformed more first
still on no I turned off Oh fair enough
everyone was bored with it anyway we
really wanna turn a game that everyone
hates back on well just to have
something we got we got twenty minutes
what do you want we have to you know
right now and look at look at our game
it's it's straight it's a stripe Grady
we what do you want to play
I mean I here's here's the thing we
can't I was just gonna say like we could
play 20 minutes of rocket League but if
we take if we played 20 minutes of
rocket League we're using Internet there
we're using Internet to download and
we're using Internet to string so we had
two matches and I think it's fine cuz
you know did you get the DLC I mean yeah
we can play well I think just love it I
was playing it today earlier cuz I got
the new DLC I got the rocket League DLC
which you get two cars from the original
their original game super hyper rocket
car yes adventures and one of them is a
really cool like Beetle scarab looking
car
rocket League games are five minute
chunks it's easy to time out yep 20
minutes 20 minutes easy visit they're
saying we should take that 20 minutes
and really quickly finish Pokemon finish
all of Pokemon do that yeah I can
definitely happen that's definitely
gonna happen all of that I know I'll you
guys know I love rocket League I know I
sound a little bit like an addict I'm
talking about Rockley but I've it's a
great game to me fer he was just arguing
against playing it so I know we play it
we played it so much but you two matches
right that's all going for three three
men 103 three maybe four matches the
room names prereq anybody who can get in
good luck what's the password gonna be
none oh really
yeah why bother we're playing three four
matches sir did you create it no I
created it
right leg I I saw on the uh oh that's
right oopsie well people will join in I
think if they don't shut them in one of
the teams right yeah just don't get a go
you're a jerk
it's driving a circle just drive in a
circle around the ball waiting for
somebody to join them when somebody
joins so like I was I'm the gaming news
sites I saw the new dlc it was out today
and I bought the new DLC right away
bothers in and he's gonna score no
you're on the right side of the ball
sorry Oh bother
I generally did not mean to blow you up
oh is that one of the new cars right
there where is it oh yeah look at that
thing look at Kate look at how cool that
thing is look at it I'm just I'm not
going for the ball I'm just looking at
Kay so I was playing it a little this
afternoon and I feel really bad because
I had stuff to do this afternoon is a
rocket League I could do that right it's
just for unn oh my god anybody get in
how many people are in here is there is
there a four-on-four mode now there's
always been a forum for mode
it's three and three was the most I ever
saw no Lauren 4 is a chaos oh okay I
never really played chaos oh you know
what it is it's chaos huh it's a little
bit of gas huh
I hate soccer and cars should I buy this
game if you enjoy fun yeah I hate soccer
and cars yeah I don't hate cars I've
never been I've never been especially
huge on racing games though right but I
know I I hate soccer and I love this so
yes I mean this this is the the most fun
oh my god we are
we're losing handily yeah hey blue team
let's step it up myself included do I
have to have steam to buy games and play
them from Steam yes
yes you do steam is free you don't you
know you just sign up and you get it
Steam account for free
it's glorified DRM yeah it's convenient
glorified DRM but it's it's it's
basically the only way you're gonna play
a PC game in this day and age you know
their dog is pretty gog is pretty nice
and I've been messing around with that
GOG galaxy which is their version of
steam good old gog.com good old games
calm and now they have their kind of
version of steam which is called GOG
galaxy yeah and it's nice and then you
get stuff that's DRM free already
support the GOG yeah ya got a sport the
GOG kind of sport the guy cuz you know
what's team needs competition too they
need to feel some pressure to
competition breeds innovation see how
you feel about steam ones gabe dies i'd
like all new beast no well you'd like to
think no don't take off take off those
naive glasses well first of all you
didn't let me finish my sentence oh you
would like to think that his successor
would follow in his footsteps but we've
seen what has happened to apple after
jobs left how's that I watch treatin ya
Oh everybody hates it wasn't dumb idea
to begin with
the brain so down
it's like who the fuck would want to buy
a Dick Tracy watching please damage its
a video edge well you want to wear
something on your wrist that does less
than the thing that's already in your
pocket it's only $5,000
no no hating on Tim Cook by the way no
hey night because I am an Apple fanboy
so I'm not gonna that's just great
what that was just great like that yeah
I know I'm killing it I'm pretty much
killing it here I don't think I've done
any good for the team at all so you're
really killing it I'm killing it for
this
I'm literally making the team die all
those music notes are deep
oh yeah that's part of the new DLC oh
I'm assuming it is Wow
yeah that's cuz we're downloading dead
space here we go oh no what are you
doing
I would I thought I was talking I was
trying to time oh my god I try to time
that's trying to time
yeah we're downloading those dead space
we're streaming this and we're playing
an online game we're not smart
streamers do things are fun that space
could be fun we'll get to it it's just
not we'd be playing it now but we're
downloaded will you send our ass for 17
minutes that's what we should've done
I've got a cam with with just a black
background and we just we should just
stare silently yeah yeah we're all gonna
wait rolling wait we're not gonna read
chat we're not gonna have conversations
everything's gonna be fine okay
yeah the Steve Jobs movie does look
great my favorite part like my favorite
part of the reaction from the Steve Jobs
movies is how everyone is like did you
know that Steve Jobs was a horrible
asshole and it's like well of course
that fuck knew that earliest business
things was he cheated his partner
Wozniak right the day we gave money yeah
yeah no Wozniak was was the brains like
heat Wozniak was a builder he was the
and he just wanted to build computers
and give him away for free like let's
find a way to make computers so simple
that everyone could use them they could
build their own computers wouldn't that
be great and Steve job goes I want to
make money and he did then he died then
he said wait a minute
I don't think that I don't think there
was a causation there oh no maybe some
schadenfreude oh I hear the real chaton
Friday the the rumor has it you know he
had a very rare type of cancer yeah and
rumor has it that if he would have gone
with traditional like chemotherapy
traditional cancer treatment he had a he
would have had a higher survival chance
no but he opted for some more
experimental treatments which might have
ended his life pre oh my god prematurely
Oh oh my god I did not save that I don't
know who saved that but I was not me
it's chaos lose this particular man is
just whoever got in the room first
except the unlocked a new flag okay
that's right the lesson is don't get
cancer look at her fucking peg oh my god
oh my god alright one more match we
can't do this again look at our fucking
thing that's terrible
we're downloading and streaming we're
sending shit everywhere I know I know
we're internet in the fucking that's
great if you have a better way to kill
time this is the stream is game medley
right yeah we're a little we're a little
game a potpourri tonight look basically
what happened was no we were going to
stream Project Zomboid because buki
October October and the game crashed on
us like three times yep and we couldn't
stream it so we scrambled to find
something else to scream scream stream
and I guess we ended up coming up with
dead space but I don't have dead space
so we had to download Dead Space
No and that was gonna take an hour so
we've just been playing whatever to kill
an hour
kill an hour and you know having a great
time
having a great time doing it I did I did
not update the stream it's fine unless
they're coming in to see transformers
and I did not update the scream don't
know a break in the action having a life
time I'll see if I could figure out how
you do it
with your special programs to do these
things Chandi yeah I've never never
updated with you maybe I did it once but
it was ages ago
so you know okay don't go to select game
and then uh yeah yeah you got it you get
it rich yeah sorry sorry shy but we like
the ball is teleporting all over the
place because our ping is so fuck yeah
I'm using my mouse we're just probably
dumb
cuz your mouse isn't working you know my
my trackpad
speaking of Apple love and product I'm
really excited about the the new Apple
trackpad with force touch technology
totally got it totally getting it
I loved my old trackpad it broke on me
and I've been using a how do we apply
this oh I've been using a way to call it
a roller mouse the ball mouse trackball
trackball Mouse which has been fine but
you know definitely what's that ever
fine how is that ever fine I use my
computer a lot and if I use a regular
Mouse I am at risk for carpal tunnel
moment yeah well I mean I just I use it
all but I you know with fine motion on
my computer I need something with a
little more looka stuffy stuff who do
words are tough to say sometimes and I
really enjoyed using my trackpad but it
died on me and I didn't want to get a
new one because I knew that Apple was
coming out with their new their new
stuff Wow teleporting ball and it
finally came out the other day it's an
open fucking net
oh did I hit that I don't know I don't
think so no somebody hit it no Crispin
Glover shitty things are not fun that
might have been me doing that oh my god
I can't believe that didn't go in here
we go I don't think now is the time to
try and do anything fancy I did it I
stopped it
look I'm clearing balls all over the
blow my god
oh my god I went it rich I'm fuckin do
it I've blown this guy up yep and get
out of here
look at caping fuck you in your car
can't handle mine my jam
can't handle my ping I'm pinging all
over the place come come call me I can't
think of a joking time there was a joke
in there somewhere
I don't know what it was check if you
watch Suspiria probably not because I
don't know what you're talking about
it's a spiria it's a spy right now
no whatever it is no I haven't seen it
I'm going all right I'm here you need
some rocket fuel my friend I do fucking
there rich and clear the ball hang
around in the net waiting for a shot you
can't block I got it I got it I got it
you had a goal you got a school smirk no
not like that I did it I did it rich I'm
not sure what you did how goalie rich
I'm a real going home movies thanks for
thanks for saying that in rocket league
because I'm not paying attention as J
right now then then the answer is no I'm
trying to adjust my play for the random
ping so I'm like trying to aim a little
bit of front in front of where the ball
is yep and that's not helping I think we
were talking about it on the stream
before but we love ourselves from turbo
KITT turbo kid yeah turbo kids the
fucking greatest obviously it's a little
hyperbole they're a little hyper blur
there's pretty damn good it's really I
we had a great time watching it we saw
it here on a projector and it was great
there there were drinks involved which
might have affected my love of it but I
thought it was so fantastic especially
coming from and I know I know Jay
mentioned this but like coming from
something like kung fury where you know
like just the joke is how bad it looks
like it's 80s in this there's a boombox
in the 80s right this got the heart
right it got it got why we loved those
movies right turbo kid yep oh fuck you K
ping I hope tabs ooh Yahoo see how it's
down we're gonna check on the down low
check out the new swag it's done get out
of rocker then yeah you can stay but
we're leaving you guys play okay I'll
take this I'll take this update here
spooky Wednesday spooky Wednesday begins
now
for realsies real zzo dead space search
for game ok update
it's for reals now guys you play first
thing when I play first
oh you play first I'm doing it I've
never played a dead space I've I've not
either spookiness
yeah update our spookiness here shit out
of it
fuck yeah fuck yeah there we come fuck
yeah I think but spooky the fuck out of
it

[Part II]
did our spookiness here yeah take this
shit out of it fuck yeah fuck yeah there
we come fuck yeah
I think but spoopy the fuck out of it
make sure that why isn't that thing well
maybe because it's not here hit start
going to options and we're gonna change
the resolution of the day a leg yeah all
the way up just keep going
whatever the obvious there you go
there's the obvious okay
typically you wanted me sink off you can
get it off but oh don't worry I'm sure
it's fine
also there is a lag there's a noticeable
lag sometimes that's because a visa oh
yeah yeah I wasn't totally easy totally
complete great great new game let's do
this I'll tap real quick just so I can
see the full shed no cuz I don't need
broadcaster there we go okay I'm a
medium that's usually where I like to go
I don't know if this game is
particularly hard or easier one no idea
do you think helps against screen
tearing yeah but it also can give you
wag with the controls yeah oh and it
really was it was it was noticeable and
terrible like I'd hit the down and then
yeah pause and then down is there lag
there was there's a lag in the menu only
for vsync now it's no there wasn't
Chad Chad and only for vsync on again I
was talking to the chat I was looking at
your words and not you cuz I can look
you in the eyes now we need in the
future we need to have the camera on the
same side as the monitor oh I suppose we
could do then yeah or we put the camera
over there and then change where we are
one of the other one or the other cuz we
had a good point when we when we first
set up the camera we had it set up with
our heads on the the right side right
and so we would be looking oh it would
almost look as if we were looking to the
edge of the screen yeah that's weird
I wasn't thinking things into that I'm
sure it's fine they're monsters monsters
I'm a scientist in there are monsters I
think I get a sweet laser gun right I
don't know I think it's like monsters
that like do things to corpses much like
the monster from thing oh I couldn't be
wrong about that but I think there's a
body horror okay we're corpses turn into
different types of monsters fuck you too
I'm sure you're a beauty model are you
on the cover of Vogue then they have
then they have room to brag okay thanks
for liking my shirt it's a very simple
shirt and it's kind of cold out this is
exactly why we never wanted the camera
before I came here I had to think about
what I was wearing
okay I guess I can wear this is just a
shirt oh there's no skipping the cuts
like they're ready pop the clock
I can slightly look around you should
turn me turn subtitles on the Start menu
that's a good idea yeah it's very good
idea now try audio now you're thinking
with portals that's a different game
you're extreme portal yeah you know that
would be a good one for when we get the
steam controller yeah that'll be a good
test you know it'll be a good test
what portal 2 come on dog now you talk
in my dogness yeah you talking all up in
that shit yeah
I'm Isaac I'm gonna this is the that's
pretty cool - bye - docking procedures
ago
Jack factors white dad absolutely the
whitest of the white house the dog has
to be dogs the creepier human white
water
that's the scary lady shirt that lady's
shirt is literally tailored for her
giant tits that's the future they have
machines that can do it like there's
their but there's like sewing
there's seam work underneath it briefs
she's a lady largely endowed that's a
tailoring problem you know that cost her
a lot of money to get those shirts
tailored for her boobs you know you're
right you're right and you know if she
wants to she doesn't have that just got
like a lot of fabric just flopping
around under there she wants to show off
her figure and I think like I think
that's great I think that's great
well like your glow spine I like your
glow spin spooky tailoring it's kind of
an ugly character model what do you mean
it is kind of an ugly Cara come on I
like it Oh Oh can't do I can't do the
camera through oh well maybe I just cuz
I'm in here an objective was a tit
that's not follow the security team oh
I'm doing it I'm fuckin up already
fucking figured that out already
do you miss the days when games had
completely separate tutorials and then
once you're playing the actual story
mode you didn't have to bother with any
of that shit you know I don't games do
that anymore that that could be a good
way around it like you remembered rubber
tomb raider and there was like
completely separate from the rest of the
game you go to Laura's mansion I'm just
like a series of obstacle courses with a
bucket kind of putzing around sure and
you can learn the controls of the game
without having the first level of the
game just be ass you know or just like I
much preferred it's just like have the
controls on a screen or a piece of paper
and then you know give me an obstacle
that I can't get around until I use that
particular control if I need to look it
up I can press pause and be like oh
that's what the controls are
look for the blue Holograms
for the blue holograms wait - what I
wasn't paying attention
Oh online I found it I found it
everything's fine
yay I completed the objective change one
more thing which is not gonna like this
oh that's fine no not the y-axis how did
you convert xx I don't know saxis six
axis okay
I think people who don't understand why
somebody would ever want to invert y
yeah
they just assume that everything should
be inverted then they don't really
understand why would they well those I
made it what that to although I think I
think I don't think anybody has ever
switched X that's just a option that's
in there due to ignorance of inverted
Y's did you just grab a hologram and put
it in your pocket what was that
I'm petting my ghost dog look at this
good boy ghost dog good point I don't
hear the uproarious laughter I don't
hear it that's that's acceptable okay
there okay
press right stick okay I was just over
here I mean if I have to do something
with that load damage report yay oh I
was here before they were they were
talking and I was there before train
systems offline and around gonna be
doing out have seems persona game again
is that King King vidiots says I've
played bad games or inverted Y
automatically inverts X and you can't do
anything about it
oh that sounds awful
I used to be inverted iona once I
figured out you could switch shy I did
just for convenience thank you started
running too late I'm running oh my god
it's not a very effective monster no why
do they just leave forgot me you're
standing there right now I could've
easily have crawled in there with you
yeah Oh Jax saved by the scripted
sequence
well maybe they just went in right away
you stupid monster stupid monsters man a
bunch of stupid monsters that's fine
it's gonna be easy these monsters are so
dumb I like the look of it that was a
nice creepy monster that was not me
being sarcastic I genuinely liked the
look of that monster these things are
like I want to touch my king
yeah oh your life
stay over there
oh here we go shoot the limbs off of
enemies for extra damage
fuck yeah sounds fun oh look at this
thing and we'll probably really limited
though Jack sure if they're going for
actual horror there's very limited em oh
sure we'll see right now I only have 10
I'm sure that's the thing you're growing
a big laser to cut so you can open the
door be my guess I like that you know
use the gun prove how you prove you know
how to use the controls and then we'll
let you pass just right trigger is just
punch and right button his foot stop
yeah but he's a scientist right seems
like that's how we would polish okay
what that might have been a glitch him
jumping up in the air like that can I
come in can I come in can I come in can
I come in
you can't I cannot look at this go in
all right are we doing something wrong
was I supposed to be scared and run away
there are items in the boxes oh I can oh
I can probably punch the boxes now why
couldn't I go in the door was that a
glitchy glitch last matter to you okay
click great all right now I'm gonna try
to go in again oh wait more boxes okay
all right
come on Isaac
let's try this again
is there a roll
hold on you know what I need rich be a
running start
let's hit the door what are they saying
I'm looking it's a bug
it's a bargain do we have to start the
game over
we start from checkpoint oh nice
go to quit yeah we have no choice yeah
oh yeah well game I didn't save it again
yeah
you think that was because of vsync what
how would that have anything to do with
losing what
there was a savegame panel in the lobby
well I'll save it this time well we have
to watch all the cutscene vsync you
think that was vsync relaid no I I'm
gonna say I doubt that but somebody's
big fan of vsync apparently even though
it makes the control shit why he
controls all of that this might just be
a cursed stream that's extra spooky
there I like gore comedy I blame NSYNC
girl - you positive ticket friend occur
to you you know you won't make me cry
baby you can't skip any of these they're
saying
vsync is only bad on some games it was
bad on this game earlier well that was
just in the menu once we get into the
game and we'll see how it goes
no an issue with dead space the
workaround is to select quit and then
play rocket League yes that sounds fun
I'm gonna be honest even that sounds fun
okay that's right oh that's true we are
in the cutscene and because we're on
that side of the screen it does look
like they're talking to us remember when
I was playing transformers a good play
we could play we played we've played
Oregon Trail before but we could play it
it seems very spooky did you see the
monsters that was great I saw the
monsters do you give any fucks about the
battlefront beta
no it's a multiplayer only Star Wars
game what about this is something I
would like right and you're not that big
of a Star Wars no I mean you know
moderate I like I like the original
movies sure and a couple of the older
games that's about it for me in Star
Wars so i'm not i'm not hyped about the
universe and i'm not hyped about a
multiplayer only game though yep so and
i just don't give a shit here's the
thing specifically with the star wars
battlefront beta beta and this is
something like I touched on when we
talked about our early access before
early access in beta open betas public
betas are now marketing tools and
everyone who is part of that beta played
into EA like a bunch of violas sharing
they were sharing gifts all over the
fucking place I'm like oh my god look at
this crazy stuff that had like there was
a week solid of free publicity first
hours battlefront I think there are very
legitimate uses for early access open
beta but EA and a Star Wars game is not
a thing that needs that right no that
was 100% marketing your small developer
who needs the funds to keep working on
the game
and who can't just legitimately can't
afford beta testing they need that right
Star Wars Battlefront does not need that
agreed options visuals vsync I've turned
vsync on I know you know I'm I I liked
the old battlefront games I've mentioned
that before I will probably play the new
one when it comes out we might stream it
I don't I can't imagine we do a full
review of it but that open beta test was
nothing but free publicity for them and
I wouldn't be a part of that Oh yep
vsync is a thing that locks your
resolution into a lowered resolution and
that resolution I mean frame rate into a
lower frame rate and also makes your
control shit sometimes you get screen
tearing that's probably because you
don't have your display set up right
it's there is a the lag is not as bad as
in the menu but there is a lag and so
basically Isaac's just gonna be running
into some walls
this way she'll be fine everything
should be fine there's like a there's
like a yeah here's what I would do I
would turn off or do we get past that
door then turn off sure yeah like if I
do that the control stick comes back to
Center before he thats how bad the the
lag is
okay back to spooky
I think I think spooky October Jack in
general a bad idea you think Jesus fuck
this is boring that's the comment I'm
reading right now
Jesus fuck this is boring
it's so boring you know they had to use
the Lord's name in vain and insinuate
that that our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ was engaging in some sort of
intercourse of some manner now where can
I save it probably that thing maybe
maybe I can save it uh after I get my
gun maybe it just started give it a
little time all right
I learned at a time I'm just saying our
last stream was frickin keep talking and
nobody explodes and now we're we're just
kind of watching a man in an ugly
science-fiction costume walk around a
brown room I like his costume I don't
know yeah that's horrible look at that
that's cool I don't just got random shit
masback and that weird ass helmet oh I'm
just kind of ugly I like his little glow
spine I don't like the fake spine at all
oh and you don't like his glow helmet it
looks bad from behind well and that's
what you see 95 no no I'm sorry 99% of
the time yeah we'll just play like this
I don't I don't understand this thing
that's underneath his face on his chest
that doesn't make any sense to me that
seems like it before
I like it oh oh oh shit
the spooky thing was happening hello
coward you running before she told you
to run away I already am what I did not
hear you I started running an hour ago
too busy running away we're running from
the monsters that turned away from us
after we got in this confined space that
there's no escape from alright I'm fine
with that
I like that much that's pretty cool the
sword Handy's little bit like it looked
like another monster was pushing out of
his belly that was cool
saying the glow spine is your health bar
you know what I'd rather him I'd rather
have a heads-up display oh no no I like
I first of all I like the look of a glow
spine and to if it's a if it's a
Hellfire I like it even more a nice nice
that looks like he's crammed into this
suit that's just like a little bit too
snug on him show off my you know what if
that was what if that's part of the
stories like that lady who's in the
front like what if he's trying to like
get with her that's part of the story
he's like this will make this will make
a lady came to really take a
members-only like his gun with this
laser thing look at that that's cool
I'm saying I like to look at I like your
sound effects no I just I'm not that big
on the costume that's all that's all I'm
saying
but I'm wrong apparently my my my my
objective opinion what subject I'm
getting a bad word on him
your subjective my subjective opinion is
wrong not wrong I just disagree with you
that's fine okay no wait there's a save
station in here now I don't know someone
said there was a save station somewhere
cut off their limbs why I said do him
any good
OOP I don't see no save station you know
maybe in here I think people are
screaming for our sound is turned down
so I can't really
you know I'm a little bit disappointed
in what because you got this thing
that's called a cutter right this yep
yeah and you better got this Clearwire
yeah why didn't you have to like move
the laser across to cut the wire oh well
you know maybe I did but I just hit it
like right now twice in a row yeah all
right I guess I could see you being in
at this point oh there was a monster
that's why they were supposed to be a
monster attack um I don't think her up
his limbs or suppose he dead back off
back off
just get the fuck out of there and find
that safe station before you're dead are
you sure and then you're wasting ammo if
he is dead you're wasting ammo and
that's terrible
and you're wasting work oh yeah you can
do that I don't know if that helps but
that's cool
you know that is that's like gangsta
style so by the way I if it was vsync
that caused the alien not to be there
I think that's bullshit yeah you can
turn it off now what do you think yeah
if it's lagging yeah I would totally
turn that off well let's find a safe
station first all right all right just
to make sure I said stomp the body for
extra items I'm not getting any maybe
there's a monster oh I'm not sure I just
read a comment I'm not sure what they're
referring to
I probably shouldn't be stomping the
human body I don't think it matters it's
a body just make kind of makes me a
horrible person where where can I say it
I don't see any safe plan
I do kind of like just stopping this
bloody course I don't think there are
any extra items in it they probably just
wanted to see you stomp the corpse sure
sure
are they telling me where I can save
it's the camera icon in the previous
room can you go back probably not
you probably don't want to I'm not sure
no and I couldn't touch the camera icon
like I was all up in it but they
wouldn't let me know all right then
we're going forward I'm pushing forward
gangsta style you Gangnam style who
would it Isak motherfucker
I was greeting everyone if I could
design a game what would it be like
probably terribly because I'm not a
professional game designer yeah
these replenish my health bar I did I
did make a Mario maker level like
another one other than the one we
strange should we share that with
everyone
yeah that's pretty good I don't remember
what the I think I have the code you say
it's pretty good I think it's a second
effort I think it's fun is what it is
good huh you know it's not it's not
Shakespeare
Temari oh no no I'd say not Shakespeare
in the Park fine here you can take it
for me that's actually a good idea
here's the who's code right I played it
the other day and I am doing it Rich's
level
we not know all right I'm just
convincing laptop cuz I don't wanna have
to all tap out of your game no sir oh my
health is down oh I like that I like
that as spine glow thing I think that's
fun that's not against the health bar
being on the character I just don't like
the way it looks
oh and I hit Send too early oh my god I
got distracted looking up at going
health bars but you can if I can get to
the bridge I should be able to access
the personnel files you fixed the tram
and I'll hope you find it call objective
okay well I think I see a camera right
there this merio save station oh look
it's a giant camera okay so you take a
selfie to save you that works okay
now Jack pressed the heel button I will
I will I will I know okay Louie oh
that's so much smoother
okay what's the heel button now let's
see here
oh oh it's just one button to heels its
X to heel okay how much how do they work
health how do you you know pick up for
like little little packets okay
and you can you have to you have to
manually use them yeah I like that you
didn't save I did no I didn't you didn't
save it's coming up again this time in
all caps okay okay no look I saved just
do it again
it's fine right yes I died saved it was
there I pressed the button okay what are
these things
workers plasma XE yeah okay great small
that back great okay here we go open it
up sweet no not really
you that right there is just the door
work you you you you
there was a spooky thing here earlier
there's an Xbox container don't forget
to open that was deliberately designed
to look like the original Xbox this game
was that like an exclusive from this
game right wow I didn't see that coming
Oh as you well know aiming with the
controller is difficult yeah as I well
know yes so I was taking my time and I
was aiming proper oh this time you drop
some goop some money juice give me some
money goofy do you really want that
money badly a lot of money you're just a
poor space scientist man there need to
be some hundreds in there I can I just
can't imagine at this point you're even
concerned with money okay great save why
not
there's a savefile say same horizontal
aim take the legs out oh that's fun I
got a feeling it'll crawl around in
those bigger arms though yeah it seems
like taking out the arms is more we'll
see you don't try it try it there might
be fun okay
this is I'm going through the game
because i no speaka think I ever have it
be careful
shouldn't them in the body didn't seem
to work go for the limbs just remember
them through the job this is now the
Tiffany one by dismembering it when we
lands to do an x-ray image cut off limbs
to go quickly wait cut off limbs to kill
quickly dismembered enemies to slow them
okay money right I wonder how long is
this game I mean it's a full game so
over 20 hours 20 hours issue with the
pacing in a game like this be better if
it were just quicker like like paced
like an actual movie in a game that's
trying to be cinematic with it be better
off shorter rather than just overstaying
their welcome you're just going on too
long
I know people hate short games I usually
don't know the alien isolation effect no
I just think they need they need you
know an atmosphere that will hold you
but do monsters stop being scary once
you've been looking at them for 15 hours
yes plus an additional you know 10 more
to go
at some point isn't it just oh yeah more
of those things yes absolutely
question is are you just too slow or is
it another way around I think I said I
need to repair the door you know I of
course I wasn't paying attention
replace the damaged Fran
I don't I don't have any strong opinions
on this game so far one way or the other
anything I've said that snarky is just
be trying to be fun who's kind of
straight beyond argue I don't know
there's this thing oh oh oh that's right
once again they're teaching me I need to
use my my stasis module which slows down
time
they've taught me are there this is then
teaching me something which I like that
I don't know how to use my thing xzx
hold down trigger and press back
that's spooky look at that look at that
ghost course like The Exorcist Sam's
waiting for disturb spit dog green pea
soup
yeah oh I know I can use it on monsters
now I was confused momentarily but I
that is good that is good competent game
design saying you cannot pass this
barrier unless you you know this
specific mechanic and I appreciate that
in game design sometimes yes you guys
know I ain't the quickest to pick up on
things like that and of course half
paying attention to the stream or to the
game because of this ring
and the reason I made that length
comment is cuz just watching this I'm
thinking this would probably be really
neat if it were shorter before it got
old
cuz I'm actually not hating it so far I
don't really have one strong opinion one
way or the other I haven't even I
haven't even touched it myself jack is
the only one that's playing so do you
wanna play whenever you're tired I mean
I'm relatively enjoying this I think the
length would help well you know it's but
again it's not length its pacing mm-hmm
and the you know I think the problem
that you and I share the problem that
you and I share with horror games in
general is they're just too slow they're
trying to be Atmospheric activate
ah the core games that played I don't
know that I'd say the problem is just
that they're slow they're slow and
you're not doing much in them but alien
isolation just feels like a stealth game
watered down fewer options
cuz that's supposed to be spooky yeah
unless you can do but it just feels like
a watered-down stealth game yeah yeah
still there's a big problem
annually that's close to initiate
repairs Oh neat great see that's fun
look at oh look at that monster
I love wait am I want to look at your
belly yeah look at that monster that's
fun it's an okay monster okay it's got
arms coming out of its belly that's fun
how do you switch the orientation of the
thing right bumper okay so you know like
yeah and then when you're holding you
know left trigger to to aim and then if
you press X while holding left trigger
that's when you get super slo-mo mode
Jack what would you say is a scariest
game you've ever played the scariest
game like a game I've genuinely been
scared playing yeah thief the dark
project for me but I think everyone
knows that I don't know I don't know if
I've ever been scared playing game I
don't I I find horror to be amusing I
love like I love grotesque things and
you know bloody awful things so like
when I see monsters I'm not so as much
scared as I am like look like I'm like
I'm excited because I finally got to the
fun stuff does that I've told the story
on the stream before but there's new
people and all the time so sure the
thief the dart project thief's like one
of the pretty much the original stealth
game highly immersive though I think I
think people playing it now I might not
get that because very old and and the
the 3d graphics are the equivalent of
like stick figures but highly immersive
game and it's a stealth game so you're
very weak to begin with the enemies are
very powerful so you're there's that
natural kind of fear of running and
doing like a guy who's gonna kick your
ass
because you're just you're not a tank
and thief right and then I'm playing
this one game where you have to break
into a hammer right prison and at this
point I don't know that there are
supernatural monsters in the game I have
no idea so I'm sneaking around this mind
trying to find a way into the prison and
this is Corp something wrong and this
Corp jumps up and screams at base now I
have no idea there are monsters in the
game and it's a highly highly immersive
game so I'm like in the game and this
thing jumps out screams at me I
immediately like like in reality I
jumped out of my sleep huh and then I
started first thing I do I just started
backpedaling away from this monster and
when I back pedaled I fell down a mine
shaft I fell a few stories I broke my
legs and then I was eaten by a giant
spider at the bottom of the mine shaft
this is the most afraid I have ever been
the video game had produced a genuine
shocked horrified reaction where I
physically jumped out of my seat I have
to do here and I think I'm just doing it
wrong so I can I can press this button
which is probably gonna correct me yeah
I can only hit the tram repair when both
claws are attached but one claw doesn't
stay attached for very long so I try to
use my slow down time thing what's
supposed to happen
I have a slow down time thing yeah
what's is that SPO from the slow down
time is why the monsters moving slow is
there a moan oh how many uses do you get
on the slowdown time I just have to
recharge yeah that's what stays that's
what that is like that stays history
okay maybe I'm just maybe I need to slow
down time first and then press the
button
what's the problem what do you have to
do so both of those arms need to be
attached to that yeah and I need to
press this module yeah
but the you know to get this arm to go I
need to press this button over here and
the arm does not stay attached for very
long you sure you pressed it right at
first for a little bit why aren't you
making your way up to hit the button huh
why aren't you immediately running to
hit that button after you hit the button
down before I do time I get up here
right shoot hit the claw shoot the claw
shoot the claw
Oh hit the hit the arm with the stasis
not the button hit the arm with the
stays yeah oh I shoot the stasis oh I
just thought the stasis was like that oh
no no I'm parently not oh well then
there you go
yeah stasis is a thing you shoot stasis
is the thing you shoot okay okay great
teaching through gameplay Thank You Jan
you did it the tram is walking the whole
system when they get the computer online
you'll be able to call the tram from the
control room faster the better
I can't have something crawling around
up there
mr. character said anything
how do you feel about the seven
antagonist yeah I'm okay with that only
because it means I get to I get annoyed
with the silent protagonist when other
characters act like you're talking to
them if you're gonna if you're gonna do
silent protagonist dude go go whole hog
yeah
when other people like are having a
conversation with you that just pulls me
out it has the opposite effect of what
the silent protagonist is supposed to
accomplish yes I can agree with you with
that but no I like it you know I like I
like my own stories when I'm gaming
bodies did you reject Mass Effect styles
need when you get to pick what you say
and there's a wide variety of choices
you've never even played medicine no I
hate dialog traded acquired I hate it
because usually in that dialogue tree is
just something I don't care about it
would never say or I dislike dialogue
trees do much do you want to return to
the Haunted Cathedral the return to the
Honda Cathedral had me pissing my
goddamn pants that's another key thing
not sure
no no all right I was I was cowering
under some stairs when the the ghost who
was a brother Morris I forgot his name
started talking to me telling me what I
needed to do next but at that time I was
cowering under the stairs in the Haunted
Cathedral Oh God Oh God toilets turrets
I think I think before you can pull off
an effective horror experience in a game
you need to first pull off an effective
immersive experience elaborate like I
always felt like I was in a game in
Elliot isolation because I was always
looking for the next linear button that
I had to press them you couldn't deviate
from that path at all you don't go on in
the story very ad to be yeah yeah and
and and literally one path to be I need
to feel like I'm in that world before I
can feel afraid of something in that
world it's like we're playing soma the
whole I wasn't I wasn't worried about
what was around the next corner because
I was what's the next thing I have to
press and it was half depressed
half the rest yeah what is literally the
one thing I couldn't what is the only
thing I can do next that will progress
me yes
look
sorry dude oh oh no he look he went
through the wall oh all this talk of
ghostbusters the game I need the play of
next week
ghostbusters the game this is the only
sequel that ghostbusters need needed egg
we can't wait we could stream it but we
shouldn't because it's very dialogue
heavy and with those characters and
those actors returning to do that
dialogue that's all you want to hear you
don't wanna hear us blather on oh my god
you know how many uses do you get out of
the stasis rez out I have no idea these
are all important things these are
important things but you know so far the
stasis chambers have been pretty
plentiful because you're kind of in
tutorial exactly exactly so I haven't
really worried about I do worry about
these guys popping back up which is why
I'm stomping them like I don't want them
to pop up behind me

[Part III]
also yeah sideways seems to be oh oh
stasis sideways seems to be the way to
be this is run left the bumper is run
okay let's rock and roll so okay that's
my bit okay don't forget to uninvite so
what what what do I need to know here
control wise so left trigger aims Yeah
right trigger shoots my assumption how
do you use that funky time thing X well
you have to aim and then X okay and then
when you're not aiming bumper right
bumper and right trigger our punch and
kick and that can apparent you know that
kind of like pushes enemies back so not
aiming that's punch kekada yeah how do
you run he'll hate isolation is great
but whatever your trip is man running is
holding down the left bumper oh my god
what did I just press one of the select
button why why does this why does that
it was just too linear man alien
isolation it was it that was the thing
it wasn't scary it wasn't scary and and
it wasn't good gameplay if it's not good
gameplay and it's not scary doesn't
accomplish anything it need to do right
how do you Roger left bumper life to
bumper okay you know it's it's that's
just it just what's it scary this is the
right way this is where you came from
that might have been where I came from
yeah that's right careful
look right yeah that was where I came
from that so I'm going this way yeah oh
oh no sorry it all looks the same that
funky doors where I came from okay so
you were going to right way what is this
that's my fault
did you do that man you did that I think
what yeah you have to realize you are
desensitized I mean no I'm really and
you know what and and we touched on this
during our alien isolation review and I
think here is cart right now this game I
could see myself getting into I'm liking
this world idea I know rich doesn't like
it but well I I just picked up the
controller you know the character design
yes yeah you you're not super happy with
the character designer and it's a very
minor complaint of dissolving right now
this is a game I could see myself
getting into and I like the monsters I
could see I could see being like in a
creepy mood while I'm playing this alien
isolation is part of the Alien franchise
and so as soon as we were on that ship
that looks just like the Nostromo rich
you put it so perfectly
we were filled with nostalgia yeah right
yeah oh it's a Nostromo oh oh look
that's the alien I love the alien and
you can't feel scared when you're
feeling nostalgia I was happy to be on
the Nostromo I was happy to to be in
that universe defined I need to find a
thing yeah
mother's event what's gonna pop out of
the vent nothing popped out of that bed
no people are saying this game is good
Dead Space 2 is damn near perfect I'm
liking this so far I'll tell you what
the Dead Space 3 was there a 3 oh it
wasn't that the one that was terrible I
um
tell us about Chet I have no idea I
remember her I heard that dead space 3
like oh you know this place wanted to
our atmospheric horror theme and then
Dead Space 3 is like a team shoot him up
and you know like it's it's Gears of War
schlock yeah yeah oh that's right you
and you you hold down are you you know
r3 and it will have a magic line to tell
you where to go if you ever want to know
where you go that's petting the
invisible dog okay you pet your you pet
your ghost dog and it tells you where to
go
I tell ya it turns into a couch dance
base so we're really missing something
yeah oh yeah
yeah you don't fuck up
or maybe that's what happens when I take
over from you and I'm not entirely
hey I'm like talking to that's enough
that's fine I get it
I love ghost dog Ghost Dog is my
favorite part of the game so far all
right know what go up yeah
Isak it's Kendra
it looks like the door to the storage
room is locked there should be a key
somewhere in the maintenance Bay
well you already let my guard down no no
I wouldn't I just I like it yeah you put
your gun down for once out rate
something spooky
I can't I love that my suit how about
reloading while you are
you're aiming press
did I get both set magic we're not
giving this any flack so far but I'm
Sparky in general about most things
that's just me
you kind of default this now yeah yeah
absolutely
oh you know what I haven't seen primer
no so yeah well I mean we're snarky
individuals but you know we're still
playing it I like the gun I have never
seen mostly I need to get in here
obviously there's a glowing thing
Dec this is one weakness
can I stomp him to death
probably but he's got pretty long arms
no I love physics sometimes game physics
just gets it that little bit off that
makes it great
they're blaming they're blaming vsync on
the on the physics that's so on yeah
right or no no it's off now
oh really yeah it's up I'm gonna make
sure yeah
but they're saying because we care do
you think why do you what do you people
like vsync so much answer me this chat
why do you like vsync so much hmm oh
that's rich you haven't mega punch
Danny's though that's true rich just
started playing the master so he's
figuring it out yeah I played for a
little bit all right so Burke aye I do
like I like the gun I like the look of
the gun I do wish like rich said it
actually cut stuff like you had to like
sliced oh yeah that would be
significantly cooler but it's still a
nice gun I think it's neat looking done
this the only gun you get I'm just
curious I think so
oh no nevermind I was wrong I'm
incorrect rich happens happens the best
of us yeah you want Jack to sing and
dance like in sync again what that was a
spur-of-the-moment thing you can't we
can't create that kind of magic again
I'm sorry
I was saying but vsync and physics so
it'sit's something specific with this
game oh yeah I know you weren't dead so
so that's why they're there mention
again so much is specifically with dead
space I would I would rather not have
the controls like oh yeah buy it by a
wide margin
no and the in the control lag was
noticeable so you are making the correct
decision
I guess the jump-scares kind of failed
when you see them coming a mile away
someone behind me now they failed on
that one stop the spasm right out of
them
what is this something I need they said
there there are more weapons and some of
them are almost and nearly as good as
the plasma cutter so I'm good yeah
anybody you know what kind of booth a go
you need that yeah I like that
I like the idea of like this is your one
gun this is how you deal with I kind of
like the game honestly how did you pick
that out
they're saying so instead of flipping
around vsync would make them like
sizzling bacon and Mike troll would be
lagging a minute behind me you know this
is this is how we're gonna play it
because the control is noticeable or the
the control Lang is noticeable what was
that there's this booby bird was it yeah
the thing I shot in horror game when a
door opens you wouldn't expect a monster
to be behind the door Oh
yeah and see if you can find your way
into that room with the glowy thing I
think that's key I have oh you're
totally right this door what the monster
riding the other side you think they
just did that so maybe not maybe it's
gonna fall when I walk in no well I pick
it up
alright I'm I'm I'm batting zero you
even honestly yeah batting zero how you
just now you just wild stabbing what is
a nano circuit repair
oh you can upgrade or you can't upgrade
nope
sure why not wait wait
I think that's a capacity maybe add the
deep end ah
image or capacity is what you can
upgrade right now they would use me okay
yeah praise your capacity that's smart
okay a little upgrade system that's nice
what are these things why are some of
these
oh let's lock it right
Tiberius Kirk we're we've not we're not
bitching about the physics we're
laughing at them
I haven't even really laugh at them too
much alright well you know when the
things spin around yeah because it's
funny I'm not I'm not turning on fucking
vsync right and we understand by the way
rich and I understand completely that
that is not supposed to be part of the
game
this moment which realizes it's been a
while sequence
I'll be fine I think you waste it one
look you got back up
I don't know if that was purposeful or
not looking music cut out exactly when
you stop them cutting out anyway but I
kind of fucking love that alright health
was X oh they're saying go back to that
room with the bench yeah
OOP
he's showing you his new teammates
you didn't you didn't loot the room
right this shit yeah apparently that's
what they're saying these are all those
are locked locked there's a glowy thing
over there oh okay oh oh that's a power
node you can upgrade your shit with that
yes I think the thing I picked up was in
there
oh and that says you can punch open
small square boxes on the wall so what's
what's the smart upgrade path in this
game
well like you your rig gives you more
you need air I'm all of each thing at
some point but let's just there for you
to waste sure
oh okay that's nice
it makes people slower for longer oh
wait no adjacent so you have to start
you know you need to upgrades before you
can get even one that's fun that's fun
yeah oh yeah everyone is just saying how
yeah has a bit of problem so far but I'm
sure it will be eventually oh wait turn
around those things can you know the
pattern seems to be glowing interactable
Touche Touche Oh what about that glow
thing there they said we can punch
something on the wall the green thing or
the green arrow thing what wall in here
way well the champ want me to come in
here I'm assuming the thing like a punch
isn't here oh they want to do that to do
the note okay
what about that thing can you punch that
no no I mentioned something about a
square thing what are the same I said
you should level up your Charmander I
thought I thought I destroyed Pokemon
already didn't I did I not destroy
Pokemon enough no do I need to destroy
Pokemon more you need this we're never
gonna stop rich I'm never gonna stop
loving Pokemon you Pokemon all you want
shit you love pokemon all you watch at
you know what I'm really just don't cry
because I destroyed your precious
children's game
I finally broke down lulled into a false
sense of security
yeah I just I need him in hang back
anymore I was waiting for something
around the corner yeah to be fair stop
stop stop stop that monster I finally
broke down and got a 3ds which I'm very
excited about speaking of Pokemon mm-hmm
and I got the one with the capture
device so we can stream and do episodes
for handhelds which I'm very excited
about should be coming soon
yay I'm excited if anything is just
something for me to do on first solo
extreme what is to be excited about on
the 3ds
other than Pokemon I'm just curious I
don't know much about the 3ds it's not a
snarky comment that's a that's a
legitimate I'm curious yeah yeah you
don't much care for mobile gaming so
yeah that is the kind of that makes
perfect sense there's a lot of stuff
there's Luigi's Cup which is supposed to
be pretty fun
there is Smash Brothers there's a bunch
of stuff I actually don't even know all
the stuff that's on there I just know I
want one binding of issac of course this
103d is so I might have to buy that
again didn't they do a flute of time
update of time yeah oh yeah a flute of
time update oh and that's right and the
new there's a apparently a really
fantastic new Zelda game the one where
you can turn supposed to be very good
being superficial but I thought that one
looked ugly yeah that's superficial you
know doesn't mean anything I thought
that's right yeah I know dino-snore oh
I'm sorry I forgot about the
ten dogs that flew of time flute of time
because which has problems pronouncing
marina I'm calling it a car enough as
long as the games been right right Thank
You Chad to meet you there
thank you you're talking to captain no
death row I'm like I like Zelda it's
just I've always saw that as a card out
of time it's not like anybody in the
game ever vocally says Karina Karina
yeah and you know what for all I know it
is o karana
or you know however you pronounce
everyone else seems to do Oh Karen are
so Karina Karina whatever the fuck it is
you think about the Macarena how about
come on how about I don't give you
Sharon us
oh yes A&M; I had a nice sec nice to see
you
this is where yet
ah migrant effect I'd be interested in
playing a 3ds kind of update of of
ocarina of time did it yeah we can do
that now we have any I was trying to do
it wrong
oh really and it came out right nice I
do love the camera
I'm a horrible narcissist epilepsy what
I miss flashing laughs that's really
annoying I do I that's something I
usually dislike in there in the hair is
down in the spooky genre what strobes
yeah strobe lights in general yeah they
bother me
captain's uh says after seeing Jack
dance I think this whole new camera
thing is a bad idea
use them use what is what Casper I
needed them you ran away friend smart
call guess he's oh yeah I was a little
bit too soon
but I knew what they were cooking I knew
what they were cooking I called it my
mother fucking called it stomp on him
again for tricking you get out you were
too fast oh they got you again just beat
his ass and now we're gonna beat his ass
that was great that was awesome cuz yeah
of course you knew you just didn't know
when it's all so spooky
somebody's gonna crawl onto that thing I
rich has been using inside I think
sideways works even for our my so you
know I don't know if you deluded
straight up-and-down but I've had a lot
of luck cutting their legs off now that
seems to work fine why somebody in the
chat saying use it the other one well
they're just saying have you been using
the alternative fire plasma cutter rotor
what I can only assume that means have
you been amazing the alternate but yeah
this doesn't matter you don't need it
that's fine that's ahem oh I think I
think though okay
if they had dicks we would be cutting
them off I would make rich cut them off
I go see if there's any water I'm gonna
be you do that you do that I'm gonna go
see if there's any way waiter waiter
I have not played any of the dead space
games this is a complete first for me
which I might not have done fast enough
- jack is a meat popsicle it's true here
very strong feelings towards the fifth
no I really enjoyed the fifth album look
yeah I don't think the captain actually
doesn't lets me do this
and megaphone chaos 14:28 says by the
way thank you guys for showing me the
Mad Max game I've sunk 120 hours into it
now and I love it yeah it's a good game
it's nothing revolutionary but it's neat
Hendra computer
it's no good doing anything for Back to
the Future day I'll tell you what I'm
doing
downloading rocket League DLC that gives
you a DeLorean here's here's the
definitely doing we we have talked about
it me and Jack yes there's not there's
kind of slim pickings when it comes to
back to the future
yeah there's two crappiness games which
wouldn't be very fun distri and then
there's I think there's like a Super
Nintendo game there might be I'm not
sure but there's a telltale game
dialogue heavy linear I don't know that
would be a fun stream especially when
it's all dialogue I mean we talk yes so
we don't know what to do other than
maybe just have a conversation about
back to the future what would what would
you like to see on Back to the Future
day Back to the Future is fantastic
everyone yeah is there a game I don't
know about other than the crappy Ness
once something would be fun yeah I know
there might be like a Grand Theft Auto
like DeLorean mod another I think
there's a GTA 3 actual Time Machine mod
what about just a different time travel
I don't know
they say Chrono Trigger fuck you and
they're saying just play the crappy Ness
ones for like five minutes then what
right oh there was also a crappy Genesis
Back to the Future game hmm ooh where in
time is Carmen Sandiego we could totally
wait alright sit on the left to the
right the creepy thing yeah well I think
I've been in the bathroom and there was
nothing in there so I'm gonna say the
right oh that's where the blood is this
is a new bathroom
hey let's drum strobe BioShock Infinite
is kind of a time-travel game kind of ya
know what I mean
I don't basically what we really need to
do is pick the most mindless game we
have and just talk about and just talk
about back to teacher right yep yeah
we'll see if we can convince some more
people to come to the stream and we will
just have a conversation about back to a
teacher or we could play day of the
tentacle that's true Christopher Lloyd
done the voice work for any games that
weren't back to the future related I'm
guessing no probably not
oh there we go turtles in time we can do
turtles and all night okay doesn't feel
like the best way to celebrate back to
the future with a time-traveling man
all right another beloved eighties
property have they made our Rick and
Morty game I know the old swim has on
their website this is Rick and Morty
like point-and-click adventure we could
do that I need to watch Rick and Morty
for is that I've only seen the pilot I
mean we could do that sure oh you got
lots of credits what are we doing what
are we doing there's a line gun you know
what just up your suit inventory slots
an armor yeah get a better seat
maybe this one won't look like crap I'm
a jerk you don't like that it's okay for
the front
I said crap in the back that just looks
random and stupid no I like it the
little spiny the the robos find me I
like the look of it I know I know
Rick and Morty is on my I should watch
this list yeah why the fuck not I don't
give a shit I ain't get no fucks wait oh
oh oh you already bought it I think how
do you switch weapons no that's a bulky
looking assault rifle well is this all
rifle your weapon has no ammo and it's
clip okay okay so why not head out okay
why does this game feature my going out
clubbing clothes if you're wearing this
out clubbing you might want to rethink
your clubbing lifestyle okay
oh my god what am i doing I don't know
you have a magic thing that tells you
where to go
that your pet your ghost dog I'm so used
to the press the a button thing popping
up on the screen yeah I like this though
I just not used to it now it almost
confuses you yeah
that I have to interact with it myself
and it's not a thing telling me what to
do isn't that nice yeah that's
refreshing that's not very nice you just
have to remember that I can interact
with this like it's taking an awfully
long time for that stupid button frog to
come up see let's do the stupid button
problems I'm gonna go out on a limb here
and say there's something wrong there
Vesey I can't believe there's not a
patch for that all right
is that your lady
Oh Oh left trigger and what just
happened to me okay she just she just
she just convulsed and died yeah you can
now you can now use the Force yeah what
do you want me to use in honor oh that
was it okay can I like fling it away
I'm just something float away I don't
know well added items to the store but
it's too late
matter may be flinging is like an
upgrade
that's right I see this game supports
hokey-pokey mo he understand that and
will find Nicole looks like the crew
barricade the door to the emergency ring
we have to blow flurry to get to the
morgue
get some thermite from medical storage
and a truck pad from zero-g third
lieutenant should be down the cargo but
feel better feel bad and hold on when
you just run into other people's houses
and you start breaking their bases and
stealing from their treasure chest it's
like excuse me I'm the hero of
motherfucking time and I'm trying to
save the land from the evil Lord who
wants to kill you see you can be an evil
lord
Rob's everyone's houses give me a little
bit of luck what are they doing with it
they're putting in pots it's just hiding
in grass all right that's what a
secondary fire doing this fucker
oh also they're saying that if you press
the shoot button while picking up an
object it throws it okay
maybe a refill your Canisius thing also
like how shitty like how inflated wait
wait no you have to use your own a
slowdown yeah
how fucked up is Hyrule's
economy where like you can just find
rupees in the grass oh hi is there
inflation rate well most people don't
because it's dangerous she could killed
by fuckin doctor rocks if you go outside
the village oh I suppose I suppose
that's right
only this likes for you
yeah hit him with your gap gangster oh
he's close
Oh
oh my god dude somehow kicked off his
head
Oh No
I knew that thing come in handy now it's
kind of awesome
oh just ran out of bullets ooh last one
died that's great that's great yeah I
could use some more variety in the
monsters well we're still pretty early
on I can only imagine we just got the
new weapon which is awesome going back
to the old weapon yep
all right well are you talking about
let's lock wait no that way that way
that way that thing shuttle Walker yeah
yes it is
yeah they're saying they're saying we
get more monsters possibly soonish or
they might just be saying that to get
into this I know I know what to do what
are you gonna do
Oh salt rifle their fucking ass yeah
do it do it
like he was just laying on your ammo
that's my ammo now my fucking ammo
there is just a year Oh almost gotcha
almost got you I got him he didn't touch
me you didn't even come close to
touching I know your gimmicks I know
your tricks
Trixie game
something behind me something behind me
this games alright those games alright
you know isn't it just isn't it just
I would like more monster variety jerk
oh sure he's bought where I'm gonna say
low relatively
there's a lot I like about this game
I'll tell you what I'm thoroughly
enjoying the lack of button prompts that
really helps that really helps keep me
in the world
and you know it's kind of a generic okay
have somehow I was like oh I think I see
a blood boom kind of a you know a
generic sci-fi world but I'm okay I'm
fine with generic sci-fi exactly I think
that's precisely the point doctor God's
work oh we have to assume that the
colony's problems are somehow connected
to the market you can assume all you
want to I do know the marker is glorious
and divine you know writing the bullet
says can you combine a postage and
Harlem merchandise that's a Jesse maker
J question yes but you need to make sure
that they contact at ask them that
question and you know make sure that
that is well noted on your purchase
order what worries me red letter media
comm with new t-shirts pint glasses fuck
shelf shot glasses stickers posters you
can even get posters signed by fucking
red shells red red letter media don't
forget to check out the band camp for
their the newest movie commentary tracks
right how goes booze what else have you
guys that's Halloween coming up we might
when I do scary movies DVD feeding
frenzies out space check I'm getting a
headache you know I'm getting a headache
I was trying to I slowly deteriorated
come on shoo hey check out now we got
DVDs movies posters chatter down there
Jack hit movies and you love oh you all
know something creepy fuck this game
yeah came out exactly the game was dead
the whole time
look at that thing that's like a baby
monster babies are horrifying
you should murder all those babies see
how those babies yeah yeah I know murder
them well first we have to check around
the corner because that's the corner
that's fair that's fair
how could you how do you not know that
was around the corner well and as
predicted
oh you can't murder babies oh oh wait
that one moved hey move it I didn't hit
him did he turn into goop I didn't see
him turn into goo did you see him turn -
go
I'm sorry that we cannot little babies
well I just don't I really am sorry
don't want some babies to come back
later as baby monsters well that's the
whole point
see like that one this is by the way
this is how the game gets harder you
have to cut off baby like easy easy
these big give me some more baby legs I
eat baby legs I'm hungry oh my god
stickers are out of stock right now I'm
sorry I'm sorry to mislead you my
chilling check shilling
my jack shilling your name
that was like your boot was starting to
fall off yeah I had this guy digs claw
my back in there whatever my boots not
stopping I wonder why my boots not
stopping and that needs to be corrected
yeah lady one that's a lady zombie yeah
when do we get prereq emerge as soon as
as soon as we're popular as soon as we
feel certain that anyone might actually
five well look into prereq merchandise
but yeah yes we will look into it I
think that was the appropriate reaction
yes probably
so that's a never I'll mark that down as
never right you know it would be nice
but nobody would Brian well we'll look
into we get we get like a what a quarter
of less than a quarter of the views of
every other thing we do pretty much well
you know oh that's nice and creepy look
at that no I can't okay this is
Scripture oh okay okay yeah we gotta
make sure he doesn't come back
yep mystery this is a cost-effective way
of doing that absolutely but you know
what we'll look into and this is serious
is we'll look into how small a loan of
like shirts or where is that spooky
thing some are there I think okay how
small a run we can do or something cuz I
don't know just test the waters to see
if we can if we can avoid some
merchandise okay
that's pretty awesome
it's like a walrus once
I mean the hip that one
I get up
I agree collecting data well you know
that would like we'll do a very small
run of shirts and then we won't do that
run again you know like I am up oh yeah
like 50 shirts you know and it's a
design that just we will not repeat
again and if those sell we'll make a new
design of prereq shirts and and do that
limited editions that kind of shit may
be great
I'll only buy pint glasses
we'll talk to our pint glass guy you got
a guy can't see people but he can stop
the shit out of them I can't want to
turn into a monster jack I know I agree
I'm with her I got a feeling I'm
supposed to be using the assault rifle
error I keep getting assault rifle ammo
I think you're only getting out cuz
that's what you have like there was
other second
there's other secondary see that's seem
so ineffective you know mo eyes back
do you salt rifle yeah yeah oh yeah yeah
your your cutter your cutter is
significant yeah yeah maybe if I'm just
surrounded it would make sense maybe
maybe long have we been playing Jack
this game someone on the chance been
asking angel in general in this game I
want to say we started right around
eight it we've been playing for we've
we've been streaming for a little over
three hours
and we've probably only been playing
this game for half the time an hour
yes
I afraid no ghosts look good did you
this is the strangest Ghostbusters game
I've ever played I don't remember any of
this I think I think what we really need
is a good crocodile brain lion brain
t-shirt that's what I want
maybe maybe back when that was fresher
maybe like a year ago I still like it
you know I guess we don't really use
that much anymore I just like that I
liked that image of your face with the
lion and the crocodile brain cool I
thought it looked cool
oh look at that
oh that's fucking meat all right it's
quiet no there's a doorway you can go
around there's that door over there
that's so cool
all right where is their way around
there's there's a door like right before
the rumble you could have left and there
was like a doorway
also rich make a punch shirt I do have
oh oh I do have a design in mind for a
casual horse shirt I have a design in
mind for a casual horse shirt so maybe
we'll do a casual horse okay
look at that yeah
look at that that's awesome in a space
that space and did you notice when you
shot in space there was no name I'm not
hating it don't always take my snark as
hate snark is just a thing that happens
I know you deactivated gravity
left trigger + and why what now if you
like can you move and press why I have
to shoot I don't know I was there well
let me go that way wouldn't let me go
the other way
Oh weird all right so what's the
possible we have these energy canisters
we've got a Sarlacc pit is what it is
what do you want me to say
oh oh I get it
did you see the the read like point your
gun and stuff and eventually like for
some of the times you'll see like red
lines on it that means no you can't jump
I don't see any red lines like press the
Y button yeah because you can jump there
I haven't seen red lines at all no I saw
them like pointed something you don't
think you can jump in oh though they're
on your gun it's confusing because the
other red lines for out of ammo is your
laser ease better question what are we
talking there's that you put this shit
in the shit
use your force lightning
well whoa man
you put the shit in the shitter right
that's exactly how you do this Buzzle we
know what's up floating dead guys in
space I love that I love floating dead
guys in space this is one on the other
side
Definitely Maybe possibly maybe no I
mean or was that it was that the whole
puzzle
I mean doors open well that's that's the
door oh I didn't thought that was just
part of some kind of greater power
station gravity are we excited for alien
paradise lost' what does that what does
alien paradise lost if it's a secret if
it's a sequel to alien isolation then no
you know what I did see event horizon
have you ever seen event horizon yeah
it's the best duel movie ever made
let's do movie yeah it's more doom than
the new movie yeah because it actually
has demons in Hell yep I remember the
first time I saw I really enjoyed it
is the general consensus
for some time it sounds like there is
music happening so
good
you
fuck you did not even worth a laser
bullet no totally not i guess it's
already open all right miss banai oh
sorry I was um I was doing the thing
where I was reading chat okay what I
have to say about Paradise Lost they
haven't said anything
Oh alien Paradise Lost is the sequel to
Prometheus oh they're actually calling
it alien
yeah parently that's interesting it is
interesting you know I'd like there was
a lot of Prometheus hate when it came
out and it's it's not a good movie but
like I don't think I don't think it's
this like monstrosity you know I thought
it would I thought it was decent and
then it really fell apart in the third
half get back here rich you're the real
monster it was trying to repay hey I'm
not done stomping yeah get back here
show you fear yeah I know it's great
it's good to be the monster
but you know it's obviously no alien or
aliens Prometheus and it just it just
took it just shit the bed I still
haven't seen it just don't care yeah
that's fine you don't need to you
absolutely don't need to see it it has
one super amazing scene in it
anyone who seems to be this that knows
the birthing scene fantastic just
fantastic
yeah yeah
get him run over to it right away just
try try run away I will find you where
you sleep oh that hand is just doing
cartwheels
that's protection for alien or aliens
III think we've had this discussion
before I prefer alien
I'm totally aliens and that makes
perfect sense I I like the the the
horror of alien aliens I enjoy it
speaking of your fabulosity it is ah
damn it
oh did they kill you yeah fuck oh well
you see right here
that's what you're selling rifles for by
the way look at those guys oh they look
cool they look you know fucking death
that pisses me off
oh I suppose we're doing a pretty decent
what have you didn't buy the assault
rifle how are you supposed to get by
them yes maybe your laser it's got their
multiple levels is there uh kinetic
thing work on them maybe efficiently

[Part IV]
oh you can stomp on them to a bear oh
and later you get a flamethrower that's
Oh hold on hold on I gotta unpack my
Mexican jumping beans they know they're
the corpses they just ate too many
Mexican jumping beans that's why they
died I know that's a glitch because of
the whole vsync finger whatever but that
doesn't mean that that's not funny and I
will not accept like half second behind
lagging fucking controls trolls are more
important than a graphical glitch I'm
just pissed my no deathrun guy got
stopped by his price thing I didn't know
about we need more help
we don't have the resources to deal with
this you know what I haven't seen the
Martian yet and I'm debating reading the
book our same movie booting the walkers
in any way I've heard good things about
the boy first pretty faithful
yeah no that was Nicole right I can't
tell from here when that log was made
I'm sure she's fine
hey hmm which is a baby yeah baby I'm
gonna throw you get back here GIMP
where are you going
Oh being a sassy baby
oh you don't like having your arm ripped
off strip off another one space jackass
sometimes I feel sad I stopped a baby
till he's dead wait who oxygen recharge
areas gonna be without air later
how can you tell it's so weird is it
because there's a thing to reject your
oxygen but it doesn't need to be
recharged yep what
yeah I know where's the key oh there's
the key
oh my god Deena's pomona on that day
humanity learned who the real monster it
was damn straight he kills all the
babies damn straight we haven't had a
baby born last 15 years we keep trying
to hide them from rich I keep finding
them and chasing them cutting our arms
off baby baby baby this oh baby mama
baby mama got no leg you like what I did
your mama
get out of town
Oh bye mama oh no oh you got you got
cocky
yeah cocky that baby's mom I'm gonna
fucking body slamming that baby yeah all
babies
did you just punted a baby that's
awesome monsters monsters yeah I know
I'm right here
oh we need more baby bunting
like 30% more baby bunting Heineken
Skywalker I'm I'm sure even with the
camera Jay will still show four streams
he shows up whenever he feels like it we
you know that's how it works it's not
comfortable he can always sit off camera
exactly but yes I'm sure he will still
show up to the occasional stream and if
he really doesn't want to do it with a
camera we'll shut the camera off I would
assume that with or without the camera
Mike still won't show up because he just
doesn't show up that's nice and creepy
I like that cut her own fucking neck
with a bone saw fuck yeah that's my face
yeah you wanted to jump on and then
throw down in front it's already done
Mike Mike has been here for exactly two
streams that was pretty early video
games just artist thing and kind of
chatting aimlessly is kind of not
probably not going to happen he is
invited to every stream as is rich rich
shows up more often unfortunately
oh it's a my Knock oh look at that
how would I stop that
oh there we go
stop the my narc
/ if you are like I need low but no
house
any day
those tents yeah yeah
you're still on like no health well just
part of the business stopping Minox
doing the captain's records right now
head to the translation and I'll contact
you there I thought rich was gonna die
and I didn't want him to die so I know
it doesn't matter he's already died once
well I you know everything that happens
after that it's just an imaginary story
sure I gotta get in there right I don't
know what you gotta do this glowing
things everywhere like a like a moss
yeah that's the game go towards the
glowy thing
backstory yeah
right
what what just chat chatting
no rich hasn't it saved lately it's our
safe station yeah well I restarted
shortly after getting eaten by those
little things I don't think I don't know
if dying necessarily takes you like you
know all the way back to me
are you gonna you're gonna get to me
before I cut your fucking arm off it's
more food to shoot it was more shit to
shoot where are you sitting fucking
babies on say any fucking torso monsters
throw me a fucking my Knock riches
itching tick which is itching for some
baby kicking punting Jack we call it
baby punting kick implies that the baby
doesn't go flying I kicked that baby
you'd be damn sure goes to the goalpost
all the things we're doing here is
bullshit just make it through this and
you're gonna be fine it's like okay she
was great after high school you know I
never went back to high school ever and
I had heard through like the grapevine
that she had died and I felt really sad
like no she she was if he was important
to me she she literally taught me that
high school was not important and that
was a big lesson for me as a tribute for
everyone obviously you should graduate
high school but you know I think there's
a lot of pressure put on high school
then that doesn't need to be there and
she was a good lady she taught me a lot
of things and I heard she passed away I
felt really sad about that and then like
a year and a half later I saw her and as
it turns out it was just a rumor that
she died and she had not died oh that's
good but I had like I'd mourned her I
was like oh you're a ghost or maybe she
was a girl fine no that was glad that
she didn't die maybe it was her twin
sister just trying to make you feel
better
I actually didn't you know what I didn't
say I did not like I didn't talk to her
when I saw her she's used to students
singer and she's sick she's sick of
having the conversation just having fun
with it at this point right did she make
you stand up on her desk no she ran the
school newspaper and she taught me a lot
about you know life lessons she taught
me a lot about editing and how important
it is to you know write your idea and
then you can write something once and it
can suck and then you can change things
and you can edit you can move things
around she's a good lady and she might
be dead now it's been how old was she
she's older yeah so it's quite possible
she's dead now
well she lived to a somewhat ripe or old
age than you thought exactly that really
it's all you can ask for yeah oh there's
a mom so I haven't stopped on yet
suits oh that's not even creepy I'll say
that monster we're supposed to squawk in
here now but I'm looking up at those
that was the plan oh what's that oh oh
my god when you're scared about the
suits oh they were just suits
monster yeah I'm totally the monster no
I think we're I think we're getting uh
we're getting a nice where you were
getting to that more of months of
variety I think like there's the basic
yeah you know there there's your foot
soldier monster which is the vagina arms
Scissorhands that's your basic and now
we're gonna start to see some more
variety which is nice
all right
our three notes
this way here
vaginas yeah those month like there's
those monsters that have like the giant
like vaginas coming out of their stomach
and then two little arms coming out of
the I'm just gonna say mm-hmm yeah oh
thanks that beer is great yeah I like
those reason to vape ads those were fun
to do you know I've never actually seen
them yeah yeah my idea will never come
to be no your I didn't know and it was a
great idea
did we were talked about that I don't
think so but if you would like to again
I'm too busy for shooting monsters yeah
I don't know how many people on the chat
know the deal in the first place with
the vape ads oh yeah those it was some
commissioned work that I did for Johnson
Creek which is a vapor cigarettes
that's health right yeah I
it says I'm full but I can't heal oh
your inventory is full in general so
you're carrying too much shit database
oh I put her on one day all right I
figured it would max me out with ammo I
didn't know it was an inventory thing
where I wouldn't have room oh okay yeah
shit yeah you gotta get rid of some of
those plans mom you know not only easy
enough to do
but the next monster yeah yeah oh not
well they're not easy advertisements
they're like and so I did some
commercials for them and they were
looking for you know I did some standard
commercials that's the stuff that
Tiberius Kirk is sharing and I think
those came out those came out fine they
were cute fun to do but then they were
looking for some more or like viral
content and I didn't really have much to
go on and so it's not going with rich
about it one day and rich came up with a
really fun idea which was the Marlboro
Man style it was gonna be like 1970s see
the old version of the vape which is
gonna be like Marlboro Man and he's on a
horse and the horse is carting like this
giant like steam work contraption that's
like those old rail cars right right
the marvel man he gets off the horse and
he walks over to the contraption and he
he starts like pulling this chord starts
going and then smoke actually starts
coming out of the engine
and then he picks up this little tube
that's on the machine like that was a
nice it from that and then they and then
the line was gonna be East cigarettes
have come a long way
that's 1975 yeah and then I do the same
with like those Virginia slim ads like
take the famous cigarette advertisements
of past but then like make an
e-cigarette that would be from that era
make it just big and ridiculous and I
thought that was a really fun night yeah
and I talked to him about it and you
know just for a budgetary and time
reason
never came through but I still think
it's a fine idea does this thing that
Kirk
oh there's oh there's a thing here it's
button you've come that's right you've
come a long way baby
though but they were 80s until you make
it look like a big cassette player yeah
like a boombox I'd be built into a
boombox the new the new Virginia Babe
Ruth of boombox the Bulls ape the boom
babe yeah
so yeah you know have I ever done any
voice work no only only in videos that
I've made Oh looking at the chat I'm
guess I'm gonna have to murder these
fucking helpless monsters
that one likes to get right up being a
joke
which is nice because it makes me a
target finish the job
job worth doing this is a job worth
doing right
I just love that it was a big pile of
you know I didn't pick a good time to
buy a shitload of ammo yeah this is fun
anybody you said that assault rifles
yeah you can throw grenade with the
right bumper with yep because and I
would rather boxes tiny monsters might
come out of there later upstairs yeah
did whichever do laugh acting yeah rich
um rich has sold his laugh to several
CBS sitcoms oh god that would be so
great to be used to pepper into to get
royalties on that shit right because you
know no one laughs at normal CBS sitcom
so rich rich you'll find rich Evans
laughter just peppered in I get it today
I get it do you get it I get it I was a
joke
need to shoot more tightest I appreciate
you saying that I do good voice work
it's you know if if I ever get a chance
to do actual voice work I will say yes
shame what that I can't pick up anything
what you know I like that that's that
makes that makes the things you pick up
valuable how do I get rid of things I'm
sure there's a way you can
I don't even entirely want to I just I'm
sure there's a way you can drop it yeah
can you move your camera so we can see
the bottom of your map so I would say
select it Oh bother I have seen those
videos where they remove the laugh track
from the Big Bang Theory and I think
it's highly appropriate you can put them
in the safe and Lulu I can't read that
rest of that is it notification at the
store or like a need to find a store
basically I need to find my way back to
where I need to go Batman voice says
will you do voice work for me Jack just
so you know I won't pay you and the
writing is just just terrible sure why
not why not Batman voice
what's the project yeah boys work sure
either too many people on here is that
what it's freaking out about I need to
get rid of the monsters oh it's too
heavy
I'd be funny what do you want from me
yeah I mean you obviously need to do
something yeah I'll work for pizza rolls
is what does the chat saying about this
shit I'll work for beer you want to send
me some beer yeah well you know you have
more than one objective you can change
them on the map
Hey there you go
would this game be better as an FPS
ah you know I I think because it is
third-person it gives you that wider
field of view which you wouldn't have to
look at that ugly character model I
think it works it would be nice if they
gave you the option there's another
thing that they can do that's one thing
they can do switch from first to third
person some games no no um oh it says
you missed a lever you meant to pull
down with your stasis all right where is
that it oh is that is it that thing that
says pull down I get it I get it I
understand thing baby baby
job
where baby another baby I like it cuz it
looks like a chemise ah I've never I've
never gotten to drink doing the best of
the worst I used to drink more during
them but you know with some of the
movies we watch recently I would just
get too tired and I think I'd fall
asleep I don't want to do that go back
alright god what am i what now what do
you people want from me they say please
it's right there
what is what right there I did the thing
did you save do they want you to save
explain what you want I don't I don't
know the route there's a Ripper
schematic so I gotta get something out
of my inventory alright alright
is your Ripper the laser gun is it a way
to upgrade your legs again because then
usually definitely yeah this is some
kind of new fangled thing if they're
saying you need it you need it they ask
the sudden the assault rifle was useless
I don't know that I trust anything they
say it's another schematic right or
somewhere 100 they say you can use a
stasis pack like to refill your your uh
your force power that's what that is
Hey there you go the rippers pretty damn
neat they say okay
they may need another suit upgrade is
what we need sure
oh they say it's a chainsaw
I like it yeah I'm down with that
I'm the monster I should have a chainsaw
oh is that what that curvy yeah yeah I
thought that at first I thought that was
back up health I thought that was your
your reserved sure also do you have any
health back no but I got an assault
rifle and I like killing babies
the river is that Shahrukh enlightening
gun they say it's a chainsaw
I want a chainsaw hey rich when you were
going for Mike's janky answer part of
that question
no it wasn't scripted nothing no no I
think the real question is were you
genuinely trying to get it that way
those things they look like they're like
doing a little they killed me Jack and I
was deafness before that I will
eternally hate them flatlander too has a
really smart observation why would
anyone install health and power
indicators on their back never be able
to see them it should be on the arm
should be there my guess is it's for its
for team excursions no of course that's
yes
because it's a video game
I think rich was genuinely mad or Mike
poured booze on it yeah a little bit
annoying because that that took the bit
a little too far there's a nice shirt
he's farm booze on it right then you
know you still gotta like go home go
home smelling like booze cuz there was
booze in that that was not a that would
I mean of course it was a big ridiculous
giant class but the booze get over here
refreshing freshing i love it find it
find it very amusing that it's like
booze and soda no no
can I get enough for the stuff I sell
dad would be worth it
there was spire cell
inventory that sell the prices seem
absurd it's more than what I paid for
them I'm not dressed try one see what
happens
speaking of that there's the best of the
worst
we've been jackin it where mike singing
they spit out a tooth or something and
your reaction seemed like you were
pissed were you actually pissed oh no
Mike spit out an ice cube and I don't
know how was pissed I think I was just
surprised people actually think that was
a tooth you know I don't know I don't
understand what people think I don't
understand also you should know that
we're all friends it would take a lot
more than just spitting a chunk of ice
to get us this day nothing
he said yes he did think it was it -
yeah the safes fine everything's fine
right I got ammo so I can shoot furnace
I'm going full Rambo if you haven't
noticed I'm going full Rambo and I'm
going on I'm going with the offense
I actually sent some hate text no oh no
like like I said Anna here's here's the
real truth I don't remember that we
filmed that I'm sure a long time ago I
just don't remember if it was something
that I was pissed at him for I would
have remembered it but man he's bitter
thing
now the centrifuges offline we've got
four trillion tons of rock hanging off
our ass and without that centrifuge
about a monster's gravity cousin suppose
for instance on a colony can't find any
monsters I need blood monsters in here I
crave blood monsters in there I need to
kill the darkness rises inside of me
served my Dark Master will take over
jack but I have no master you are the
dirt I am the darkness
we're come in here I want to shoot you
just one I saw
eating you outside there yeah wow man
taken the worst out of rich I think rich
is really enjoying himself who's taking
the what the worst out of me what this
is this game is taking the worst out of
you are making doors out of you maybe
that's right that that does sound like a
doctor claw voice I'll get you next time
doctor claw you like watching me voice I
do faces when I void when I make voices
it helps me make the voice and it's
weird for me that you get to see those
faces now because normally you don't
he almost used that awesome alt fire I
don't know if you've noticed he hasn't
really needed it I can use for my
machine gun
I'm not a big explosives guy in games
yeah
nice but you know what usually they end
up blowing me up more than anyone else I
was on I find it more satisfying to put
500 rounds into something intensely
satisfying sure I'm with you I don't
like a well-placed explosion explosion
now in that it's a sometime street it's
a sudden that's it sometimes tricky
right it's like your cookie it's a
sometimes but yet that's too obvious I
am it's behind me
I'm gonna walk over here mm-hmm I'm good
Oh Oh what's the ad know that close
enough maybe oh I picked inventory fault
nope no reason because I my inventories
for today gold semiconductor you
probably want that that's like a new
face Gold I could buy some machine guns
ever that do Kermit the Frog you were
misinformed the on fire for the pulse
rifle this bullet disco oh that could be
interesting yeah I don't know if I can
do a Kermit impression yeah what do I
drop Jack
Kermit the Frog you Kermit the Frog you
know talk from your your uvula yeah it
also helps if you make the voice no my
Kermit the Frog more sounds like a line
though from pork pork in space maybe
poor parking space sounds like Kermit
the Frog could be picky no I can't do a
good current why tease me why tease me
with that monster hole that's what rich
there's all the moms get over here on
the dance floor girl
AirCam I wonder I wonder if I will need
air soon I don't know there's a guy
there we are that was it was it that was
the old fire what happened nothing
oh it fires three bullets in three
different directions we cast lame ass is
that all it does yeah that's weak yes
lame ass
I'll hold it I have to hold it alright
it's alright it's a bullet umbrella
you get he's learning guys look at that
poor fuck
noting forever
how am I supposed to get in there well
let me get in and one week let me get
out this back up a little bit
No
Oh perfect spot the fine yeah whatever
no there's been in dude right now what
all right all right magic wine well
there's also a glow box like what our
sir
you think I pay attention to what's
going on
what is the wine one where's the line
the line is the line has abandoned me
your ghost dog is just going to the
bathroom it's okay how did you do not
press the button right
oh sorry I did that right in the mic I
was cracking - our clutches must be
engaged to start the centrifuge power
clutches within clutches girl oh here's
a thing
please activate touches well that's just
a screen that's not gonna well yeah I
know that's right there don't we glitch
he froze No
oh I read is there no air in here did I
run out of here what there might not
have been air in there
did it have a countdown on your back I
don't recall seeing one but I wasn't
paying that much attention here what
killed me
ran out of o2 okay really oh wait this
way and you started care wailing yes I
thought that was funny I didn't see the
countdown thing and shit happens
I'm not to worry sir
oh it says nothing to do with o2 you
just glitched out yeah that was not an
o2 thing that this room has oxygen in it
unless the glitches that it's not
displaying I don't know you all these
guys are forever hey friend know if it's
out of our - you have are you doing
buddy I'm sorry strong dose that I don't
know chat all the time what did you say
what did you say
strongest I'm coming
half in the bag or best the worst should
do a special edition where they go see
three stage theater performance and then
have a discussion no no do care for the
theater no no I don't think any of us
careful
so I I don't think it would be a very
good discussion because also we don't
know anything about the theater which is
probably why we don't care for it nope
the answer is no that's how I do this
you gotta stick it in there
not sound
you show me what's on the inside and
show me what's in the whole time I was
in that alien home like that monster
whole have to not be spinning
I'm not shooting monsters and I'm losing
interest quickly look at that spin again
isn't he funny
did you try slowing it down how right so
we had to do with the last puzzle
thank jab or is it just you know just me
hey Jack the only only because that is
exactly what we had to do with the last
one yeah just slightly different I had
to point to
yeah that's not that great the magical
four completely surrounded yes
thanks Batman voice for designing a
limited-edition pre-reg t-shirt very
funny well what our customer is
disagreeing with you with your bullet
umbrella assessment because they were on
the floor rich no I mean in general
though unless you unless you're
completely surrounded right floor or not
whatever this is waste
it's just a waste point forward and
shoot them yeah you're not wasting any
bullets then it waste bullets has four
or five in Tory's inventory slots filled
with bullets there are going to be a lot
of monsters in this game and I intend to
shoot every single one of them in the
face as you should be
that is an important question up to us
now
I don't know it doesn't matter
everything matters last question eggnog
scan the chat dating there's an
important question okay right
don't even try any attention that well
very horribly confused
Nik 10:20 yeah I've heard of Steel
Panther they have they're kind of the
throwback hair metal band
I believe hopefully that's correct I
should look at you because I can talk to
Annette yeah I've heard of them I get it
not necessarily my thing if that's them
if there's something else than I don't
know
Oh heaven again
did air turn off at some point or is
that just a that's just a bug I think
that is just that yeah you know what
that might be a vsync
that might be a vsync glitch that's it
seems like a very strange glitch I will
say that
I guess we'll have to pay more attention
to see if maybe an oxygen thing does
I loved my job stomping monsters is my
job stop monsters in the face you know
some people go to work and you know it's
just a paycheck to them but for me it's
about the artist I hand a car the rooms
in my boot every morning so I can get a
fresh one this kind of stuff that
motivates however zero-g walk there dirt
dance for me stripe 696 has an idea he
says it's not oh - it's because you are
jumping at platforms at 2:00 sharp and
angle okay maybe it did happen in the
same area right
yeah I think Jay would like the the
monster design in this it's it's neat
what is the right door now
what's it matter what the writers
so what is the right angle apparently
that turn on the same now there's an air
thing oh okay oh shit oh shit
what was that I got hit by a spinning
thing Oh kill some monsters gonna stand
here while I'm looking for I god
that's when I think Jay Jay would not
like your same as Jay doesn't play games
yeah Jay would like to look at this game
for a little bit and enjoy some of the
characters yes it's we've learned this
about Jay this is known this is
something oh no no this is something I
think a lot of gamers need to come to
grips with which is there are just
people who okay and they're probably
never gonna play games and they're just
not people who enjoy games and we need
to be okay with that
we should be happy that nice we should
be happy that J can appreciate games
even though he doesn't play them smart
you get splattering nope nope it's but
you know like it's the same for for like
movie people and you know movies are a
little more accessible than games but
you know there are just some people who
don't care about seeing movies there are
some people who don't care about reading
books comic books any sort of something
I was a while back it was just like I
think gamers know just face down
I do think gamers are a little more
strongly reactionary towards their
particular phone just because they're
saying Jay has played games and streams
how many of them involve shooting and
accuracy this is zero Jay has played
games on the stream before and they are
very few and yeah he played a little
outlast he played ducktales he enjoyed
that
he played outlast you kind of phoned
around he didn't need to shoot at things
he played he played a little bit of that
Inc game no he has played games
I guess what we're saying is settle down
he did he played duck sale him
did he play punch-out with us I forget
people are saying it is then he kind of
be glass Joe wasn't that that was this
big accomplish yeah that's true Jay does
care about human misery are you still
looking back together I have to tank
which may be stupid because this is
probably the airlock right here might be
yeah a new sup was gonna come I knew it
I wasn't expecting this though should
that be smile
before you go forward I believe there
was a safety factor we're back through
that door to the airlock no I'm not
going to be your life forget that's
without that yeah that's a monster all
right it wasn't any that monster hole
was Annie Annie
um you know I don't know if anyone finds
this game scary I I could you know see
you know like back in the day maybe you
know when I first came out I feel like
I'm small game hunting but it's
enjoyable it is very enjoyable game i
but but also I don't understand how
people find anything scary so they need
to be immersed in to be fully fully
immersed even then you need to feel
vulnerable but you need to allow
yourself to feel vulnerable like and
like I just I can't get there the the
allowing comes from the immersion
I think the immersion is very important
maybe it's the controller you know like
it's a I know it's it's a game like I'm
really scared if I you know get to Olmec
instil unki and I'm going for a hell run
you know I get scared then
I'm wanting more variety either
environments or monsters yeah this is
what I said shorter it came like this
focus short taste getting paste well
yeah of the spaceship of course which is
you know like that's the gift of the
game right is that you're stuck in the
spaceship yeah but like a different
section with a different color scheme
would be really nice at this point
agreed that's something like this only
it's more of like a roguelike and
there's randomly generated ship ship to
find your way out of mm-hmm that could
be that could be fun all just kind of
eerie enough like what if you have to go
through like the garden few hours long
like a movie even more like like if this
was like a this was a 5 hour game you
know like I understand why people
complain about that they spend $50 they
had 5 hours that sucks of the games that
we play aboard I've had I've had five
hour games but they're extremely
playable I love them to death it seems
something like this might not be that
replayable so I get it yeah
and then I'm going to lock the door to
peel storage you can get to the engine
chamber from there she telling me one
more monsters aren't oh that's that's
nice apparently later there actually is
a garden deck though hey that's great
I'm very glad that that happens later
but you know you know we're getting to
that point where that needs to happen
sooner hopefully well I guess you're
going somewhere new right now so maybe
that's happening right now as maybe as
we're complaining about it it's about to
happen what am I supposed to go he
almost got you
look I need air you can wait I'll shoot
you you know wait
yeah I believe he does have to make
innovation
I don't know was rocking big McGee on X
I hope it goes that I hope more people
can play that game too
apparently they
very
berries are
really linglong that feels like a
distraction
that's neat though it is monsters behind
me I'll just do the bullet dance
something I'm fine oh you know what
maybe that's not as distracting maybe
that's the setup to a distraction you
know like you see that guy yeah now
you're gonna see another guy like that
later it's all fine it's all fine yes
something's gonna fire in the forum so
we need a storm
oh the Ripper the Ripper that's right
the chainsaw bonesaw is ready we
couldn't afford the Ripper before yeah
we're we're our money we had no money
but now we got money don't get that
Ripper and you can't sell stuff so what
sells and shit will get a rip another
grape here to be great when we can rip
people's face off I suppose we can do
that with our boot
rapping pieces of shit
guess who's way up on your shenanigans
wine racks no idea you got him pick it
up take it with you
Matt
rich wants environment and enemy variety
he likes using the pulse rifle remember
games are supposed to be entertaining
and so he wants to use the weapon that
feels best to him something just moved
over there for one I used the cutter for
the longest time you know in the
beginning of the game then I've used
this for relatively less long for
another I don't have another weapon yet
as soon as I get my hands on that Ripper
I plan on trying it oh I need I need I
need juice for my psychic shit oh yeah
and that's right gobbledygook it's hard
to be scared when you're a badass like
rich you think Rambo is scared fuck now
think the terminators scared uh-uh like
she's here fuck shit
this game secured me yet I'm running
around looking for things I can stop
I don't think fear has entered the
equation yet look look and that's not a
criticism I'm enjoying myself but I
would not say I were scared rich is
playing the Robocop dead space mod
basically I'm suing that explodes
come on come on you can do it do it come
on oh look you're making baby's first
steps yeah Elmo you got you're slow
you're just go for me
die what I'm never shooting barrels
again I was lame what do I drop I guess
I don't need help that bad forget it's
fine oh you don't need it you don't need
oh you've been you've been doing me
shockingly well with with little health
I can throw barrels with Kinesis that's
good they do more damage what I throw
them with Kinesis I expect things to go
splat when I shoot a fucking barrel all
right what was I gonna do shoot those
guys I would recommend shooting those
guys
now we're not gonna do we're probably
not gonna do space really right I'm glad
I'm glad I finally got to like see what
this game is all about I know it's it's
been on my life I should play this list
for a while now and I'm glad if I
finally get a chance to did he just drop
a lollipop she dropped his hand oh I
guess that makes more sense
can you pick up that saw look over there
there's like this saw blade on the
ground where go to the next room
nope just come back the room you are in
now forget it there's like a right
behind you oh can you pick that up and
throw it at you probably
like saw people and have no it's fine
it's fine yeah awesome just made me
waste my stasis I'm so bad I'm very I'm
sorry thank you not even a little bit no
I mean I was half-assed lying about and
I called you out on it yeah I think I
think that's all fair yeah stand by for
sequence which means monsters are gonna
pop out while that's loading usually
yeah here we go
suck it
hey I got one
this motion is all a spin on the girls
spit on your rich
damn dog
damn dog
forget about Moo go good with YouTube 16
times were da get another day you call
me cuz I can't come home I sold
companies don't do do do do do
okay but strange song she's right there
I'm gonna walk in song we're working
yeah another day killing monsters nail
it's a living remember
no a tune that must mean it's bad
I've been a large part of my life
oh fuck off
I've never played any sports Richard
you're the played in school now
I did a little bit you know the teenager
I just wanna quit very far and I did not
like it
Aaron they're all dead
other thing about horror games yeah also
hard to get too scared when every time
you die you just respawn in the previous
room yeah but I mean what's the what's
the the band's thing I do you know we'll
be fine
I think that's a tough balance because I
know like I know there were those
sections an alien isolation where you
know that your last checkpoint was way
the fuck back there then you had to go
through the whole boring ass sequence
again it definitely made death a little
more meaningful but it was boring so I'd
rather just get to the game part but
like even I don't know if this is a
horror game I think this is the kind of
more action-oriented yeah
you have those line racks but you want
to take over are we getting ready to
call yeah I'm done
I'm telling that easy we were on normal
we were on normal mode for dead space
not easy mode
Mario Mario 42 sloshed from DuckTales
mr. shy smile B 3 and 0 7 specs poor
striker 1 1 2 1
Caesarion furred nice hey pearl I love
you
that's 15 months Mario Mario 42 was 16
months hold wash them Devils 12 shit
fuck
tiny turnip mister just subscribe tiny
sort of mr. good chaos 14:28 pumpy pumpy
press b to dick punch play organ trail
already t-bag for glory less than Kate
Top Ramen spare nice nice T Carl's leaf
for tea Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl
Carl Carl Carl I think he Carlile for
air
Graham Dolph who I find correct was the
winner of the Metal Gear Solid 5 and
shadow of Mordor you may be cursed
challenged you may be correct I'm I'm
almost 99.9% sure incorrect since I'm
almost 99.9% sure that means a 99.98% no
way that's still more 0.8 just 99.8%
sure thank you for subscribing
