May 10, 2015
Lego Marvel Super Heroes
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5692917
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5701689
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5702184
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5702592
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqbUvHUcdao
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dI7m9qy0yOo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRcSZgdC09Q
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubjckyB0uxI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/597446992416022528
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/597537896397086721

[Part I]
I you I tell I see right now it's like a
Triton Opik rainbow here yeah yeah there
should be game starting surely no not
you you want him again so here you are I
talk about all kinds of nerdy things we
were talking about hot steamy dinosaur
sex a little bit the other day and I was
actually I look so I went I looked that
up and you know what how how dinosaurs
how they think dinosaurs might have been
sexually determined because some species
determined sex by whether or not the
embryo was fertilized and some species
determined sex with you know X Y or Z W
genetically and some speak you know and
some species determined sex by which one
is the biggest in the in a group and
some or or whether or not there's
females or males needed or or
temperature of a you you brought so we
are we are so so there was I looked it
up there was a guy who would hypothesize
now I thought like the I know that they
they've kind of decided prevailing
theory if I'm not mistaken is that
dinosaurs went extinct to a cunt due to
a combination and increased volcanism
and a an asteroid that hit in the
Yucatan Peninsula I looked that up it's
like the little literally blip on the
Yucatan Peninsula I thought at first
when they said that that maybe the Gulf
of Mexico was supposed to be an asteroid
hole and I was thinking man if something
that big hit us it would be like it
would vaporize the planet like like the
the impact of supposedly threw off a
chunk of the earth and made the moon now
something that something that big hits
us there might not even be a boy the
whole entire is crust and pretty much
sterilize everything which there's
reason to believe that's happened
multiple times and that life has just
read
seeded from asteroids or something or
Duvall more than once but anyway so this
guy was speculating that that dinosaurs
had got one extinct because the
temperature got warm now I would have
thought that you know nuclear winter
style that things would have gotten
colder but the temperature got too warm
and that this in a crocodilian fashion
made dinosaurs all-male practically and
then they weren't enough girl dinosaurs
to lay eggs and continue on to me since
the oven school of dinosaur sex weren't
enough girl dinosaurs to make more
dinosaurs and so somebody else went and
they did a study about this and you know
they were going by like the existing
clades or whatever they call in the
existing groups of animals you know
whether they're you know groups and
those animals in those groups like
saying the crocodilians or reptiles or
mammals animals are their modern
descendants sexually determined by their
sect you know their their sexual
male/female are they determined by and
of course some animals are from
appetites and some are some do can make
babies up for a blizzard sedation and
everything else but are they is it that
temperature dependent and they said you
know they want to they wanted to see do
animals who are temperature dependent
did animals who are temperature
dependent for their sex determination
died out at higher rates than ones whose
modern ancestors aren't and probably the
ancient ones are genetically determined
and actually they found the opposite and
it was just about us you you you came to
paragraph full nerd full neuro so it
sounds like whatever not only is that
not the problem but it seems like if
anything it's the opposite
so whatever till dinosaurs dinosaurs
were like crocodile
determined by temperature of asparagus
is very debated that if they're like
modern birds Karen you'll you died on me
you're very quiet testing testing
testing and my my buttons aren't working
where am I putting green Oh what
happened I'm like yelling writer than my
microphone so you got you got very quiet
I didn't and my controller is not
working right I see resume options
extras here you're playing around with
oh you're playing Legos yeah but I can't
like the troubles don't let me switch
characters I'm wearing my but my pc
controller is not working right that
could be bad cuz I can't I can't switch
characters now oh you go cuz the best
character Hulk ain't glazed yeah but
look as he's like using Lego style
footprints all over everything I was
somebody still our volume bridge I think
they're they're suggesting that you rock
blasting your eardrums or something well
let you just turn their own volume down
I can I can control like separate things
here okay well I know but before you
were saying that your volume relative to
mine so if they're turning it up to hear
me and then they're being blasted by the
relative volume of you I don't know I
mean I'm talking about as loud as I
major game making an intentional effort
to go this is me yeah
I don't know I can't my controller is
fucked I can't I can't switch characters
which she was gonna make this impossible
wait wait you're you know you're you're
going from resuming the options and your
up and down buttons are working your
d-pad oh yeah but my well the problem is
my my-y buttons not working the button
you use to switch care others nope i if
i were yeah i had a controller for you
but yeah sorry
oh and but anyway dinosaur sex i wanted
to bring up there's a book called dawn
of the d the prehistoric origins of sex
by Johnny Law sir second I mean we were
talking the other day about how birds do
it and how how bees do the birds and the
bees birds do it with YW herb no y WT
and and the the homozygous the one
that's got two are the same thing as the
boy instead of the girl which is a
little odd after all that stuff you know
how honors that stuff evolved I mean how
do you go from something that's
temperature dependent for its I need to
read a book about that too but uh
temperate how do you go from something
that's temperature dependent for its
sexual determination how does that ever
end up reproducing for something that
needs needs uh you know a WZ sexual love
chromosomes to I I think I think you're
talking over everybody's not I think you
regardless always fun I assume they had
a bird sound Chloe cos a lot of things
have Chloe cos it's the whole female you
know female mammals are probably you
know about the only ones who have this
separate vagina and urethra and anus but
you think is they do I think my Wyatt my
wife when I seems like it might be
working now
I'm not sure about monotremes they lay
eggs they might have like this yeah this
is Karen so yeah if you want I just want
to answer questions they have yeah I
don't I don't know if they care about
dinosaurs away cuz though they care
about they like the heat death of the
universe because it's depressing they
like it when I talk about depressing
things in an open and honest way I think
you want to talk about books we talk
about books I know they brought all the
Martians where yeah there's motion yeah
I cannot wait it's it's the kind of
geekery like like like if they took
Apollo 18 and got rid of Tom Hanks and
just made it made the entire movie about
that scene where they take a big box of
stuff and say this is what they have up
there this is what you have to work with
make something and they turn that into
like a whole movie and and then had like
actors who made you know sarcastic
remarks and swore a lot that would be
what people aren't people might not be
familiar with or what is about this this
astronaut it's set in the future but
it's said in like the reasonably nearer
although yeah they don't need any sauce
to a date and the the author he
originally self-published and actually
he released like a chapter at a time
online he's like he works in like
aerospace or engineering or something
and anywhere and he released the chapter
at a time so these really geeky people
could proofread it but it's about this
astronaut and he's on a mission to Mars
with a group of other astronauts and
there's a unusually intense storm and he
gets separated from the other people and
it looks to them because you know his
vital signs get cut off and and it looks
like his there's a puncture of the suit
and stuff they think he's dead and not
only that his radio wasn't working so he
has to figure out a way without you know
a working radio on him to contact earth
and say yeah I'm not dead can you guys
come back for me and he has to find a
way to survive he's got some rations but
he doesn't have enough rations to
survive for as long as it would take
them to get to him because you know Mars
is way further than what he he fights
the alibi'd shoot it's man versus nature
he fights the elements and he and he
meets up with some some discarded
semi-functional probes that we have
previously sent to Mars I'm sure it
could be for some people it was a cellar
it's gonna be a movie and it's awesome
it's like hard sci-fi you know the so
called horror not like difficult but
like factual that tries to say what
would happen in the action world without
any aliens without Marvin the Martian is
unfortunately and his dog the one that
looks suspiciously like Pluto also
missing because obviously Marvin the
Martian is Warner Brothers but somebody
copied somebody surely have one
completely over your head why would
Marvin the Martian have it would be in
keeping with actually that wouldn't do
so a good point
Deimos or Phobos well I figure you know
cuz they're both planets well at least
it kind of got demoted now it's just
like a Kepler about a large Kepler belt
body or whatever someone in the stream
said they listen to the audiobook
version of the Martian I guess this is a
lot of the book know that their husband
I actually like did Kindle has say who's
Karen who is Karen rich this is okay I
guess not everybody listens to every
stream I still have people shocked every
now and then when I mentioned I have a
fiance and and Kara is my fiancee this
is this is the the woman I'm going to
marry we're too
cute little geeks so yeah that's Karen
hi but um but yeah smart on the march
forward
oh yeah and Kepler belt and Pluto's not
a planet and where were we going to this
something called whisper sync amazon has
it where you can you read the book and
it keeps track of where you are so you
could like you know to the word pretty
much certainly to the page but if you
highlight the words you probably do it
to the word so you can read a page and
then you can listen to the next page
while you're driving or whatever and
then you can pull it back up and if you
haven't bulb assuming and you can you
know go back and forth
I actually listened to parts of it and
read parts of it you know like I did
both you know I solved the same book but
parts of it I listened to and parts of
it I I read because of course reading is
yeah I like to read plus certainly
quickly the most of you know what are
you but you can listen to an audiobook
while you drive while you work while you
do stuff that players your hands and
eyes but not necessarily your full
undivided attention
so yeah the Martian totally other geeky
books I was reading so we didn't we
didn't talk about the Martian last time
your I was training with us is good
stuff right right now I'm reading
reading a book called the disappearing
spoon by by Sam team it's a history of
the periodic table of the elements which
sounds incredibly dry but is that is
that a matrix it in reruns its I see
what you're talking about
yeah should I spoil why that's where the
title comes from
all right you know how boxers solid at
room temperature and you warm it up a
bit it's liquid well I think the melting
point is a little higher than butter but
it's well below boiling galley and
what's what's melting point apparently
apparently I can't like no idea about
the toxicity of gallium and I'm not sure
what it costs an ounce but I guess
people who are like chemistry geeks at
least once have decided to play yeah you
know gags on each other tricks by
casting a spoon out of gallium and
giving it to someone with their coffee
not inside the coffee and when they go
to stir their coffee the spoon melts
which is going to freak somebody out
because they're assuming the spoon is
made out of yep a stainless steel or
silver or something that's very and
there are three I I can only assume it's
not poisonous you know if I saw my spoon
disappeared in my coffee my next thought
would not be let's drink the coffee what
is the most about discovered all these
different elements and all of the wacky
uses that have dried and and why the
elements are like they are and what the
atomic structure is but it's written for
a general audience and I'm barely passed
chemistry I'm not a big math nerd you
know you know what you know you know
what I think I think I think the honor
of all the people listening to the
stream the ones the ones who are Star
Trek fans they're they're fine but I
think I think we are losing all of the
Star Wars fans here I lost them all yeah
yeah well we could talk about the
Starship Troopers by Robert Susy
it's true a troopers you talk about a
starship drifters yeah yeah that's good
he writes I haven't read it I read I
know you've read to me because you like
reading the band that's too sweet like
the the prequel book the short story but
with those characters yeah
Chillicothe was a Chillicothe no should
go chicolini incident Chillicothe is a
city in Ohio but ya know he's he's up
space Kahneman and he has a a robot
assistant metal Mantic relationship and
she's really the brains of the operation
but she's got a chip installed that
every time she tries to have an original
thought she reboots so he's a complete
completely deep you know he's not stupid
you know he's getting he's gonna be my
manager and he looks before he leaps
constantly and she is a brilliant robot
but she does not have free will she is
owned by him and every time she tries to
think her way out of things she loses
and it's it was just and the mercury
trilogy disenchanted is about a king who
is killed right at the beginning of the
book like in the first page or two and
he spends the rest of the book is a race
traipsing around trying to figure out
what the hell happened but it's just
very funny stuff
he's like Kurt like oldest sword the
sword has a curse on it and when he dies
he he cannot physically let go of his
sword which means he cannot climb under
the you know giant fuzzy teddy bear
thing that's gonna take him to the local
version of Valhalla or whatever
I like his books are they God's gift to
high literature probably not but they're
fun just like that off to be the wizard
is fun
I read that too there's so many books
you're throwing out these people cram so
many books I'm not saying it's bad thing
okay I'm just saying it is I'm like that
in person to I just oh yeah this is what
I find adorable about you and I i
thinkin back to dinosaurs I I need to
bring up all yesterday's bye-bye Nash
and Coleman because you put me on the
spot let you give me a call that one
time the last yeah yeah what about where
the dinosaurs all have feathers and
stuff
speculative art but they might have
looked like yeah some fur and body fat
well that's like an art book we're out
of book book right yeah
yeah I decided to play this so I could
talk because there's no consequences to
Figaro not all that you just popped
right back up I kind of grew up on the
2d 8-bit world even when with the more
advanced my NES pardon me so they're
asking what do you think about communism
unitary the Soviet style one was kind of
a mess I mean it's great in theory but
doesn't human nature kind of preclude
interpretation of capitalism as well I
mean it's like you know it's like animal
you know quote about all animals are
equal but some animals are more equal
than others and whisk I think that's was
a problem with soviet-style communism I
mean I'm in favor of things that are of
many things that are considered
socialist like you know universal health
care and food stamps for everybody
everybody wants to complain about you
know I think I think food food and
shelter and whatnot are human rights
they're turning off water in Detroit
those those are human rights and yes we
would have to raise taxes and certain
people and organizations and yes they
would probably fight that I'm not saying
there are easy solutions but you know I
am in favor of democratic socialism but
not soviet-style communism yep yeah that
sounds good and I'm not I'm not smart
enough they said they're against
state-funded mass murder and radical
stuff like that
unfortunately state-funded mass murder
isn't such a fairly radical I think
that's kind of the status quo we spend
like half of our national budget on
quote unquote defense which is we spend
like almost half of the the the defense
quote unquote expenditures in the world
or by the United States
so I'm actually going over young killing
people is actually radical I mean I know
what they were saying but yeah somebody
else is they're all for starship trooper
styles fascism well good you know sit
tight it seems like we're going that
well if you write down the movie couple
times it's it's interesting because it
basically is a fascist propaganda film
yeah there's that the red dwarf it
reminds me of that that's that one of
those episodes of Red Dwarf whether
they're watching a short film about
alien venereal diseases that's that's
kind of like the Starship Troopers humor
you know they're they're making more red
dwarf they thought recently is it Simon
Pegg is he that I can never remember
which one of them is the blonde wonder
which one's the brown haired one Simon
Pegg I don't know why he would have he
didn't blonde one alright alright the
one who did red one yeah Simon Pegg is
Scotty from the new Star Trek movies
okay who's who's the fat guy in red
dwarf who does the chubby guy huh I
don't know his name knows anybody know
his name the guy yeah he's been ran the
right on red dwarf is he is he gonna
play the next the channel in Canada but
I don't know the candidate necessarily
wants me father fed I've never heard of
I mean I don't think Canada wants a
whole pile of American piece we're here
for the socialism we're not gonna pledge
allegiance to the Queen I'm one of my
Facebook friends Franz he's saying that
in order she had to put prejudice well
though no don't reject you you coming in
but though we're sorry
do I do I believe to guarantee to carry
fuel think that'd be great I think we I
think we really need this set of floor I
mean people are worried that we're
studying a CEO know we might set a
ceiling we might make it so that it's
too hard for people to get incredibly
rich in this country yes I think we
should work really hard on setting a
floor give everybody any yes I'm sure
they're people argue that that's gonna
drive inflation and blah blah blah but
you know yeah I think we really need to
guarantee every man woman and child a
certain we've got massive vacancies and
foreclosures for lease signs everywhere
I know we've got people sleeping on the
streets it's just a mismatch there yeah
any any any other questions for Karen
Jen anything at all where you got can't
guarantee I'll answer them but yeah
that's probably a mistake don't don't
ask Karen anything take it back
take it okay great but your fiancee is
deluded and insane well why thank you
very kind of Wow
I'm sorry Karen we don't somebody said
well you know it's not like we're not
all contributing something to their
bottom line but yeah we could not talk
about politics
you're certainly there are tons of
people who disagree we may becomes a
people I disagree with and I think you
can get along with them just fine pardon
me big time for anything what do you
like oh I love video games but I like
the books but you know I'm not an addict
about them I just like them left
I like gadgets and toys
I like my new Bluetooth headset that I
got the other day on Amazon refurbished
IO I was talking about was talking to
somebody today you know I see but a new
headset just for this yeah and actually
I'm not on it I'm on I'm on I one of my
headphones has a little microphone in it
I figured up to try that first
uh-huh and the next time I'll try it
with the Bluetooth one I just didn't
want to try too many things at once I'm
actually wired yeah what tablet right
now physically wired that Bluetooth
connected to it just because I thought
that's too many things to go wrong I
mean right now I've got my Chromebook
speak I've got my tablet with you know
with that I've got my phone in case you
need to look something up there's only
so much that I can I can see dirty words
right that I can oh yeah you can say
fuck shit piss cunt mother fucker
asshole
I think I can soon you betcha
oh shit Oh Park petunias are like flower
puss answer flower penises what's the
sex organ of the plans
what okay I thought petunia was then
whoa what's this like the statement in
the pistol opportunities yeah good I
mean you know I think some plants have
like male and female flowers separately
and some of them they're both but they
don't self fertilize generally they you
know like bees and shit for that cuz
they're not physically connected I don't
know mmm-hmm
I'm about a botanist did I did I not die
once this in this room won't have
payment you go well I guess I'm not done
yeah cuz of spider-man fucking spider
look smash Oh spider-man spitefulness
cutest LEGO creation ever is adorable
this is miss my favorite Lego
Tyrannosaurus Rex for giraffes marvelous
Kubelik on probably not this is I think
this before she exists as a character oh
and you'll need to have thing to have
another one and I know you know malecon
and it needs to have Squirrel Girl I
would play it
I would totally play a squirrel are you
glad I told you about awesome
I've been reading Squirrel Girl and and
but what I'm doing is like I'm
comiXology if you get stuff well
actually the MS Marvel I've been buying
them straight paper of X but if you buy
things when they're a couple months old
they're cheaper you know they drop the
price so I'm actually a few months
behind but I've been reading that and
I've been reading the Batman 66 is and
the scooby-doo team-up which is great
no Jack tonight Jackie is the only tone
Aaron what are some
saga I love saga saga is cuz I didn't
know about saga when you first started
talking about it sublime is no idea I
want to say image and said I eww no I
think it's image and it's it's a couple
and it's like they're two peoples are
there ones for your planet once for moon
and they're you know that moon that
planets you and whatnot and these places
have been at war for you know decades
centuries lifetimes whatever
and they've also their Wars being fought
through other third parties kind of like
the french-indian war which involved you
know is between France and England but
they got the Indians involved but these
people one of them is from the moon and
one of them is from the from the planet
and they are mortal enemies these places
and these people they fall in love
they're both soldiers and they fall in
love and they have a baby the baby is
you know mixed race mixed species
whatever and both sides want to kill the
baby and it's just and in that the alien
race isn't like the book is just the
books are just beautiful and imaginative
and you say you want to wait until it
concludes so you can just read it
through I have no idea when that will
happen I think they're up to like issue
24 or 25 right now might be a while then
I think why the last man lasted 60 out
or 70 odd issues I don't know saga is
quite popular they recently released a
doubt a deluxe edition which collects
like the first three trades in a
beautiful hardcover volume but they also
released a fourth trade so yeah it's
been around a while it may continue to
be around for a while and it's got some
great characters like lying cat there's
a bounty hunter who has a cat and it
knows when people are lying and it'll
just go all whatever says is when
somebody lies it just goes flying or
whatever voice it has yeah I so know now
that you're saying comments not so much
the popular ones but what right okay so
I'm assuming you have no interests in
that somebody asked us why I'm asking
secret Wars the new thing Marvel is
doing now which is named after an old
thing more than 30 years ago know what
that is
tell me I haven't been reading comic
books in a while I don't know what's
their new crossover where everyone beats
up I mean like I know the universe I
read that but no I was gonna say now
that you're reading comic books where
you everything
to do list it's the one the one where
the guys the inbred descendant of Jesus
one of them in white yes the Best
Storyline in picture yes yeah the whole
thing
no it's led one of the major storylines
there yeah one of these days it's it's
on my to-do list I'm reading that I've
been reading trees divinity hmm most
most of most of creature is about a
Southern Baptist preacher who who is
looking to beat up God basic basically
I'm done really it's easier justice I'm
kind of that's very cool character is
the guy in Trigon who who's carrying a
cross and when he puts it down and
unwraps of his food like machine guns
and stuff he doesn't have a giant
machine gun cross but yes he's he's he's
cooler than him he is the he is the
ultimate he's the ozone so he's trying
to trying to beat up God it's got a just
God show up in this okay so so this
presupposes that there is a God who is
ascension thing photography they know
there's a god the preach that the
preacher in question gets bonded with
some kind of powerful supernatural
entity from another planet or like an
angel or from from like heaven he's he's
a crossbreed angel demon gets born and
it gets with this preacher that never
goes well what not because humans are
the sons of man and nighttime sons of
sons of God the daughters of man or
whatever was I thought it was just as
humanity was wicked so they had to blow
up III don't know these things I don't
know so ya know but but yeah saga is
wonderful else my reading Hawk Hawk I
seems to have ended
well rebooted it again with somebody
else yeah well you know I was I had a
subscription to Marvel unlimited for a
couple months but on my tablet and it's
just really a pain in the neck it just
didn't work well on my hardware and I
thought you know forget it I and
supposedly there's another subscription
comic service that I might look into at
some point but really I've probably got
all the entertainment options I need in
my life they I've been reading that you
know I like Batman I like that you know
yes that's just like the TV it's a
cheesy TV show and that's why I like it
Wonder Woman 77002 see you're loaned
alotta see honestly it's a comic book
and it's an adaptation
that's gender swapped it's all women and
the art is just beautiful of Homer's The
Odyssey Odysseus Odysseus is a woman why
does that why does that need a gender
swaps I can't discuss the guy's daughter
or something but it's it's it's just in
some space too by the way
it's just a weird futuristic take on the
Odyssey and it's written in like some
kind of something-or-other pentameter or
something or iambic pentameter or
whatever it is it's written in some kind
of oddly written like in whatever the
originals written in which is kind of an
interesting thought uh-huh
no I haven't I'm heard of wool but I
haven't actually read it well yeah
maybe even a trilogy it's some kind of
sci-fi okay
have you read read anything written by
Alan Moore yet or do you don't even plan
to you know I keep always meaning to and
I never do
I mean well bomp thing looks really good
yeah I actually like picked it up right
I think it's what yours on sale okay I
have it digitally the only couple bucks
I like having some I really like the way
comic books
look digitally and I know you like the
physical ones and you know I kind of
like the heaven the Kamala Kahn one MS
marvel ones but in general I really like
the rich saturated bright colors of
digital comic books and the fact that I
can zoom in on stuff and have it nice
and big so I can see all the detail I
like digitally a panel by panel you know
changing and whatnot and some of them
like the Batman ones and whatnot they're
optimized for digital so you click on it
and you know boom and you click on it
again and the other punch happens and
stuff in the same panel which is yeah
I've also a pretty bitch plan which is a
series where people women who are
non-compliant are thrown into prison
that's really that's where they send all
the women who was listening to their men
trying this oh my gosh I mean they're
trying to come together a team for this
like mm a planet thing you know kind of
like a Hunger Games kind of thing but
it's just it's only a few issues doesn't
matter horrible and would actually want
to do something like oh no sunlight no
it's it you know like his maids tale
it's one of those like dystopian future
where whether they're treated like shit
yeah I'm not saying that that would
happen it's it's you know speculative
fiction
sure sure but but yeah I've been reading
that yes and I do want to read the watch
the what and I started to read it I
don't know why I stopped I guess I got
distracted I'm good at that but uh I
mean I love the characters and works
yeah he's the fan favorite but dr.
Manhattan's really creepy and in an
interesting way he's creepy in the most
interesting possible yeah I don't know
if you ready yeah you know I don't know
what you know about yeah I started to
read about ten years ago and I really
need to get back to it but I don't
really remember that much except that
they're like a team of like retired
superheroes or something something like
that it's it's it's certainly not about
super heroics if anything it's about how
stupid somehow that's they all are
basically yep ineffective useless Oh as
opposed to like Batman style wounded
inner child and or Joker style freaking
lunatic more like they're just silly men
in costumes and you know they really
haven't made much of a difference in the
world
okay yeah it's it's on me perpetually on
my list I have not read it
it's I'm the cluster one if that's what
the question is I'm Karen purchase
fiance this is my fiancee again actually
just wrote yes you don't say I'm
somebody's I wasn't I was waiting for
something to go wrong I was waiting for
a guy on the Skype didn't work or my
headset didn't work you know I don't
wanna say what Karen's gonna be here and
then you know I started streaming up
she's not she's not yeah I didn't want
that to happen so I didn't I didn't say
Karen will be streaming with me so I I
am playing a little March is adorable I
mean look at you you're like should be
obvious
well it's out definitely obvious that
it's Lego something unless you're
looking at it on a really small screen
and you can't see the block is how come
when they walk they don't get stuck to
the floor because that would give fun if
you want really slow how Lego people
have sex to like take off their hair and
stick their head in the back of
somebody's leg or in their foot I've
never wondered a little beat web sex
this thought never even occurred to me
and I wish it I'm still there but it's
there now you and thank you very well
thank you for that
anytime somebody asks what you thought
that watching did you see it yeah I
thought it emphasized the heroics too
much it was it was comfort to everything
the watchman's about like that that
scene in the jail when it's like there's
slow motion kicking people's ass that's
not what the watchman's of lego people
have Chloe yourself well you know those
little round one studded things those
are like those little coins right there
those are actually Lego people eggs
yeah they lay thousands of eggs all the
time then it's really kind of scary but
most of them don't survive wow they're
kind of creepy
they stick their heads in the bottom of
the other in the back of the other ones
legs to have sex and they'll a little
eggs all over the place wherever they go
yeah okay I won't tell dangle people do
it
hey the League of Extraordinary
Gentlemen that's that's that's Alan
Moore - right
hey this is yes none of these movies I
read none of these books but I always
mean - because they all now I don't
think the book has anything that I don't
think he has any minute sounds good and
vaguely I think that they took they took
the premise I think and that's probably
about it well that's probably good news
for Smurfette didn't she get like built
by Gargamel or something very so I think
so I always figured the Smurfs like they
have their debt their houses they like
somehow cooked hooked up to their houses
on the inside and then they just
released spores through their mushroom
houses and that's how they made more
Smurfs so so what you're saying is you
you actually thought about this here at
some point you ever wondered how Smurfs
I produced no I didn't even like I was
thought they were stupid
Oakham cares they they chef there's
snorts in each other's asshole that's
how Snorks reproduce they cook their
Snorks together
well okay but that's something doing it
doesn't you want to think that makes you
feel better so anyway it makes me feel
better yes
so what's it not much I'm playing this
game why in this game for I don't know
some we're gonna be here for eight hours
you can't I'm not just on it and I'm
definitely gonna need pee break you're
not gonna be here for eight hours own
energy drink I rearranged my schedule
for you I took a nap in the afternoon
but I'm off tomorrow
so have you seen this Smurfs mystery
Incorporated at all
ah this is mystery Incorporated you know
watch it it's really funny they just
took it off and well I like it if I
never yes because I think they they I
don't I don't think missed all the they
get into like the their romantic lives
like you know how ya like Velma's newly
jealous of Scooby and the Scoobies
jealous of Velma and Scooby like gets
all pissy when shaggy pays too much of a
too much attention
wait wait wait the romances okay okay
for a second I thought Velma was jealous
well she's just the relationship what if
his relationship with Shay of their
friendship and how much time
shaggy devotes to that relative to their
relationship really something that
happens it's it's just you know and they
make fun out of how the town is like the
most haunted town ever and and and they
the adults in the town or trying to sell
all these ghosts is like tourist
attractions but they're never real and
it's it's just it's good it's much
better than the original which
admittedly was cheesy as heck it's still
cheesy but it's much more self-aware
I will take your what you watch it I'll
have to watch it sometime I'm sure I'll
pretend I love it I'm sure it'll be cute
so it almost got the hots for Shaggy yes
and Daphne has the hots for Fred
no Velma Velma she should have higher
standards Velma is a smart woman and and
she doesn't need to be with some kind of
stoner idiot she's better than a toner
in the show I never feel him
oh yeah horsey is she like soon what can
I say why I don't know that's a pretty
good question
was I ever jealous that rich spend so
much time with Jack no it's great that
Richard you know and and and outside
interests I get a who he relied on me
for a hundred percent of his social
interaction that would be kind of weird
yeah yeah yeah hey Jack is fine everyone
day everyone hates Jack
everyone hates Jack you said everyone
likes jack but you don't keep a lot of
the index player on everything didn't
like me do my job I'm sure there's
somebody out there who hates me too and
whatever else but uh Jack Jake is a nice
man I've never I don't think anybody
picture trick yet you're on you're on
the unattainable
I'm sure there's like like telegin want
you to come to styling he's so
enthralled by you gotta get this is
Scotland Scots ancestry there somewhere
dad was doing that ancestry.com stuff
seems like some some of my scouts people
came over in like the 1760s pretty you
know I don't care at all about ancestry
I like like my descendants were where
they came from I it's kind of
fascinating I'd like to find out
something more interesting than sky land
that that sounds wrong but you know I
was wrong with Scotland but I have
interesting to find out oh you know
you've got ancestors that came over from
the South America in 1312 or something I
don't know but I think another white
girl
well what if you what if you just found
out you had ancestors I wouldn't feel
bad we'll see

[Part II]
wherever he goes yeah Karen confirmed
for what yes Karen is white as far as
she knows although she would be
perfectly fine with being something else
- I can't say something else instead
because I'm pale as heck
there's definitely got to be some white
in there but maybe something else that
would make life more interesting
no few people are as pale as you are
without having some albinism coloring
yeah next to you a little Sun I know you
can call me I'll bite over with a little
Sun I can't read and you've got brown
hair it's kind of precludes the albinism
but but nevertheless you're just tough
you're a skin cancer farmer it's a crop
that takes a while you got to give it a
lot of fun and of course it needs water
and food for a few decades but slowly
but surely here you're incubating a crop
of tumors and still nah I'll die okay
it's inevitable start getting cut off
they're like oh this looks suspicious
let's cut that off
oops that was your penis sorry that's
all right you all miss it it was just a
little right am I just I just I just
solved the puzzle huh
you're gonna cut off your penis that I
said I I said that they're gonna maybe
like oh whoops that was just a little
thing never mind
whoops that with your penis I said I was
just in here you know these people
taking anything you say you know T's
right I know you are they don't care
they'll think I'm huge you ever see
those shirts yes no never seen those
shirts yeah they sure know I haven't sam
hugeinjapan oh I get it
via a reference to dick size or height
it's Jenna oh sure especially all people
that figured it was yeah I'm average in
Japan I'm not too terribly tall person
silence sorry rich yeah well it's okay
I'm playing game hide and I'm good and
I'm not I just take doing a half-ass job
sucked out Erin's jerks just like it
sure could be a pro oh no momento you
you take you take your break
I guess that we're here for eight hours
now it's just me now you know you guys
are back to awkward silence how do you
like this awkward silence and then great
integrate when I don't know what to say
I forgot Captain America can walk
through fire what do you think in the
Lego game this is my amazing hey did I
tell you that rich hey dad did I tell
you that my mom's friend had her Westie
puppy over yesterday
this dog is we did the math this dog is
like a 30th the size of our dog they
were so cute together
yeah you you have a big goofy dog not
the puppy that got along great
yeah well your giant dog is one of those
fucking dogs that's totally
mild-mannered he's about as domesticated
it's just a good thing because if he was
mean he would be impossible because it's
large you can't have a big dog was me
yeah do we have a dog no I have a dog
yeah no it doesn't happen I'd call him
keV I'm sorry does he love scaring you
not actually technically my dog well I
think a richest cat allergy I guess it
matches up with my own cat allergy No
yeah I'm not as allergic to cats as he
is but about few people yeah yeah I like
cats though they're they're nice
critters but we're both allergic to them
so that pretty much
what's SNP snps of the way does it a
wiener dog it's not a wiener dog it's
not a dachshund dogs dogs into that's
better
dr. Mario and Tetris I I guess we'll go
for adventures where it's like a
role-playing game where you attack the
other animals Oh such Scottish national
powers with a stands for where you
attack creatures by spelling really long
words like 11 12 letter words and then
it instead of just going you know
excellent it feels like more often the
worm turns and they're like a wrecking
ball and the screen turns white and
different colors and the enemies explode
and it's delightful yes I
I considered streaming that but you're
too good you would spend you want to
spend like an hour trying to look
staring at the board to come up with one
amazing word and like yeah I don't think
it would be good entertain probably not
oh the weak like group play it we could
all tag-teaming me and you and everybody
in the chat thing first somebody would
probably yeah no you know I can't you
know we can't do that game would cheek
osteoporosis would be a perfectly lovely
word for that game but you know you
gotta use the letters on the board and
they're not always there it's a lot of
ease and old losing well not you might
not get plus it plus like P and R and
stuff those aren't really yes that adds
another thing that would be great but I
don't think it's word so it's got to be
in the dictionary and have weird exotic
letters
mm-hmm yeah that that I like
rollercoaster tycoon and The Sims
especially like the I for some reason
the old one frog fresh but yeah I love
rollercoaster tycoon and some of those
you know sandbox can usually build stuff
I like some of the some of the games I
like my kind of kid games admittedly I
like know what your girls like Animal
Crossing and I I used to be into a game
called
exact Lego Marvel Super Heroes let's
what game it is I used to be into a game
called dogs 5 where you could read
letters of virtual dogs and they had
like had their own genetics and you can
play with the puppies and dress them off
and take them on vacation yeah yeah I
yeah and you know Nintendogs and whatnot
yeah yeah I agree Animal Crossing is
honey but it could be better I think
they could
what are you open to classic like softy
original Super Mario Brothers and the
you know like that DS versions and
whatnot yeah I like a lot of the classic
8-bit games I know what one of these
days we're gonna have to stream me
playing monster party it's a game that
was originally supposed to be full of
horror monster characters like licensed
characters and they they couldn't get
the rights of whatnot and so they made
all they change the pixels and turned
all the characters and they're like
stuff based on Japanese fairy tales so
here and in other weird stuff so you're
fighting like tempura shrimp and wishing
wells throwing coins etching and it's
it's just and every time you eat a pill
you turn into a dragon it's a really
strange
my favorite video game system dan yes I
love the annulus oh wow you know I kind
of like my uh my Android tablet now to
another world world that's better is
that animal crossing I'm not familiar
with I'm not familiar with that one is
that no wait oh and dance on this world
I don't know what game that dances for
uh space channel 5 that was fun game set
if you like that you'd probably like
something like a dance dance revelution
have the power pant I use like wait how
could you how could you like space
channel 5 and not dance dance revelution
that is so good you have to be really
fast it pounding underneath okay oh not
sure what video game Laura's the power
glove oh god everything worse than the
power glove is the you force I never
actually had a power glove but I used
him the you force was terrible never try
to just wishful you look like a laptop
or like an open laptop and and it had
sensors and you waved your hand in front
of the sensor but like you're trying to
wave your hand in front of this sensor
for a and wave your hand in front of
that sensor for me and or up or down or
whatever it was just like he was like
trying to rub your belly and pat your
hand it was just the whole thing was
just like why why why don't I just use a
controller it's just like it's like it
was supposed to be like a new immersive
experience but it was like trying to use
a controller that sucked
it worked for punch-out yeah I guess I
can see that it might work for punching
at least there's something intuitive
about that you know other other games I
like to see over underrated games
adventures
punch out I think requires
lightning-fast reflexes I wouldn't want
a plug punch out or anything other than
a regular controller you need you need
good reflexes from that game very few
people head to you for somebody said
that's probably for the best
I might have mine somewhere you want it
oh god oh and then they had remember the
rocker at the rock and roller whatever I
never try that Hellena yeah it was less
material it was like a laser I do some
kind of thing that you stood up and like
swivel your hips to control that I guess
the d-pad yeah oh my god
so many gimmicks so many gimmicks
oh my any gimmicks the only ones that
were ever any good I mean the the the
what was the advantage or whatever it
was the the contribute the enjoy
joystick was good for games that work
with joysticks there was one I think was
called the max which had a slider things
for once once I got my hands in a
gamepad I never looked back to the
adjacent yeah yeah well there were no
games I used to play with a joystick
that after I hadn't been intended for a
while every my parents got me an NES
later he used to get me a Super Nintendo
because they said that then I wouldn't
play my NES games so I didn't get a
Super NES or anything beyond an 8-bit
NES until I was much older and I bought
my own weekend at which point it was
a song because it was you know two
systems ago or something but yeah I've
never played with the AI toy I've never
played with the what's the motion one
that they got now for the P for the PS
yeah the one on the Xbox that came back
but I had a as far as the NES I also had
what was supposed to be a trackball but
it didn't actually spin so it was like
you just held the ball and moved it that
thing kind of sucked so so I'm trying to
remember that I'm trying to remember how
to beat Doctor Octopus it's been a while
trying to think I had that I had the
power pad the power pad the power pad
was great for a explode which was kind
of like a whack-a-mole
kind of game it was all right for track
and field but really I'd rather just
play track but filled with Mike with my
hands heat shadows hey so any other chat
asked if you'd like support um do you
like swords ball I like baseball
what's a little hockey now and then rich
and I used to totally geek out about
minor league Frontier League baseball
like especially like yep you see yeah
yeah like you know geeking out about
stuff like the history of the frontier
league and teams that are no longer
teams that are now defunct and I noticed
that there's a college college summer
league team in their inaugural year was
last year we missed it but in Kenosha
now and then so I definitely want to go
see them this summer they probably
should be starting up in a couple of
weeks yeah because I know you know we we
actually were the kind of geeks who like
found where the Kenosha man is used to
play and just like certain of the old
thing let me tell you no stadium because
it was a place where one of the original
founding Frontier League teams of play
Kenosha it like sound like we're up
there just for that what were year is
deployed right what are the conditions
around going to different my two league
ballparks and minor league ballpark then
do a lot it for you early arts we've
been that we've been this party why not
one enough it's fun stuff let's see
which ones have we been doing we were at
the Kenosha Kings they're defunct now
gateway gateway Grizzlies in their minor
league baseball park or they're actually
their Little League baseball park they
have a four foot outfield fence they
joined Northern League and then they
came back its northerly folded the
Joliet jackhammers both when they were
in the we get very soon
we're working on but that yeah the
Joliet jackhammers and the those
Schaumburg Flyers who have different
name now and so do the jackhammers and
the Slammers now yeah their new theme
they just they just they just what I
like Louis Louis commonly a fan of the
fighting Whitey's because if we if we
can name all of our teams after for a
Native American players basketball team
who name themselves because there are so
many sports teams that are like oh the
Indians like mascot even worse Redskins
and you know but there are crazy sure
chief wampum wampum yeah yeah exactly so
they had all that stuff and so the
Native American team they came up with
the fighting Whitey's as their mascot
which was
terrific why not
it's a parody it's a parody that points
out the absurdity you the other one but
uh mm-hmm
yes it's richest fiance rich you should
have made that the title except the I
like you said just in case the stream
didn't work but this is a kid you
weren't gonna show up someone for some
reason and I didn't want to I'm good
yeah chief wahoo is way worse chief
wahoo was well like somebody said if
somebody did like I dressed as a priest
and did some kind of weird parody of a
Catholic Mass I would people like love
to see like a Catholic priest mascot who
ran around with like throw it you know
those guns the kids have only it would
shoot like communion wafers into the
stands Kerry you're dying out again very
quiet
I haven't even moved you came back okay
yes I did
so wait there's a woman yeah last time I
checked but uh but yeah we went to that
we went to the Grizzlies and went uh no
no that what was the one that the
Wildcats or whatever they're forgetting
the the several minor minors Mike well
butters entire reason for existence is
we need a team in our historic Park
their Park is like a year younger than
really Greg Lee historic bussy field
were they feeling parts of a league of
their own and they don't know they have
a team there but mostly the draws the
field we're rich and I were joking that
they would have like a a commercial for
it where they would just sub in the name
of the team like do it
later evansville utters where you can
get family and you start it's yeah we we
went and saw the we wouldn't saw the the
Thundercats play them down there
Thundercats Wrigley Field Wrigley Field
is hey you know I'm sure I'll make enemy
it just builds kind of falling apart
it's its historic which is all fine and
dandy but that's about all it's got
going for it well don't they finally
just start your animation to it really
pissed off the people who who had the
rooftop seedings I guess they're hurting
the review or something fuck them
but yeah I've been in regulating at
Wrigley Scotland I just it's a story
to say I really like where the Brewers
play and then that they can close the
roof if it's cold I mean yes I guess you
know you're a hardcore love the baseball
loving person you should sit out the
cold and freeze your ass off for the
team but you know what it's really nice
when they can just close that don't turn
your not shivering just enjoy the game I
have nothing against the Brewers I don't
I don't have any great love for them but
I don't ya know I mean I'm a Sox fan I'm
a like White Sox fan but the Brewers do
have the not the one they have now but
that's 70s logo that MB ball MIT thing
is the best look yeah why would you ever
give away any of that I love their old
logo they should totally go back to it I
guess like the team owners daughter
doesn't like it or something my dad
study
the problem is but my goodness it's
genius it's it's legibly
and it's clearly a ball and a mint and
it's great so you know people I have
yeah it's the best go go like an old
ship scholar Brewers hands and because I
love with that logo because I love that
logo so much and people will be like oh
you're a big Brewers fan and it's like
whoa I like them well enough I got
nothing against him but really I'm just
a really big fan of this logo correct
yeah they've got a real nice part Saks
Park is all right it's not as nice as a
Brewers park yeah I really will give it
to the Brewers they have a very nice
Park it's a Miller Park right no yeah
bushes where the Cardinals play I get
confused which beer named Park is which
and which cellphone company is which the
old that was one with the like a ship's
wheel wasn't it I get with my eyelets he
ILO TN oh oh oh I don't know if it's a
one I what I think it was it was pretty
nice I just know what the pirates I
missed their old hat pirates oh yeah
that weird during the weird flight yeah
we have to hand in the stripes around
especially the black version with the
yellow stripes I know I need that was a
nice hat I don't know why they went away
from it and he was different from
anything anybody else had do you think
the Blackhawks are gonna win it all I
guess the odds are against it but you
never know somebody's gotta win I mean
shoot the Evansville adders one do you
remember that for the year after that's
thick Jim's going over with nobody
I don't know they took the top two teams
from each division and they won the
whole series but uh because they were at
a really shitty division and so the team
that won the they're kind of
independent league championship actually
had a losing record but uh yeah you know
as far as the Hawks I mean somebody's
got it when they're down to what 14 is
now or a real retention don't be there
soon the Hawks won their series but I
think although you helps the parade so
yeah both people whether we went down we
went down for the parade and then and
then there was it was a nice hot sunny
day we went went out over by the river
and had lunch and it was a kind of
perfect day where it's a blue sky with
little fluffy clouds and I took all
kinds of nice pictures of the clouds
reflected in the buildings and it was a
great day it was a wonderful day so so
yeah even if the Hawks don't win we need
to make an excuse to to drive down to
Chicago and on a nice sunny day walk
around and go to that little cafe on the
Riverside
you know just actually to everybody you
watch the little did you watch the
Little League World Series rich no
was an amazing night I saw some of the
games my schedule is weird so I didn't
see as many as I'd like they had they
had some interesting characters so they
had that Michelle they had a young woman
who was like the best pitcher in the
league probably which is you know a
little bit unusual date to see a girl
playing as a pitcher in baseball as
opposed to softball for a change let me
know you know let me know just the
Jennie Finch but it's kind of neat Ricky
your Packers yeah well you are not
asking me that I know there's this
there's like they're fucking with me
basically when they ask that I know but
okay
fucking Packers fucking the fudge
Packers yeah but um oh where was I
I don't even remember what we're talking
about
yeah I'm not playing baseball pitching
then there was there was also that would
you think of that jackie robinson teen i
felt bad
this is nice it's a nice you know the
identity but i don't think you know
what's the kid the kids might not have
understood i feel what was going on
relative there might have been might
have known that they were playing from
different districts i don't know can't
blame them either way but i know they're
playing for that they weren't playing
from the right district they like two
kids from a wide a larger area than then
they should have to get better turn you
got you got a you got a wonder
occasionally i mean these kids small
swimsuit pretty arm well you got to
wonder some of these kids what do they
feed them you see the kids in the Little
League World Series and some of these
kids are like 6 feet tall they're
supposed to be 12 I'm like Oh bigger
these guys gonna be I mean maybe they're
gonna be 7 feet tall I don't know
there's a guy work was almost seven feet
tall I guess maybe he was six foot tall
when he was twelve who knows but still
whilst twelve-year-old boys I know are
like five foot two ninety pounds so I
had to pay mild attention to that puzzle
that was going on
for the most part of this lego game and
diverse forget things you just come
right back to life yo for small children
I'm playing a games Medford for babies
basically yeah sure but it's got spider
internet so I'm kind of a kind of a
casual gamer i like i like my plants
versus zombies and I like my trivia
crack and and words with friends and
used to be big into the farmville but it
got to the point where you couldn't do
anything without them wanting to you to
spend actual money as a screw it
the chat does not like the plant versus
our people have to I like you probably
enough for any two people what is this
Jan oh that's a hologram I was wondering
whether was a giant Lego man there no
yeah he is kind of big yeah farm villa
and silk are engineered to get you to
spend money after a while like it's
annoying it's gotten I'm so glad I'm so
glad you're not under that anymore
beautiful you you were before they let
you have multiple firms she used to use
my facebook so yeah and I made an
account named after my dog and then I
got a favorite dinosaur movie starring
Whoopi Goldberg is there a dinosaur
movie look at Goldberg Theodore Rex
they're asking because it's bad I think
that's funny
is it like good bad like a bad bad I
always kind of lame my handle bad that
it's it's not even that good it's not
even that interesting we we watch it
together yeah yeah I've seen it you
thought you thought it was like walking
with the dinosaurs she's gonna be so
disappointed
are you mean there it's like one minute
they're in the tundra and the next
minute they're in a jungle and then all
of a sudden William a mister building
the Great Pyramids and it's like what
Harvest Moon I've never really played
too much I know rich is a huge fan I
used to be the newer games suck but I
think that VV the earlier ones the one
for like the PlayStation and whatnot
just kind of a fun farming so yeah so
you guys had no on the PlayStation
grabbing fun farming simulator little
yeah historical dramas so much
historical dramas well we why'd we like
Rome that's been a few dinners we really
enjoyed Rome I need to watch that I need
to watch in its second season because I
don't know I don't know why I haven't
watched it yet we have books and
remember you bought it yeah we used to
be really into watching house which is
not historical anything okay I'm sorry I
had to figure out how to open a thing
but ender is amazing as fuck season 2 is
not as good as season 1 but like that
that big ball did you did you watch
season 2 without me basically because
you got sick of waiting for me let's
fight it's been a while do I like Star
Wars okay you know yes I'm not crazy
about it I mean it you know I'm sure
I'll make enemies but it seems kind of
over right they know they know what they
know how I feel about it so Star Wars
prequels to be honest I've only seen one
of them the other ones didn't really
look especially feeling house m.d. yes
but I think the fact that you didn't
want to see the other ones is telling
well nobody had anything good to say
about it Karen hit and you know have you
good no good start open star wars I know
anything good to say about it and and
you know I mean these were people whose
opinions I valued reasonably well and
there's just so much I mean with with
Netflix and and all the books I have
around and whatnot it's it's not I'm
never bored you know it's like I've got
more stuff more media to consume that I
could ever actually consume you know I I
mean like you know psycho zombie
apocalypse and I'm in the supermarket
and I've got a day to live you know and
I can't eat all the food so it just
seems like like a waste of time to watch
him they're probably horrible
and the original ones so yeah they were
kind of cute I liked him well enough why
when I saw him when I was a kid and I've
seen some of them again effect I
probably seen all of them again since
then at one time or another but hey
they're not my favorite so if I want to
watch Harrison Ford movie you said I'd
rather and yes I guess that's calling it
Harrison Ford movie and now to Mark
Hamill movie I think it's a Harrison
Ford movie star wars but I'd rather
watch the Indy movies I like those yeah
Indiana Jones is great all except for
Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Indiana
Jones all right
did you ever see I know I know we've
never watched it together but you
remember the young Gideon is adventures
watch when they were years ago and what
I remember I wanted to like him and they
weren't hideous but they weren't that
good either I was amazed that they found
a way to make Indiana Jones boring like
it takes work to make Indiana and
fucking Jones boring
what do you think of Indiana Jones as an
archaeologist as a plunderer do you
think that's thief he's definitely a
plunderer
the morality of like stealing the
ancient cultural artifacts of other
cultures they didn't know they didn't
know better back then I would think yeah
I I don't think if you have if you have
one then I must have the same one fine
you know obviously we have some kind of
accident any I don't think of you as
talking badly than I do
just curious well whoever said think
that they're digging mind Midwestern
accent thank you I do my best
so
she talked like somebody from Fargo I
don't work Fargo was at North Dakota or
something like North I think like normal
don't you know we have a different
accent and I really can't do it very
much Chicago yeah then from the Chicago
area and so is rich yeah yeah no suburbs
far south suburbs yeah not to be
confused with the south side of Chicago
which people historically think of as
being gobbles job fair view I've met in
my lifetime approximately one person who
talked like that
of course he was well the thing is like
the doubles the Bears thing was like the
south side and the south side you know
third for decades now is belittling
black people and Latinos and now yet
some of its starting to gentrify that
whole group of people who were like you
know polish and German descended people
who had the de Barras accent they just
burst a long time ago they're red and
you know far and white and the suburbs
and out and and they moved to Florida to
retire I difference between the Chicago
area accent and a and a Milwaukee accent
but I hear I know they like the same
bubbler instead of water fountain which
is the weirdest fucking thing I've ever
heard my entire life but they do it and
they see nothing weird I've heard of
called water fountains and drinking
gallons but not bubblers no I haven't
seen
bump bubbler they called the bother I've
never heard anybody say that I know that
big III know that there's like we say
pop and people and people in a lot of
places say soda people get uptight about
that even they just it's not just they
don't do it I think they get every when
you see pop I I knew this guy from New
York
my ex-boyfriend he came out this way
fifteen years ago no yeah long time
gonna probably more than fifteen yeah
more than fifteen nineteen new year's
time around 98 99 but he was from New
York exceed was from Long Island I
remember his mother was telling Rutger
Hauer was on Rutger Hauer and he sounds
like a drawing time yeah he was grateful
but huh oh yeah I guess at the time I
probably would've been happier if I got
to dump him but you know I'm glad that's
over with he wasn't sure he was kind of
crazy too but I'm not a good way but um
anyway he came over here and he went to
we went to Cub Foods because that was
when Cub Foods was still around here in
the Chicago area and they have the Isle
of the carbonated beverages and it said
pop on the sign any picture of it rich
is plain weird
yeah and I'm apparently stuck in here
not sure how to get out it just kind
hearted rich is good to be kinda scary
animals yeah and large animals and human
animals yeah yeah I'm kind of multiple
types of enemies solid popping can
though good
yeah do it I think the one I think is
funny is it like in places like Texas
they call it coke even if it's clear mmm
wait it was clear I'll have a call what
kind would you like we have 7up Orange
Crush yeah I mean here it you might say
coke but if you could say coke you mean
brown something brown
you mean Coke Pepsi RC you know I'll
have a coke is Pepsi okay not I'll have
a coke
would you like a 7up and Orange Crush
Orange Crush is that coke coke is brown
what what annoys me though is when I go
to our restaurant and I asked for a coke
and they say well it's Pepsi okay
and I just want to I just want to say
whatever and they'll still ask me yeah
like I love a diet I don't care which
one I don't care if it's coke I don't
care I don't care right
or you know some other species well she
she legitimately gets uptight about what
you like weirdest fucking thing okay so
we definitely have to make sure that if
she comes over here nothing sexy yeah I
love my sister but now she's nuts what
you're saying she's the second sainted
sister she's the middle sister yeah
she's a nice girl she's just oh yeah but
she is some extreme I he's the one who
remember than interrogating yep I just
meant to bring them up you tell the
story yeah I'll start I don't know if I
remember it exactly right but we were
talking about all of the Nintendo patent
their patent expired after 20 years or
seven years and whatever it is their
hardware patent I mean it's different
from the whole copyright thing on their
software in games the hardware patents
expect right the patent expires anybody
and their mother are perfectly free to
make more of them you know so you can
see around you know in video game shops
or whatnot you can find hardware that
will play nes game well because because
as a society we have decided that you
know after X amount of time you know
that these things shouldn't be eternal
and at some point everybody should is
society - but thanks to the Mickey Mouse
Preservation Act it's like the
corporation it's like a hundred 25 years
their wisest like the life of the author
Plus 70 years or 90 years or something
but anyway you can make Nintendo
hardware there's nothing illegal about
it you can buy units that will play NES
cartridges all over the place and rich
and I were talking about about some of
these things some a little play Nintendo
games and Super Nintendo games yeah NES
on a chip exactly it's wonderful and and
we said something about it and his
sisters like well that's illegal
we said no it's not because the patent
expired on the hardware and she's like
it's not illegal well it should be
remember this is this is a woman who
white choice became a Mormon by choice
this is quite as bad
there's David Cassidy wait scooby-doo
does somebody see scooby-doo is coming
to Lego oh my god I would is it gonna be
a is it gonna be a Lego game cuz then
lose your shit I would totally lose my
shit not only would I have to buy the
game but I would have to buy the
merchandise and the clothes and maybe
the soundtrack here
oh dear God as you as you as you ship
the ocean the Book of Mormon I kind of
wonder about it it was like like his
special glasses and the angel
translating and stuff do they put that
to music they they taste the route of
what's the name of the city in Illinois
it's got a weird name oh they tore out
of that that town in Illinois and they
chase them out of a lot of towns this is
what I ended up in Utah it's a weird
town in Illinois did they chase them out
of there set to music
do they like kill Joseph Smith and bring
him younger whatever set to music and
then lose a Salt Lake set to music the
Book of Mormon the music will or is it
just about like like Jesus and Indians
hanging out or something Nauvoo Illinois
I didn't while there I knew it was in my
head somewhere yeah I have no idea what
the Book of Mormon Mormon play is all
about
you hate Illinois Nazis are there like
and there might be some in southern
Illinois
I'm sure there's some oh that's nuts oh
brother seems just like a saying that
you know people will know we're not
seasoned this
it's a navoo I think actually I think
it's a vu with a V and a vo it's where
they somebody is making a reference to
some kind of accessories set but now I'm
making a reference to a place where they
Mormons originally settled in Illinois
and where they have developed a temple
in recent decades
people because people know that I am an
atheist but just to clarify you do go to
church correct yeah so I don't I don't
hate on everyone whose religious other
may disagree with me but I I think it
shows a somewhat of a lack of faith in
God when you think it's entirely up to
you to convert everybody else I think
God's got it I I say I think God can if
God wants to convert the rich she's
perfectly capable of doing it before or
after his death give your best shot it's
a good barometer for my sobriety whether
or not I I'm willing to let people pull
me into discussions of religious
conversion and stuff but I'm you know
I'm open-minded I've got friends who are
Christian and friends who are Jewish
political II correct way of people say
they figure there's elephant people
that's if they say agnostic there's a
day I don't know rather than saying I'm
pretty sure there isn't because they
don't want ya know I'm and I you know
I've known people who are behind kind of
little known will be a Catholic wedding
technically I am yeah I had no choice
the it came like confirmation time and I
got into like a three-day long argument
with the family about it I didn't want
anything to do with it I I wasn't a
believer I knew I wasn't a believer and
you know you think that's the ultimate
thing that really should be your even
that's the whole point of the ceremony
you choose to be yeah I believe yes I
believe right
and it was like a three-day argument
eventually I relented because I swear to
God I thought my grandmother was going
to have a heart attack
there's a guy fine rich so it was a
complete college it is a shotgun
confirmation other pictures that also
against my will how does signed up for
that right I don't know
this practice like address right like a
little girls dress bra which your altar
boy costume rock that koala frog
practice of undergarment particular well
okay anyway yeah I want to see you and
your little altar boy attire hey I'll
ask my brother if he has old photos I
don't even know of any old photos exist
but if they do you were usually hope
you're kind of a funny lucky baby and
that one bit funny funny-looking baby
cute kid no ugly ass adult oh god yeah
okay you get I don't think he was a sexy
altar boy he was like a cute little
innocent altar boy and as far as Rich's
afterlife I don't believe it's not what
the son of the father said that's not
you right
so you know what then we're talking
about my atheism but apparently
apparently I am a true believer it's
true believer in what I I got enough
coins in Lego Marvel oh it's a Stan Lee
thing if you're gonna know if you get if
you get a set amount of coins you you
get it says true believer and then your
coin thing flashes and you you you it's
like it's like it's like getting over
par and in golf or under par okay how do
i what am I supposed to do next there's
the thing I'm obviously there's
something I'm supposed to do this thing
for any other sport besides golf where
you you want to get the lowest score
possible
Scottie
I'm not sure what that would be though
yeah I don't know either
that's a good question no sucker you
want a high score you want to score
goals are you sure you think they almost
never do I'm assuming they don't wants
to sarcasm first of all you're digging
at me I played soccer in high school I
think it was a four word dissipate in
that sort of thing
scoring so all right what am I supposed
to do
sorry Ken I'm kind of internet impasse
in the game was there something I can
build here darts you try to get try to
get more points of darts you get it's
like a set number of them I don't
necessarily know that it's a low score
it's like you what you don't you want to
get as close to but you don't want to go
under or over X amount of points
everybody's saying that yeah you know
okay
motorsport I I don't know how they score
that yeah who know is a good example
Russian Roulette yeah it's only one
point you have we don't want to get it
you have to get zero
the Stanley I don't know it's it's hard
to explain it's it's a game but it's
more of an experience than a game you
have to get zero under I'll show you
I'll show you some time I'd stream it
but honestly everybody the Stanley
parable is something you should probably
just experience on your own you don't
want to watch the stream and spoil it
see if I talk about the Stanley parable
okay we'll just spoil shit and it's a
game you don't want that for if you go
to steam
there is a free demo
for the Stanley parable check it out
it'll give you an idea of what the
Stanley parable about a shower do nine
months well I get it I get it I mean I
don't yet it goes around and that
amniotic fluid but it's not like they
change that stuff out every day what
types of music do I like I like classic
rock I like them that what would be
called Americana I like me some John
Prine and had some some Gillian Welch
and and you know the usual classic rock
stuff but they play on the usual Clear
Channel stations I like the you know the
90s alternative stuff that I grew up
listening to I like old country but not
so much the more recent stuff I don't
know what I'm doing here this is bad I
like some reggae now and again Rock City
completely stuck in this game I don't
know I hate I hate bebop and Rocksteady
yeah and you don't like Bob Marley
either it's somebody did that somebody
did I somebody leaked me yesterday oh I
like Johnny Cash rich even like Johnny
Cash hurt like hurt I want some of the
stuff I don't know everything I made has
ever done is he making yep cuz he old
that that's good a big night ourselves
ways or way more like like you you know
you can easily believe that Johnny Cash
has been hurt
whereas Trent Reznor he was like what 24
I heard myself what do you have a point
about you're a rich boy star it's just
it's just it just annoys me
yeah but yeah I don't know what happens
to do isn't like I'm starting a fire
though the one that everybody jokes is
supposed to be a preparation age
commercial jingle for sure well I don't
think that's a joke I think his widow
had to stop talking happening after he
died they wanted he is that's what I've
heard
no though the Ring of Fire preparation-h
boy named Sue has a special meaning for
me my grandfather's nickname was Suzie
he was a big fan of that song hello dad
before before my mom's always talked
about it oh speaking of Bob Marley and
yeah he isn't the I'm sure he's not the
best ringer he's the best known I like
his legend album I don't like everything
he's done but I like some of it and the
the anyway somebody leaked me recently I
haven't had a chance to listen to the
whole thing but it's a reggae version of
Radiohead's Ok Computer
I love radio on it and it that's fuckin
genius did his wife die first
I don't know Johnny Cash's why I think
she did like June Carter Cash whatever
name was he did three albums after he
died well it's just sure I'm sure Bob
Marley's had many more than three albums
after he's died Kurt Kurt Cobain's put
out a couple to
don't know what I'm missing here oh wait
there we go I thought I jumped on that
already in any case I think I figured
out what I need you to present a live
album the live unplugged album is the
best album devon has done yes I think I
think we've even talked about that
before yes I like your other albums -
but unplugged as the legend is a
compilation so what's so what's the
other one oh I'm natural mystic that's
when I was trying to think of it's got
that song time will tell on it that's
just beautiful the ones got the lyrics
you think you're in heaven but you're
living in hell it's so pretty you you
know far more about music than I can and
I have a good mind filler because
somebody says that her vinyl I think
nirvana is unbearable unless they were
saying that that the other ones they had
the uh so had the the muddy banks of the
wish Co which wasn't as good it's also a
live woman yeah incest aside is not the
best album I like their meat puppet or
not meat puppets they have Vaseline
covers on there the Vaseline is album
actually this is font - and so is the
meat now it's album that not that album
not not me folks - that's my favorite
lyric I can't think right now there are
a lot of songs that I love I really love
jerk and Thom Yorke's song I've seen it
all you know with part where she's she's
just world weary and he goes in it to do
I hadn't even have you ever been to
Niagara Falls she goes I've seen water
its water that's all I did you know like
standed don'ti a song or something
you know uh songs with good lyrics I
like John Prine John Prine lyrics rattle
i-i'll of the song angel from Montgomery
so good I'm just gonna I'm gonna update
people who weren't here earlier the
voice you're hearing is will find rich
Evans I think most people here know that
the other voice is my fiancee is carrot
now didn't you see Marilyn Manson where
they were starting to be a thing when
they were on their Antichrist they were
just starting it wasn't before cuz I
remember when you when I glad they were
as light in case you mean they were like
medium sized venues I saw him two nights
in a row in Chicago and Milwaukee and
that was that was for their Antichrist
Superstar tour and you know they put out
it right but I think tiny or isn't it
you know I mean maybe a thousand people
opacity you know they would think they
were small venues this was back in oh
goodness
mid-90s and mhm they put on a really
good show you know I mean they just had
you know good stage craft it just it was
fun I liked it
I remember I remember you were playing
was really loud my ears were ringing
like vault eyes my ears were ringing all
night long I really probably should have
wear ear plugs
do I like Weird Al Yankovic hell yes
rich and I saw him in concert the friend
of ours at yeah there was a Navy Pier
and he put on a great show he had on a
fat suit and all kinds of stuff you know
oh god yeah it wasn't young actor but
every fucking song was a costume change
I thought the man was gonna die when he
danced to the fact he didn't help not
though it's too bad about his parents
how - he heard about that right they
both died of fire
yeah few years that wasn't that like I
know he he he before him like they're
like the day after because he felt
obligated something weird to your story
you know if it makes you feel better to
keep on keepin on than keep on keepin on
but I think
will understand if you cancel them or
their parents died of fire but yeah yeah
oh my god I like I was a hopes how long
and after I don't know
he died from co2 co2 is carbon dioxide
you kind of like steel carbon monoxide
that's usually where people die oh well
something like that yeah it was probably
carbon monoxide which is not co2 @co
not to be a pain in the ass you can die
for these Co is is the one it's all
toxic yeah carbon monoxide yeah see oh
we weren't going off that whole time but
I've known Karen since we have a joke we
weren't a couple bad guys I don't know
use no pain actually the first time I
met her was a gym class sophomore here
this is this little I'm agree I remember
you heavy well the way I'm sure I saw
you alone we live here in high school we
weren't friends but our friends we were
we just didn't have any more answers
together friends were our friendships we
really should have been closer and known
each other better than we did our
friends overlapped extensively but we
never really had any classes so we never
really got to know each other that much
until after high school but we were like
you know orbiting you the same yeah yeah
whatever we did hang out oh yeah library
yeah I was just a Jane of all trade I
liked everything I was done that it was
in the newspaper and I played soccer and
I did multicultural Club and this that
yeah I tried to stuff it all in
I liked high school I hated the school
before I split but I enjoyed high school
one out yeah
a lot of people might feel that now we
weren't highschool sweethearts who would
have made good sweethearts but yeah they
were so sweet friends or friends ago are
all friends well you know we've always
got along well with each other's friends
you know rich rich and I are similar
kind of people we were both kind of
bleeding hearts soft touch people you
know we were both we both the said the
same thing is I think we're each the
same as people yeah yeah we both have
friends who are work said church than we
are for sure but all of her friends are
nice people we get along with each
other's friends we like we both like
geeky things we don't like all of the
same kinky things but there's definitely
overlap that all the red letter media
noted the same is good enough yeah I
mean me and Mike dick J&J; grew up and
Rockford yeah but I spent his whole
childhood in Rockville but I know
Rockford yeah I assume he's from around
here original doesn't he certainly
doesn't have any kind of accent that
would suggest that he just moved here
from Texas or something he right he's
been there the whole time I've bought
him
Jax confirm crazy somebody's let's Jack
seem standing up to me I think so is my
yeah and so is Jack well certainly
certainly out of everybody we knew in
high school yeah everyone we knew in
high school yeah they're all nice people
by the way I decide to talk about
anybody from high school yeah change
names I've made that up I've made that a
point if I'm talking about somebody
who's not been on camera yet I like my
other ex ex ex Jay are like your friend
Linda who's who's very neurotic and and
had that friend Betty who stole her her
boyfriend yeah the worst thing that a
friend of Mines friend who was never my
friend
we're get into that in a second Betty
what Betty had was having a romantic
issue with her online boyfriend and and
so Linda decided that she would play
relationship counselor and next thing
you know Linda has stolen Betty's man
and is telling Betty about their sex
life but how good it is yes Oh your
boyfriend by the way he's a good leg
dude to get out she could teach you
friends with the ship I have no idea
where she goes small window her
self-esteem present Betty well Jeff
Manorville the offended party had no saw
a party later went to the other ones
wedding with a different man actually
and the offended parties mother was like
oh you going to the wedding and I said
nah and I'm always really nice but I
just said no I don't like her
she was she was horrible remember you
remember we're playing Trivial Pursuit
and I was teamed up with a bitch and you
were teamed up with with Linda whatever
and she wouldn't listen to any of my
answers and they were always right no
remember that well I think I think the
answer is such-and-such and then she
would she would answer something else
something I was right and it happened
over and over and over again and even
though I was technically losing I was
smiling on the inside her father was
like a teacher or something and I think
she thought that she was like always
gonna be in every case the smartest
person in the room and it's like you
know you're pretty smart hey you know
you were at least her equal and I think
she just couldn't grasp that you know
hey she's a smart girl but she's not the
smartest girl in the entire world
certainly doesn't know everything and
she was just totally unwilling to to
take any suggestions from anybody else
the idea that other people might know
things she didn't know you know that
necessarily more or less but different
things yeah okay I just remembered she
was saying that she was playing some
game with somebody and like they had
never played it before she showed no
mercy oh that was weird playing Settlers
of Catan for the first time is you me
and it was you me and Betty and Linda
and I was I was winning and and
she was just like manipulating you to so
she could win against me I guess you two
weren't that familiar with the game and
she was she was she was mid Shaney she
was definitely being Shady
I didn't know high school Mike high
school Mike I'm sure he was your typical
16 year old boy I didn't really know
they were buddies they used to they used
to make movies with with like talking
fruit and stuff for our class those rich
was an art class nerd
I took art senior year I don't know why
I didn't take it more I mean I loved
that class but I finally took it I
shouldn't take it for 4 years I mean the
weather was nice they just let us go
outside and draw oh what's that - like I
know worst thing in the morning and I
would just hang out and draw and you
know I'm not a terrific artist but I'm
good enough that I don't embarrass
myself you know certainly above the 50th
percentile and the ability to just draw
things realistically so it was fun
I really should've taken it more and
riches rich isn't very good visual
artist but I would see you certainly but
the game is not letting me build the
thing I need to build up or when when
you were I was not about anyway when you
were you're very creative you've got a
warped sense of humor and with your
intent when you're in practice you're
probably probably
oh there's a scent of a cabbage
population and ability to draw
realistically would you agree with that
that that when you're when you were in
practice that you were probably in the
top 10% of people even skill for drawing
realistically I mean not not the top
thousandth or you know let's have 1% or
something but you know you're they're
pretty good yeah drawing people drought
you do have you did a drawing when
tested for a class that was like half
moose and a half Amur that I was just in
love with to answer a question in the
chat see if it's the same Betty and
Linda from the pizza story and actually
for that story you have to reverse
Finland actually Betty wasn't involved
as Linda the one who was the wounded
party and another white friend story it
was kind of was kind of the edge and a
pizza story yes Rory was you know with
if you ever have a bunch of people over
and you're getting pizza and people are
talking about what ingredients they want
just the Chiefs everybody will eat
cheese because the otherwise it's like
trying to do some kind of weird
mathematical equation yeah we'd like one
that's
there's pepperoni and sausage 118th
pineapple and sausage one girl said I
just want cheese and we said okay we'll
order some that's just cheese and then
another girl was like well you know I'm
gonna die if I don't have somebody
that's hey about it so we ordered some
with ham ID for her and she won get to
Sam it was pineapple she won eight the
key is that she had to have ham and the
other girl said please I just don't want
anything out and and she she didn't even
touch the one she wanted cheese and the
other girl said you know what I just
want cheese so you know if you ever have
a bunch of people over my advice is that
Jack sounds different Jack had a sex
change and a name change now Dexter you
have Warner oh sorry I thought you were
like shocked oh my god but uh yeah
so but yeah you know if you ever have a
bunch of people over I like pineapple on
pizza and I like mushrooms on pizza and
I got a plug in my tablet
kro care like battery juice let me plug
in okay let me plug it in over there
sometimes it doesn't like the other
charger air all right now it's plugged
in London

[Part III]
if ever can you say just say it's true
we really just it's true we really do
okay that I don't think I have no idea
what I'm free
no no I that's fine that's fine
laughs I didn't just say I you know I
eat babies or I know sacrifice kittens
to the spaghetti monster or something
okay you know what the black part of
this game is run why that game is being
halted little Lego Ironman here the best
part of that game is smooth being Hulk
and smashing things and they fall apart
into a big shower Lego bricks but I'm
flying
yeah those lots of games where you fly
how many games do you get to base
Incredible Hulk smashing things and
turning them into Lego brick this this
is a pretty good flying actually I'm
gonna say all said and done this game
does superhero flying justice it's it's
a flight suit
do you have what did you decide to do
about your axes like remember you were
talking about how you're used to punting
mm-hmm Oh flipping I flipped I flipped
to what most people consider maman
explain to them what you're talking
about because they're probably confused
they probably think that you'd like went
gay or straight or something but no
think they know they don't they used to
play it like in real accumulating no
dial up is down why yeah
you Karen say oh my oh my nothing to
gether you got doing like oh I should be
ashamed because that wasn't as high
pitched as I am when I do it
Thank You Elvis tells us he says we're
great together or wonderful well yeah
we're totally awesome together we're
total nerds together yeah and we we
agree and agree to disagree on religion
we see eye to eye on politics
we're both Sox fans because you know
around the Chicago area people do people
who aren't from here may not realize
that Sox fan to Cubs fans it's like a
red state blue state thing it's like a
mixed nerve there's no coexistence no no
both nobody cares is both we went to a
Brewers Cubs game and rooted for the
Brewers anywhere like a wave of way from
Chicago as soon as they hear we're from
Chicago they go Cubs suck and we're like
we know so now I'm gonna from anywhere
that's not near Chicago I make sure that
I wear Saxton
because everybody is like oh you know
you're from Chicago you must be a Cubs
fan know this the Statue of Liberty just
like matter didn't use me Michael those
minifigs are they've got some awesome
ones wait which one's what they've
they've made some odd think they have
her they've got a lot of awesome many
things now like you know the collectible
ones I mean Hulu
Oh awesome okay you know what's the
singing the maestro it's name is
saluting me because I'm trying to think
about it I think like something a
Hawaiian like a hula hoop but no dancer
I've actually never read any of you know
what I'm guessing a lot of people having
just a lot of what I'm guessing a lot of
haven't it's like I got a turn in my
geek card solo that would be awesome
I would love a clue lobe you have like
its head on one end or the whole thing's
green and has tentacles coming off of it
but those would stick things and you
could call it a Cthulhu whoo and an old
wad butter it old wand you didn't play
this game much no I did did you ever get
that flick free run around the city in
the hole what's that black and white
things I'm just wanting to know no it's
I saw a thing on Facebook where it said
Beetlejuice - is that just something
somebody made or they actually make a
month Photoshop are they actually making
a sequel and if they are does it have
Michael Keaton well they couldn't do one
without Michael Keaton I further talked
about making one I don't know what your
sequel thing coming out
I don't care I don't care at all it's
not a Ghostbusters movie it doesn't have
Harold Ramis dan Aykroyd and Bill Murray
in it it's not a Ghostbusters movie I'm
still curious about it hmm that's fine I
don't know that I don't know if that's
anywhere near being done but I totally
don't care we're gonna name I don't know
what you get 8 yeah like I just hope
picks up a thing he's like some kind of
big build up yeah I know I know I know
these hopes on a rampage it's great also
do ya yes I think they made another lego
indiana jones to italy pocket everyone
he pisses to i played through the first
one
have you played Incredible Hulk ultimate
destruction rich long time ago I mean my
time video game as much no chance is
relatively limited I mean I do know not
to be some kind of gender stereotype but
yeah I'm not a huge gamer I like you
know some of the old 8-bit games I like
casual games I like sandbox games you
know imagine imagine Grand Theft Auto
with the Hulk and you can destroy any
building if that's what you want to do
they need to make another Crazy Taxi do
they I mean they've kind of they've kind
of done what Nate everything they can
with crazies and the best they could do
is no but they could make it you know
like you can kind of go underwater and
you can kind of go in the subway they
need to have like more places where you
could explore and pick people up maybe
cross at the sound
okay that sounds insane this crazy taxi
zombies yeah try to rescue people from
zombie you can pick them up before the
zombies can get on I don't I don't know
I know a lot of people complain about
zombies being played yeah yeah thank ya
are you still watching The Walking Dead
oh I don't mean to sound like a wimp but
I stopped watching it because it gave me
bad dreams yeah really
I see me I got tired of always dreaming
about most of the work like nightmare
nightmares exactly maybe they were more
sad like I dream that you were infected
with zombie germs and stuff you know
it's like the pace of ego that's so much
that I was terribly afraid that zombies
we're gonna get me right now but like
you know yeah
so I kind of stopped watching plus it
got like so violent it's not that I
think that you know violence in movies
is gonna ruin us all or something but it
was like to the point where you know
like you watch them like 50 zombies
gonna get a pike through the eye socket
each episode and it just gets kind of
that's it wait well you you know you
could certainly watch it I've seen the
first three seasons incomplete for I
think it was three in their entirety I
can't tell you why I haven't watched
past the first few episodes I like
zombies I like the show some reason I
haven't watched more than the first few
dates you know it's okay I haven't seen
Breaking Bad everybody tells me it's
great I think you ain't told me it's
great I just haven't done it yet
I want to know I wanted to start
watching it won't happen to us I'm like
everybody says this is what are we
watching time one less less time we went
out of watching bin it was we watched
like all of Gotham that was none current
yeah yeah well I can sit there and binge
watch something all day you can't do
that you can't you can't do more than
like two episodes at a time know what
That's not me at all I can sit there I
can sit there and watch I know
stop I don't even know why half the time
like I still haven't seen all the weeds
but I haven't Oliver laughs yes
sometimes you I don't you why not show
and I I I keep thinking I well one of
these days I'm gonna watch it I just
never do probably gonna die with all
this stuff I meant to watch it
hmm I watched a few episode of war just
a new black I thought it was decent I
haven't really watched anymore yeah I
have to see you near that we had heard
mixed reviews yeah mixed white you heard
all that or but where have you heard
somebody where have you heard somebody
say anything bad about that shot I'm the
only one I know that said I still liked
the show but I'm the only one I know who
said anything negative about that show
people hate so this is my online geek
Lily friends or much bigger geeks than I
am yeah I mean I'm a small time geek
what do they say bad I'm curious what
their complaints were I don't remember
parent contrast but I know it wasn't all
positive I didn't really paid that much
attention or understand exactly what
their references to things were because
I hadn't seen any of them how about if
you want Asian Peggy Carter no I like
that her name is they call it agent
Peggy Carter not just agent a harder
harder yeah but her name is tank okay
okay she's the one she's the the old
timey Captain America I love it I beg
you right now as a Second World War
late forties yes okay
she has a cameo on The Avengers 2 yeah
did you see that CD yet I I heard I
heard a number I didn't say I refused by
and I heard one review that said you
shouldn't watch it sober
which I assume was a bad review my final
opinion is fine I didn't love it more
than anything that was entertaining the
kind of thing that if my goodness is one
if one of my girlfriend's wants to go
see it I'm cool with that otherwise I
can also wait until it comes out you
know red box or something - it's
something I got to see admittedly is you
know I really want to see that picture
it makes suck but I really want to see
that Pixar movie I'm really looking
forward to that with the girls emotions
I think you're allowed to like Pixar
movies I don't think anybody walked it I
mean that one it seems like a cheesy
concept but I'll bet it's cute well it's
Pixar though hey lately they've they've
kind of lost in touch oh I'm the bay
backs
I'd say well it's a Pixar movie but that
I don't think there is the same way to
do big hero six five years ago but up
was fantastic yeah that was that was a
long time yeah I had to pull up my
mother I was talking about you know
squirrel my name is Doug do you know and
I've just met you and I love you and she
didn't get the reference I haven't you
seen off and she said no and I'm like
you need to see off I pulled that video
of course she thought dog was cute
because Doug is adorable I think they
they they captured the essence of
dogness there the way they captured the
essence of see Goldust and Nemo right
Frank right all of their Louie's are not
for me but yeah generally I still when I
see that it's Pixar I generally have a
positive and there's opinion of
something maybe we can forget it it's
it's still a brand that I think is
positive Association
they're not perfect but they think they
had Wally Wally was great
that was relatively recent I mean yeah
I'm probably like five years ago now or
something
hmm yeah exactly how did the smack
that's not that's not a recent what was
the what was the last good Pixar movie
up what movies have different since then
big big hero six brave is fine was all
right they did musters amplitude they
did have cars to was there other sequels
and they had like twenty or eighty six
and a half so sorry three I think
towards three three - for making an
Incredibles gonna do yeah I'll go see
yes because I love the animals one so
much I'm just saying I think Pixar's in
the fourth a bit of a slump but they've
got enough you know they have had enough
hits and they've had some hits
recently enough it's the movies that
weren't bad recently enough that I what
I see that there's a Pixar movie coming
out that I want to see it you know
unless I hear from horrible things about
it you know right when it comes out I'm
probably gonna see it in the air exert
versus DreamWorks you thinking I'm so
bad at remembering who does what Shrek
I don't know a bunch of shit Shrek it'll
go Coraline Coraline was great was it on
you saying it with Leica doesn't like
the ones that did what was that kid
ParaNorman her at home it was great
I love yeah I think so
and I love that that book who didn't
also like moving with the with the like
the mexican day of the dead people now
it came out last year around Halloween
I look it up but that that was quality
really liked it music composed by yadda
yadda yeah
it's a page
come on Rotten Tomatoes today what the
run Tomatoes page so I'll probably tell
me who it is
shadow saying book of why yeah oh here
we go I am DP that probably has it
directors writers stars animation
adventure well how did they tell you
they made it cast crew technical specs
release States box office business how
hard is it to find out what animation
studio made it very
Guillermo del Toro
is that that but who's the animation
studio who's the enemy Olivia who did
who did maybe maybe it was something new
was that by Warner Brothers animation
that was watching it was artistic genius
that's the best Pixar place really you
couldn't have gone before we left
it wasn't even The Incredibles
no it wasn't even ParaNorman which is
fucking awesome the way I said wasn't
even makes it something like The
Incredibles is lesser I don't mean it to
sound like that without containing any
licensed superhero it's also a good
James Bond you know still I think one of
my you want to talk about up animated
movies like I guess not really CGI
movies I think Roger Rabbit might be one
of my favorite of all time
oh yeah Roger Rabbit is existence
tonight so bad with names the Haskins
Robert Roger Robert Haskins Bob Haskins
whatever it was death by Bob Hoskins
husband's I mean he was from England
they had an English accent when they
interviewed most most famous for playing
murder for the Roger Rabbit role just
Bob Hoskins yeah I have so much respect
for somebody who can play that off like
he's interacting with another character
and he's you know there is no rabbit
they had it added later
well that's every more yeah Aaron let's
you can have two marbles human Biggs
Katherine the odds are one of them's
gonna be CGI for ya thank you I should
be a tool you know it's got a little bit
better but for a long time it was like
let's see how many schools we can have
no and it's like what about storing them
I mean you get when you get excessive
and you do things just because you can
it's a horrible remake of flight of the
Phoenix oh my god
why haven't since I haven't even
bothered with the remake because it
looks like there's a shootout babies are
like workers most of them work as plays
it's all about the character the
dialogue do you want do you want to well
do you want to sell the chat on the the
the Jimmy Stewart's I think Ernest
Borgnine that's hardy Hardy yeah you can
explain that Rudy these people because I
don't think crash in a small place right
and I think it's what the Gobi Desert
they're in the desert yeah there's great
and the one guy he has some knowledge of
and I'm not gonna spoil how he does how
he knows this or what not but he's he's
German and he's he's a very cold
calculating intellectual kind of guy got
glasses he's an asshole
he doesn't have basically people skills
but he knows the clash and they're
talking it they're like they're like you
know people are I don't want to spoil it
but he's calculating for how many people
if the planes gonna need to hold and
he's not even counting the people he
thinks they're gonna die oh well they're
gonna die anyway and stuff I mean he's
just you know we think I think this many
people will still be alive when I
finished this plane and we're gonna
build this plane and and and and then
there's Jimmy Stewart who was like the
let's go the emotional end of
and he's we're talking about flight of
the Phoenix yeah he's from Germany and
he's a German stereotype and and it's a
great movie it is just just great
yes it sings great hey man you shouldn't
see the remake because the remake sucks
because they just thought oh we'll stick
some CGI in it it's like it's like
they're gonna go and remake Arsenic and
Old Lace and put explosions in it just
because no this needs this drama needs
yeah I've seen which flight of the
Phoenix the flight of the Phoenix that
came out in like the 50s with Jimmy
Stewart and Hardy Kruger and the it's
original classic was one I'm pretty sure
this board nine comes up a lot for some
reason have you seen ours to make an Old
Lace rich yes that's it it's a movie
yeah what's the guy's name
the crazy guy he's our Laurie Peter
Lorre is a plastic raisi
yeah Mark Hudson right wasn't my cousin
in there but anyway it's a this guy goes
to his crazy aunts house and there's the
whole family is crazy and and the uncle
he's down in the basement he thinks he's
a Theodore Roosevelt digging the Panama
Canal and the ants are poisoners and the
and the cousin is a criminal who's got
Peter Lori's character to do plastic
surgery on them all the time a dr.
Strangelove remake I don't know I don't
want to know let me let me live in my
ignorance rich oh yeah yeah
matrix seems like a pleasant enough
place to live it's not perfect I mean
yes they had to make it a certain level
of sake they talked about that but you
know it's better than the level I'm
sucky when they're into the whole
reality thing so yeah let me have my
matrix
I'll explain this again because I think
I think I've talked about this before if
I was given the the red bill red pill
blue pill choice right which was told a
wish I think anyway I would take the
pill I think the red pill was the one
that made you see reality as it was and
the blue pill was where he woke up and
he you know was back in his normal life
okay I would have I would have taken the
red pill then I would have gotten to
Zion saw the this the slum with the The
Rave going on and I would have I would
have instantly regretted my choice and I
would regret it for the rest of my life
I would I would want the blue pill so
bad I would be I would be
what's-his-face who tried to sell me
I'll be back in the matrix yeah yeah I
mean yes it would be nifty if you could
I don't think you can take both holes at
work so I don't think it works that way
but you know you know it'd be nifty that
you can download kung-fu into your brain
in 15 seconds but not work
you'd rather have agent agent Smith run
your world a tinsmith that the actor he
did a good job mr. Anderson
I liked that yeah yeah but yeah I would
not wanna if the world is as fucked up
as it is in the matrix I don't want to
know about it if it's fuck if it isn't
as funny know if it's fucked up in the
same way that it is in the matrix then
the world's fucked up in such a bleak
aliens are enough I don't want to know
don't want to know
I'm like half paying attention again I'm
doing bad because I see we've become
gained circle we're talking about spoons
made of gallium and now we've gotten in
the matrix
now we're talking those pores yes I mean
you know there I guess there is no spoon
in real life I mean matter is a really
strange thing it's all weird energy
fields and attraction and repulsion and
every time they find a different
subatomic particle there's more
subatomic particles inside of that one
and maybe the whole universe is 2d maybe
the whole universe is inside of a black
hole so reality is pretty strange but
you know it's not even that's not even
touching string theory it's all very
strange so I guess there is no spoon but
it's convenient to agree that we're all
gonna pretend that there's a spoon
because otherwise they probably need to
lock up you know if you can't function
if you can't if you can't all agree to
pretend the same things about the spoon
then society kind of falls apart
Robert Rhoades and stuff
I think I showed you it before there's
up there's a scale of the universe thing
floating around with the were they gonna
do like the earth relative to this and
then the Sun relative the bigger stars
this this one was even more in depth
this one had like a some kind of flash
kind of program where you could control
it yourself you actually zoomed in and
out yourself and it started with a plank
link and then I went to you know the
good quark quark size of things and then
atoms and then it went all the way up to
the entire known universe and there is
so much space between the the the the
protons and the neutrons inside of your
atom which are so far apart from the
electrons which are so far apart there's
the Overlander it's amazing it's all
better yes yes there's almost nothing in
the universe yeah
and then you have like the distances
between the stars Jim but I was gonna
ask you do i I think I showed you that
once before I've linked to it my
facebook or something you know what that
program is exactly called where you can
find it because it's it's not not right
offhand and at the moment I'm actually
watching the internet on a Chromebook
which doesn't do Gotha so it might not
be it could probably do flash but it
might not might or might not be able to
but you at least remember what I'm
talking about
it was cool and yes the universe is full
of infinitely large and infinitely small
I mean you know we think we're
normal-sized and G blue whales are Big
Valley ants are small and ants think
we're big and whales think we're small
but it's so much beyond that I mean like
the nearest stars light travels at
186,000 miles a second through a vacuum
and spaces in your vacuum and and in the
nearest the nearest stars like you know
four light years away that's the nearest
one and there's like billions of them
yes oh that that book that are reading
you know disappearing spoon it was also
describing how atoms are built in the
Sun I guess like they were saying that
like you know how the Sun builds hide
hydrogen and helium you know in fusion
that's what makes the Sun do it yeah
thing I guess it makes it hot nuclear
fusion because because the gravity it's
not so big that it's fusing atoms of
hydrogen together so it's like a
constant balancing act between the be
desired the heat is it has to do I guess
with a the constant tension between the
heat and making the Sun want to expand
and the gravity making it want to get
smaller well I guess when when stars
yeah different stars depending on their
on their mass stop at different points
but the really big stars they build
hydrogen and helium and then they start
building things into lithium I guess
which is number three I think and they
keep going until they get to iron by the
time you know how like hydrogen and
helium it's it's like I guess it's I
guess would be called like an extra
thermic reaction it like gives off heat
well yeah I guess after iron there are
further reactions but
they lose heat they lose energy and so
so once again it gets to the point where
it's building anything other than iron
at some point the the outside force of
heat falls apart and and and the gravity
of the star it's just like very quickly
at thousands of miles an hour collapses
yeah and and that's where the heavy
realms get get built and then right
after it collapses it explodes super
supernova and there is how all of the
heavier atoms get dispersed which is
pretty cool so I mean yes we're made out
of start us and stars you may have
recycled old stars but I just thought
that was cool because I knew I knew that
you know all this stuff was built in
stars but they were trying to describe
you know how it works
I know science is great and there are
some great science podcast how do you
feel about the heat - right well on one
hand it sucks but on the other hand I'm
not gonna be here to witness it I mean I
guess I'm a little sad about it there
either way up sad about dinosaurs going
extinct
yeah you know I don't worry about it too
much
the way I don't lose a whole lot of
sleep over the fact that that the Sun is
probably someday going to scorch the
earth turn into a brown whatever I mean
I'm not very likely to be alive for any
of that I mean they keep trying to come
up with ways to extend life but even
with good extensions I'm not filthy rich
i-i-i would be extremely unlikely to
live to be 150 and nor likely i'm
probably gonna die when i'm 70 or 80 so
I'm not gonna be around that well what
what about what about this is just just
in theory here what about uploading your
brain into a computer would that work or
would it just like drive your brain
insane because it wasn't getting the
normal sensory inputs would that make
you go crazy because they you know I
don't know you know like when they put
the upper vation tanks and they start
hallucinating and shit would that happen
if you didn't have about
yeah well I'm assuming they they would
try to give you some way to expand
eunuch eight with the world you know
sound and stuff but there's a hun if you
can simulate a brain I'm assuming you
could simulate sight and sound whether
or not different philosophical argument
is whether or not that's actually yeah
whether or not you're a Saturn or
whether or not you're a ghost in the
machine
yeah yeah let's say they let's say they
can do that and you do you do live that
long you do live to see the Sun explode
would you still be you we're would it be
like the Star Trek transporter question
of you like like would you you might
still be you to external observers but
subjective what what was subjectively
you wouldn't have died and are you a
ghost in the machine or are you an
emergent pattern and what does that mean
so yeah I mean it's a good questions and
yes I suppose I might be worried about
the heat death of the universe if I had
achieved near immortality but I think I
was talking to you the other day about
our teacher was talking about activation
energy and potential energy and kinetic
energy and she was describing the
transformation notes of potential energy
is being a ball of top of the stairs and
the activation energy was pushing the
ball off the stairs and kinetic energy
with his rolling down the stairs and I
was like well I don't know the ball is
gonna end up at the bottom of the stairs
I mean yeah it's a depressing thought a
universe that's cold in life that's so
dark and still assuming there's only one
universe and that this isn't one little
universe inside of a black hole inside
of another universe but you know I mean
it's I'm not gonna be here somebody in
the chance somebody in the chat is
saying a copy is still still real yeah
copy is still real but is it still what
you think mean to be you that's that's
the question what again what is you and
it is none other than you care that it's
not your does anyone other than you know
that it's not you if somebody made a
copy of you in a transporter yeah I know
it horrifies me to digital random
do you even know do you
like they can see of you the the
emerging pattern or whatever review the
pattern as the wave has been broken or
something I don't know it's these are
you know good questions and I don't know
yeah the brain imagines itself is
something different from that yeah and
yes I mean our brains we are arguably
our brains and and what we think of as
our consciousness is possibly our brain
confabulating other processes that go on
that we're not conscious of I mean yes
but still the death of the universe and
it's very interesting to think about and
it's a little depressing but I don't
worry about too much because I'm not
going to be here or if I'm here I heard
a new a new theoretical variation and
the heat death of the universe yeah the
other day I remember exactly how it goes
but it's it's it's similar to heat death
he does this you know you're entropy
kind of takes all the energy in the the
atoms eventually decay this other thing
I heard I had more to do with space
expansion like space is expanding right
and it's it's it's not slowing down it's
getting faster right maybe some of them
have some theories about why but it's it
seems counterintuitive that it should be
speeding up and not remaining at the
same speed as as one would expect from
Newtonian physics well I've heard
another take on the quote end of the
universe where space speeds up faster
and faster and space starts expanding so
fast that eventually like gravity ends
up becoming meaningless because space is
expanding faster than gravity can hold
things together so first you know
because the galaxies are already flying
apart and if in theory space could have
started spending so fast that the stars
inside of the galaxy could start flying
apart so the galaxies all break up you
just got a bunch of individual stars and
then things get faster and faster
dimensionally even like the solar
systems start flying apart and then at
the very end uses universes expanding so
fast
the molecules and atoms than themselves
fly apart from each other faster than
the speed of light and you have an
entire universe full of just isolated
atoms or subatomic particles or yeah and
you know I mean as a general rule I
think straight out dirt pocket
see I don't I don't know you're educated
if they can't if you can't handle
straight-up nerd back - you know I like
science and I'm geeky but I'm not you
know I don't have a degree in a hard
science I'm not hardcore I mean you know
what I don't have the citations to back
everything up and whatnot but where were
we the atoms and - oh yeah as a
generalization the universe's are
flutter the galaxies are flying apart
from each other but you know like our
our Sun is orbiting a galaxy I mean
there's some orbits going on and no DMT
he's in podcast I'm completely sober but
you know like thank the earth the Milky
Way galaxy is supposed to collide with
the Andromeda galaxy but supposedly is
supposed to result in little or no star
collisions because they're that far
apart from each other you know but it'd
just be exciting look at the sky during
that shit really Yeah right like you
know it's like molecules of sand borne
on the wind you know they just zip past
each other la-dee-da but his life of
loose nation who knows or we have
butterfly dreaming we're Lao Tzu or
something but uh do i do psychedelics no
I do not
I've thought about trying it but I
worried I would like have a panic attack
plus you know I don't really know
anybody who peddles them and don't
necessarily want to
by any so yeah no no Elysee or anything
like that but um it's not bad
indifference
there's something something something
else a i-i've heard recently and I've
talked about this before in the chat too
but how many how many universes do we
know of what ok how many simulated
universes like like computers are
getting better and better
wait what if but you say what our
universe is a simulation and somebody
else is there if you could if you could
simulate a reasonable facsimile of our
universe
how many simulated universes would there
be a bunch right more than the one level
universe one one one who would be bored
than the real universe yeah one real
universe sure no we know but computers
get fast enough and you can make a
reasonable simulation of a universe
there would there could be multiple
simulated universes so are the odds that
you're living in the real universe or
one of the simulations you would have no
way of knowing I mean I was you would
have no way of knowing but here's the
thing what are the odds
haha how do you calculate that you don't
know hard time doing it
I what are the I was just reading about
this lately Lander simulation and some
some smart person or other wrote a paper
speculating that we might be in a in the
matrix only there is no there is no
physical body hooked up to the matrix
you were just they were just no computer
like like that like like magic 2.0 did
we talk about the hello you're cutting
out I can't hear you
yes yeah I can pass out if you're
testing testing Basti take take it from
simulator universe magic 2.0 yep yeah
the books are mother they're written by
Scott Meyer and they suggest that that
these hackers at various times
independently have found it found out
that the
world as as they know what is actually a
program being run out of computer
no this isn't Rich's mom is a program
being ret being run on a computer and
they figured out how to hack it and they
all independently end up deciding that
they want to go to a limited number of
historical places and meeting up with
each other and it's humor and I probably
not doing it justice they're fun books
what's fun I mean we're talking the same
as the concept behind those books though
well reality is a a computer simulation
of reality oh I'm thinking I have not
read ready player one I've been meaning
to read play ready player one of course
if you know me I've I will probably die
next to a giant stack of books that are
leading the raid while I'm busy screwing
around the internet instead of what is
what is ready player one I remember
reading the the synopsis I actually got
it in my loot crate couple months ago so
I have a hard copy it's in paperback
format oh and I wanted to say by the way
disenchanted if anybody's interested in
that just get back to that it's
available right now on Amazon for 399
and if you own it in Kindle format right
now the audiobook is only two bucks and
it's like one of the better audio book
readings I've ever read heard whatever
yeah yeah okay that's that's the that's
the book cuz people people they haven't
been your certificate that's the book
about the king who who dies and he he
well he doesn't like under Denny was
right the afterlife until he lets go of
the sword and he can't let go of his
sword because it's cursed and he's
trying to find out how good okay lift
the curse but it's you
yes here's the ready player one here's
the synopsis in the Year 2044 realities
an ugly place
the only time teenage Wade watts really
feels alive is when he's jacked into the
virtual utopia known as the oasis
Wayne's devoted his life to studying the
puzzles hidden within this world's
digital confines puzzles that are based
on their creators obsession with the pop
culture of decades past and that
promised massive power and torch and
whoever can unlock them but when Wade
stumbles upon the first clue he finds
himself beset by players willing to kill
him to take the ultimate prize the race
is on and if Wade's going to survive
he'll have to win and confront the real
world he's always been so desperate to
escape so I mean I as far as I know I
think it's got like a lot of nerdy video
game 80s and 90s references which sounds
fuck right there mm-hmm
and it you know didn't pretty
well-received people like it sounds like
fun and I have it I just haven't ready
it I'm trying to go home

[Part IV]
bunch of other oh fuck oh god oh shit
is it green you know we didn't literally
take a shit I mean he fucked up
something that was exceedingly simple he
had to throw a rock at somebody and he
missed by like a merrily don't be the
brightest fellow when he's both he's
kind of well technically in the comic
book soul has been sparked a number of
times I'm sure that I never I never
argued that a whole slew the smarter I
know that I'm a scholar or an expert at
much of anything a little knowledge is a
dangerous thing and I know a little bit
about a lot of things so I'm probably
dangerous elves
let's RPO somebody just he said the
probably only view our P I'm not sure
the great hearts are smart bet they may
be true I said I don't know I've never
actually read an Incredible Hulk comic
book it's not that I'm opposed to it
it's just that I
there are so many things that I should
read someday there's plenty of things
that I have read yeah
sorry with them focusing on the game
more than I should right now because I'm
trying to do this already just as lon
it might a modicum of concentrate any
player if he sounds interesting okay
or potentially hideous why aren't you
two in the same place Karen you need
help say zucchini is that like a magic
word in some movie no idea
pervert reference I have no idea I had
no idea what that is
and girls are come on a Planet Hulk
movie oh do you really do a whole movie
about Hulk too much I mean the dawn is
good well planet hoax like a weird thing
though Planet Hulk is see that the
heroes of the Marvel Universe decided
that the Hulk was too dangerous to keep
around so they trick him onto a
spaceship and they blast the bulk into
space and the Hulk ends up on an alien
planet where they forced him to fight in
their gladiatorial arenas and the whole
kid just kicks a whole bunch of ass and
then he becomes the alien king oh and
then because he's because he's mad at
the superheroes for sending him into
space the hope comes back to earth with
an alien army wanting to kick like Iron
Man's ass Oh
Kari takes over he takes over New York
might be good it doesn't sound
especially honest
I mean you know they have a lot of
explosions and those are entertaining
for about 10 minutes but I don't know if
I can watch two and a half hours of it
yeah yeah I'm not gonna diss it because
I haven't seen it but it doesn't sound
that good do I think Batman is going to
make Superman bleed I mean really care
that's that's the appropriate answer to
that question I mean yes sir man's got
more magic powers you know and stuff I
bet they can probably afford kryptonite
but you know because he's rich but
God Hulk your aim is terrible yeah New
York is always the target of an alien
invasion of Chicago is really jealous no
you know what they can keep the alien
invasions I can deal without that yeah I
think that's a plus like metropolis
last place I'd want to one the one the
one in Illinois no they were the one in
the comic books I would want to live in
Metropolis if I lived in if I lived in
Gotham I'd never know when the the Joker
was gonna just like gas the whole
goddamn City oh yeah sure I didn't get
transformers 3 which I haven't cargo got
turned in webs 3 I haven't seen her
oh that's yeah I don't know buddy hey I
haven't seen the movie and I eBay or
something I thought they put a motel
most of in the Lake Ontario or something
okay yeah
Theriot Vancouver Canada Vancouver you
got much better whether that's your
Texan know like Ontario is kind of like
us but Vancouver with that with the
ocean currents and whatnot they tend to
have much milder winters I'd rather you
know weather weather wise I'd rather
live in Vancouver to do stuff in
Vancouver let's get all candor this
great place
oh I got no problems in Canada I think
the United States is incredibly blessed
that we've got friendly neighbors to
both the north and south yeah
Gotham is part of Castlevania ah yes I
remember the good old NES Castlevania
games why is Gotham a part of
Castlevania yeah I uses me but I do like
gets paid whenever I hear the name
Vancouver I think of Mount st. Helens
did you listen Frank did you listen
Castlevania no but I do enjoying that I
don't know that you did
did you mention megaload mention Metroid
Metroid is nice okay I know you like I
know you like Metroid I know you haven't
played any other recent ones to these
games you know you know that you know
that makespan is like Cameron look at
you get motion you get motion sick yeah
which that sounds awful
Mario 64 did that to me at first
somebody saying that that it that
they're doing this that people are doing
stuff in Canada because of the favorable
exchange rates and that did make it
through yeah I know it's cost-effective
and then you know Canadians speak
English they're they're fine with
Americans coming over and stuff Anders
but also perfectly good reasons to have
stuff of candidate and Coover sounds
like a lovely place but yeah I do kind
of you know does Chicago does be revenue
with the stuff - yeah okay
not that I actually live in Chicago but
I orbit the greater nine million person
metropolis the Metropolitan yeah I know
I know there's probably a ton of people
confused about arrangements when I came
up here to Wisconsin to be more involved
in red letter media it wasn't it wasn't
at all sure that this would work out so
character doesn't come up here with me
she's still down within a family and
whatnot in the Chicagoland area so then
we were we were living together for like
ages eight years nine years something a
while enough and have plans to do it
again yeah hey you I saw the work I got
a I know I know
punch it more like this I'm really
punching that's like flogging I don't
know they're like taking one guy the
flogging other guys with it or something
Civil War infinity Wars I have no idea
faced with video games don't I know that
there's you know you got to realize
Karen's a very recent kind of book
convert and I think you you probably
read more DC so no I I think it's cool
that there's I know you don't care about
the DC universes and there their whole
continuities and their whole everything
exist in the same universe is neat I'm
not well-versed in any of it nor do I am
I willing it is time to put in the kind
of time and energy other than like a
quick Wikipedia summary of all the
intricacies of how it all plays together
I I read like Batman 66 I read Squirrel
Girl
I read Saga and part of what I like
about those is they don't penalize me
heavily for being massively ignorant of
stuff that went out in other books
ten years ago I'm not against that stuff
I think that stuff it's cool that that
stuff exists but I'm not well-versed in
it and I know that there's you know
prices of infant something called crisis
of infinite universes I I don't really
know what that is I think it's what
they're gonna kill all the people in the
whole universe or something well that's
what DC did that a long time ago were
they they killed a whole bunch of
different universes so gonna be one DC
universe but then there ended up being a
bunch of ice universes anyway and then
there's another crisis reboot and then
they reboot is then after that then
every five weeks now DC add to the
universe and now Marvel is just about to
start doing that with Secret Wars so
this this past interconnected history an
injection one issue of Sandman it
sounded a triggy when I read the
description but it's on the long list of
to be read some days and I'm like
squirrel I'm easily you know things
easily jump in fact I'm very bad about
starting to read things and not
finishing them I'm always reading
something I'm not always finishing every
single thing I read and sometimes I'm
too busy screwing around on the internet
reading articles so right yeah but but
yeah I crisis of yeah I I don't really
have an opinion about it
all rights you know whatever whatever
floats everybody's boat I'm sure some
people love it some people hate it but I
the the books that I like most don't
really exist too strongly in that
universe they you know like the you can
read Batman 66 and just kind of over the
TV show from your childhood pretty much
got it and it's fun the kind of count
books lost me
for that I mean I was I was sliding out
of it for a while I guess but they lost
me for good with one more day which is
where spider-man
made a deal with the devil to end his
marriage because the editors didn't like
the fact that he was married and that
was the only reason it happened my
favorite rug sorry guys and that was
okay no my love of comic books began and
ended with spider-man and I I think
spider-man is cool but he's never been I
wouldn't you're not obligated to I mean
my childhood hero was scooby-doo I
wanted to marry boys and girls in very
rural and then people are going to marry
squirrels you know they make those kind
of arguments so it's like well I wanted
to marry scooby-doo what I was a
champion so I'm Way ahead of you there
you can do better you'd be dead right
now Great Danes don't live very long I
know you're gonna marry me but still the
dog in the talk is anything but uh yeah
and the Scooby Doo team upwards DC
characters and scooby-doo is actually
pretty well written and a whole lot of
fun if you're a fan of Scooby Doo it's
it's more its self conscious you know it
makes fun of itself and it's it's good
this could be do intelligent enough for
consent I never got the impression that
he was I think somebody is intelligent
does scooby-doo could get marry okay I'm
gonna say yes to a person you know one
of the arguments about like you know
people say like well you know we have
laws against say incest because we're
worried that the kids will be screwed up
if you marry a dog you really don't have
to worry about that because humans and
dogs are not genetically happy yes yes
you know people that other people have
argued well marriage is for procreation
but of course nobody stops people who
are infertile from getting married
so but you know what if somebody wants
to marry their cousin I got it assuming
I'm going to assume that worth we're at
the point where they could make
figure out if the child in the womb was
gonna have problems and then if they
were just having abortion I'm going to
assume science you know you probably
could get away with marrying dozen and
you wouldn't you probably wouldn't even
have to worry about the genetic problems
without assistive reproductive
technology I think that that while the
risk is higher you're talking about a
single mating between two close super
lated things one generation I think it's
the odds are actually in your favor that
the kid will be normal I think like when
you talk about like the Hapsburgs and
stuff you're talking about multiple
generations of close relatives you know
interbreeding which tends to make things
worse but I write back to scooby-doo I
mean what is the lowest IQ you think a
human being can get away with it before
they can't know the what if what if what
if somebody who's mentally mentally
handicapped because we can't say
retarded no we say but I guess that word
has offensive connotations for people
but yes people have intellectual
disabilities they get married if they
can get married somebody had gotten
better to get married documentary were a
couple of people with Down syndrome and
of course people with Down syndrome vary
greatly in their intelligence some of
them you know are are you know pretty
moderately handicapped and some of them
are you know kind of normal it's legal
for my q70 I'm sure that probably
probably varies with state yeah
seventy is considered that the cutoff
between normal and handicapped but yeah
I think you know if their Guardians get
permission or whatnot I think they
probably can to do get married and as
far as whether or not people let them
have kids or they're allowed to make
their own decisions about that a lot of
the majority of cases they don't even
know why people have that and I think
Down syndrome people tend to be suffered
or exactly
did whatever people who have it tend to
be infertile so I know I don't know I'm
certainly not against anybody's
happiness I have a very important
question here what what the fuck is
spike I'm just wondering the same thing
myself
those are like a likely Kalika to cloud
from super mario brothers it's following
him around
there's gotta be I think is these web
ads of those little projections that are
sort of amusing little Lego ropes that
Lego asks I cook people doing they have
assets I don't know I think Lego people
aren't they kind of like the way his
legs are going right now I think his ass
is like in the middle of where scratch
should be just don't know
I think I think it was in the first
issue of Howard the Duck where
spider-man has guest appearance and and
and if there's like the action took
place somewhere offshore at the end
spider-man swung back the shore on on a
convenient convenient helicopter
a convenient actually call that a
convenient helicopter that it's a space
tether maybe it's you know like like a
space elevator kind of thing like maybe
his web his web space something that's
in like near or earth like in
geosynchronous orbit at asteroid him
asteroid M that's some comic geekery for
you don't don't worry about it it's just
that's some severe comic degree going on
you need to read the Squirrel Girl it
was that the said word Galactus showed
up and and and she's talking to Galactus
and then her and Galactus go to a planet
full of nuts does she beat the running
the running joke with Squirrel Girl is
that she beats kind of reduce yeah
actually goes oh you were trying to beat
me up I thought you were shining my
shoes okay she she'd beat up she beat up
Doctor Doom and she beat up Bob Thanos
Thanos
I love Squirrel Girl I love the way she
like tucks her tail in her pants and
she's all proud of her big fat body
totally ADHD and totally unselfconscious
and totally goofy and totally
unapologetic I love her yeah I know I
knew you would that's why I recommended
it Squirrel Girl and MS Marvel though
they're two very modern people I love I
love them both
what about Great Lakes adventures did
you just read the those four okay
I read baby's good before that were
available on Marvel unlimited at the
time yeah I enjoyed it okay can I can
you hear me
yeah yeah I mean you're all hearing is
normal I didn't hear you for a second
but yeah yeah I enjoyed it but I there
were only like foresters that were
available on Marvel in the minute and I
didn't choose to purchase any additional
ones can't buy everything I'm interested
in them and really I've got other stuff
that I have that I haven't read like you
know Swamp Thing so well yeah yeah it
was okay and the Marvel unlimited thing
is nice in theory I just have like two
problems with it when it's just Marvel
and - it doesn't play very well on my
tablet and so you know it's a name-brand
Android tablet but it just I heard the
the iOS version of it runs a little
smoother but I'm not gonna buy an iOS
just so I can i OS device just so I can
watch the read Marvel unlimited things
Carville needs to get on this button
make its Android app work better and
actually we need to have an app that
will for one price will work with DC and
and W an image and so forth
the Ellen Moir run swampthing some
interesting stuff Alan Morrison is the
new 52
I enjoyed the Teen Titans one they only
ran about six issues but that was fun I
really liked the think of his name right
now leave the underwater kid if you will
t hunt Teen Titan guy I'm looking right
now but he's yes
Aqualad he was the best character and it
I thought 52 times really so something
if they can make aqua yeah he's just
kind of weird and quirky and I was
reading comics on tablets I like it I
like I have comixology and Aqualad is is
the the water guy from Teen Titans the
what's the name of those I'm blanking
out right now no what's the name of
regular reporter DC yeah he's like a
teenage Aquaman except that Aquaman
as teenagers how could you know Aqualad
and not know Aquaman because I'm Karen
wholesome talk but no I'm comic salad a
is is is and there are other ways but
you can you can also you know download
the PDFs Humble Bundle has a lot of
comic book deals where you can get PDF
versions image files of comic books drm
free you could buy them from amazon and
whatnot but but and for the Nook and
whatnot but you buy usually buy a
digital comic book and you can click on
each panel and it'll pop up a little bit
larger and it makes it easier to see
especially if you're you know using a
7-inch tablet or even a phone and you
just swipe and it goes to the next panel
and you know the colors look really
bright and vibrant and comic books are
printed on you know reasonably nice
paper and whatnot but when you're
looking at amount of backlit LCD screen
it's really pretty and really colorful
and really saturated and really smooth
and I like it I enjoy reading comic
books more so I think than on paper a
books you know when it comes to ebooks
there are things I like better about
ebooks and there are things I like
better about physical books but PDFs of
comic books yeah that you have to like
kind of pan to see different parts
unless you're looking at on a really big
screen
but yeah I mean they're in there there
are certainly advantages to trades and
the regular ones a no deathrun for a
videogame yes I have Super Mario
Brothers III try try those on
occasionally on I've the only game I've
ever done it with the original Super
Mario Brothers but I did warp I did use
the works I've never done it all the way
through all the five worlds in the
seventh worlds five whatever world seven
whatever some of those are really
freaking hard and I can just walk pass
it why would you want to walk past 90% I
really don't like I played in some
what's the point but it's like then that
means you don't like the game that's
that's the majority of no understand
what I was did you want to beat the game
okay that's that's understandable I'd
like if I ever saw it though taking a
warp zone and they weren't just
specifically going for a no death run I
would just feel I would feel so ashamed
for them okay and I really like Super
Mario Brothers 3 - by the way I think
they did that very well everyone my
screen yeah
do you like three old sorry yeah we're
pretty damn I like that you think three
is better and and the the one for the D
ass is really most
yeah yeah the new super marvelous well
no the one for the DS that's super
brother I think it's for the week this
is a Super Mario Brothers DSi think it's
just called I get I gotta find an excuse
to buy a Wii U however the show but
Nintendo does weird things with
copyright now it's it's it's hard to
it's hard to stream their stuff about
them having a finger yeah are they doing
that shit we're the only like release
some of the stuff and everything else is
downloadable content games stop
exclusive Oh every every game does that
know what I miss first like you can't do
like a YouTube video on a Nintendo game
without them having a 53 is a better
game world is more fun I I don't know I
you know I'm this stuff I'm old I'm
nostalgic for you know the Super Mario
Brothers was the first game that I ever
played for NES the first video game I
ever fell in love with and three I
remember when it came out just yeah it
was beautiful it was colorful and it was
fun and it dad you know just a fantasy
element to it
yeah like here's like a goofy dream I
wasn't trying to be realistic it was
like a cartoon that you could move
around it and to us you know doki doki
panick to us it's kind of fun it's not
really a Super Mario Brothers game
as I think I think calling it kind of
bums go ahead a bit far I enjoy it I
don't know as much the other yeah okay
okay now yeah the Japanese version of
Super Mario Brothers the the one that's
the Lost Levels so called you know
that's pretty hard
yeah look up look up something called
Super Mario frustration which i think is
something it's a yes those are made yeah
yes this is the word you would use what
would you call it
comical think it's it's it's the kind of
game for I don't know for Rain Man type
people to impress each other playing
speaking of which I watched a case
recently about Kim Kim no you don't know
the real rain brother the real peach
okay
you know documentary about the real
merry man he's an interesting fellow
he's you know he's got to get a yeah
rare brain abnormality he's actually
it's it's uh the features are autism
like I mean I think autism might be a
functional diagnosis and caused by more
than one thing potentially I don't I
don't think you have to have a
particular abnormality to be considered
autistic but he has a particular
abnormality that isn't shared by most
autistics a brain abnormality and I had
but an interesting fellow
unlike most of us he knew a lot about a
lot of things
ya know corpus callosum but uh you know
split plain brain patients don't have
that and he was rather remarkable new
person supposedly he could like read two
different things with both eyes and
stuff at the same time but he you know
he had like serious coordination
problems did his father's helped address
some F G syndrome yes it brings and his
father took care of them and his
father's biggest fear or father was in
his ad if his father's biggest fear was
that his father was then he was going to
outlive his father but actually Kim had
a heart attack and I you know I have to
say you know it was kind of an answered
prayer I mean what was he going to do
without his father alien alien hand
syndrome yeah freaks me the fuck out
where basically we're basically two
people in one head it just the illusion
of being one person just because to be
the corpus callosum well it's more than
that I mean they've suggested that that
when you think that you're making
decisions to do things your brain
decides these things self-consciously
and then the forward parts of your brain
go around trying to explain what you
just did that your brain is an expert
confabulate er that freaks me though
yeah it's the brain is a strange strange
place
I don't want to know more I like science
I don't want to know any more about the
brain okay
it was evidence it scares me what scares
me is the name of the book I was
listening to a an audio book about that
I'll find it but but it was pretty
fascinating about how the brain works my
audio book library your big place in a
small space he's saying the brain is
like a TARDIS really yelled at not that
long ago because I said there's
something that I just used the term you
know kind of clinically talking about
people who earn it who are
intellectually handicapped and I said
mentally retarded and somebody was like
oh my god it's the R word and I was like
I'm not trying to offend anybody I
didn't mean this I wasn't calling
anybody you know I wasn't criticizing
anybody I was just talking about the you
know the condition of you know having
limited intellectual capacity such that
it's a handicap or differently-abled or
something but you know let's face it any
pauses it limits people's you know thank
you I'm I'm not a super fan I'm not a
super big fan of making words off limits
it's that feels so 1980 Forrest and you
know they keep they go through the the
they all they go in and out each you
know they'll come up with another word
and then that word people will start to
you know people who start to criticize
people by saying they're developmentally
delayed you know oh you're stupid you're
developmentally delayed and then that
word will be off-limits and they all
mean the same thing and not having a
word you have to have a word for it and
I mean I'm good
many of these people are wonderful
people and love better look but they do
that live what you're doing
all right hello I can hear you can hear
me can anybody else oh my god yeah I can
hear you can you hear me fine I can't
hear you just fine Andy right now yes
yes I don't know what the weather it's
on you hey don't just this things happen
these things happen it's it's fine it's
not anybody's fault
don't worry about it it's not like it's
not like you did a bad thing because
your internet cut out a little bit and
the quality went down you should feel
ashamed that's not it doesn't work that
way everything's fine but you should
feel ashamed because you're oh really
interview the book loving girl has a lot
of audiobooks I never would have assumed
that they keep putting them on sale
really but I'm looking at some of them
when I'm like some of these I haven't
listened to you're finished
well I listen to a book you might like
called the two little piles by Neil
deGrasse Tyson where they're talking
about I probably would that I love yield
about I see desired that Pluto it
doesn't get considered a planet not some
people trained I still won't give it up
they're trying to bring it back again
yeah that's going on out what's their
what's their excuse I don't know I mean
they're saying the argument that that
Tyson makes which is perfectly
reasonable is is that in order to be
considered a planet it has to be you
know made round by its own gravity
you know big enough to be round and
Pluto is big enough to be round and it
has to clear its orbit of you know most
I mean earth is orbited by a bunch of
little tiny pieces of this and that but
a pretty much clear de sorbets of you
know a good portion of the detritus an
earth is done so and right on down the
list you know the other seven have done
so but Buddha was not Pluto and Charon
and love that name by the way and you
know the other the other stuff over
there they have not cleared their orbits
see I I would take it further because
you look at mercury you look at Venus
and the earth and mars this those
planets are absolutely nothing like
Jupiter Saturn Neptune no and he
actually was talking about they should
they should be preserved
he was on two different categories that
you can you could are you could yeah
separate the beyond the solar system
what does it have it has a Sun it has
four rocky planets it has an asteroid
belt it has four gaseous giants and it
has a Kuiper belt you know right and
yeah and the what the Oort cloud or
whatever you know and you can break it
into districts sections regions orbits
and yeah that's it perfectly perfectly
valid
well you're breaking things up are you
great but if you're going to you know
and yes I mean the earth has here
there's nothing like Jupiter but if
you're going to if you're going to have
something called a planets he makes the
argument that perfectly good definition
for both within our solar system and
within other solar systems which aren't
necessarily just like us you know that
then in order to be a planet you have to
be ground and you have to have cleared
substantially cleared not a hundred
percent but you've cleared most of the
detritus out of your orbit and Pluto is
round but it hasn't cleared itself the
largest asteroid isn't even round you
know although the light of the largest
asteroid was originally trying to think
I can't think in a very nice where I'm
gonna
series it it was originally thought of
you know when they first discovered
they're like oh it's another planet yeah
hey yeah so it's not as big as per night
it's big it's not round and in a row is
it round
yeah it is which is the one that's the
big one that's like egg shaped all of
them the earth is the earth is close to
round because of its orbited olders a
little at the equator and the gravity
because of the distance relative to the
core of the earth and you weigh slightly
less at the equator but it's not a big
difference you look at the earth then
it's pretty Bala Sh
yeah I think I think series in the same
category was pretty bullish balling it's
about that that I was meant to talk
about is a book called who's in charge
by Michael as she and I will not talk
about it in any more detail because I
will depress you oh no no go ahead
go ahead we're all along depression here
let me see if I can find the description
like I said it's it's it makes the among
other things it makes the supposition
the proof positive something it tries to
suggest that that much of what's going
on in your brain is below your primary
level of consciousness and that you you
think that you are an a prime actor
prime mover kind of thing that you're
trying trying to do things and you the
question is whether you actually have
free will or whether your brain is kind
of subconsciously doing shit and you're
busy explaining why because they've done
tests on people like split brain
patients and other things where they do
things and they don't know why they're
doing them and they've always got an
explanation
they make up an ex parte of their brain
that explains shit makes up an
explanation even if there's no if it's
not plausible or there's no way that
they could you know know why they did
something like like say like the left
the left hand is doing something in the
right brain you know that controls the
left hand you can't talk so you know the
left hand is doing something to left I
saw something and you know they'll ask
the people a question and they're there
they're left brain which is on the
rights you know is the left side of
their head which is the right hand their
left brain you know which had no
knowledge what was going on will start
making up lies to explain why they did
something even though it has no freaking
clue because it couldn't see that
because they didn't have a corpus
callosum to transfer stuff back and
forth
I noticed something weird let last night
actually right I was kind of like
humming well I really happens like you
know you know I click with my tongue and
I make noises kind of making music that
way
that kind of thing yeah I know you think
it's a night I was doing it last night I
was doing that I don't like the right
side of my mouth some kind of song I
forgot what sort of West but then I
started doing it
this is my tongue it's like your tongue
and I started doing it on the other side
my mouth and it sounded like weird and
different and off so we released a new
like what when you talk on the phone
what you're do you put the phone up to
listen it sound weird we do on the left
it's like for me it's harder for me to
process all Isis when I have the phone
on my left ear but if I'm listening to
music and I only have one earbud in I'll
always put in the left because I hear
the other sounds better okay here's the
here's the the top review on Amazon we
humans love our dualisms good or evil
hot or cold for your determine who's in
charge a book extrapolated from the
author's gilfer lectures blah blah blah
it appears that our brain something is
something like a collection of modules
performing different functions without
the central command module that is
supposed to approximate free well
moreover that feeling we have a unified
conscious experience is most likely the
result not of a central command module
but a module appropriately referred to
as the interpreter whose role is to
construct somewhat post hoc explanations
of why we did what we did as if we were
really conscious of doing it here get
Gaza Nika draws on each of split
research of split brain patients whose
corpus callosum were severed disallowing
their left and right brain hemispheres
to talk to each other studies show that
when the right hemisphere is told to do
something say the left eye is shown a
word and the patient is asked to grab
the object that they saw shown from an
array of objects the left hemisphere
where the interpreter is well often can
just the left hemisphere okay
we'll construct a rationale for why the
patient grabbed the object that has
nothing to do with the instructions to
the right hemisphere for a simpler
example of the interpreter in action
think about when you hit your thumb with
a hammer our pulling away of our thumb
is automatic before any pain is
consciously felt but when asked people
say and often think that they pulled
away their thumb because of the pain but
they actually it went straight that goes
straight from your when those kind of
things go straight from your brain your
spinal cord
it's from your excuse me for thumb to
your spinal cord before your brain even
knows what's going on and then your
brain says well I pull my thumb away
because of hurt but actually you pulled
your thumb away reflexively because your
spinal cord and your thumb we're talking
it didn't hurt yeah that's when you
pulled it away your brain didn't even
know it but just you know suggesting
that there is no you know that we're
just it's interesting I we're not even
we're not even the ghost in the machine
are we we're just illusion that's all we
are that you're my favorite illusion
there's there's nobody home oh that they
Kurtz was even wrong what he said I
think therefore I am
he even he was wrong he should have said
I think I am I think I think I am I
think I think I am i all right think I
think I am what a depressing whole you
know example I can think about an
example I get them I've got you know
pretty good reflexes and I will stop you
know like when I see somebody coming how
stop and then I'll realize you know I
like to stop and my first thought is why
did I stop I stopped because somebody
was coming yeah but it happened
yeah I didn't think somebody's coming
I'm gonna stop I stop and then I go oh
why did I just stop Oh somebody's coming
stop which look in the corridor you know
if I'm shopping at the end of the aisle
you know oh
I remember back in school I was used to
be under walking from class to class
autopilot I would you know end up
stopping at my locker and go to my next
class and I just like I'd suddenly
realized I was that the next class I was
lost in thought you don't even form a
memory of it yeah cuz it's so automated
stopping my brain was kind of half
paying attention to the game or at least
my brain thinks that I was half paying
attention to the game maybe I just
convinced myself that's what I was doing
I don't know but yeah I heard you
talking about stopping I thought you're
talking about sniffing a card actually
if it just kind of just kind of drinking
my iced lemonade just because it's here
certainly not because I'm thirsty
because I'm like up to the eyeballs I'm
liquid at this point so I'm gonna take
another Pocky stop okay what we're gonna
take break I said we're gonna take break
for the benefit of people listening
quietly damn it do you want me that you
see yammering on now for techyv
technical difference mice you you go you
just blow the best
MC Lucas and caesarian fart thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
are you guys hey you guys liking this
this excessively science nerdy chat here
today is this is this enjoyable is this
a good stream
yeah I don't care in this awesome that's
why that's why I put a ring on her
finger
what the fuck
and also microfiber militia thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
here yeah once can you say huh okay
anyway I was I to get back to can you
can you say it's true
we really do it's true we really do all
right okay
hola sit talk talking talking about
brains and cars or money because it's
kind of reminded me of something and how
even even memory is kind of a fuzzy
weird thing like I I'm just reminded of
uh I don't know if you remember me
telling you about this but back in her
old place together I was driving down
the street and the other one and I won
independence and you know that's that's
that's a residential section but most
most people don't drive the speed limit
on the residential sections I remember
I'm weird
well I'll get to well so we'll see we'll
see
i-i've like a grandma and it's a good
thing I do because I'm driving down the
street right and off to my left I see
this I'm assuming it was this little
girl's father his father and like his
six-year-old girl they're walking down
the street and I was with cars and
children I'm just paranoid so I'm I'm
driving down the street I was probably
going a little bit over the speed limit
but I wasn't super speeding but I saw
the father and the kid and I just had
like a funny feeling I didn't I didn't
hit the brakes but I did I did take my
foot off the gas and the classic the
classic drivers had this situation
happened you know with a ball of this
crest Street the kid goes running I
didn't I didn't even get the ball right
it's father in the girl are walking down
the street and right in front me for no
good reason that I could see this little
girl starts dashing across the street
right in front of my fucking car I mean
she just takes out in a full-on sprint
she is paying no attention to anything
going on around her and because because
I'm a super good a driver you know I was
i I was ready I started screeching on
the brakes and I just barely did not
kill this kid right and why how this
ties into memory is I could not tell you
what the father looked like like I don't
remember his face I think he may have
had brown hair like if you fi had to
sketch him I couldn't do it I don't
remember what his face looked like yet
for some reason I still clearly remember
the look of utter horror on his face I
mean this guy you know he saw his
daughter dart across the street he saw
me with my car and he thought for sure
that he was looking at his six year old
girl about to be murdered until I
successfully stopped the car and then
instantly I remember his face going to
release and what I remember his facial
expression I can't - after that his face
was what and the light rage at the kid
like oh my god but I mean it was just
he went from utter complete horror to
total relief and I remember that yet I
still couldn't tell you what his face
looked like it's a strange thing memory
of course we all have did he yell at me
no I mean the default was all his
daughters she just took off across the
street I think I think he was relieved
that I was able to stop my car in time
this is his old his one thought was oh
my God thank God my kids okay oh my god
oh my god better oh my god thank God my
kids okay
and how are you doing what happened a
little girl no you didn't Oh back to
that completely jumping subjects here
for a second we're gonna if you watched
the rest of the cosmos things know to
rest right uh yeah you saw mom yeah
matter what not but just the idea of of
that we live inside of our universes
inside of a black hole you know which
might have other black holes inside of
it with other universes like some kind
of crazy zooming in and out thing just
like your your you know mm-hmm it's
crazy but I you need person to the man
yes I think you could probably be just a
little bit more polite to Christians at
some point he's got like no he doesn't
pull any punches but uh I like it's he's
not he's not super rude to Christians is
he I know he's an atheist from when he
while he's eating he says he's as
agnostic but either way I've never ever
seen him be rude
when did he you think I'd have Duncan's
do I enjoy board games cuz he doesn't
give a shit who he offense no call he'll
call he'll call someone an idiot and I'm
fine with that
i I think you could be a little more
democratic I don't think I think you can
disagree with people without being a
jerk
okay
but I've never heard Neil deGrasse Tyson
be rude I use polite about it but III
think he could just you know say that
that he doesn't know because he doesn't
know but uh cosmos is definitely fun to
watch both of them but the the the the
more recent one it's quality stuff I
think it's got it's written for a
general audience and it's it's not a
stupid question Karen's Rich's fiancee
but uh what's some character which is me
but um yeah yeah it's it's it's written
for a general audience and it's hi I so
should have touch at rich and fiancee
and it's it's Sagan would be Pro well
and it's right it's written in a way
that's that's your you know director
produce whatever in a way that's good
for a general audience and that would be
great for to show parts are all of to
you know high school or even junior high
school students it's very accessible
it doesn't assume that you have a strong
background and in some particular kind
of science so what next
I don't know what the time is uh 9:45
I'm getting kind of all ready to call
that night I might I might finish this
this Iron Man video call it still doing
the technolon difficulty screen hit
refresh playing hey Bryce quit it like I
said I'm on a Chromebook which you know
yeah so I got I got I got I got I got a
window open to keep my eye on these
things and it looks it looks like it's
definitely sick explain to me oh there
we go
yep and then the crumb could be just a
tiny bit weird at times but you know I
got it amazon has them stuff I've seen
it I guess I had to lean back amazon has
these like great little flash deals and
I got my Chromebook for 59 bucks so hey
you know is it worth 200 yeah probably
not you could probably get a full laptop
for that but for 59 bucks it's a nice
little but mostly I'm assuming you're
keeping your eye on the chip I'm not
like religiously if that's fine if you
have any more questions for Karen this
is this the time for um as soon as I I
finish the stage our stream is at an end
yeah it is it was a killer deal and
people were like oh you know it's not
real oh it really is real but yeah I
think it actually sold out in three
seconds I was actually waiting for the
deal to go live and throw in my shopping
cart I don't I don't know how many they
had but you know you really can get it
some of their good deals but yes it's
the luck of the draw but I've got other
ones that I
mmm what's my opinion on an r and she
sounds like a jerk I hear she was like
sleeping with sleeping with this other
guy or woman or something and her
husband was she was she was involved
with a married person and you don't you
don't need to go into her personal I
realized that she was kind of a weirdo
what up guys she was all right
why somebody was and and he was like
drinking themselves to death there's
something I've just heard things that
are just depressing and think and I
don't think we'll be live-streaming our
wedding but we do appreciate the
interest we're flattered
I vote for Hillary Clinton depends on
who she's running against it depends uh
you know I mean I wouldn't vote for
Bernie in these doors seems to be
running did you know the rich the
birdies running how weird Bernie Sanders
Bernie Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders jog
my memory
he's one of phony Sanders he tells it
like it is and he's kind of very liberal
look up Hillary food right said some
kind of joke or meme or something he's
he is it was smoke definitely a parody
he's he's got political ads he's an
right who's honest about being dishonest
I'll do anything I'll even change my
mind I'll even change my name you vote
for me why call me or what what what
doesn't build in my mouth I'm the one
who yeah I'm the one actually you said
that to you what are you okay okay yeah
it's pretty fun yeah look up look up a
little bit Bernie Sanders Fulbright a
socialist but I'm okay with that
pardon me look up Gil Fulbright I
already I've already done it before
yeah I send it I know that's a little
bit yes I'm assuming assuming other
people heaven burn
it's lemon sprayed I realized Bernie is
not for everyone
you're neither Silla and neither is Jeb
or whoever else ends up getting the
nomination or Rand Paul or whoever
Howard for the coffee or that is Bernie
literally a Socialist Party number I'm
not sure is that the Democratic
Socialist Party have to look that up I
don't know bernie is anti gun control I
disagree with him there if that's in
fact true and I don't expect any
candidate to be there I don't know why
socialism was a such a dirty word i I'm
not certainly not against private
ownership but I do think we do move in
the direction of socializing profits and
possibly the means of production
there are a lot of things that we
already have that are socialistic like
Social Security okay it's usually best
just to avoid public six okay when we do
this
somebody's we get a lot of people to
views someone's gonna get bent out of
shape I was right to believe in all
different kinds of things politics
religion are things that people feel
very passionately about I can't steer
the conversation back to the heat death
of the universe the brain regular books
movies Legos love Legos by the way I
wish they would get back into the town
sense the the cute little villages and
the pizza parlors and things you know
they're doing all these movie related
things which are all well and good but
they really need to get back to the cute
little houses and things and they are
doing some of that but definitely yes
when in doubt talk about EDA absolutely
yeah yeah nothing say for the same dead
of the English we would rather talk
about a death and depression than
politics it's a safer it's a death and
depression it's a much safer topic
that's been depressed 2016 death for
America sounds good
so I feel bad about denying the other
women in the world the glory that is
hurt no she feels quite satisfied to the
glory glory time capitalism um
I think people should stick to this
mixed case I believe that typing in all
caps is about it oh oh that's not what
you think about my book that's good the
people that will rock that that that's
anybody who does run in politics you
know you got to be a special kind of
person and it's like the people that I
like best probably would ever run like
you never run
then I don't know so yeah so you got a
pic from whoever's out there but uh oh
no I'm capable of yammering out of four
hours at some point I run out of things
you talk about more books
oh we're I'm I'm gonna be done for the
night I wanna I wanna pack up go home
and sit down take a nice hot bath my my
weird old man back you really just about
he death Party of America
absolutely I want to thank everybody for
showing up oh it's but I hope you
enjoyed the stream it's been spent a
lovely stream for me it it it has there
would you it has been a good night
always a pleasure I'm sure I'll be back
at some point yes oh uh Karen you know
you know you haven't you haven't seen me
in some we've spent a couple because
because you're stone stone yeah I've
been more in a couple did you know
