Jul 1, 2015
Invisible Inc., XCOM: Enemy Within
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/8952794, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXgFyiZAcAI
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/8964935, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxBr1bPXLk4
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/8981393, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_N4WgEshuJ4
12:06pm: "Half & a Hack: Tonight. Rich is playing something at 8:30pmCDTish." (archive.vn/hjuum)

[Part I]
fuckin fuck everything fuck me fuck my
life fuck you fuck everything okay I was
gonna it's kind of in the mood for
actually more Batman let's go play
arkham origins but stream doesn't want
us to OBS doesn't want a stream it no
video so fuck it we're going we wrong
with invisible ink dong don't lay thank
you for subscribing
we really appreciate her actually I know
that I'm thinking about I'm just forgot
to put up that very important program
that records the names of the people who
subscribe don't want to miss out on
that's sitting that up and now that's
running so I won't miss anybody
good good
my back is doing slightly better I'd say
I am feeling 65% better
I still can't sit down them so I'm
actually playing this game on the floor
I'm lying down on the floor to play this
game because I sitting down hurts all
right I'm going with just going with
experience fuck it start in the game
fucking fuck everything the main server
like house its own and get out no
detours Wow right proceeding to target
insertion was clean alarm level holding
steady we need to get to the third floor
we can make our way to the server room
from there any chatter on the comms
I should have detected us by now
there are few get out get out of there
HQ problem I'm going to need an
extraction
I've got incognito Capital International
are on their way and get to the roots
are covered
go deca how long til extraction 30
seconds
get us out of here we've got work to do
all right you know I like to enjoy my
cutscenes that's just the way I roll
also a Michael 87 why why would I make
comments about Canadians in their
godless ways when I'm myself and godless
wouldn't make any sense
all right no I got a bunch of different
people unlocked here but as far as your
starting agents go I mean internationnal
is really good but I gotta go with the
Fedora purely cosmetic but I gotta go
with the fedora and international her
powers tickets I just start with the
default agents stupid baby but I don't
give a shit is this game still hard oh
fuck yes this game is still hard I
I have not beaten this game yet and Jack
will be calling in he's got to put the
kids away you know you know how that
works you know how that works he'll be
he'll be here around 8:30 ish and yes we
did finish Arkham Knight we actually
filmed our review for it yesterday and I
guess we'll have that up as soon as
possible as far as what I thought of it
it's worth it for the story but the tank
kind of sucks and they ruined the
predator sections and because tank is
now 70% of the game there's not as much
fighting as I would like you know so you
don't get the hand-to-hand stuff nearly
as much
if that happens we may as well just
crash this thing into the ocean you've
never seen the inside of a corporate
deprogramming chamber I won't see the
inside of another incognito scanning for
targets of opportunity where we can
replenish our supplies follow her leads
and gather what resources you can I'll
run through our contacts and see what
favours I can call in we're going to
need all of the advantages we can find
in the coming days a space vagrant
doesn't isn't that what you do you put
kids away I mean it you shove them in
like a closet or something I mean what
do you what do you do when you're sick
of them I don't I don't have kids I just
assumed there's like a cabinet but I
like a lot because you know I don't know
think they're good at getting into
things you want to lock them in I don't
I don't know kids oh I didn't want to go
with those programs though but oh well
that was foolish but interesting
information Executive Complex here get
in find the computer and steal their
contact list then we'll have our pick of
future targets
so we stream this before but it was the
the earlier version of the game if
you're not familiar with this this is
kind of term turn-based stealth it's
like it's like X come only you're trying
to not shoot things and yes I wasn't
angry that episode that last best of the
worst just went up I have my back
horrible pain that's what was going on
that's that's my world now it's the
world in which I live and it's awful I'm
great
I just know somebody's gonna cry and
walk through that door that's that's
gonna happen isn't it that's just it's
just gonna happen well we'll see I
forgotten what I click for the next turn
how was that oh there we go my knees in
the way because I'm lying down on the
floor
all right he did not walk in this room
that is good but I can definitely hear
there's a guy out there
which way are you going you going
straights oh you're going straight all
right I'm gonna get your shit
yeah nothing else I gonna hide against
some stay there
nope
how well we'll be safe there see you
know he's gonna walk back to where he
was he's doing his patrol so we're safe
we're safe against this wall I guess
I'll take that power
take a risk
take a risk
Oh Emma I can't afford to buy anything
yet why am I even hiding here
that's stupid I'm stupid why am i stupid
now the question is if I open this door
this is the schmuck gonna hear it dick
Jess took a chance he didn't hear it he
didn't hear it we're good
you're going down there all right what
you got when you got in the store kill
him gun and the thing that I can't
afford anyway are you barely afford it
but I don't want it yet because I don't
really have a good gun or mo or anything
and that's fine fine what we got with
fine everything's fine you hear you hear
no game audio is there no game audio
because there should be game audio
there's no good reason why there
shouldn't be game audio yes this is
finally this is finally out of early
access this is this is the complete game
right now and like the difficulty what
they did that I love and Jack doesn't
care about because jack is weird is
fully customizable difficulty options
like if you want to nerf the alarm a bit
or make the alarm really hard you can do
that if you want more or less enemies
you can do that you want you know more
enemies the use your alarm system you
can do that it's great fully
customizable difficulty options I I'm
gonna love playing around with that shit
why would the gameplay audio be
incredibly low it just shouldn't be low
I mean that's thing that shouldn't be
happening
is that better oh now where are my
agents now center we had an agent where
my agent said god damn it God did let's
go why am I stuck a tactical view well
that's that's obnoxious I must have hit
a key or all tabbing didn't like all
tabbing am I stuck in tactical whew
ah son of a bitch how do I turn that off
turn off tactical view I hate you oh
good I did that thing I wanted to do oh
I didn't end the turn that was stupid
oh I'm level one already go come on
hasn't been that long safes we are gonna
need some power though we are definitely
gonna need some power and Decker's got
nowhere to go
that's not ideal
all right that works
you just hang out in that corner do you
frequently just walk to your face
against walls hey hey I'm not judging
it's fine it's fine dude
all right what we got well we got mr.
line let's take a peep this
oh the master 20,000 you have to finish
mark of the ninja marking the ninja is a
fucking great game and well stream it
one of these days that will definitely
happen I have a lot of love for mark
with a ninja play clay knows stealth
they've made 2d stealth work and work
well and now they've made turn-based
stealth work and they've made it work
work well hey they really understand
stealth where can you hide at works
got a camera I'm assuming that's a
camera that's a camera there it is
all right enter rich what do you think
the most interesting dinosaur is
everywhere everyone thinks it's the
t-rex because it's a big monster people
like big monsters they're all
interesting these these weird-ass large
animals that will never get to see what
they actually look like
and I'm taking my time before I know
this thing here right here that says
executive access terminal that's my
objective I'm holding off on taking it
to explore a little because I know once
I get what I need the guards are gonna
change up their patrol routes so I'm
kind of feeling my way around otherwise
first actually I probably got to bring
Decker down first and then I'm gonna let
Internationl grab the goods I will
probably love Dishonored
I played it a little bit like years ago
pick on my old computer I never finished
it because my old computer was shit and
I was getting like 20 frames per second
which was you know unacceptable
unacceptable but I'm sure now that I got
this computer I'll get around to it
eventually games games keep coming up
mmm-hmm
it's gotta be another guard around here
somewhere I'm not flying uneasy I've
only seen about two guards one guard the
two I've seen two areas there that
fucker is all right Decca you're going
over here and Internationl you go
I'm here so I don't I don't know where
the guards are gonna go now
all right
oh good we have the elevator but I
probably want to explore more first get
everything get everything you can take
it all why not why the hell not god damn
it I know you people love the sea our
adventure games look ideally I I will
have us get around to all of the classic
ones because I grew up with those games
and I love them but but it's gonna be a
while it's gonna be a while before we
get around to all of them
want that safe I want it where the hell
is that oh damn it I can't see the
there's gotta be a camera there it is
the corner I couldn't look around of
course of course all right
I think Internationale we're just gonna
have her wait wait by the elevator no
need to get insane oh wait I forgot to
grab I'll get on a motorbike yeah just a
kiss
where is the computer screen oh fuck
I just know there's gonna be nothing
here - I'm doing this all for Jack shit
oh is that an empty room all right all
right this is what is is
empty room it's okay
oh this is probably a mistake I'm
exposed I'm not I'm not undercover of
that corner now that's gonna be a huge
mistake hopefully if nobody comes
through that door this way I'll be fine
all right if I run can I get through
that door in time I can we're running
perfect nobody even heard that sweet
sweet ash it's what that is to the
Batmobile
yeah keep it open fuck it fuck it it's
fine
what designer has a over powered stealth
mechanic that the teleporting yeah they
they have to make if they have to make
stealth games dumb down for dumb people
that's something that just happens a lot
I mean look at the new Batman game were
they fucking ruin the predator sections
but if I think the teleporting is too
easy
maybe I'll just maybe I'll just ignore
it they really they're really interested
in what's going on but bye bye that
bench I mean that's really got
everyone's attention do they find like a
used condom or something and they're all
just talking about it look fucking
around in here man how do they ruin the
stealth sections in the new Batman
they're they're comically easy in the
new one
between the fear take down and the the
no heart alarm and the the larger
sprawling maps were the enemies are all
just spread out and and comically easy
to pick off one by one the fact that
that most of the enemies are just basic
guys you could take down they don't
really have anyone with armor they don't
have anyone that that scans the
gargoyles the stealth and park of knight
fucking blows chunks they went for
quicker and easier rather than
challenging and satisfying
right anarchy wanted some must upgrade
for everyone but I want to hold on to
some money in case I find a good Nanofab
or whatever they want to call them it's
basically a shop Thank You monster if we
find their central server we may be able
to bring them down or at least distract
them long enough that they lose our
trail continue scavenging operations and
I'll keep you posted as more intel
develops as far as what has changed in
this version of invisible ink I gotta be
honest with you it's been been long
enough I I don't know if I can even all
remember what the earlier version was
like
they're all 12 hours away all right
I basically make you burn your first
date with two missions that's kind of
awful
they put mines on the vantage points and
thermite and the grades yeah and the
other games they they tried to take out
actually oh wait I didn't see one mine
on one vantage point in Arkham Knight
but then again I do avoid using them
because I like challenging myself as far
as the thermite and the greats who gives
a fuck you know how often they caught me
with that trick
zero times plus the grates are
everywhere they burn one little section
who the fuck cares just run to the other
end of the map in the grade it's
worthless that's not a that's not a
challenge fuck it fuck them and in in a
freedom of a city or orange origins are
probably both they used to start to
start shooting down the vantage points
so I mean that's hardly a change that is
it
I want you fuck their season pass
bullshit 40 bucks for that yeah Jack's
coming later nine probably probably in
ten or twenty minutes really
do I play the Arkham games uncharred
and hard well I mean you know me my
preferred way of challenging myself in a
game is trying to do a no death run
which honestly I've never successfully
pulled off with any of the Arkham games
yet I've come close an asylum but that's
that's usually how I challenge myself
yeah we'll take that oh my god I might
need that power later but what's done is
done
are you door down there I don't think so
the just can somebody watch through
there
they have that guy that can find you if
you have detective vision on too long
just like that guy on the other games
who would scramble your detective vision
it's not like you exactly need to use
detective vision more than a second or
two at a time anyway as far as how I
like to play those stealth sections they
made everything easier for me a lot
easier I I hated all of the stealth and
Arkham Knight well I think Rocksteady is
going to next a hinted at Superman game
or Justice League I I don't know and if
they do a Superman game it's gonna have
to be a largely different style I don't
see you know the Batman predator in
combat working for Superman I have no
idea what they're gonna do next to me
it's kind of kind of pointless to
speculate really
um oh yeah I'll take that
now no armour-piercing if I could fuck
it
and oh you're not worth it you got a
plan for the later stages and if
something doesn't have armor-piercing
it's worthless they might they might
just do another Batman game because
they've for better or worse they've
blatantly lied about what they're doing
in the past so anything goes
power consoles yes yes I will have those
anything in them well first safe yeah
there's a room oh and I didn't close the
fucking door back there that's fine
that's fine
surprisingly low amount of guards
roaming around for a detention center
talk about evolution or or science or
stuff um what do you what do you want to
talk about with evolution or science or
stuff I could just say heat death again
four or five times was that is that
satisfying he death he doesn't the
universe that's the thing that's gonna
happen I found a safe all that's in
there say oh no there's a door found a
door to a door to a room with another
safe just fine because hey safe
I'll talk about plenty more on jax-ur
I'm kind of I'm you know I'll have
somebody to talk to them what's what's
my opinion under Richard Dawkins I I
prefer pigeons but he's fine
it's all fine stationery fuck you
all right I think first I want to go for
that safe down there then we'll see if
we could find our way around that
stationary cocksucker and please find
find a dead end or something's oh no you
found something even better but I may
need dicker to get through there with a
cloak baby steps baby steps
what's what's the point of the zig zag
hallway you think I a dota so the
building layout is kind of stupid well I
mean it's worth it for something
procedurally generated that isn't the
same every time I mean pick your poison
two cameras on and rooms I'm never gonna
go back to I don't need to hack those
there is a lovely safe for me to hack
though
minimality funny all right
how are you getting through this
they're stealth way through here or am I
going to have to take that fucker out
they would be an incredible asset if you
can get them back on the team
all right
investigating area
see if we get everyone around head doubt
it I'd like to not have to knock that
guy out but let's see if I can find an
elevator without getting caught
shit
shit
oh wait can she
No
what the fuck oh my god that what the
fuck that was very loud my ears
very loud my ears oh my god now you're
all gonna do it because it's very loud
my arse and fuck you if you do
a lot of points all right see how my
ladies fare it's gonna have to be
knocked out no way around it no way
around it that sucks yeah
we found the elevator do I need a
security door key no I really don't I
really don't do I want to knock the sky
out that's the question fuck it you're
fine
all right he's still in overwatch yet
all right you fucker you fucker
oh it's just safe we missed oh fuck
wait no that's a camera I thought that
was a thing it is safe
question is there anything good behind
here or she's just random stuff I don't
think it's worth risking at this point
we're just we're just getting the fuck
out of here
no one no one to cut your losses no one
to run of course you did of course you
did
hi
decker to the rescue all right so this
guy's gonna go and investigate them but
I'm gonna have deck here waiting to take
him out so I get four sprinting
unless you guys hide and time now you
cannot
all right
nobody wanna go there that was a mistake
that was uh that was a goof that was a
fuckin goof alright we'll take him out
too well just fuckin take everybody out
fuck it fuck it anything goes anything
goes
I'm only gonna at least find out what's
in this room now my money is on nothing
house another door to the exit yeah
alright I'll take it
oh of course of course it wouldn't be
any other way
heaven oh you know what maybe Jack has
tried to get in and I have what the fuck
I have a thing turned off that shouldn't
be turned off
I don't remember closing mumble but
apparently it was closed what's so weird
connected
I'll be right back take it off taking a
short break here
you
now we'll see if anybody else can write
so what's up what's up yeah and you know
nothing I've been I've been cleaning out
my office I did yeah
which I know is terribly exciting to
everyone and my Game Capture thing here
doesn't it was just weird when I came
here you were you ended like blue
you had the bars oh that should fix it
anyway
so it's it's back fucking it's back I
gotta move it lower
how do I do that again oh my god oh my
god I forgot how to do that do you just
drag this shit no hi everybody welcome
welcome welcome
more hangs more frauds all the things so
employed played invisible ink I was
going to play Batman but OBS refuses to
stream it there's no video really no
that's weird
really it's a weird thing yeah Jack
handle the shit out of those
responsibilities what responsibilities
did I handle I have no idea what anybody
is talking about with that uh Elvis
Elvis says my audio should be turned up
a little bit I don't know if that's true
or not let me listen to the stream for a
second yeah
well I think I found out all right
button well here's here's me her to me
here's me I could turn me down easy
okay you're all the way off he'd be fine
then it's not it great when I tested
this earlier oh yeah no it's not oh yeah
my kids I put my kids to sleep that's
true that's what my responsibilities
were oh yeah I said you had to put them
away they went to the farm they went to
the farm where they could play all day
yeah well I said you put them in the
cabinet that's that's where you keep
using them right you put them in like a
pebble okay Vic I guess they're young
they would fit hmm yeah audio is all
fine
audio is all time I'm gonna say it was
all fine but it's all it's all fine then
play armored Batman Gotham tank corps I
did not bring the ps4 and you just can't
get the PC plus right now played played
this shit out of that side whoo right
now if I wanted to I think I'm just I'm
you know because we spent the past week
just furiously playing that game I don't
know if I could play it if I wanted to
it I have the episode to edit as well so
which is what I'm doing right now by the
way which is why I'm not in studio with
rich is because I'm editing the pre
record
how's it how's it coming along I know we
talked a lot or in 45 minutes right yeah
was it 40 45 minutes Wow and usually
like usually rich and I will talk for
like 45 50 minutes maybe an hour right
but but we had a lot to say about Batman
Batman Arkham Knight I'm gonna open my
mixer and I'm gonna see if I could still
sing I'm quiet yeah okay I'm talking
jack jack is so smooth he could be a
jazz radio DJ I'd like to think so
the only problem is you're really loud I
don't I don't know what to tell you rich
great great all right I don't know I
don't know if that helps I uh yeah Elvis
says that sounds great so you want all
that everything everything you ever
wanted it's like the end of angley's
Hulk you want it you can have it there's
too many good missions to pick from here
jack I got a vault I got some Ottomans I
yes in my playthrough of Arkham Knight
the bad guys did put motion-sensing
mines like up on the vantage points and
stuff
I never see I never on the vantage
points because I never abused the video
yeah hang out on the gargoyles
eventually they'll start throwing motion
grenades up there and of course I look
as somebody who never use the gargoyles
anyway the stealth shows comically easy
especially with that multiphone we just
instantly kill five guys you did it
I don't know these five guys are really
a problem
look at that thing you did fuck you
right right I've noticed that about your
age I've noticed that about you and I
know I also noticed that rather early
this morning the new best of the worst
went up and so that's exciting huh
I guess pee jokes you know a loss of
Technicolor a lot of people didn't like
angley's Hulk movie I liked it a lot it
had a ton of cheesy elements but I I
liked a lot of it
the ending was very like artistic and
abstract and he insisted on this like
comic book style panel for editing thing
but overall I liked it why would you
care about the mining the gargoyles well
now the new expanded floor grates make
it even easier to get are we back on
arkham knight i am i am because i really
really hate in sections i know you did
and i'm sorry I apologize on behalf of
Arkham Knight you don't apologize and
off jacket you don't apologize enough
both both rich and I did beat the game
so yes we did get to the part where you
have to press X to pay respects to your
dead parents but more importantly you
get to the part where you press X to
even the odds which is or you press
press X to initiate The Killing Joke I
hate for one control oh no for
everything get it back get a little
happy back get a little elisabeth
hasselback like the game counting
backwards i mean the story carried the
game yeah well i wanted you to say it
correctly yes that's that's affirmed by
the way even though I'm not a I'm not a
big story guy I 100% agree with you the
the game or the story in the game made
me want to play it more than anything
so congratulations Arkham Knight you've
converted me
no I'm gonna be horribly disappointed by
the next story game I play I think of
the identity of the arkham knight most
obvious thing in the world they could
have dumped yeah for anyone who's here
when i was playing and we were watching
all of the when we were watching it and
and i called it right at that moment oh
you know like I'm not gonna spoil
anything right now for anyone who
doesn't want a spoiler but the most
obvious thing if you're even halfway
paying attention to the story it's it's
dumb rich what did you say
it's so obvious they they should about a
mystery right I would have been fine if
they just didn't bother teasing it I'm
trying to remember how you put it rich
they because it's a bit too you said you
said it's not a great story but it's
it's a it's a oh but it's told on that
is the most precise way you can put
Batman Arkham Knight where like the
story is a little cheesy a little
hackneyed but it's told so well and and
it's really true the pacing of it the
delivery of this kind of bad story is
worth it
see that would make it interesting what
if the arc of night was Barbara Gordon
all along that would have been shocking
you know no they use Barbara Gordon so
well in that game shined all of the
characters all of the characters were
wonderfully fleshed out oh my lord rich
I think a plane is crashing into the
studio do you fry hello you have the
windows open okay yeah okay okay I'm
doing I'm doing all of the non audio
editing for for both prereq and I had a
big long shoot today it's like I'm doing
all of the busy work I can while I'm
talking to you guys and so like right
now I'm just organizing all the footage
and synchronizing and doing all that
sort of fun stuff so I can get editing
this toot sweet
I have leftover beefcake I am not
planning on seeing Terminator Genisys
why would you I talked I was at the
studio today to drop off my camera and I
was talking with Jay about it and he had
the biggest smile on his face and his
and he's like guess what I saw he was so
happy yes yeah he was added because it
was so awful
Casper elaborate on your question does
it help if you export to a different
hard drive I don't understand the
question absolutely absolutely
dad helps right now I'm actually
importing all of the footage like like I
ingested all the footage but now I'm
importing it all into into premiere and
organizing my folder structure the the
folder structure of both my project file
and my premiere bins are very important
to me organizing those little things is
incredibly tedious but very important if
you want to edit things quickly
if I have the original videos on one
harddrive and I'm editing in the other
and and I'm exporting to another hard
drive is it faster than using one hard
drive anything exporting to another hat
yeah yeah that would be faster depending
really depending on your connection like
if you have a USB 3 or thunderbolt
connection to one hard drive it
shouldn't really matter like you
shouldn't clog up but you know you have
to understand how many kilobits per
second are traveling each way so it
could get clogged up but if you're using
two hard drives yes it should go
slightly faster but I think it's an
all-or-nothing thing I just think maybe
wouldn't work at all if you were sending
too much information
oh yeah and is there oh there's a camera
in there too that's the worst
I wish you sent back Decker that way and
international that's the brakes them's
the breaks
octo G you are correct it also the other
thing that will make a difference is the
read/write speed of your hard drive and
so if it's like a solid-state external
hard drive there shouldn't be a problem
but most hard drives are still spinning
and so you need to make sure that your
read/write rate is fast enough to handle
that information so yeah I mean it's
it's better to work on two separate hard
drives do you have a leftover beefcakes
thing running okay great I got your new
version we have a version 1.5 that oh oh
really that's where we left off the
Thank You list yes oh sweet right riser
G I don't think the binding of issac on
ps4 was ever broken oh shit my name is
Dalton I don't know that much about
computers but I have had to learn about
transfer speed of data because I had it
and use it so many times so I know a
little bit Jack when your audio is
almost a full second ahead of rich
oh yeah probably is we we have come up
with a way of fixing this and this there
will be a fix implemented next time I'm
in the studio
but for now I'm gonna be I'm gonna be in
front of rich because in order to change
that we'd have to stop the stream and
start it again so maybe like an hour
into the stream well we'll stop the
stream and start it over again and
change it oh my so many cameras yeah you
shouldn't find an issue with your ps4
binding of issac I had an issue with the
cloud save and so what I actually had to
do is I stopped using the in-game cloud
save and I used the the PS plus cloud
save and then I would upload to the PS
plus one and download to the PS plus one
so yes what the fuck
indeed I could echo Jack was really
weird
it wasn't terrible and listening to the
Karin echo stream when I was cutting him
up for YouTube it you know like it's so
obvious
only because I'm the only one with the
echo but it wasn't even an echo who's
more like reverb which is why I loved
singing the Monster Mash these two safes
are just not worth it it's just not
worth it Jack I'm getting out of here
I'm getting I'm getting the brain agent
behind
Aereo oh I don't really have anywhere
else to go do i oh god I'm so far I'm
very sorry so fired maybe maybe maybe
baby I was rich what are your feelings
on Buddy Holly great I don't have them
he is dead he's dead I guess I don't
have like too many strong feelings of
Buddy Holly either he had some he had
some nice songs some very interesting
songs the man used a glockenspiel so
much power this snaps socks fuck this
game why is this game as hard as this
why is it as hard as it is I don't know
yes because it's a good game it is but
it's a to hard good game well I you know
I haven't been playing it that much I
since as you know rich but the chat
doesn't know because we lost all the
audio to that episode I I haven't been
playing it much since the full release
because I'm less excited about it now
you care about height for some reason I
don't I don't understand don't
understand it's not like I care about
hype but hype helps because because
excitement helps you know like being
excited about something affects the way
you feel about it
oh yeah what difficulty are you on
I know I could set things a lot easier i
love the adjustable difficult to do
right now i'm just playing on expert
okay so this is like hard and not mega
hard there's there's there's like normal
/ easy or whatever you want to call it
and there's experienced a beginner
experienced and like experienced plus
there's something weird oh well there
you go
fruit pie magician i think the rich and
i are are not playing demon souls right
now
I enjoyed Demon Souls a lot I can it was
nice seeing like where blood-borne came
from but I'm not playing it I did
finally beat blood-borne it made me feel
good that the ending was a little
anticlimactic but that game is all about
the journey anyway so I I feel good I I
feel like I don't need to go to New
Game+ but I want to go to New Game+ I
feel like I need a lot more fucking
powers okay I'm sorry sucks
blows
I got there's like 13 billion things to
hack and I got home power to hack any of
them because I accidentally started with
the upgrades I didn't want to start with
baby programs and now I can't rejection
oh for pi magician I was stuck on that
giant moon monster for a while the giant
moon monster the the thing that always
killed me was I'd be in there fighting
the guy and he'd puke all over me and
then he'd puke all over the floor
what ending did I get are there multiple
endings oh god oh no
maybe it was I tried now I tried really
hard not to look like into the game
because I wanted to experience it myself
so see where that gets you well I mean I
still am happy with blood-borne it's
still you know I probably wouldn't be
happy I'd probably be really upset that
I didn't get like a good ending cuz I
probably didn't get the good ending I
don't I don't I haven't seen them all in
my own eyes I don't know one good ending
was just different so that must be the
best ending there's just three different
endings okay well listen I need some
security consoles
so badly do you have um that like leach
did you get the leech thing here no no
no I guess I just started too quick I
started with the ones you start with the
lockpick which is crap and the power
drip which is also crap so I have no I'm
sorry yeah then you know what they're
both there I know that's probably what
I'm gonna do I'll just watch the other
endings on YouTube that's what I always
do and I you know what never regret
sometimes like I'm glad I didn't see
like the ending or I didn't know
anything about the ending when I got
there so I'm happy about that but yeah
I'll probably just look up the other
endings on YouTube oh that's right I I
met the Canadians I was so happy I
finally met the Canadians and spent some
time with them and it was a really good
time as you all know because I was on
best of the worst with Colin so there's
no longer bad blood between me and the
Canadians
except for apparently Colin is a
horrible racist some no is not settled
that was the Joker Joe I think people
get did that was the joke are dumb
because there's certainly not a racist
and that was the joke what's so funny
about that Jack because he's obviously
not a racist that the humor is I don't
know listen I don't get it it was it was
jokes we made in the moment they seemed
funny at the time but they won't they're
never there never if I am you baby you
make me sick it's true I make a lot of
people sick I got no way to get more
power this is awful um we I ate
doughnuts rich it both rich and I did
not 100% complete Arkham Knight I did
100% to every side mission except for
the Riddler puzzles I don't have the
patience to collect all the rivers that
nobody should I cried I tried like but
it got way too tedious but I did 100%
every other side mission and I was
really happy with some of them but rich
and I just watched the ending on YouTube
so we could talk about it
but you know what you'll see it in the
review I'm I'm listening to make sure
all the audio is synced up right now
looks great it looks very rich hour and
forty five nines sweet that's right I
got the Buster ship that's a good that
sounds like a slog what sounds like a
slog Elvis Elvis yeah the Riddler
there's too many how many was it like
it's almost 342 243 I think the first
one had 200 that was also too much but
II was just finding the trophies and you
had to have to do some stupid
complicated puzzle ship before you got
it and then like I I got about like 60
puzzles done and I that was enough for
me I couldn't do any more except the
echo what I go
yeah yeah yeah no I have a slight echo
now that's weird so the audio is just
barely getting worse for no good reason
I think they're hearing me before
they're not here they're hearing me
before you because you have I'm I'm
hearing me yeah I'm hearing my
adventures too but they're also hearing
you on a delay compared to me because
you delay your own microphone to sync up
with the game audio and so because my
audio is coming through the same channel
as the game audio you are delayed to
both of us so no no Jack no I didn't put
the the vault access card oh fuck
mission just get out of there I gotta
make the best out of it oh this is
awesome
two tribes rich is not coming through my
speakers into my mic I am wearing
earbuds
it is a promise my problem is 100%
mumble mumble and rich is wearing canned
headphones I assume yeah I'm sick of
doing tests and having everything sound
great when we do the test and then we do
the stream and everything sounds like
shit I'm gonna really well here's the
fix there is a fix
it's died slowly
it is to die slowly uh part of the fix
is with your audio doing something
similar that I do with my audio which is
running my audio through a whole
separate computer and into the zoom and
that'll get rid of the weird delay I
think as far as the echo is concerned we
have to go back to Skype but right now I
think the audio is fine people say
they're putting up with a slight echo
yeah mumble is not working and we never
quite know why but we're just gonna have
to go back to Skype I think you're right
we need to recruit more pimps and more
pushers I'm very sorry that you mission
isn't working out yeah
this power clip what does power grip do
again yeah one oh yeah that sucks you
need to you need that leech that you can
like put on multiple things that takes
one away every that that can hurt as
much as I can help too though sometimes
you need to hack so how is your I
suppose but that fusion that that gives
you like three points a turn three
powers whatever give a shit TG Phoenix
we we started using mumble mumble was
suggested to us for better audio quality
and I do think like mine on echo voice I
think sounds better than if we were
through Skype Skype oh it sounds like a
phone call a bit and so we want mumble
to work because the audio quality is
better metal better yeah but it's just
not going to because we get this echo
every time what do you know what I hate
in the world everything I'm tired
everything in the world
no problem Phoenix I'm like I try to
explain why we make the decisions we
make they don't always work they usually
don't work but as Cameron Mitchell
redeemed himself Cameron Mitchell has
passed away it's really tough because we
had a streak of Cameron we like we found
the butter zone of Cameron Mitchell
which was like after he hit rock bottom
but before he died like and before he
was like too old where you know the
first movies we saw him in word terror
in Beverly Hills and knife dick what was
a knife dick not humming the one where
the guy you know the the guy the Rambo
he's in the forest taken and he has to
defend himself against the militia
deadly prey Oh deadly deadly prey and
tear in Beverly Hills were some of the
first Cameron Mitchell movies we saw
with you know Tara Beverly Hills has
closed the fucking doors and Deadly Prey
is Cameron Mitchell's brilliant
I've been down there I've been down
there there ain't no music down there
with the pimps and the pushes those are
two brilliant Cameron Mitchell
performances and what we're learning is
those might have been the best Cameron
Mitchell performances yeah yep so now
we're catching all of the other stuff
because him to him in low blow I mean
it's more funny for him just big drunken
emotional rather than his performance
being amazingly funny exactly exactly
well thank you bland up face 55 we're
glad you enjoy our content so in in my
opinion the more Cameron Mitchell we see
the more disappointed we are but this
was still pretty good Cameron Mitchell
only because like what rich said he was
he was done he was literally uh he could
sack in that movie in low blob and it
would have had the same effect Oh
low blow I'm so excited movie dicks he's
watching low blow after the stream
tonight rich nice stick around after the
stream watch a low blow with the Chad
you need to see low it's great it's
great if I'm still awake I'll watch a
little bit I'm I can't recommend like
that and Lady Terminator especially like
if you know anything about editing watch
Lady Terminator and try to figure it out
it's great
no look low blow
won't be streamed live through the
channel what happens is the some of the
moderators give a link to stream the
movie and we all kind of synchronize the
start time and then in chat talk about
it
no if you just stick around the chat
after this dream they'll give you the
directions like where to watch the movie
and when to put when to press play it's
good times what am i doing now all
thanks for absolutely no no I'm working
I can't die right now rich I'm working
you can always that's always an Astra
unfortunate if I am dot if I died at
this exact moment cuz I'm getting some
work done Hey ordell excellent that's
that step that's death there's nothing
you can do everybody poops if you're not
doing one you're probably doing
everybody does especially you wait a
minute I don't remember that part what
I'm doing now is copying all of my sound
effects into my editing folder I have a
special editing folder for every project
the every project gets its own folder
and in that folder all of the assets
have their own folder audio-video
project files Premiere After Effects of
it if if anyone is an editor look into
look into an application called post
haste it automatically generates folder
structures that are exactly the same so
you can keep your projects exactly the
same
no matter what you can even create
template editors you know like you can
create template projects in final cut or
premiere and it's great I use it all the
time and it's free it's a free
application for editors and post
production workers post haste I'm gonna
die like all of your characters are
gonna back yeah they're not a bad
situation they're surrounded there in
one room I mean I want you to do like
anything the new Mad Max name doesn't
come out until September oh we're doing
something else fuck this fuck this game
I like this I love this game but fuck
this game fuck this mission I'm very
sorry
no I like I like it when you have a good
time it is posthaste Mac only I didn't
know that oh well sorry for your PC user
I didn't I thought they were both that's
what posthaste which is a file and
folder generation application that I use
for editing apparently is Mac only okay
yeah shit happens
yeah that's that's double true but it's
it's a great program if you have a Mac
apparently oh no it's it's Windows seven
or eight to system requirement is Mac OS
X or Windows 7 or 8 with dotnet I don't
know what that means
but it is both
ah you got nothing else I don't know no
I don't got nothing Jack oh my I don't I
don't know what to tell I can't I don't
know they're saying you should play
missed can I stab myself in the ball I
don't daddy you would want to do that
well miss given the option okay XCOM I'm
seeing a bunch of ex come all right fuck
it play oh they're saying play dotnet
talk about that was it
yes both rich and I have be Batman
Arkham Knight we did not 100% it but I
very proudly 100% at all of the side
missions except for the Riddler ones
here's something I'm just curious about
why is everybody always so concerned
with whether or not we've beaten a game
why is that it so important well
especially a game that we're reviewing I
think I think some games that were
reviewing it's more important to be than
others but you know because Batman
Arkham Knight had such a strong emphasis
on story like you said I it was
important that we see the end of the
story right oh yeah yeah I'll agree
there but I mean every game we play
whether or not we reviewed it or not did
you beat such a such it seems like they
just want to know if we're done with it
how we felt about it
that made that makes sense to me
I can dig on that nah I'd want to know
I'm playing it I'm not a super X combo
but fucking I'm turning it on no you're
not in a Super X can move what kind of
what kind of rich Evans is it oh also
before you start
XCOM do you want to switch over to Skype
dream right listen to the stream tell me
how bad it is it's not terrible it's not
it's not terrible there why is there so
much of the settings we ran off that is
weird um there there is an echo on both
of us it's weird because my echo comes
after me but your echo comes before you
you know it's just gonna be worse we go
to Skype but all we can do it I'll give
a shit you know I think we should do
here's my here's my wild and crazy idea
cut the stream I'll Skype and you should
also remove the lag so that we can hold
a normal conversation without me being
in front of you with the rest of it for
the rest of the chat ghetto sit lord
lowly bail machine 3 to 2 brings knives
to gunfights gilroy mix Punk urban
vermin
my name is Tate the real Quaid
Magnus PU turbo Jesus 5000 buttermilk
biscuits a horrible glory spooky Dookie
and child-bride thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
why don't all of these names sound like
better thoughts robots I don't know
I watched an episode of the new battle
bots oh it's fucking awesome
I guess you remember battle bots
checking gravity central way back one
yeah I know I'm like maybe see I've just
discovered it and it seems more brutal
than ever I don't know if they like
eased up on restrictions what kind of
weapons you can lose on your robot but
there was some destruction going on
that's great okay cut the stream

[Part II]
now we'll see if anybody else can write
so what's up what's up yeah and you know
nothing i've been i've been cleaning out
my office I did yeah which I know is
terribly exciting to everyone and my
game capture thing here does no no just
just weird hey why did that matter when
I came here you or you had like blue you
had the bars uh-huh this should fix it
anyway so it sits back fuck its back I
got to move with lower how do I do that
again oh my god oh my god I forgotten
how to do that do you just drag the shit
no hi everybody welcome welcome welcome
more hacks more frauds all the things so
annoyed played a visible link I was
gonna play Batman but OBS refuses to
stream it there's no video really no
that's weird really it's a weird thing
yeah jack handle the shit out of those
responsibilities what responsibilities
did a handle what the fuck I have no
idea what anybody is talking about with
that uh Elvis Elvis says my audio should
be turned up a little bit I don't know
if that's true or not let me listen to
the stream for a second yeah yeah
I think I found all right button well
here's here's me her to me here's me I
could turn me down easy okay you're all
the way off he'd be fine then we sounded
great when I tested this earlier oh yeah
no it's not oh yeah my kids I put my
kids to sleep that's true that's what my
responsibilities were oh yeah I said yet
to put them away they went to the farm
they went to the farm where they could
play all day yeah yeah well I said you
put them in the cabinets that's that's
where you keep using them right you put
them like a pebble I draw okay Vic I
guess they're young David fed hmm yea
audio is all fine audio is all time I'm
gonna say it was all fine but it's all
agree it's all fine then play armored
batman gotham tank corps god I did not
bring the ps4 and you you just can't get
the pc + right now so played played this
shit out of that annoyed whoo xicon
right now if I wanted to I think I'm
just I'm you know because we spent the
past week just furiously throwing that
game I don't know if I could play it if
I wanted to it I have the episode to
edit as well so which is what I'm doing
right now by the way which is why I'm
not in studio with rich is because i'm
editing the prerequisite
how's it how's it coming along I know we
talked a lot or in 45 minutes rich yeah
wasn't 40 45 minutes Wow and usually
like usually rich and i will talk for
like 45 50 minutes maybe an hour right
but but we had a lot to say about batman
batman arkham knight i'm gonna open my
mixer and I'm gonna see if I could my
mother while still saying I'm quiet yeah
okay I'm talking right now jack jack is
so smooth he could be a jazz radio DJ
I'd like to think so all right the only
problem is you're really loud like i'm
sorry i don't i don't know what to tell
you rich gray all right great ants all
right I don't know I don't know if that
helps I oh yeah Alvis says that sounds
great so okay mmm-hmm time visible link
up okay that was quiet earlier not
everything now you got everyone you want
all the everything everything you ever
wanted it's like the end of angley's
Hulk you want it you can have it ah
there's too many good missions to pick
from her jack I got a vault I got some
advanced mega special weapons over the
vault I yes well in my playthrough of
Arkham Knight the bad guys did put
motion sensing minds like up on the
vantage points and stuff
I never say I never on the vantage
points because I I never abused the van
oh yeah like I'm hang out on the
gargoyles eventually they'll start
throwing motion grenades up there and of
course I die hang out outside look as
somebody who never use the gargoyles
anyway the the stealth ships comically
easy especially with that multi food
hate down way we just just instantly
kill five guys you did it I don't know
these five guys are really a problem
look at that thing you did fuck you
right right I've noticed that about your
age I've noticed that about you and I
know I also noticed that rather early
this morning the new best of the worst
went up and so that's exciting huh I
guess I've a super excited I'm peeing
obeying my pants p jokes so temper your
expectations you know a loss of
Technicolor a lot of people didn't like
angley's Hulk movie I liked it a lot it
had a ton of cheesy elements but I I
liked a lot of it
the ending was very like artistic and
abstract and he insisted on this like
comic book style panel for editing thing
but overall I liked it why would you
care about the mining the gargoyles when
now the new expanded floor grades make
it even easier to get are we back on
Arkham Knight I am I am because I really
really hate him star sections I know you
did and I'm sorry I apologize on behalf
of Arkham Knight you don't apologize and
off jacket you don't apologize an offer
on behalf boat both rich and I did beat
the game so yes we did get to the part
where you have to press X to pay
respects to your dead parents but more
importantly you get to the part where
you press X to even the odds which is it
or you press press X to initiate the
killing joke my hate for one out of
control oh no for everything get it back
get a little happy back get a little
Elizabeth Hasselbeck like the game kill
him sitting backwards I mean the story
carried the game yeah well I have all
know what I wanted you to say it quickly
yes that's but that's a fair by the way
even though i'm not i'm not a big story
guy i 100% agree with you the the game
or the story in the game made me want to
play it more than anything so
congratulations are tonight you've
converted me
no going to be horribly disappointed by
the next story game I play what I think
of the identity of the Arkham Knight um
most obvious thing in the world they get
a dump yeah for anyone who's here when I
was playing and we were watching all of
the when we were watching it and and I
called it right at that moment oh you
know like I'm not gonna spoil anything
right now for anyone who doesn't want a
spoiler but the most obvious thing if
you're even halfway paying attention to
the story it's it's dumb rich what did
you say it's so obvious they they should
about making a mystery right I would
have been fine if they just didn't
bother teasing it I'm trying to remember
how you put it rich they it was probably
because it's if it suits you you said
you said um it's not a great story but
it's it's a it's a oh but its total on
that is the most precise way you can put
Batman Arkham Knight we're like the
story's a little cheesy a little
hackneyed but it's told so well and and
it's really true the pacing of it the
delivery of this kind of bad story is
worth it God take a chance on me count
on me take a touch
see that would make it interesting what
if the Arkham Knight was Barbara Gordon
all along that would have been shocking
uh you know no they use Barbara Gordon
so well in that game barbican shined all
of the characters all of the characters
were wonderfully fleshed out oh my lord
rich I think a plane is crashing into
the studio do you fry hell what you have
the windows open okay yeah I'm just got
a shotgun oh yeah last bits in there
bugging okay okay I'm doing I'm doing
all of the non audio editing for for
both prereq and I had a big long shoot
today it's like I'm doing all of the
busy work I can while I'm talking to you
guys and so like right now I'm just
organizing all the footage and
synchronizing and doing all that sort of
fun stuff so i can get editing this toot
sweet
uh I have leftover beef cake I am NOT
planning on seeing terminator genisys
the bread why would you I talked I was
at the studio today to drop off my
camera and I was talking with Jay about
it and he had the biggest smile on his
face and his and he's like guess what I
saw surely the Janice's he was so happy
it was happy because it was awful yes
yeah he was having because it was so
awful Cosper elaborate on your question
does it help if you export to a
different hard drive I don't understand
the question yeah absolutely absolutely
yeah you gotta learn how to answer these
questions jack yes yeah yeah yeah sure
dad helps I want to be young right now
I'm actually importing all of the
footage like like I i ingested all the
footage but now i'm importing it all
into into premiere and organizing my
folder structure the the folder
structure of both my project file and my
premiere bins are very important to me
organizing those little things is
incredibly tedious but very important if
you want to edit things quickly
if I have the original videos on one
hard drive and I'm editing in the other
and and I'm exporting to another hard
drive is it faster than using one hard
drive hundreds of anything on the
exported to another yeah yeah that would
be faster depending really depending on
your connection like if you have a USB 3
or Thunderbolt connection to one hard
drive it shouldn't really matter like
you shouldn't clogged up but you know
you have to understand how many kilobits
per second are traveling each way so it
could get clogged up but if you're using
two hard drives yes it should go
slightly faster but i think it's an
all-or-nothing thing I just think maybe
we wouldn't work at all if you were
sending too much information another
station oh yeah and is there oh there's
a camera in there too that's the worst
I wish you sent back Decker that way and
internationalist that's the breaks
them's the breaks oh I like any of those
who walked oh gee you are correct it
also the other thing that will make a
difference is the read/write speed of
your hard drive and so if it's like a
solid state external hard drive there
shouldn't be a problem but most hard
drives are still spinning and so you
need to make sure that your read/write
rate is fast enough to handle that
information so yeah I mean it's it's
better to work on two separate hard
drives do you have a leftover beef cakes
thing running okay great I said look
terrific I got your new version we have
a version 1.5 that oh really that's a
point where we left off the thank you
list yes oh sweet all right riser gee I
don't think the binding of isaac on ps4
was ever broken oh shit my name is Todd
I don't know that much about computers
but I have had to learn about transfer
speed of data because I add it and use
it so many times so oh I know a little
bit yes check when your audio is almost
a full second ahead of rich oh yeah
probably is we know we have come up with
a way of fixing this and this is there
will be a fix implemented next time I'm
in the studio
but for now I'm going to be I'm going to
be in front of rich because in order to
change that we'd have to stop the stream
and started again so maybe like an hour
into the stream will stop the stream and
started over again and change it boy o
my amrah so many cameras oh yeah you
shouldn't find an issue with your ps4
binding of isaac i had an issue with the
cloud save and so what I actually had to
do is I stopped using the in-game cloud
save and i used the the PS Plus cloud
save and then I would upload to the PS
plus 1 and download to the PS plus one
so yes what the fuck indeed I could echo
Jack was really weird it wasn't terrible
and listening to the Karen echo stream
when I was cutting him up for YouTube it
you know like it's so obvious only
because I'm the only one with the echo
but it wasn't even an echo who's more
like reverb which is why I loved singing
the monster mash these two safes are
just not worth it it's just not worth of
jack I'm getting out of here I'm getting
I'm getting the brain and I need you
behind
I'm just I'm just not looking for that
area oh this is this i don't really have
anywhere else to go do i oh god I'm so
far I'm very sorry so fired maybe I'll
be okay here maybe maybe maybe baby I
was rich what are your feelings on buddy
holly great i don't have them he is dead
he's dead I guess I don't have like too
many strong feelings of Buddy Holly
either he'd need some he had some nice
songs some very interesting songs the
man used a glockenspiel Oh wasted so
much fun power this map sucks fuck this
game why is this game as harder please
why is it as hot as it is I don't know
yes because it's a good game it is but
it's a too hard good game well I you
know I haven't been playing it that much
I since as you know rich but the chat
doesn't know because we lost all the
audio to that episode I I haven't been
playing it much since the full release
because I'm less excited about it now I
am I know your weirdo you care about
hype for some reason I don't I don't
understand doesn't don't understand it's
not like I care about hype but helps
because because excitement types you
know like being excited about something
affects the way you
feel about it oh yeah what difficulty
are you on expert that's worse I know I
could set things a lot easier i love the
adjustable difficulty to right now I'm
just playing on me expert okay so this
is like hard not mega hard well there's
there's there's there's like normal /
easy or whatever they want to call it
and there's experienced a beginner
experienced and like experienced plus or
something weird oh well they go fruit
pie magician I think the rich and iron
are not playing demon's souls right now
I enjoyed demon souls a lot I can it was
nice seeing like we're blood-borne came
from but I'm not playing it I did
finally be blood borne it made me feel
good that the ending was a little
anticlimactic but that game is all about
the journey anyway so I I feel good I I
feel like I don't need to go to New
Game+ but I want to go to New Game+ I
feel like I need a lot more fucking
powers oh hey I'm sorry Fox blows
I got there's like 13 billion things to
hack and I don't know how her to hack
any of them cuz i accidentally started
with the upgrades I didn't want to start
with AV programs and now i cant
rejection o 4 pi magician i was stuck on
that giant moon monster for a while the
giant moon monster the thing that always
killed me was I be in there fighting the
guy and he'd puke all over me and then
he puke all over the floor what ending
did I get are there multiple endings oh
god oh no maybe it was I trying now I
tried really hard not to look like into
the game because I wanted to experience
it myself so see where that gets you
well I mean I still am happy with
blood-borne it's still uh she'd be happy
if you know I probably wouldn't be happy
I'd probably be really upset that I
didn't get like the good ending cuz I
probably didn't get the good ending I
don't I've I haven't seen them all my
own eyes I don't one good ending was
just different kinds of acuity how can I
wonder what to be jackin to you so that
must be the best ending I think I've
yeah yeah there's just three different
endings okay well listen I need some
security council's
so badly do you have um that like leech
did you get the leech thing here no no
no I cuz I you just started too quick i
started with the ones you start with the
lockpick which is crap and the power
trip which is also crap so I have no I'm
sorry though I could probably hack their
camera alright alright that's a start
yeah that you know what they're both
your eyes out that's probably what I'm
gonna do I'll just watch the other
endings on YouTube but that's what I
always do and I you know what I never
regretted sometimes I'd like I'm glad I
didn't seem like the ending or I didn't
know anything about the ending when I
got there so I'm happy about that but
yeah i'll probably just look up the
other endings on youtube oh that's right
I i met the Canadians I was so happy I
finally met the Canadians and spent some
time with them and it was a really good
time as you all know because i was on
best of doors with Colin so there's no
longer bad blood between me and the
Canadians
except for apparently colin is a
horrible racist something he knows
knocks I should be saddled with that
that was the Joker show I think people
get that was the joke what are dumb okay
will change because they're certainly
not a racist and that was the joke
what's so funny about that Jack because
he's so obviously not a racist that the
humor is not oh no listen I don't get it
it was it was jokes we made in the
moment they seemed funny at the time but
they won't they're never there never
volume you baby you make me sick it's
true I make a lot of people sick I got I
got no way to get more power this is
awful um we I ate Donuts rich it both
rich and i did not one hundred percent
complete Arkham Knight I did one hundred
percent every side mission except for
the Riddler puzzles I don't have the
patience to collect all the river said
nobody should I tried I tried like but
it got way too tedious but I did one
hundred percent every other side mission
and I was really happy with some of them
but rich and i just watched the ending
on youtube so we could talk about it but
you know what you'll see it in the
review i'm i'm listening to make sure
all the audio is synced up right now
looks great it looks great rich hour and
forty five nines sweet oh that's right I
got that buster ship that's a good man
that sounds like a slug what sounds like
a slog Elvis Elvis yeah The Riddler
there's too many rid how many was it
like it's always 342 243 I think the
first one had 200 that was also too much
but the view is just finding the
trophies you had to have to do some
stupid complicated puzzle ship before
you got it and then like I i got about
like 60 puzzles done and I that was
enough for me I couldn't do anymore
except the echo what I go
yeah yeah yeah oh I have a slight echo
now that's weird so the audio is just
barely getting worse for no good reason
I think they're hearing me before like
like I said they're not here they're
hearing me before you because you have
I'm I'm hearing me yet i'm hearing my
head judge too um but they're also
hearing you on a delay compared to me
because you delay your own microphone to
sync up with the game audio and so uh
because my audio is coming through the
same channel as the game audio you are
delayed to both of us so no oh no Jack
no I didn't put the the vault access
Cardinals inventory son oh fuck vision a
mission just get out of there I gotta
make the best out of it oh this is awful
uh two tribes rich is not coming through
my speakers into my mic I am wearing
earbuds it is a promise my problems one
hundred percent mumble mumble and riches
wearing canned headphones I assume yeah
I'm sick of doing tests and having
everything sound great when we do the
test and then we do the stream and
everything sounds like shit I've been
really sick now well here's the fix
there is a fix its die slowly
it is to die slowly uh part of the fix
is with your audio doing something
similar that I do with my audio which is
running my audio through a whole
separate computer and into the a zoom
and that'll get rid of the weird delay I
think as far as the echo is concerned we
have to go back to skype but right now I
think the audio is fine people say
they're putting up with a slight echo
yeah mumble is not working and we never
quite know why but we're just gonna have
to go back to skype I think you're right
we need to recruit more pimps and more
pushers oh that's this mission just
fucking wash oh this is awful I'm very
sorry that your mission isn't working
out yeah this power motors power trip to
again you get 10 yeah that sucks you
need to you need that leech that you can
like put on multiple things that takes
one away every that that that can hurt
as much as I can help too though
sometimes you need to hack so sure I
suppose but that fusion that that gives
you like three points a turn my powers
to turn whatever you fucking call it I
don't give a shit uh TG Phoenix we we
started using mumble mumble was
suggested to us for better audio quality
and I do think like mine on echo voice I
think sounds better
then if we were through Skype Skype
always sounds like a phone call a bit
and so we want mumble to work because
the audio quality is better metal better
yeah but it's just not going to because
we get this echo every time what do you
know what I hate jack in the world
everything I'm sorry everything in the
world ah no problem Phoenix I like I try
to explain why we make the decisions we
make they don't always work they usually
don't work but has cameron mitchell
redeemed himself cameron mitchell has
passed away last month it's really tough
because we had a streak of Cameron but
we like we found the butter zone of
Cameron Mitchell which was like after he
hit rock bottom but before he died like
bed before he was like two old where you
know the first movies we saw him in word
terror and beverly hills and knife dick
what was nice dick ah not humming the
cop the one with a guy you know the guy
the Rambo he's in the forest taken and
he has to defend himself against the
militia deadly prey Oh Deadly Prey
deadly prey and tear in beverly hills
were some of the first cameron mitchell
movies we saw would you know Taryn
Beverly Hills has closed the fucking
doors and deadly prey is Cameron
Mitchell's brilliant I've been down
there I've been down there there ain't
no music down there with the pimps and
the pushes those are two bro
in Cameron Mitchell performances and
what we're learning is those might have
been the best Cameron Mitchell
performances yeah yep so now we're
catching all of the other stuff cuz him
him in low blow I mean it's more funny
for him just big drunken motionless
rather than his performance being
amazingly funny exactly exactly well
thank you Lana face 55 we're glad you
enjoy our content so in in my opinion
the more Cameron Mitchell we see the
more disappointed we are but this was
still pretty good Cameron Mitchell only
because like what rich said he was he
was done he was literally a he could've
ever faced ammo meat sack in that movie
in lobe lobe and it would have had the
same effect Oh low blow I'm so excited
movie dicks is watching low blow after
the stream tonight rich I'm all nice
nice stick around after the stream watch
low blow with the Chad you need to see a
low blow I score a lazy Asian detective
it's great if i'm still awake i watch a
little bit i'm i can't recommend like
that and lady Terminator especially like
if you know anything about editing watch
lady Terminator and try to figure it out
it's great
no look low blow won't be streamed live
through the channel what happens is the
sum of the moderators give a link to
stream the movie and we all kind of
synchronize the start time and then in
chat talk about it though if you just
stick around the chat after the stream
they'll give you the directions like
where to watch the movie and when to put
when to press play it's good times what
am i doing now all thanks for absolutely
no no I'm working I can't die right now
rich I'm working you can always dye
that's always an Astra unfortunate if I
am done if I died at this exact moment
cuz I'm getting some work done Hey
ordell excellent that's that's def
that's def there's nothing you can do
about is everybody poops if you're not
doing one you're probably doing
everybody does especially you you wait a
minute I don't remember that part what
I'm doing now is copying all of my sound
effects into my editing folder I have a
special editing folder for every project
every project gets its own folder and in
that folder all of the assets have their
own folder audio video project files
premiere after effects of it
if anyone is an editor look into look
into an application called posthaste it
automatically generates folder
structures that are exactly the same so
you can keep your projects exactly the
same no matter what you can even create
template editors you know like oh you
can create template projects in Final
Cut or premier and it's great I use it
all the time and it's free it's a free
application for editors and post
production workers post haste think i'm
gonna die like all of your characters
are going back um yeah there are a bad
situation they're surrounded there in
one room and no doctor I mean like an ox
I wanted to do it like anything the new
Mad Max game doesn't come out until
September yeah we're golden else oh
we're doing something else fuck this
fuck this game i like this i love this
game but fuck this game fuck this
mission I'm very sorry no I like I I
like it when you have a good time is
posthaste mac only I didn't know that oh
well sorry for your pc user I didn't I
thought they were both that's what post
placed watches a file and folder
generation application that i use for
editing apparently is mac only okay oh
shit happens yeah don't let that's
that's double true but it's it's a great
program if you have a Mac apparent
oh no it's it's windows 7 or 8 to system
requirement is a mac OS x or windows 7
or 8 with.net i don't know what that
means but it is both I don't know what I
don't know do you get nothing else I
don't know no I don't got nothing jack
oh my i'd iike i don't i don't know what
to tell I can't I don't know huh they're
saying you should play missed oh can I
stabbed myself in the ball I don't daddy
you would want to do that well miss
given the option okay there's so many
Blacks come I'm seeing a bunch of X come
alright fuck it play oh they're saying
play dot net I know that was some time
talking about those days that was it yes
both rich and i have be batman arkham
knight we did not one hundred percent it
bond I very proudly one hundred percent
at all of the side missions except for
the Riddler ones here's something I'm
just curious about why is everybody
always so concerned with whether or not
we've beaten a game why is that it so
important well especially a game that
we're reviewing I think I think some
games that were reviewing it's more
important to be than others you know
because batman arkham knight had such a
strong emphasis on story like you said
it was important that we see the end of
the story right
oh yeah yeah I'll agree there but I mean
every game we play it whether or not we
reviewed it or not did you beat your
chest such as such it seems well I can I
just want to know they just want to know
if we're done with it how we felt about
it let me that makes sense to me Karen I
can dig on that I'd want to know I'm
playing it I'm not a super XCOM booed
but fuck it I'm turning it on I don't
know much anymore you're not in the
Super X can't move what kind of what
kind of rich Evans is that oh also
before you start XCOM do you want to
switch over to skype uh how bad is it
you your list I can listen to the stream
right listen to the stream tell me how
bad it is what the fuck
it's not terrible it's not it's not
terrible there why is there so much of
the settings we're off that is weird um
there there is an echo on both of us
it's weird because my echo comes after
me but your echo comes before you you
know it's just gonna be worse we go to
skype but I'll we can do it I'll give a
shit you know I think we should do
here's my here's my wild and crazy idea
cut the stream ah i'll skype and you
should also remove the lag so that we
can hold a normal conversation without
me being in front of you with the rest
of it for the rest of the chat ghetto
sit Lord lowly battle machine 322 brings
knives to gunfights gilroy mix Punk
urban vermin my name is Tate the real
Quaid Magnus PU turbo Jesus 5000
buttermilk biscuits a horrible glory
spooky Dookie and child bride thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
while all of these names sound like
battery thoughts robots I don't know I
watched an episode of the new battle
bots oh it's fucking awesome I guess you
remember BattleBots Jackie's man comedy
central way back one yeah I don't like
my religion see I've just discovered it
and it seems more brutal than ever I
don't know if they like eased up on
restrictions what kind of weapons you
can lose on your robot but there was
some destruction going on that's great
okay cut the stream

[Part III]
that I'm I'm somehow clearer than you
but you know we're just not gonna fight
it yes that's the that's the real thing
we're gonna go with it
we're gonna see how we sound I'm gonna
when I listen to the stream and and see
if we sound okay because I have that
kind of power did you fix y-your your
game is like overblown or nerd are you
just gonna say fuck it oh um for now I'm
gonna say fuck it I have no idea what's
going on I'm gonna figure out what is
the why do I have doubles of all of my
Iron Man games and progress now I have
no idea that is so fucking weird
I love this game 119 I play XCOM a lot
less so recently I'm gonna turn game 11
I'm gonna assume this is one of the new
computer things got yeah I'm something
that's it
I'm gonna turn down my mic a little bit
here's my mic turned down a bit which I
can't thank you know echo yeah no echo
no echo it's really weird it sounds good
I turned my mic down a little bit so
hopefully that sounds a little bit
better for everyone did my I wonder if
that cup that could have gotten deleted
the last one I with everybody in the
chats name no impossible one I'm looking
for the Iron Man game I left off with
with everybody
oh yeah that's right but something weird
is going on because my era man games are
duplicated oh that's very strange
yeah rich knows that his screen is a
little zoomed in is it figured out a
second he's gonna figure that out
alright what the fuck everyone is gone
that I didn't delete that save I know I
didn't
there's weird things going on with my
fucking save games people are saying
they believe your last file was
corrupted was it corrupted that's what
they're saying
okay fuck are we starting a new game one
I guess we are because we are
well we did it we also messed with the I
think the latency had to do more
twitchplayspokemon is wondering what the
latency is like I think the the me
coming from the future was because rich
had his mic offset on a delay to sync up
with the game he added on a 2000
millisecond delay and so that's why you
heard me before rich and so we turned
the we turned the mic off set to zero so
now you should be hearing rich and I
relatively close to one another now I'm
just trying to figure out why the my
half the game let's cut off of the
screen that doesn't make any fucking
sense at all is it the is it to blown up
in your in your window like you know fit
to fit to window
yeah it's fit the screen oh that's very
strange slant fullscreen yeah I know
anybody in the chat know why the fuck
that is I
well oh well I I'm sure there is an
easier way to say than 2000 milliseconds
but that's how OBS measures the mic
offset in milliseconds and so I was just
giving you the exact number of all we
had that's what it's called they they
measure their mic offset their mic
offsets in milliseconds
don't play it fullscreen I don't know
right now I see a black screen they're
saying check to see what your resolution
in the game is it's still blown up as
far as I see twitchplayspokemon is
saying try rese electing the game in OBS
you know like when you when you select
alright fine fuck it fuck it we're doing
great they should I mean they shouldn't
really matter right I don't know what's
all along the edges click like click
click click there's nothing now oh wait
wait wait wait
nope still cut off still cut off let's
see here and you trying to read
selecting the game in OBS okay did you I
didn't see you change any of your your
graphics or your video setting I'm
holding I'm holding what are you doing
nothing I'm masturbating I forgot to
stop to masturbate that's not I mean
that's not appropriate
yes yes you stupid questions Jack yes
for some stupid questions to
motherfucking Shay can you go to let me
let me see those resolutions again I
think you have it at the wrong because
I'm seeing it you have it at the wrong
well you're at graphics now hold on see
if you can find like 1280 by 720 and
yeah you know something like bit because
that's what were that's what we're
broadcasting at we're broadcasting at
1280 by 720 so alright so either that or
a 1920 by 1080 would work I'm at 1920 by
12 by 1080 and in X come yes are you
sure yes I'm sure I didn't see that
take a look right now jack oh right
fucking though I'm taking it
oh my god you totally are so now in OBS
can you make sure it's the right size in
OBS just double time as you know I can
I'm not there I'm not there I can't help
you fit to screen does nothing okay
position size reset size does nothing
well I'm should then then see if you can
go down to 1280 12 1280 by 720 alright
do that it'll be great
no well I may be great at all it'll be
great for us we'll be able to see what
you're doing
and that'll be nice
yeah there you go there you go your
shitty resolution i guess we're starting
a new game is this all I could do now
that's honey that's hi-def I've never
you know what I've never done impossible
I'm own stream do it and I'm out of
practice so this will be this just be
fucking great
alright death a lot of death a lot of
that of death so what's is like what is
what are they doing impossible here
what's the difference it says someone
like me who is an exam well do you not
even know all right
fuck yeah I'm assuming they have aiming
bonuses sure I don't even know what an
aiming bonus is I think that's great
they're already volunteering ribs can
you keep track of that cuz I'm laying
down and I'm but it's awkward for me to
look at the chat monitor sure thank you
okay well let me tell me when you're
ready
cuz it's me it won't be the lab for the
first mission so yeah usually we uh you
know it's the first people I see like
volunteer for duty after rich-ass that's
gonna be one of his okay and try not to
spam you're you're volunteering for duty
and no one else certainly no other
player could ever do as good as you I
mean there's not players what get at it
yeah
good luck commander you know I've been
getting to know boy salon lately just
you know whistling whistling in the dark
whistling in the dark woman came up to
me and said I'd like to poison your mind
with wrong look she looked at me I
looked at her and this is what I said to
myself I don't I don't know they might
be gay I'm gonna start with North
America for the money bonus I'm so
excited
there's got to be bloody I'm excited I
wonder if her first missions gonna be an
Istanbul not Constantinople Oh
if samples once constant oval yeah I
know that only because if they might be
giants why they changed it I can't say
yeah I think people just liked it better
that way yeah that was the first CD I
ever bought that was the first full
album I ever bought was they might be
giants flawed it's great up fantastic
Apple they've not matched it uh you know
there's some good stuff in there I think
mink car doesn't get as much love as it
should also I don't special Mouse that's
amore are you forgetting about factory
showroom the factory showroom is a
beautiful they might be giants album
ain't nothing better than flood I'm
sorry now it's part of it it's part of a
it's part of the puzzle it's part of the
pieces oh thank you active day
I will do that
are you playing enemy within or enemy
unknown well then it's the only way to
play hey ma you know I didn't know the
90s work at times yeah time these are
were good times
probably I'm probably gonna get my ass
beat and I mean flood is an amazing
album but I think I think there's also
there's other good albums factory
showroom being one of them se XXY is a
beautiful song New York City come on
here's here's a promo criminal you see
you're gonna highlight where I can move
yeah all right now you see these
sections here yeah I can move there
can't move here I can move there can't
move here it's because there's an alien
there oh so I know there's an alien here
it's an alien here there's an alien here
so what I'm gonna do shooting bastard
that I am mm-hmm is I'm gonna nuke them
from orbit nice I mean that's that scam
in the game a little bit but you're an
impossible so you gotta you gotta use
the tricks you have but I think they get
for health so they're not gonna die yes
they're not that no no but I know where
they all are
that's the grenades are not useless that
is horrible horrible I'm very sorry no
you know pretty sorry don't lie to me Oh
a horrible glory you're right Apollo 18
is a good album to write you know it's
it's like almost every one of their
albums is great almost every one of
their albums I mean Lincoln has a bunch
of hits on it I think Lincoln is the one
with you'll need a crane one of my
favorite they might be giants on is that
you'll need a crane
just about like a couple divorcing it's
great but it's you know it's that they
might be giant song so it's a little
happy and poppy ah they might be Jen's
what do I think of Weezer I'm okay with
both the Blue Album and Pinkerton I
think you should probably get him
inhaler that's a very funny joke rich
thank you for lying
that's nice of you rich I guess what I
meant to say is I acknowledge that you
just made a joke hold on for a sec I'll
be right back
or will you you know it's not safe
you've got a grenade you don't take pot
shots out these fuckers who's got a
grenade you've got a grenade and you've
got a grenade and you've got a grenade
and take a shot what's for second dad oh
sweet fight nice things with pop guns
this is terrible
oh you're a death machine
who exposed take the shot take the shot
take a better shot you fucking whip on
that what what is happening what we're
shooting it what do you think is
happening we're shooting at aliens I
just came back and you were yelling you
were you were yelling I have a I have a
most likely not interesting but I have a
Weezer story someone I was asking about
how I felt about Weezer Jack I think it
possible for pussies
yeah yeah why are you are you kicking
ass I'm just kicking ass I mean maybe
it's you're so good at XCOM that even
impossible can't stop you but of course
this is the first mission okay so Weezer
I as I've mentioned before I'm not like
a terrible like I'm not terribly like
into music I love music but I never like
seek out music so I didn't find out
about Weezer until way later and I
thought you're a big music object oh I
love music I really enjoy listening to
music but I never really seek it out I
just you know let whatever comes to me
come to me and you know I'm not like I'm
not into music in the way like Josh you
know Josh's oh yeah he's crazy in music
he's crazy into music he knows all the
new bands they'll tell you everybody's
disco everybody's discography no matter
who they are but I you know some but I
love music I'm just not you know I'm not
that into music oh pardon so so I get
both I go to where was that oh you know
what I went to Madison I went to Madison
because Lisa was going to school there
at the time and so I would often you
know go to visit her and I'm driving
back and it's very late at night I have
to drive back to be to work by the next
morning
and so it's you know it's probably two
three in the morning and I'm driving
back to Milwaukee from Madison and Lisa
gives me the blue album to listen to I
you know like that and this might be
like by the time like the green album
came out and I was like who's this
Weezer band I've heard so much I've
heard Island in the Sun once and so you
know she Lisa is a fan of Weezer and she
gives me the Blue Album and for anyone
who's listened to the Weezer Blue Album
it's this wonderfully like simple pop
rock album every single song is is
pretty much by the numbers simple pop
rock and it's great until until you get
to the last song which is this
seven-minute epic of a number called
only in dreams and so I'm very tired I
you know I I didn't you know I wasn't
drinking at all that night but but I'm
very tired and just driving the long
stretch of nothing between Madison and
Milwaukee and I'm feeling a little bit
out of it and all of a sudden only in
dreams comes on and it is a ripper of a
song and it was so much for me to
process I believe I had to like pull
over on the highway just to listen to
only in dreams because I'm like you know
my mind was all warped I was all tired
and this incredible song came on Jack
when you say Ripper makes me think
you've been eating too many beans I eat
a lot of beef is there is there a better
word you could use the door no no don't
try to click on a different soldier you
idiot you fool you fool you're gonna get
everyone killed how could you do that
what is wrong with you you don't have a
grenade and you open that door and you
deserve to die
oh I'm sorry oh fuck fuck oh yeah a
horrible glory of Foo Fighters the color
in the shape that's a great
- but but you know that was my like my
one Weezer story was discovering the
Blue Album in its entirety and listening
to it at a late night and just falling
in love with homie and dreams great song
Pinkertons a good album dude and then
you know it kind of gets a little hazy
after that no I didn't meet me there at
a truck stop diner like Doug met the
beats yeah I liked the gorillas telegin
rich how do you feel about the gorillas
I can't think on one song they've done
oh sweet I like that they have two
albums live I believe album 1 and album
two you would probably know they you
know their hit song was was called the
Clint Eastwood hey happy I'm feeling
glad I got sunshine in a bag I'm useless
but not for long you know that one Robin
up I spit a guy to death I don't think
any of us know what VidCon is so we're
probably not going to it whatever it is
could be a big yeah it might be but it
might be a just a videomaker convention
maybe so no no I will I will come to
that possibility yeah but but yes both
of the Gorillaz albums are fine albums
do you know rich you know the band blur
I mean you're making really good jokes
no I'm not yeah no no you're not
blur you know they did a song number
Damon yeah they did that song that goes
woohoo and I think I bet everybody heard
that song so that sometimes the the guy
the guy from blur went on to make the be
part of the guerrillas with like some
hip-hop producers and some electronic
musicians and it's this it's this like
melting pot of musical styles that
really works together I have to run away
I know I know you're not big on the hip
hop's but even for those people who
aren't super big on the hip hop's
there's del the funky homosapien who's a
fine rapper producer and he's he was
also part of the guerrillas first album
I don't remember if he was on the second
album and I think who produced the first
album was it was it Dan the Automator
and then Danger Mouse produced the
second album and it's it's there there
are two albums and they're very
different feelings cuz there's kind of
like a rotating cast of who's in the
guerrillas and who produces the albums
it's very nice you did yes you did it
rich you're hunkering congratulations
okay yeah Dan the Automator like your
ass motherfucker you're like you're
terminated motherfucker did they say
that in Genesis I'm sure I'm sure your
tournament you know if there was any
line from any other movie I'm sure they
said it somewhere in Terminator Genisys
you're terminated motherfucker I don't I
don't get on roofs jack gets on roofs I
do not get on
I am a big fan i hunker down on roof but
but you know you you might get on Roos
yes the lady who plays Daenerys
Targaryen is the one who's playing Sarah
Connor and Terminator Genisys so I can
only assume her acting is terrible
Jack what no losses boom Rachel dies
congratulations
I'm very and and this is the hardest
difficulty setting thanks oh my god what
was that
that's plane crash no like that's plane
crashing it at all congratulations
nice
but if anyone has ever seen Game of
Thrones you know that Daenerys Targaryen
is a horrible actress so maybe she
stepped up her game in Genesis but Jesus
Christ man she's terrible 9/10 he didn't
get the bells why do you never get the
melds rich because it's more important
to have your people live mm-hmm mm-hmm
meld will come with time they'll be
easier to get once I have better troops
to and you get better troops by keeping
them alive yes technically you know
telegin I don't know if I have a
favorite Rahl doll film they're all very
whimsical and wonderful all right I need
some names okay I just are we doing
subscribers or just anyone subscribers
okay there's gotta be perks it's gotta
be perks we've got to be perks okay I
the first person I saw when you said
that it is urban vermin forbidden vermin
oh my oh my god you guys are scrolling
they see they see me scroll and well she
got well she got I did a dick neutral a
girl called dick neutral I love it I
love it she's dick neutral she's a
lesbian yeah and and Elvis she's a
bicurious lesbian she's a bicurious
Neverland though husband uh Elvis Elvis
is saying pick
captain my captain so Elvis should get a
slot - oh yeah how many slots do we have
oh we got tongue oh great
then Oh bother also gets another slot
only because he provided us with so much
wonderful beer Oh bother I was passing
your beer around to the Canadians said
Oh H bother or just Oh bother
Oh H bother ok first name Oh second name
bother that sounds great ok
we were we were passing around your beer
when the Canadians were in town and and
discussing it with joy so thank you
again before brewing and sending us a
beer give me give me a couple others for
later on oh is that it for an hour get
some new blood Jack let's see here oh I
see a horrible glory and volunteering
for duty
oh yeah Oh bother if I hear that anyone
else got a sore throat I'm calling you
out but but I did but I don't drink so
no I think that was just me it just
coincided with me drinking your beer
that I got sick that was not that was
not a I don't believe it was your fault
okay nice I see well here's the thing
no no fear no Envy I think wants to be
called tits McGee okay as soon as you
said that I saw no fear no Envy type in
tits McGee
how about tits Envy that's what that's
what you wrote in no fear no Envy so
that's what you get if we could change
it out of shit it's fine he's fine fine
everything is fine they're just the
first names I saw as soon as rich asked
for another name oh it should have been
pixel tits
I'll take tits McGee
hey there pixel tits who said that first
where'd that come from and okay for the
police quest from Bob the prostitute
character all I can hear is you saying
and and so like I want to say you but
that also sounds crude enough where it
would be something that I would say or
was it the chat or was the chant I don't
know I don't remember who said that I
don't know that's fine that's fine
great then you know what then it's all
fine
prioritize weapons because those fucking
forehead bastards that sucks
what does a four-hit mean your your
assault rifle those three points of
damage
typically okay in normal and classic
like the the early aliens have three
health so it matches up impossible they
have four health so it almost always
takes two hits to kill alien and
impossible Oh yuck
you might get lucky and hit a critical
shot but probably won't that's that
sounds like it's a little harder partes
I lost I did not go to the gym I went to
a gym once in my life and I hated it I
did not exercise for any of my weight
loss it was 100% diet I walk pretty
regularly and that's about the extent of
my exercise is walking button but my
diet was all or my weight loss was 100%
diet I drastically changed my diet and
it took mmm I'd say maybe six to eight
months and then I really started losing
a lot and after after about ten months
to a year
I dropped the most I've gained a little
bit just because I've been pretty pretty
loose with the diet lately but that
happens everything does not happen again
yeah I love it and I love it
well on the way home and I just because
everything else is closed a probably
gonna settle for a cheeseburger well be
the first one I've had in like a week
and a half so I think that's it I think
you're doing great rich yeah I really do
I read and you know what you have a
cheeseburger once a week that's not
gonna hurt you right but but no I think
you're making you're making really great
steps yeah
Oh oh fuck oh my god
first mission is a fuckin bomb disposal
you're gonna make me fight Finn mom oh
you're gonna do that shit it's
impossible man
yes GJ is very important the the diet
that I did was the the 4-hour body diet
the slow carb diet which basically means
for six days out of the week I ate
nothing but vegetables lean protein and
beans that's it
tactical decision we're skipping it oh
my god you can do that yeah do it do it
so that six is out of the week and then
the seventh day you eat whatever you
want and and that's what I did I did
that for a year straight and it worked
like gangbusters look into it it's it's
a it's based on a book called the 4-hour
body written by Tim Ferriss and really
fantastic book about about your body and
how you can control it the slow carb
diet and it worked like I said where I
mean I was the final count 70 60 60
pounds I lost 60 pounds total
and since being a little loose I've
gained about 1015 pounds back but I'm
still in a comfortable weight as first
skipping it's you can skip it in any
difficulty but the council message I
think those are just kind of bonuses but
if you like skip an abduction mission
there's all kinds of nasty consequences
so it's not something you can always
just do with something where you are
weighing consequences I think if you
skip a duction mission panic goes way up
oh sure sure and what happens is like if
there's too much panic you like a list
start losing countries right I think by
skipping that council mission maybe the
panic might have went up a bit in that
country but it it went up in Europe
which I'm probably not gonna bother
trying to save all of Europe because the
bonus just isn't good enough mmm so that
was that was a tactical decision oh sure
sure Lucky Strikes is sitting in the
commander good commander knows when to
cut and run to accept loss yeah yeah I
agree I agree as you were saying oh you
know Lucky Strikes was was mentioning
that they never ate above 1,400 calories
and lost a hundred and fifty pounds and
have maintained it off for about two
years not eating about 1,400 calories a
day and I think that's like
congratulations that's yeah how long did
it take to lose that weight it's the
question well you know I think they
everyone says like the average is 2,000
calories a day that's like the normal
right yeah and like I know you know I
did calorie tracking when I was on my
diet and I'm on the slow carb that's
about what I was doing like 14 to 1,500
calories per day mostly in vegetables
beans and lean protein so I think if you
can stick to that I think you can lose
weight pretty drastically Oh Lucky
Strikes is saying about 13 months to
lose that much and that's pretty good
that is pretty good Lucky Strikes like
it's it's important it's important so
congratulations
I don't know if it's like and and also I
don't know and I don't care if this is
barring anyone this is stuff that's
important to us right now oh god it's so
important to our country just listen to
them listen to Michelle listen to
Michelle Oh she'll Obama is all about
making them kids not so fat any
suggestion for a weight gaining diet I
know nothing about building muscle talk
to Jay about that
that's true Jay's got the guns I just
wanted to not have such a belly that was
my big thing no oh no I mean Monday
suggested getting up on a roof I think
that might help you actually Jack flash
once speak again though you're right -
yeah boom yeah Jack what Jack there are
enemies on the roof Oh God get off the
roof I can't okay I took a chance and
sprinted up here oh my god I'm so sorry
that's what I got that's what I get for
going on the roof you should never
listen to me in a tactical game I don't
make good tactical decisions rich
goodbye rook my my go-to breakfast meal
usually like on the diet if I'm 100% on
diet my breakfast is three hard-boiled
eggs about four ounces of spinach cooked
spinach and a half a can of beans
that's my breakfast and I love it it's
it's it's amazing
so hard-boiled eggs spinach and beans my
go to lunch if I'm on diet is broccoli
chicken and beans and dinner is usually
some sort of
fish and cauliflower but I haven't been
100% on diet I've been actually been
digging some oatmeal recently for
breakfast
I do instant oatmeal with a tablespoon
of peanut butter mixed in to give me a
little extra protein and a kind of
banana so peanut butter banana oatmeal
it's great turkey is comically dead
oh I'm sorry Ricky sorry horrible glory
you can blame Jack for that one yep
beans black beans for breakfast small
red beans for lunch
Oh oh my god oh my god oh sure and you
know I see in the chat some people are
saying like it's really just about
eating in moderation and that's true I I
was looking for a more drastic way to
lose weight I like I really I wanted to
drop pounds faster and and yeah if you
just eat less calories then you know or
if you move what's what is it if you
expend more calories than you take in
then you lose weight but I was hoping
for a big drastic weight loss which is
why I went for this time because I had
heard you can do that and it works so I
do canned beans I rinse my beans it's
important to rinse your means and that
takes away some of the bean enos of them
it's what it means I did say that I
rinse my beans
may as well take some alien scum with us
ah binary - yes I have thought about
getting a compressor for when loud
screams happen like rich screams I found
that a compressor doesn't work as well
as a limiter and rich are you use it
you're using the zoom right now right
yeah yeah and so I actually have the
limiter on right now so rich should
never peek and so if he does decide to
scream I mean it'll still be louder than
normal but it shouldn't blow anyone's
speakers ancient necro no I was not
concerned that my weight loss would
affect my branding as no one really knew
me before the weight loss so I was not
too concerned luckily we started we
started the best of the worst right at
the tail end of the diet which is extra
funny for anyone referring to me ads
aids mobi because at the time I had lost
a bunch of weight and so all I heard was
they think I'm skinny oh you're done
you're done that can end no other way oh
I'm very sorry
future future day Jay wants to know how
did you overcome food convenience did
you prepare days of food in advance for
me no because I I'm very lucky I work
from home you know and so like I I'm
here most of the time anyway and so
that's I just make my meals when I was
here it it didn't mean that I had to
budget extra time to cook and that was a
hard transition but I got I got used to
it and I did have like you know there
are things like like Jimmy John's
unhhhh witches which are great on-the-go
snacks or like a Chipotle or Qdoba x'
taco salad without any rice those work
great if you're on the go there's always
stuff you can get on the go
salads
it was yep Oh is everyone dead yep
Jack yeah fuck your roofs this is I'm so
sorry
fuck your roofs I went on the roof I'm
very sorry everybody died oh I'm very
sorry I'm I'm very and you know you
should never listen to me when it comes
to tactical decisions no no ever you
should I mean you know what this is your
fault because you should have known that
Richard neutral wants to know how does
beer fit into this low-carb diet it
doesn't
all right names no God names let's see
here Oh
JP versus the world says that he's ready
to hunker down or she or they JP versus
the world
and and the telegin this is me just
picking the first person that says you
know me or I'm ready or whatever after
rich asks for the next one and Meisner
Oh Aidan I have no problem with
premature death Meisner one mi z en er
one
and Oh
Zeno trope says me because you killed
Elvis Delphine's that's xen Oh trope PC
training actually mom my kids have seen
me inside on I haven't seen it yet I
really want to see you inside out my
kids have seen it they they went with a
friend it's fine it's good it's good
I I mean I like pizza but it's not as
good as the best Pixar movies but it's a
lot better than some of the worst in
mid-level Pixar movies oh then I'm
excited to see it I mean I want to know
how they handle you know that kind of
that that's really abstract thinking you
know like the personified emotions
terminus head get a royalty check
absolutely every single time someone
sees it I know I tried to talk to my
kids about it after they came home from
seeing it like what did you think about
it and they were usually there their
jabber boxes after movies but after they
saw inside out they were relatively
quiet so I don't know if they understood
what was going on but I think I'm just
gonna go see it one of these days
what what have what just happened rich
did you like to hit a microphone or
something yeah my elbow must have
knocked into it I spun away from me
weird it was weird
I was on the ground I got the microphone
hovering above my head
I'm sorry all the sudden like from my
point of view all I heard was thump and
then you were quiet Richard Neutra wants
to know how long I've worked from home
like I said you know like I'm a video
producer I'm a freelance video producer
editor and I've been doing it full-time
now for maybe five years I don't exactly
remember when I when I kicked over to
full-time but I'm gonna want with your
neutral never go in without a heavy you
have no heavy I do now oh good she was
sick last mission oh you hate it again
yeah that's fine yeah that's all fine
what am I gonna die get this shit over
worth jack
I can't I can't tell you then
fuckers fucking fuckers and you fuck
those bugs they are fucks mm-hmm
wait who's fucks the aliens aliens what
do you think I'm talking about
hey maybe maybe you were mad at one of
your recruits no okay crew makes a
mistake it's my fault I'm in full
control I can't get mad and recruit well
you know maybe they take a shit shot I
don't know well the tickets shots cuz I
told them to take a shit shot yeah but
maybe they failed like if they fail like
a 95% shot and that's they're following
Jack a smart ex-con player understands
that a 99% shot means a 1% chance to
miss and you plan accordingly you know
this is why I'm not a smart ex-con
player yeah I just don't have the
tactical brain that you have this is
what have you performed but she Williams
like to having cover and also being
alive but I'm Chang
no I missed one yeah first I better
shoot him that would be smart
usually it's smart to shoot the things
you want to shoot that's my that's my
advice to you rich
it's a shoot the things that you want to
shoot and don't use the things that you
don't want to shoot I'll try not to be
so helpful in the future please try not
to be so helpful you know you're being
too helpful I know I know I got nobody
who'd make a shot on that guy now that's
a shame it's a shame
so Shauna is oh my lord vaguely Colton I
fear what very cold night sorry Jen I
had to step away for a moment as I'm I'm
now organizing and ingesting all the
footage I shot today I had another shoot
today right she was terrible yeah I had
to wake up at like 5:30 6:00 in the
morning I'm so sorry it was alright I
actually didn't get out of bed until
like 6:30 so I used to be but I'm
especially not sorry I used to be really
good about waking up that snooze button
early morning all-day shoot that's part
of waking up is acid in your cup that's
I've heard that about acid I would not
want to wake up to acid though I think
you need to be mentally prepared for
that
I was shooting some commercials today's
Funkmaster Flex you opt or cover oh fuck
it all I don't know what kind of cover
half cover it should that should have
totally annihilated that fuckin thing oh
that's alright I'm gonna take a
calculated risk
Oh God well I mean I got I got a back-up
plan I gotta save good smart XCOM
players have backup plans which I didn't
need to use mm-hmm cuz the 55% shot work
but I took the 55% shot because I had a
back-up plan
oh well there you go so basically the
lesson is have a back-up plan
all right well that's a good lesson
that's a good lesson I don't know if I
can say what commercials for I don't
know if they're out yet I'll check out
that I've been shooting some commercials
I'll see if they're out if they're out
I'll tweet about them or whatnot they're
just silly commercials is that what you
call them they have it so they act
they're just silly things child-bride
that's not even a question child bride
wants to know the answer is yes well
it's a before or after question before
the yes that's the correct answer by the
way rich is is do you prefer to poop
before or after you shower who prefers
to poop after man you gotta get in there
right before the shower and then you
shower and everything's clean what if
you don't have to go before I'm just
saying like in a perfect world right
well hardly perfect let's let's say
there's one a Bruin and you you get the
choice between before or after the show
obviously you do it before the shower
that's the obvious answer
always always proof before you shower so
judgmental yeah some joke well I'm just
saying like it's a chance for extra
cleanliness why wouldn't you take that
what about before after a bath does it
make a difference i I'm gonna assume
that most adults don't take baths what
that nothing's wrong with a bath it's
just not very tiny fuckers better hit
something I got flank jack no I got
Flint oh thanks
ROG that's right groovy ash if you poop
after your shower it makes the almost
the entire shower
obsolete oh shit aw stop as helpful as I
would have liked
Oh Chet you're terrible everything's
terrible everything's there
everything is awful that's not true
everything is beautiful and wonderful we
live in a golden age rich a golden age
of being beautiful and wonderful they
think they think oh god no they think
they think they think Jack what Jack I'm
in no mood for your shenanigans hi
there's no shenanigans here I think
everything's beautiful wonderful no mood
for your shenanigans
no no shenanigans so great you better
critical it's okay I had the back-up
plan always have the back-up plan I
always have a back-up plan so many
enemies this would be fun if they had
the normal amount of Health mm-hmm is
that a thing you can adjust
I'm sure there's yep sharing I'm not
that but Oh Maude yeah that's the joy of
using a PC you don't have to put up with
shit
something's garbage you say how fuck
that I'm changing the rules we play by
my rules bitch doesn't you say when you
play on PC
okay
sure whatever you say Mac hello Mac
whatever you say
a lot of clicking a lot of clicking
happening sorry now I'm getting into
some I'm getting into some actual
editing editing so I'm not paying
attention to this jet and I apologize
you're right turbo Jesus it's a golden
age where we get to decide if we poop
before or after showers all out of
grenades
everyone's out of grenades yeah I've had
to waste them all oh I wouldn't say
wasted betting they they were use well a
type couch talk I mean yes there's new
couches why does everybody care so much
about the couches because they're
different I guess and it's like yeah we
use those characters all the time I want
to say the couches were Mike's idea I
think he picked them out there's very
they're very comfy lousy Mexican Mike no
the shop and they're very comfortable
couches they're a little hard to get
into like they're high up couches but
they're very comfy so you know turbo
Jesus I watched the PC gaming conference
rich did you need a PC gaming conference
Eddy you know Mike said for there would
all be hardware it was oh and it wasn't
it was a lot of game talk and MIT was
mostly boring it was very very very long
and a lot of rehashing what had already
been said at other conferences we did
get to see some extra strength gameplay
which I was really excited about but
yeah it was it was mostly a chore to
watch I did not much care for the PC III
showcase and and yeah a lot of there was
some hardware talk but not a lot of it
yeah none of the counters are good the
red couches are nice there they're
little they're fluffy and significantly
fluffier than the helicopters but
they're very comfy so
all right all or nothing you can do it I
believe in you
are you my dad either way
either way or it's either you're gonna
do it or you're not gonna do it you
better crit you better crit there's no
way you can tell them to crit
it work Oh work oh god no what happened
my fell off the stand Oh God and I don't
know where it went
I'm trying to put the mic back on the
mic stand there we go oh boy oh fuck oh
god what happened
they gave me two supports the most
useless class
I need firepower and they gave me water
guns Oh supports fuck off no I'm very
sorry not as sorry as I am
who wants to be this lovely black girl
let me get back to the chat here
frosty snooze says me ow
so Frosty's news gets to be that lovely
black girl
support sub port I can't give me a
fucking sniper an assault or a heavy you
know you give me a to fucking supports
we're gonna lose this war against the
aliens yeah that's really too bad cuz I
I kinda thought we supposed to win that
war can't always have what you wanted
Jack true but sometimes you might find
that you get what you need that's a
quote I understand that from a Star Wars
Episode one The Phantom Menace
it's a quote from house I thought it's a
it's a actually a rock and roll song
right I know that but it's it's in house
all the time
no isn't yeah okay ah I didn't want that
much house oh you're an idiot
ouch this house is great yeah I kind of
got the and I kind of Gump a bit
you're an idiot house is great you know
like I watched the first season it's
like I get this how you did house is
amazing
it's more amazing than you could
possibly imagine
oh he's really smart and everyone in
every episode is not gonna believe in
house mati is and then at the end
they'll figure it out and it's not lupus
but his looks like lupus Andy I get it
you you get nothing small minded man I'm
also a small mind small minded little
man
well first month was horrible horrible
everyone's gonna die
aliens will take all over the world oh
well you've doomed us all rich
doom so congratulations you've killed
the humans sighs it's more than the
medal good mystery and that it's not
lupus I mean it's about house being
house and him being an interesting
character and enjoying how much of an
asshole house is Jack oh no no but
that's all I'm saying is like I got the
basic premise which I'm okay with oh my
god I don't want to make it sound like
that's a bad thing
you know like I enjoy procedurals which
is basically the same premise over and
over again I enjoy things like detective
stories are the same thing over and over
again but I just there was there was
only so much you could put up with house
oh and I get it like that was his
character but you know after a while it
just worth it commander
and not even spin it just like I just
didn't care you know like I get it I get
it
yeah you pretty smart that's great oh
you like basic social skills I get it
jack has no taste yeah and that's the
thing like a lot of people compare house
to Sherlock like house is the modern-day
Sherlock Holmes which I agree and I can
put up with something like the Benedict
Cumberbatch's Sherlock because there's
so little of it you know house house has
a lot about close to home we put up with
a character like that give me short
doses you know like yeah the law and
orders you watch any of those it's the
same thing are you getting you know
tired of it
fleshy patch why do you have to spend
$200 on slacks that seems weird why
would you call them slacks not just pots
that's what he called them
plus you panicked says Jack I envy you
working at home I bet you never have to
spend $200 on slacks
well she patch where do you live why are
you like where do you live they call
them slacks also why are you spending
$200 on slacks these are two important
questions then why do anything you know
there must be very nice pants
women's pants or slacks are they I
thought women's pants were just pants
yeah I thought slacks was just another
name for pets oh the I see slacks equals
dress clothes like suit type pants okay
I can buy that
oh so you work in a place which requires
nice pants yeah that would suck
I'm very sorry about that I consider it
a good day if I put real pants on
like then I think I'm getting some stuff
done if I say to myself I might leave
the house today or someone who's not in
my family might come over so I should
probably put on pants two good shots
take a chance there's a third one now
this might be stupid this might be
stupid I might be doing something very
stupid yeah and like that well I I mean
you know I mean when I say pants I mean
not pajama pants not the game of pants
is what pants is I mean yeah we're
pajama pants or pajama shorts or
sweatpants wait wait how did she have
you flanked but not you
that doesn't make any sense flaking
rolls are the same for everybody people
I prefer to say jammies no you know
pajamas I think you can I think you hit
a certain age in which you can no longer
call them jammies that's just me though
okay oh there we go all right I'm
officially done with other work stuff
sack toys there are there sectoid here
rich
it's great yes great
are there any shotgun specialists here
yes they're all great shotgun specialist
when it comes to XCOM I love my shotgun
specialist there you go don't go home
without him don't go home you heard it
here first folks here did here folks
first shit cover everywhere
this is impossible I hate shit cover
well that's what you hear yeah parently
it is I'm bitching about it is that a
problem
yes it's an incredibly big problem
alright are you happy Chad I I grab the
belt I think they're happy about that
yes cabe can't right I did not buy that
sure that you tweeted at me I did save
it though because it's a great shirt I'm
gonna I'm gonna keep an eye on it and
see if it goes on sale I want to say it
was it was it was like 30 bucks or
something and for a t-shirt I thought
that was a little too expensive but it
was a very funny shirt and I thank you
for bringing it to my attention I put it
in that same folder so I can check on it
every once and all to see if it goes in
sale I do
I constantly need new t-shirts to wear
when we film stuff so I'm always on the
lookout for fund shirts to wear there is
no fun there's nothing but fun
there is nothing but fun tedious
seriousness John keel I actually don't
know how much the rlm shirts are are
they 30 bucks there's really actually
don't know off the top of my head I
don't know might be sad you know it's
it's one of those things where I'm I
have felt I I actually I don't have an
RL on t-shirt I need to steal one next
time I'm in the studio ah they're very
nice shirts button yeah no one in the
snow one here has freely sure really
yeah no I know of I know I know I don't
have one
well you know that's weird you know it's
like wearing a t-shirt of the band that
you're in right oh I would do it just
you know to have a free shirt but but I
don't I have no idea how much they cost
if they're 30 that would be too much for
me because I think 30 dollars is too
much for a t-shirt that is not the same
for other people other people are okay
spending $30 on a t-shirt left ever I am
the only person you know where the
t-shirt spread Jean it's it's important
to me because I didn't I try not to
double up I know like Jay has gone
usually tries to wear just like a blank
t-shirt so you can wear the same thing
over and over again and and on half in
the bag they wear their costumes but
it's important to me that that I not
have the same shirt combo oh they are 30
bucks well listen that's okay for some
people not for me
that's fine
chants paid off nice nice
yeah Elvis we're still not quite ready
for our own merchandise I don't think
prereq probably one hates us they do we
were that worthy we're the redheaded
stepchild we're the redheaded stepchild
yes so we're not quite there yet but yes
one that when it comes to merchandising
it will happen no offense intended the
redheaded stepchildren even though it
wouldn't even matter because they don't
have souls still no no offense intended
a hunchback Jack my teachers spreadsheet
only pertains to t-shirts I have worn on
best of the worst or previously recorded
so if I wore an rlm t-shirt on one of
those episodes I would put it on my
spreadsheet but I keep a spreadsheet of
every shirt I've worn for both
previously recorded and best of the
worst to make sure that I don't double
up or if I double up it's not too soon
yeah we're gonna for spend that much on
t-shirts
oh yeah I have I have I knit t-shirts
and so far it hasn't happened but
that's what the spreadsheet is Thank You
mr. breech of the ship do it breach it
bridge it you can do it can't do jack
shit from there but they're like they're
like there are multiple backup plans for
the scenario Uganda then that's all you
need is a good backup plan someone told
me that once 78 % shop mm-hmm that's
never good
don't accidentally move my heavy that
would be bad mm-hmm you're gonna move
over here you can do it you're gonna
shop
oh yeah and telega I'm like we would do
we would do merge if we thought anyone
would buy it what that's that's the
honest truth
but you know it takes a certain number
of sales to you know make money back on
merch and then you know to to profit
from and so like right now we just don't
think there's the market for prereq
merch but we will look into it
if we feel like we could move any of it
all right that's tuitions in a row no
deaths hey the only time I lost somebody
is when I got on the roof mm-hmm jack
told me to get on the roof burn I got on
the roof to be fair I did think it was a
good idea at the time
mmm we can't blame Jack but I think we
can blame getting on the roof
you should I put that thought into your
head that like constantly yeah get on
the roof get out the room so you just
had that buzzing around in your brain
because of you
sniper right I got a sniper visitor one
you're a sniper all right do it do it
oh yeah I know the technical
difficulties image the-the-the me and
rich in the style of day of the tentacle
image I'd love to make t-shirts or
posters with that stuff but again it's
just you know would would people buy
them and I right now you don't think
they would but maybe one day right to
make t-shirts based off a fan art that's
somebody else drew if they said it was
okay they said it was okay okay yeah oh
we would talk to the artists yeah or
hand of course but no also you know I I
know I would love a Oh who came up with
that wonderful crocodile brain lion
brain image with like the the
cross-sections of the of the brain and
then like your face in the middle it was
that was a great like poster that would
be a cool poster to have which one is
something I've seen this one
the it was the crocodile brain lion
brain and like your face kind of in the
middle I don't remember that one
Oh someone in Chad remember this for me
it was a great poster I'm sure I have
the image saved somewhere but I would
love that as a poster someone in the
chat is gonna is going to find a link
for this
come on jet you can do it this might be
salvageable Jack yeah yeah okay Rachel
look in the chin now yeah
the the master 20,000 just linked to it
Oh weird I like that I'm the program I
look like a 80 year old man but that's
good job isn't that cool
don't down down down down yeah I think
like that's a neat poster you know or
maybe like that without without the you
head just the crocodile lion Brandon
don't don't don't use be in there too if
you want care oh he's here I love that I
think that's a neat poster but by virtue
of being a picture of me every picture
of me is ugly no no it's it's
interesting that's the word you're
looking for
don't don't done so you know it's one of
those things where if if we think the
demand is enough to miss it to justify
posters or t-shirts or something we will
definitely do something like that but
right now we don't think it's there
where do we where did we end off
child-bride what was the last subscriber
I announced right is that what you think
yeah was that the last one I announced
uh-huh just a case I know he did spooky
Dookie child-bride Master Kenobi
double-oh-seven Rocher five two four and
come a Cameron Mitchell's ghost thank
you for subscribing
oh no we really appreciate it mr.
Mitchell we are yes are huge fans we
love your work but we kind of love it
ironically so don't be offended
I mean can we say we're so sorry he's
dead I mean it's probably a huge relief
to him no there's no work there's no my
god oh my god would you rather be a you
know a ghost or a drunk desperate actor
staring and low blow Cameron Mitchell he
was the king he is the king he's the
king of no budget features what time is
it jack it is 11:04 p.m. I'm getting
ready to call it okay if you want it
that was some good ex coming if you want
to I know your back is still inking it
is it is one more mission one more
mission one more mission okay and then
unless everybody wants to watch low blow
now would you rather do one more mission
or low blow oh that's the real question
I won't be offended that's right because
afterwards I'll just be an opportunity
for me to stretch my damn legs but I see
low blow already I see low blow love
what are they they're ready for love
okay that's fun no that's fine I call it
now you guys enjoy your low blow okay
all right I'm ending this stream what
before we go thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all the old
subscribers and thank you for everyone
else for just coming out oh they're fine
they know we care I know we I will I
like to remind them it's nice to say and
and stick around in the chat the the
mobs will tell you how to watch low blow
and we will we will all
