Oct 21, 2015
Rocket League, Organ Trail
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/24842081
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/24842812
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/24842868
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djBm14pS8iI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7nC8rzL-v4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLxq71b2Ba0
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/656922455735451648

[Part I]
no we won't be diddling any sooner
anything well I wasn't asking I just
assumed nose command
oh no I was a commanding I just I was
just wanting you know to know what your
feelings on diddling words not that it's
not that we're not gonna do this all
night but it is Back to the Future day
yes so we want to do something something
vaguely related to back there I really
need to get them the chat on the same
side is the camera because every time I
talk to them I'm talking to them yes
that is something to get to get used to
I rich had many things he wanted to do
for her Back to the Future day Jack
vetoed all of them I I'm gonna be the
curmudgeon hey I have my red shirt yeah
I wanted to go to the thrift store to
find a better denim jacket and then I
wanted to get that best thing on know
what a scientist I anticipate is I just
don't give a fuck about Back to the
Future day because why it's a day was it
was a randomly picked day in a movie
it's like people care it's like diesel
calling the phone number
long ago yeah when that movie came out
No oh my god it's the future that's the
appeal I just don't care this man has no
soul I you know I love those movies I do
and usually you're the party pooper oh
wait there's no password
well I press something I don't know okay
you one do four before the fourth or
yeah okay hey the room name is prereq if
you guys want to uh want to come and
play rocket League we're just gonna play
for a little bit he just missed the
point I don't I get it like I I don't I
mean I just don't care like I said it
it's very akin to me to to people
calling phone numbers and uh car
in games and and I just don't care
I just I'm using the steam controller
rich is using an Xbox 360 controller
because that's all we have right now
wait which one am I oh and mine's not
working the one who you're the one who
is not festive at all I'm the one who is
using the steam controller and it's not
working I can't turn you can't turn I
can't turn that's weird right
I can go oh yeah my controller is all
fucked up hit the steam button nope got
him you got him no that's not that's not
even working Oh No
so you just fucked did we go back into
big picture mode before it went starting
rocket League I don't recall no we
didn't we didn't god dammit
okay one match I was one match up I'm so
basically if you're on Team Orange I'm
useless I mean I can just go forward oh
that's jump
hold on I'm figuring stuff out I can I
can go forward and I can jump can I do
anything else
what is this reverse I can go forward
and I can jump I was doing where I was
trying to set it up to play first person
shooters last night right they needs to
be in big picture mode oh I can go
backwards if I keep jumping I go
backwards
yeah I haven't found it is there a way
to set a specific profile to a specific
game they're all set to specific games I
want to customize them for everyone will
remember the customization for every for
each specific game yeah I have not
played rocket League with the steam
controller yet so and I haven't it's
it's fine it works
what happens when you try to use the
touchpad
nothing nothing nothing works on such
bad joystick doesn't work I'm just gonna
be hanging here upside down okay that
doesn't do anything that's how I changed
ball cam oh I can pause it apparently
that's exciting hey don't jump over me I
believe the problem is that we are not
in big picture mode ah you dick you did
relentless terrible oh by the way I
can't even go all I can do is use rocket
boosts like I can't go oh no I can I'm
gone
I'm sorry team I'm sorry that I'm not
here to play with you because the steam
controller only works with in big
picture mode and we forgot to turn it on
and I really do apologize
Krieger 783 says if I score a goal he'll
give me a hundred bucks I will do my
best
almost is for me yeah I hate big picture
mode nah I can't multitask effectively
but then giant fucking ugly text I just
I want to use the gamepad in the game I
don't want to use it as the central
focus of my operating system right oh
that is backwards I do I have the
ability to go backwards now but I have
to jump in order to go backwards oh here
we go
there you go no I cannot turn and that's
really gonna hinder my performance here
but you know hanging out nice nice I
almost saved I almost had a save I was
really happy with that
it's learning no I just I we have to
because we're good we're gonna have to
stop the game and then start it again to
get it in big picture mode
it's okay potent potable it's okay if
you feel bad about this
it happens that is a legitimate downside
to the steam controller I well I want to
be able to use this just in normal play
just as a USB controller and as you see
here we can't
am I having fun right now no but I will
I'll give you $1 if I can touch the ball
oh wait here we go here we go nope that
would be spectacular if I could hit the
ball I think I would enjoy that I think
everyone else would enjoy that hold on
I'm gonna see if I can time this just
right oh I know how to boost pretty
excited about it okay quick here we go
here we go here we go ready ready oh
look at how close I came I missed it see
yeah I'm that one I'm that charred I'm
charred over number one yeah someone
bumped me out of the way
you got screwed somebody bumped me out
of the way of a dollar Oh
and in order to go in reverse I need to
jump first that's just the way that this
controller said I don't suppose the
motion controls are set by any chance oh
that would be neat there's motion
controls yeah oh it's not a
well-publicized feature yeah but it has
them nope no motion controls
but I'm here to I was ready to defend I
am sad I am very sad about this I love
rocket League as I was telling rich not
you know I bought the no no you keep
playing I'm gonna talk I'm gonna talk
about my love of rocket League for a
little bit I bought the backs of the
future DLC twice oh wait wait
buying the steam controller means I got
a free copy of rocket League on the PC
and so I bought the I'm right here
I bought the backs of future deals oh yo
you dicks so I bought it for the ps4 and
for the PC but also I got it for free on
the ps4 you know yeah because of PS plus
so you've gotten a lot of free rocket
League I've gotten two free rocket
leagues but I've bought all the DLC for
both so I think that makes up for it
okay we can do this
the controller defaults to keyboard
mouse mode outside of big picture mode
Oh Oh what are you doing rich you're
turning I'm steering how do you do that
I'm steering rich is gonna steer for me
oh okay okay
okay here we go here we go here Oh Oh
down oh you gotta tell me when you need
me to jump no no youyou you're wrong I'm
just hearing i'm just steering you got
14 seconds you hit that ball okay rich
and I are now working rich is working
the keyboard I have the gas the jump in
the brake we are gonna do this we are
gonna hit that ball okay okay okay get
there get there
nope oh here we go here go yes you you
turned you turned you son of a oh look
at that
zero zero yeah okay yeah you've got a
year exit to main menu yes because we
have to we have to shut down the game
restart it in big picture mode son of a
bitch what the fuck were they thinking
making that a requirement it seems it
seems strange like they're stabbing
themselves in the foot seems a little
unnecessary try again you know what rich
is fine we're gonna try again what I've
also heard it doesn't play nice with the
Xbox controller yeah so that could be a
- now we're fine you say that hit the
same button yeah go to configure
controller I wish that said this this
looks right all right
I mean joystick move yeah this okay
these are official psionics bindings
people can't see that okay okay all
right we should be good
should is the real word of the day
oh no wait I didn't want to don't worry
about me
are you sitting it up yeah four versus
four nice you know what nice fucking
nice rally full we're probably not gonna
be able to get him it's our room I guess
we can get in does it automatically kick
everybody out though uh room just stay
open
I don't know they probably kicked
everybody out we prereq no press no
password prereq no password as we do
tell-tell back to the future game would
probably make for a bad stream yeah that
was the that was the consensus okay uh
uh I can turn I can do stuff oh no oh oh
fuck is this okay there's three versus
two three versus three aren't things are
evening up I feel good about that well
here we go here we go here we go going
in a revival Reverse going in drivers we
are we're gonna play this for a little
bit just because of Back to the Future
day and then we are going to play organ
trail oh my god I whipped because that's
a nice spooky game and so that's our
plan for tonight is rocket League back
to the future and organ trail how do I
get out of my jo you're on my team
sorry sorry you're on my team Jack still
won't be able to hit the ball this game
either hey now that hey we've all had
those games okay here we go it's
happening our rich and I on the same
team yep I'm on the right side screen
and Jack is on the left sided screen wow
that was that was terrible that's fine
there I hit the ball
you happy now you jerks i I did it I
touch I touched the ball that was an
okay hit was exciting it was like no no
god we ready to go I touched the ball
and I got it out of our danger zone nope
nope defense defense defense defense
playing a little defense playing the D
working the D know what I'm saying oh
shit there we go boom clear ball 20
points 10 points oh god damn it yeah I
got this
boom get out of my house
this Back to the Future car so cool I
love the sound effects right there
perfect and then and you know when
you're on full boost and you get to like
the little blue streaks and everyone oh
yeah the blue streets street I was
looking forward to the fire trails I
realized how much I would appreciate the
blue streaks right hopes are dude it's
only two bucks the basically this is all
you get you only get the DeLorean yeah I
do I do wonder if it is a today only
thing they did mention that it was going
to be for a limited time so I do wonder
if you can only purchase it today you
think about Halloween stuff the
Halloween stuff also is limited time
come on I listen I'm sorry about that
that was my that was my whiff and right
now rich we are losing yes I know what
happens sometimes huh that happens
sometimes right right it does happen
sometimes nothing
okay okay maybe you know it would be
annoying if you can only use it for a
limited time oh that would be tf2 has
some items like that that you can only
use on Halloween or on full moon yes and
it is annoying because some of them I
really like werewolf items they're like
haunted items yeah so you can only use
them on Halloween or on full moons oh
they say when you rock it in the air
that your wheels go in as well there's
some details oh they do
I don't think I hit that okay boom boom
it's just chaos that's exactly what 4v4
is rich that's something to both love
and hate about it coming out coming in
the middle coming in the middle get
there get there that's great centering
stop
it's the greatest game ever made it's
fun game it's a very fun game very fun
game I find constant enjoyment in rocket
League damn it
even when you're losing horribly get out
of here get out of here
sorry teammate sorry teammate sorry too
right
get in there
Jesus Montgomery crisp there we go there
we go here we go oh it's right Jack
what's Jack what yo Jack you ruined the
perfect shot or you the perfect shot
you were sideways you weren't gonna
touch it I was gonna stop it I was gonna
hit it I didn't know you were there I
didn't know he was there come on how
about you give me some vocal cues hey
Jack I'm about to hit get out of the
fucking way how about that how about
that Jesus Montgomery crisp yeah that's
how well that's what I decided to say
man chase this Montgomery crisp doesn't
that sound like a no I got boys just
wait I don't want to be an orange you're
on orange oh I can just join blue I real
I know how things work I've played this
game before hey hey
whoa whoa whoa oh oh good good job it's
at home
holy fucking Shh things are crazy town
here J Montgomery crisp is a villain and
snobs vs. slobs I don't think so I
thought let is literally a name I made
up so I guess it could be but I just
made up that name in my head right now
I'm not killing it dope oh fuck okay run
interference running interference
now
fuck quick
get it back over here guys they go nope
nope nope what how did that happen
shit shit shit
yeah fearful sludge boy gets the shot he
did it he went oh the way I don't know
oh yeah we got the new Oregon Trail DLC
so we will be playing the co-op mode
also the oh I should have been more
patient spooky Dookie the developer
heard that we were thinking about
playing the game via twitter and reached
out to us so we have some keys we have
some free copies of organ trail for the
ps4 and steam for anyone who would like
that so we'll fight we'll try to find
some we'll try to find some way to do a
giveaway later no idea what it'll mean
nope oh wow spooky nice shot nice nice
shot
oh yeah that's thank you connecting
that's the summation I love the movies I
don't care that today is Back to the
Future day
I love the DeLorean in rocket League but
more so because I love rocket League
Oh bicycle hat wicked ass bikes alcohol
hat what do we need to do to get some
Mad Max cars up in this game
I want war boys hanging off my car
that's the spirit ha ha ha
send a strongly worded email to Sayaka
Zach 6 whoever made this game whatever
they're called shit not a strongly
worded email you know a nice Pleasant
email Oh spooky spooky get off my nuts
Oh
oh my god oh my god I can't believe that
didn't go in that's amazing
that was amazing fuck fuck fuck fuck
but my backpack
ya know nice nice
fearful slugs boy fear for a slugs boy
there with the save
spooky oh oh that was my bad
that was my bed I got in the way
everything's fine we're doing fine how
are you terrible
well yeah you're losing this time
it's right there is right there get it
in there fuck no yeah yeah hitting that
man yeah flare flargan snarl smear it
snarf
fuck sometimes the ball goes in a
direction and you have no idea why it
went there but you just kind of have to
trust the game to people hit it across
what's the difference right this is
intense
you only I mean you have 40 seconds and
you're only oh no a night or two goes
down or three goes down you were only
but you were only two goals down that's
doable in 40 seconds
what
a lot of times during that uh during
that like opening kickoff i I don't I
don't go for the ball I just go straight
forward and hope I run into someone just
to kind of record our day really I find
it throws them off sometimes that kind
of like you know sometimes the head
games are important in rocket league do
you think no you want to get in your
opponent's head oh and games are
particularly important in rocket league
probably not
oh yeah we've had sweet pass and spook
stirs there with the backwards back flip
ah mazing amazing you know I'm rich my
head games my sweet sweet head cams like
that much yeah this is what you have to
deal with this is what you have to do
what we're gonna do if you use moobot
you can do giveaways real easily I'll
look into that will do one more rocket
League and then we'll move on to uh or
two more I mean I could I could play
rocket League all day but I do feel bad
because we play we play it so often
somewhere two more okay two more rocket
leagues if you've played with us drop
out and let someone else join and oh
right I should join what are you on the
delorean yeah yeah
I think it is I think it's really
good-looking and you know again I will I
will say how much I do love the Back to
the Future movies thanks they're just
they're quality films you know quality
adventure films but you know like what
I'm thinking about is like the people
that dialed like 867-5309 because it was
in that song that's not nice
that's why every that's why telephone
numbers in that's the that's to me that
is in the same vein of of like being
hyped for Star Wars day are you having a
stroke yes I know how any of these
things you've said are related in any
way so you know that the song Jenny
whatever the numbers right yeah so
people call that number and ask for
Jenny as a joke yes right and your point
and it's it's just a made-up phone
number in a song phone number but they
use it right yeah it's like so but
that's the same thing it's like it's in
a song and people use it in the real
world and here we have a date in a movie
that's pretty meaningless it's just it
was the date of the used in the movie
and people are celebrating it because
it's a random date in the movie why I do
things are not at all I'm not used to
being this religion in our friendship
you're usually the one who's the
curmudgeon and I am the one who who
loves everything about life and I feel
uncomfortable being the curmudgeon to be
quite frank oh my oh my god did you see
that someone did a rocket hit and then
someone else did a rocket hit that was
awesome oh because it's just a it was a
fictional they're two fictional things
right this date in Back to the Future
and Jenny the phone number and then
people try to bring the fictional things
into real life
try to equate the fictional thing with a
real life thing and there's two things
just don't give a fuck about what so I
don't understand what's so hard to
understand oh what's so hard to
understand waka waka no I'm usually the
one who's like super into stuff Farscape
these are these are two things that I
did not enjoy
Farscape and the Back to the Future day
those are the only two things I have
ever complained about ever I've never
complained about anything else obviously
that's not true I complain about many
things I just don't care about back to
the future there
what about star wars that yeah well Z
that and like that's a that's slightly
different may the fourth be with you
that's just retarded its yeah I mean
this is a once-in-a-lifetime thing uh
you can only have October 21st 2015 once
it's in date in the movie man
just a date in the movie it's the future
it's always the future every day is the
future
no oh nice save
got gosh gosh gosh oh I got I'd like
jumped over it yeah because of the law
so because I have no love for back to
the future
yeah yeah I guess
oh that was weird oh no yeah yeah I'm
sorry
but I guess I'm not really sorry you've
successfully bludgeoned me back into
combustion mode good then I can be happy
about some stuff brief moment I knew
what it was like to feel alive no no I
just feel dead inside yes that's that's
the rich I know and love dead inside Oh
old dead inside Evans that's what we
call you we're good
hollow husk rich before he was dick the
birthday boy he was a hollow husk of a
man oh my god I whipped that so hard hey
yeah that was dumb I was not aiming at
all I was blindly hitting it got play
smarter got to play smarter rich not
harder play smarter not harder you got
this you got no I got this I got this
no you got this I'm just gonna go over
here and so everyone can see those sweet
ass blue light streaks look at that
that's awesome that looks so great
I'm just dead inside I can't do it I'm
sorry I you know I didn't know is that
big a deal to you
Back to the Future day oh really
really what someone blow to you up you
guys rich is feeling bad enough already
don't you don't have to blow them up no
two seconds we can make a comeback oh
that's great
now why don't you make like a tree and
get I
oh I have it my ringtone is uh is the
opening you know is the opening theme to
FTL that's my ringtone I don't know who
that number is I should have I should
have muted that that was unprofessional
of me oh yeah ready one more one more
game get it back get it back feel it
feel the love which I'm dead inside
rich feel cold did you read about the
Dyson Sphere someone was asking if you
okay unfortunately oh that reminds me
chat you have a very important
responsibility today okay chat you have
a very very important responsibility
when we're when we're reading
subscribers and saying good night I need
you to remind me to go get eggs it's
really important it's really really
important I I've been out of eggs for
the last couple days for the last couple
Deng's
and I always forget whenever I'm out of
the house and I eat eggs I try to eat
eggs every day because I love eggs and I
need eggs tomorrow specifically yes so
so before we leave be like Jack don't
forget to get eggs on your way home that
would that be very helpful to me I'd be
very helpful to me and my egg eating
situation tomorrow morning oh my god so
many explosions that's one of my
favorite things about the the Back to
the Future car is when you explode you
leave a spinning license plate did you
did everyone see the the flame trail and
spinning license plate it was pretty
sweet
pretty wicked a sweet
I see I can blow someone up why didn't I
blow you up I hit you I hate you I'm
just right is that true I thought you
just hit people at a top speed doesn't
always happen yeah I don't know what the
exact criteria are no sure
fuck
by tickle it oh and a sweet save someone
get there get there get there get there
Oh some a bitch oh my god I'm just
catching up on all the egg puns I like
eggs eight eggs for breakfast and I've
been out of eggs and it's been really
upsetting to me and my egg eating ways
so I need to get eggs tonight and I'm
gonna forget because I'm you know we're
gonna be here playing games everyone in
but guys so I'm you know what I'm doing
I'm outsourcing oh my oh my god don't I
can't believe that didn't going I can't
believe that either
that looked like it was right on the
money yes eurisk rugs are like Hrothgar
the Barry and that was in that Cartoon
Network show that didn't get picked up
right cross guard the Barbary thank you
there was something a barbarian show the
town we sure didn't get greenlit
Krauss Qahhar crashguard
crotch guard the barber now oh damn it
take it there
no no three-game losing three-game
losing streak I feel like the Cubs are
they aren't they in the thing they're on
the verge of being swept last I heard Oh
what they do every postseason and it's
comedy oh all those sweet tears
oh sweet tears oh nice
no chickens are gross man I don't want a
chicken I don't want chicken in my house
I know he's a horror goth of Barbaria
okay korgoth of Barbaria
korgoth of Barbaria yeah sounds pretty
wicked
nope
oh I'm out of juice No
Oh God
almost guided that one no all those
guiding it in I can't
we are very lucky blue team or rich is
what is so unlucky there we go
back to center Center etcetera stay over
here now there we go here we go
summer summer beach
gosh gosh cheapest gym is crisp no no no
mmm no what what they're just telling me
stories about like chickens and chickens
and share rich I've been around chickens
chickens are gross animals most animals
are gross animals by the way I'm like
wild animals most farm animals that
fucking gross we've not had balance
teams tonight I'm done thing that's
happened yeah yeah we've not uh we've it
we haven't had a lot of back and forth
yay but crashing is fun good man at this
goalpost here there we go
clear ball
I mean we're not gonna win I don't think
we can I don't think we can hold out for
the next five seconds but get on a big
picture mode so that we can go to OBS
change what game we're playing so that
we don't back into fish mode to use the
steam controller as a mouse and keyboard
fuck big picture mode fucking fuck
making that a goddamn requirement for
the steam what a bunch of bullshit
steaming actually you know what you
probably start up the game mmm before we
go into OBS we should start the game up
in big picture mode so the game those
use the controllers that we get out of
big picture mode so that we can go to
OBS to tell OBS a stream organ trail so
that when get out of OBS to go back and
the steam to go back into big picture
mode all those things we should do all
those things rich no we need to all tap
oh my god wait no don't alt tab yet
don't alt tab you first thing I want to
configure the controller we also should
turn down the volume yep
jesus H Christ oh it's not working but
although she's not working
hold on hold on Brow's configs let's go
to keyboard and mouse
I don't know yeah we're on options yeah
how's that listening to the chat is that
better all right are you comfortable
playing that way yeah what here you can
use this
did you like you like the thing single
stick honor or change that so I can't
really use it
hey everyone I don't understand what's
fine
okay that's I think that's fine you
think it's fine okay so now no i'll tab
let's see if I can get to OBS without
problems big picture mode doesn't like
that there you go yeah there you go

[Part II]
Oh our green screen isn't quite on point
today you see this little curve you know
what fuck it
okay I'm saying fucking all right that's
right pneumonitis you do need to pick up
West errata on this rad I was a lot of
fun I want to play that game more I
should play that I'm with my new steam
controller
org and trail spooky it's like game hold
on
org an trail search organ trail
director's cut update boom
yeah we need to up our green screen game
I we did like I got a new green screen
for this and it's a great it's a really
great green screen I'm really happy with
him
but uh we do need to figure out how we
are going to do the whole suicide the
what suicide no why would you do that
suicide what you're crazy man
you're crazy I can't believe how crazy
you are no we need to figure out okay a
second controller can be used for
drop-in co-op during most combat
scenarios after your party joins you you
can find more information on that
helpful click anywhere to continue how
you can change guys know you can be a
girl now that's something that's totally
you okay yeah all right oh that supposed
to be George Romero oh I would have been
the girl click on the enemy and draw a
line
draw a line torture oh oh you I'm just
doing this jack okay Mouse because it's
not your forte apparently we need to we
need to configure our controllers here a
little bit rich controllers must be
configured oh oh yeah right now oh
that's right that's right chance out
there we stick together
my name's clients what I'm sorry what
what was your name again clients
comments that's weird most people France
of Clemens Clemens what's your name
partner
my name is is what oh one of the devs is
in the chat and we don't have steam
controller working properly yet that's
what he says okay so this is this is
something that's happened and so my name
is gonna be you know what Dublin then
then you get to be me Dublin can dev can
we get by just fine using gamepad and
the other person with a keyboard and
mouse is that playable or do we need to
game pads Devlin
all right so we need jet names what who
wants to be on a party party say say
dead dead say exit say dead did okay uh
I read only subscribers okay okay mister
glitch nope
hey hey okay no do you need to use
distinguish all whoa what is happening
it's true there you go now you got it
mr. glitch hold on everybody we're
getting there okay ready yeah Z Duran oh
my god so many people are typing give me
a second here let's see here
ze d AR EA n ok chaos 14 28 18 for you
14:28 and Tiberius Kirk those are the
first four to say dead ok and so those
will be the people nice nice
joining us are these the correct names
yes very good chance you're still alive
it'll be at the shelter set up in DC if
they have any sense that is huh oh
that's a tough place to do we're gonna
need a way to get around
I saw an old station wagon a few blocks
back those things not might not be very
reliable but you'd be surprised that
roomy they are anyway they get moving ok
the Interceptor I want on my van go back
to the Interceptor oh that is totally
the Mad Max car oh yeah the station
wagon
oh now can you do this it's gonna be
tough
can you wait stop don't touch anything
okay
do you have controller working we could
turn off this controller hold on
okay now can we get bit oh hello
I pressed B that's not working B doesn't
work no all up bet back steam controller
you dick
I think they needed another eight months
of development and now the steam
controller won't turn on and I know turn
on
I'd love to choke them for shoving big
picture about down my fucking throat
shitty big picture motives they can't
see it all they can see is the game they
can only see us struggling with big
picture mode we're stuck in big picture
mode yeah Oh nope nope none of this is
working I know we're getting there y'all
we thought it would be fun is like a
multi you know cuz rich and I need to
use these steam controllers as much as
possible to to get a good feel for it
for our next episode on steam
controllers and so it's like oh here
here's like why won't be work oh my god
I got it we got a I don't I don't know
what rich is gonna do I don't think he
knows what he's gonna do oh my god oh my
god what's he I don't know what he's
doing
everything is I'm scared okay your
controller
the Xbox controller okay ready nope nope
now what happens if you press the Xbox
button
nope close application we just named
everybody lose those names shadow
remember shadow remember plan B what's
plan B right picture leftover beefcake
we probably won't dump it in a bar in a
bottle of acetone a Stones expensive no
it's not turning out that's weird right
this is look at it's not weird to this
why is it backwards justice is it always
ya know are you comfortable doing this
huh are you comfortable doing this I
think I think you should take point
right I know you what I mean is what do
you think now we're back in victory mode
oh wait this is a good thing right
everything's fine everything's fine okay
oh so you're gonna move yeah I guess I'm
gonna move I'd love to do co-op but we
can't well we can't do come up until
they shoved the steam controller out the
door when it wasn't done yet huh we know
this isn't working we tried that what
are you doing I don't you know I wish I
could tell you do controllers work in
general yes then why isn't that working
because control okay let's get to a save
station okay get to they get to the van
we got this rich we got this I know what
we're gonna do I think I got just enough
food and food to get it and make it to
DC in this baby
let's hit the road now drive
let's do this clemont's that fuck I
don't remember did this happen last time
gotcha
he's he's faded today Oh No Clemens was
bitten by a zombie and we're out of fuel
motherfucker
Washington Day say just as the station
wagon runs out of fuel you coast into
the city you can hear a radio blaring in
a nearby window still remain in
Washington DC the government is
declaring class three biohazard in the
area they will be commencing a nuclear
strength within a few short hours get
out while you can
the city is lost click anyway everybody
panic panic looks like we have a time
problem I'll go look for your friends at
the shelter meanwhile you should go
scavenging for supplies I've heard about
a place on the west coast it's supposed
to be a safe haven from all this chaos
lets me back here and head out here take
my journal I've written down everything
I know by surviving on the road it
should help you decide what it's what
you should help you decide what you
think we may need on the trip partner
I'm in the driver's seat motherfucker
we need to fuel we need a food I
remember food being important
two hours remaining to gather supplies
better make these smart wise decisions I
am making smart and wise and some ammo
and I got one more huh yeah one more I
think I'm gonna go for another fuel okay
boom okay let's get the funk out of here
look at that team I never saw Azam be
lame
oh okay great
everyone's here there's just one more
thing back there on the road one of
those things bit me I'm already not
feeling too well I can't stand the
thought of becoming one of them you're
gonna have to put me down
well you keep my journal and may help
you out there
I'm giving it my all rich oh that's
right well I forgot they if they aim
backwards
Dublin put down Clements minority going
south
oh I'm more comfortable in the north but
I can only imagine road conditions are
worse wait where are we
we're here yeah right we're in DC no no
we're here where are we oh okay I get it
now I get enough Pittsburgh or the Gorge
Bridge light supplies and faster
movement decent supplies oh and soul
breath yeah solar panel okay Pittsburgh
and bark all right sure did what is that
anywhere but stop to continue would be
my guess
can I say if I do I have to do that
somewhere else
I don't know sparks their sparks shoot
out of the back your muffler is dragging
on the road time to replace it you don't
have the supplies to replace it try
trading for one shit no muffler oh oh
here we go
can I
you need a muffler yeah talk to stranger
talk to stranger you encounter no one no
going for supplies you probably have to
at this point scavenge all right let's
do it now you got to move me until we
can save and then like restart with just
uh you know what it probably if we get
out of big picture mode we cannot we'll
see we'll see
use your weapon pistol
you need to start shooting at things why
or not I guess that's fine
god damn it why would you stopped no you
know when you've gotta aim you stopped
me by aiming oh I didn't know that I
didn't know that also your microphones
not right in front of your face our
microphones need to be right in front of
our faces reg how long has that been bad
who knows
oh this game well autosave when you
leave the quit game thank you I'll be on
up I hold on goddamnit
how do I leave quick are we saved yeah
it says someone in the chat said we
autosave and I'm gonna go ahead and
leave him okay okay so we go back we go
back we go back we go back and then we
go like this right and then we go
desktop return to desktop okay okay now
we're just playing like normal folk and
we're gonna play again yes okay now I
should be able to use a goddamn
controller like a civilized human being
that distant might kick their level is
the same now did it
great yes now I can use a controller
sound good no I move the mic away a
little bit if there's a problem let me
know
except for now how do I'd like do stuff
well I think you have to stop she got
the muffler you can't drive we need to
get a muffler before we go on okay so
now we can't oh it may be scavenging did
what stop it
you encounter no one a traitor
straightway clan passes done well let's
scavenge a little bit let's see if I can
figure out how to do combat with uh use
left stick to move pullback to aim and
release to shoot single shot quick
reload to hide oh and you should be able
to come in how I don't know what's the
button hey is that you
someone came in on who are those people
other scavengers was basically my plan
until like all the zombies decided to
show yeah I'm good is it just a time
thing damn it I'm bad at this game okay
it's because no oh that's right you made
it like suicide why would you think that
because fun because they don't like
seeing us fill in these games you're
supposed to fail in the zombie game I
could play it and win this is fun and I
may be fun for me people like us getting
torn apart by zombies I'm sorry it's
just the way it is
yeah I guess we got a trade yeah
we have plenty of food oh wait with one
of their SPO wait for 14 attire yeah yes
and I can't pick yes do you not have $14
oh maybe that's it when I trade one of
their time okay we need a muffler I
don't think you have anything worth
trading to get the muffler yeah stress
is bad all we can do is scavenge I need
is some good scavenging Jack all right
all right I want this I'm on this
I was under
can I know Oh oopsie I was confused I
was very confused for a second rich oh
my god I got 50 ounces of food it's been
a while since I've played this is the
real thing and
our there's only food to scavenge here
I'm gonna find him a muffler
right I'm just trying to find enough
supplies to can't kill him yep
get out of my B's mister so what's the
deal with scavenging through I just have
to like make it a certain amount of time
oh my god oh my god chance the food
great I don't have a med kit
barely I don't have my kid great and
repair I thought I could ride with a
muffler I guess I can this doesn't seem
right I think we should be able to go
with a muffler if you can find a way to
try it oh I can tell that's seem weird
same weird that we can't do that like if
we die we'll try again on hard okay
you'll die you're going to die I have no
other option I have no other option
right so what else was I supposed to do
I was like a boob
we didn't do very well rich I am you
entirely suicide mode was a bad idea I'd
let you know like I agree that people
like it when we when we fail but I think
we need some realistic expectations all
right let's try again
all right do we figure out if we need
two controllers if we want to do co-op
Oh No yeah well I played this once
before and it was a long okay you're
you're in control and I think I can drop
in now that I have the controller so I
actually go to options go to controls if
you want win stick P to twin stick okay
great so now your player one and then I
can jump in thank you no - I won't
forget the eggs I need eggs difficult
great I'm ready
do you want them ladies I like them I
like them pixel ladies yeah all right
okay who is your party leader our
password is eggs no but the person who
just says eggs okay
of course okay I mean we should call her
pixels it's I agree but egg specs for
specs for all right okay ready just
gonna go down the list but yeah what do
you what do you want now I give eggs
lollipop lolli pop two words yoga
lollipop we can get it who can get it
there we go
xeno trope they didn't spell it
correctly but they gave they gave it two
words
oh hello drone oh and hello Draco was
Lalo pop so that was a typo and see I
was I was envisioning lol ly pop there's
not how lolly
what's a lolly okay let's see here who
did it correctly then so that is a Z no
Trump X en o TR ope okay and then we
have Tiberius Kirk is back just going
down the list to be his kick
kick that's all yes great then we have
mr. glitches back and we have b3 n07
great no nope
that was a travesty of a run but that's
okay all right supplies Jack eight hours
remaining so obviously we need a muffler
well I don't know get him out yeah get
like one of everything maybe one money
yeah you get one of everything then
you're kind of covered all right there
you go okay all right
choose your route this is all new I
tried to go north obviously we didn't
even make it out of DC really but flying
air pressure or light supplies faster
movement it see to me it's all about
supplies and so I would go north just
for the decent supplies all right Andy
and we would get an air freshener embark
embark embark mother it looks like
something interesting is happening up
inside of the road would you like to get
out and look yeah okay what's happening
Debbie Gibson or Taylor Swift Taylor
Swift find a plump man freshly killed by
a gunshot to the head
lying beside his pockets harvest some
meats Oh God Louise pockets of course
really you find five bullets and harvest
some meat or are you done he was shot in
the head he always is tainted so you
don't want no I don't want the gun
did you want the me I'm your I'm just
asking you the questions you're playing
in my mind oh okay that's fun sure
you're you're controlling yeah okay
see the remains of another party before
you would you like to stop and look yeah
loot them bodies yo J B and a B oh poor
JB and AV r jb a navy you discover six
crap near the grass yeah dog yeah dog
always always loot the bottom find loot
everything
oh alright here we go hey yeah do you
think they knew yeah last game we killed
them with a muffler
well can we kill them with a muffler so
this time give them all the mufflers let
him choke on their mufflers find
packaged snacks
some extra food some extra food z note
rope has colorado
zenit rope what have you been sticking
what in man cholera people don't get
that no more you had a pretty nasty bump
in the road and one tire flies out the
window
god damn and well wait that way that was
our extra time extra tire yes how's our
extra tire you suddenly find yourself
surrounded by zombies are you ready okay
I'm gonna do I'm gonna try to jump in
I'm telling you it's all me
oh my god oh my god
you're doing great rich you're doing
great doing great
oh I'll watch that reload need it
Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Pittsburgh it's
very good to Pittsburgh you know what oh
what are we doing job selling buying
auto shop supply car party let's check
out let's check out that job situation
jobs
check out that job cinch graveyard
there's something hidden at the back of
a graveyard it's $24 recovery I was
lucky to get out alive I dropped
something precious to be in that horde
of zombies difficulty suicide Peyman
guitar we dropped out the window because
this fucker obviously found that it was
very important it was very important to
him what's playing what's plan do you
think you could handle 20 I have no idea
$24 seems like a good amount of money
okay at this point so I would I think if
you you know like but you tell me like
I'm the leader but I want to listen to
you right I want to listen to my party
in my hand you already gave me okay yeah
get that box he'll they've changed a lot
yeah well yeah this is the new update
this is the expanded I don't know what
they call it ultimate edition nice tree
so you can shoot over the graves that's
nice oh you got this you got this you
got this easy easy
you did it you made $24 now we got $24
we doing we doing the tower one huh you
know what I'm delegating that's all up
to you that's all up to you I I don't
know if a tire is that important
it's suicide difficulty so I would I
would kind of I'd be afraid Chad are we
doing tires is rich doing tires that
rich nailed that that graveyard one I am
a Janeway type leader I send other
people to their death no they don't
great rules come in
I'm saying no I'm leaning towards no if
you want to risk your own neck okay we
got 24 bucks should be worth
approximately jack shit
maybe it's 24 you know gold or whatever
supply yeah combat training no go back
to town
go to buy let's see what they have to
offer at the store
I feel buy scrap buy food buy medkits
buy ammo click done let's see what our
let's see what our supplies are like we
only have six fuel so we should probably
get some more fuel well you have five
men kids we only have one well we have
one tire left so we have one spare tire
that's pretty good what does combat
training do again
you can learn new combat techniques for
scavenging in small towns at the combat
Center oh they don't have any available
I would say we should either by some we
should buy some fuel or you should
scavenge if you feel up for it I think
we should buy fuel bucks for one I think
- yeah by - I think we're good with
everything else if they had something
yeah but like they you know scavenging
what I'll get you food or bucks or stuff
yeah got a dress gift they didn't have
eggs here
zombi oh it's a boss fight rich nice use
that wall oh my god oh my god damn it oh
my god hey you carry back a lot of food
that's pretty good
sure
come
oh yeah yes yes yeah
there's only one route to go the mall
okay
it supplies and action-hero Wang topia
that's like that's a really far-reaching
question talking about my editing
process you must cross a horde of
zombies to continue on the road the
Horde in front of you is currently large
in size and appears to be agitated break
your guns in clear path and attempt to
sneak through
wait to see if the Horde disperses we
got the resources they're still agitated
horde sighs massive they've grown
attempt to sneak through yes yeah you
overrun by the horn lost following 36
food that's not so bad that's not so bad
I was like that's kind of bad
I'll take that I'll take that you need
to controllers for co-op okay yeah and
with the we only have we only have the
xbox360 controller and a steam
controller and you if you're playing
together they're not playing nice
together so we'll just do we'll just do
it like this this is fine rich is a
better shot than I am anyway the car oh
yay do we get do we get it's meat it's
sweet sweet deer meat apparently not Oh
Tiberius Kirk is exhausting what are you
doing all day Kirk fuck you fuckwit hey
buzzy no-trump cleared up that cholera
way to go way to go Zenit Rome you did
it twice your muffler too far let's
replace it for supplies nice got that
muffler no he took a little nap
took a little nap he's fine he's fine
there's only okay it's like the editing
process for me is if that's like I said
it's really weird and far-reaching
question but oh 25 that's all right it
always starts with organization organize
all of your footage properly hey that's
kind of clear government and just you
know watch it a bunch of times and start
cutting stuff together that's where you
always start start making cuts make it
happen and eventually you'll find what
you want it's that's if you could be
more specific with your editing question
that would help but you know it's just
just do it I've been doing it for so
long that it doesn't eat you know like I
can't even
get into it steam controlers shaming you
know it's not quite there yet it is is
pretty low so I'm gonna say you're 16
scrap the scrap to the power station the
more you use the less risky the repair
how much use 8 oh I don't know what to
do either
whoo okay great more repairs uh yeah see
one let's do one more
he's a no now that we know we're doing
yeah nice still see but I'll say I'll
take it this that gets us back up see if
combat ring has anything to offer a
grizzled stranger beckons you beckons
you to a dark corner and offers to teach
you some useful techniques for $80
chance to not use a bullet when you fire
no yes you jobs are precious to me in
that horde of zombies difficulty suicide
man one muffler did use a muffler yeah
but we got another one mmm there's a
massive herd of the undead coming toward
town hired guns needed $48 hmm I could
buy us some stuff right there
do it which one
$48 all right do it get them make them
they
yes
once your friends realize the power of
this fully functioning space station
reference from Star Wars Episode one The
Phantom Menace
oh my god you're doing it oh my god it's
working rich that was really well done
yes this is also why you should have
been the one flag yeah
nope I'm a good commander I know when to
hand off responsibilities no oh what's
what's our supplies like now we got so
we got some scratch now zero scrap six
fuel hairs we only have one tire left by
some fuel by one fuel and let me see
what the food's like
a sign for sixteen one fuel oh yeah
what's the food costs what's food four
dollars yeah buy some food that'll wash
relax for 10
by go up to 30 yeah
you want that action here over $80 no no
I think that's dumb
okay so just click done let's go to the
car we have medkits we have five med
kits I think it's pretty good head to
the car and see what kind of upgrades we
have if it needs to be a car thing in
the towel
yeah right yeah save that money I wanna
you know cuz we need like another tire
we need some car stuff so let's kill
anybody any strangers yeah talk to
stranger father is very sick we are
resting here until he gets better we
have been pushing too hard your health
suffered my father is able to travel
again go at a slower pace doctor not
stranger no butter cheese or ice cream
or since electricity went out Oh bless
me I don't think I can do without the
conference is the modern age for much
longer
all of these strangers are ninnies
apparently uh yeah one more toxic
stranger I don't know dude okay look
here supply again
now we're fine you know maybe just rest
do a rest everybody seems a little tired
and I think party yeah
let's rest for four hours get everybody
nice and healed up okay it's a plus
button
yeah nice nap all right
yeah that's a good me up nice kill that
guy and steal his cans right all right
this is pretty good all right go fish
yeah what does that do no idea
fishing has the same benefits as resting
plus you can catch extra food or spare
parts once you hook a fish click to reel
it in while the indicator inside the
green areas up I mean ski the fish will
get out
well fuck man we could have been fishing
this whole time
I'm not sure if I'm doing this right
yeah yes you are
Oh
oh yeah that is neat alright alright
let's go
rich people are asking do you have any
honest reaction to the Star Wars trailer
No you know you know what trailer looked
really good what trailer yeah yeah
that's true you start wrecking the
darkest trailer oh yeah it means
absolutely nothing
yeah this means gonna be bad or good yep
so did we learn any new information from
the trailer I don't think so yeah we saw
Leia whatever yeah yeah we did she was
gonna be in it why would you want new
information to know you want to go in
and see it fresh hey that's a real thing
where it's just like everybody has
already made up their mind whether or
not they're going to see the movie yeah
and this point you're just spoiling
stuff right great let's go yeah yeah
it's fine we're great we're moving on
Indianapolis
maybe this later oh I want a cowcatcher
you losing our tracking an animal you
never catch oh well fuck you swerved to
miss a deer and get caught in some
bushes I mean it was that same fucking
deer we were chasing for an hour fucking
deer fucking deer fucking deer rich
Tiberius Kirk throws one tire at a
zombie we have guns
Kirk Kirk use the shotgun what the fuck
man Oh can't get the funk out of here
I couldn't do anything I had a tire I
had to tie it next to me man I got a
zombie was coming for me I had a tire I
had to throw the tire I I took the gun
off the tire so I could pick up the tire
and throw the tire
I didn't want to hurt the gun might be
right
more tolerable I think be three no7 was
a doing a little Zenit rubbed it'll be
aired there cholera little bittle a
video little collar rose in the fiddle
you know I'm saying hey oh we got a
cowcatcher that's nice there's not yet
let's look at everything first we need a
tire I live one tire huh there's a
cowcatcher that's nice I click done
let's see what else so it's yes who's in
the shop next to nothing just scrap oh
ok done see their jobs massive hoard 147
food that's pretty nice
ok so click done ok let's get that cow
catcher and some scrap cow catcher first
yeah
that's crap
how much six hours for wahoo in stock
okay that's fine too great all right
then now let's see if you can defend
yourself we get a shit ton of food
alright so go to jobs do it do it do it
do it oh yeah we haven't been trading
I'll look into trading again right now
well you know we're gonna deal in
certainties first yes you made a funny
noise what's the deal with King's Quest
you guys uploading the next installment
on YouTube and easie I think of all the
King's Quest is up on YouTube at the
moment I don't think we're missing any
installment of King quite we did not
play King's Quest for very long if that
helps you got this rich you got this
ain't no thing nice nice get some food
why don't you go to oh yeah what I
should fix that car yeah
oh we could do that well wait they go to
a party talk to stranger I don't feel
like ever it's still frayed you can
probably spend a few hours trying to
trade with others you don't fret
you can probably spend a few hours
trying to trade with others as they beg
of course oh we're gonna go to town
we're gonna sail some shit
it's so foods now or if much but yeah I
guess it's wait how much do we need to
repair we need a 35 okay yeah sell
enough to get 35 to repair yeah oh my
god
nevermind that's a lot of food yeah yeah
that's too much food nevermind nevermind
cancel let's just go alright let's just
do it let's leave let's see what we can
find on the road man yeah we don't need
to return none let's go to the farmland
Vaman it up vomited up a nearby zombie
triggers a mind everyone is hit by
debris I'm seeing it I'm seeing it it
looks like something interesting is
happening off to the side of the road
would you like to get out and look press
or say one now yeah he spies you chase
after me struggling to run he's thrown
to the ground as he trips over a rock
you now stand over the frightened child
help him up help him up help him up
surprise relief pocket pulls are broken
yo-yo with a fancy cat and has a top hat
and a monocle as the manufacturers logo
he looks at it for a moment and then
thrust his hand out to you and offering
you take it and he scampers off
we got a yo-yo I don't know dude wait
did he steal the food but it's a fancy
yo-yo right oh maybe maybe we can use
the yo-yo to fight off zombies you know
like I think I'll stick with the rifle
heavy fog rolls it you're forced to
drive more slowly
no b3o no7 no longer has oh good I'm
glad that cleared up for you
a laptop ran out juice any more juice
faster reload temp that's very good
Oh what do we need a tea yeah let's go
take a look at the jobs and shit and you
wouldn't cobble together 80 bucks hates
dollars so medkits properly with the too
much kids
sure
I'll fucking the band bandits is normal
difficulty we can dispose then that's
like eight three dollars right all right
you gotta I think you gotta hit him on
there up nice nice
Happ 78 probably not a chance of a live
Skyrim stream I don't think we're tonigh
are really into Skyrim oh can I say no
to that too eventually you'll have to be
Oh rich rich yeah what good I got eight
dollars yeah yeah we are area
you got this
I forgot how soothing the music is and
this just ripe for the zombie apocalypse
leftover beefcake says we should blame
the poor shooting on the steam
controller even if we aren't using it I
agree with that leftover beefcake I
agree with that
okay okay
beep-boop beep-boop strangers kill Oh
what strayed though there might be
something you encountered no one to
trade with let's wait for a little bit
see if we even find someone to trade
with arrest anyway right it's for view
fool for one tire no well we don't have
it anyway anyway but even meters I don't
know I need someone who will spare one
of those tyres for five of your scrap we
don't have it no I don't I guess okay
scavenge
it looks like scrap so and I scrap right
there
there's a thing
I know I know you know you're saying it
for the audience
oh my god my gourd nope nope Wade go -
oh my no got it done we could solve five
men kids to get their bread then we'd
have still to medkits left no but that
would just gonna say we need ammo cuz
we're almost out of ammo and that's the
real thing how do I only have seven we
had 43 for the one job oh my god why go
to buy do they have any ammo $10 a thing
yeah babe I need it yeah or that
sure
we need it all right all right done
let's roll on roll on see what happens
yeah good right now can't afford now and
no matter what let's go to shine town I
have to shut down we got ourselves
another divergent paths what's doing
shotgun uses three ammo for Shawn oh oh
a bike gang follows you out of the
settlement
get out of town biker gang doesn't seem
to be affecting car health that much
yeah fuck off biker gang
I remember this minigame that's fine
this is a fun
I could only imagine they'd have to
travel in large packs you survive the
only problem great and the sky clears up
24 miles oh my god
we're probably gonna die looks like the
station wagons gonna catch on fire

[Part III]
you plow through a military blockade no
what do I think of using music to
communicate with aliens I'm our close
encounter we have no idea that aliens
will even be able to appreciate music
the brains might not be wired that way
the concept might be just completely
weird to them might just be noise --is
if they even have ears if they even have
ears all right station wagons broken
down great we have seven scrap so all we
can do is use for I mean it doesn't have
to be like near the wrench
alright alright
I mean yeah go ahead used to hey nice
only for food left
damage go to party
I should probably rest yeah we should
probably rest rest for a good while yeah
let's take let's take a full night I
think that might eat up our food but
people need all the help I can get
oh no we are out of food okay - oh wait
go fish if we can catch a fish that
gives us food that rests and give us
okay okay
that's a big fuckin fish it out of there
if you press it again does it come up
right now yeah dude a bunch there you go
all right well now you understand it I
think you can do it a bunch ok do it
again
what's the worst scavenging what my
little fish we have no food fish gives
us many small amount of food I don't
know what the numbers is like dude I
don't know why the bobber sinks that's
you know it's maybe this is all surface
area oh that could be you don't know I
get one damn big fishes
do it oh it's there
what
all right go scavenge I'm trying I'm
trying to let you know I'm trying to do
it naturally scavenging is less risky we
get fish people eat the little fish it's
great it's fucking great rich can
do-do-do-do-do oh my god
nope no ten ounces of food yeah Peter
there you go now I got some food
oh there you go now we got some food
no use the fence nice nice oh you're
only there came back 215 hey we got food
oh yes all right now what do you want to
party now take a rest
come on four hours well actually really
got one hours that's it our rest okay
for coz resting will take up food right
we go from 250 to 240 yeah mine
everybody heal up a little bit let's go
like I know that let's go another two
hours yeah just get everybody up there
we could kill somebody to save food I
know we might want to use him med cadets
back spore he's he's pretty looking
pretty rough sauce I know and if we're
gonna go out hunting again do it great
all right let's get out of here let's do
it we can't kill off specs for leftover
beef cake he's us I know he was dead
away tires broken you don't have the
supplies to this place oh yeah Wow we're
in Chicago it's fine
Chicago's like the city of tigers man
they got holster they got nothing but
look at there's a tighter just hanging
right there what's the order don't worry
look tires everywhere you know we don't
gotten Marni $37 we don't got money and
there's no trade option yeah okay yeah
see if someone wants to trade with us
one of their tires for five of your fuel
we don't have it
thirty-eight of your food for one of the
tire yes there you go okay yeah I see if
they have any jobs $5.00
get out of town dangerous no no not for
five bucks and we just we don't have any
money maybe
go to party okay can we not scavenge in
the town all right well we can't steal
anything in the town with your salad
though we need a theft option
hey let's leave let's keep on keeping on
him all right yeah it's remote Shack
like supplies faster bullets action hero
which we already know is crap and white
supplies at the church
then probably don't go to the radiation
warning let's go to the remote Shack and
bark great business yes always look you
see the remains of another party before
you would you like to stop and look yes
ok danky juicy messed with quack never
came back
boom right stopping his is not doing
this very well we don't have any scrap
do we miss ravaged yeah stop oh you
scare off the bandits siphoning your gas
tank great station wagon is broke down
what scrap oh yeah we I don't think we
have any scrap do we go to our supply
one one one yeah alright scavenge
scavenge I think we might have another
wrong screen for scavenging on the town
it might actually be an option we'll
start next time okay
money
we don't need money nice every bullet
counts coral using knife when you kin
wonder when that yo-yo is gonna come
into play oh that might be scrap you
don't think we got it you know we got a
yo-yo
choral teachers bottom of the screen
hey intense crap
nice nice that's what we needed
watch your sister coral watch little I
don't know what her name is
sure
hmm time passes by used to we're gonna
help we have 300 you it's like a man go
fishing all right yeah go fish man Go
Fish
would you like to fish drag huh you know
I'm fun on fish it's easier it's a
little fish that's great
confusion again it's it's also resting
people it's also giving people health
yeah yeah we don't want those little
ones
now do it
have a zombie so anything that fishing
might not be all worth it oh really I
don't think you just catch a nun I'm
starting to just catch on that I don't
think fishing is really worth the effort
seems so far we've only caught zombie
parts alright let's get movin ok where
are we going doing in the old shack
military blockade Jesus
well oh we have the cowcatcher now so
maybe it doesn't do as much damage
manages to grasp and bite xeno drunk oh
no I'm so sorry Xena trope you know what
we're gonna have to do we're gonna have
to kill you still in the chat could be
party you've done nothing but contract
cholera I'm glad to get rid of your dead
weight z no trouble at least make it
quick rich no no I in the head Madame
rich don't play with him what it's fine
don't play with him a clean head shot is
what we needed there oh no cholera boy
yep
ba z no trope action check out that town
see ya see ya what's in this shop okay I
feel Scott I got a little bit everything
that's great well yeah we have no money
but you know it's nice just nice to know
him what our what our options are let's
see what had jobs again yeah
great let's do it let's do it he's
wearing a hoodie get him right Batman
voice he was wearing a hoodie he also
was a cholera stricken zombie bitten
motherfucker get out of town
get out of town
oh there's the crying one that you have
to like look at to stop Oh God that
crying one is scary and okay make every
shot count
Jesus banded Christ nice oh my god rich
your timing impeccable and oh don't you
pixel headshots oh that's close
you got this rich we need that $48 boom
there you go there you go it's okay you
can get these bandits
maybe nice nice
to left to left one shot one kill
absolutely
nice technically speaking that was one
shot one kill
so yeah you had other shots that weren't
kill $48 take that yep fuckin crying
zombie right if you look at them they
don't chase you oh but wait as soon as
you turn away they run at you fast oh I
hate them yes yes you should we have
fuel needs and we have scrap needs get
out of here and take it let's take a
look just take a quick look at our
supplies all right we have very big fuel
needs and our car is on the last legs oh
we also have very real food needs shit
and ammos and no tires concentrate on
fuel
much fuel can we get anything stai
four-on-four yeah get it don't get any
scrap yeah I get one all right now I go
scavenge done go scab again we'll go
fishing now I'm now we're not gonna go
fishing there's the thing that's like
food or fuel maybe that might be fuel
he's got this
rich you heartless bastard we're
survivors coral these people they're not
strong enough we're gonna take it nice
nice nice we kind of got Stu what's
going on we got keys to give away now
might be a good time to give away the
developer of this game got wind that we
were playing it the developer of this
game got wind that we were playing it
tonight and gave me some some keys to
give out and I thought that would be a
nice thing to do because rich and I
already both own the games down wrong
what are you doing man we're carrying
these people starts making a really
annoying noise oh he's so dying
that's how various this program died
first okay so we have a steam oh it's
not funny oh yeah okay don't kill me
it's on the table stop making that noise
these three no7 if you keep making that
noise we will kill you we have a steam
version and a ps4 version so we have to
to get away
ooh nice food drop nice
nice rich
I'm surrounded I got a fast one oh nice
yeah food yeah we have a med pack what's
your party look like yeah great okay I'm
trying to think of a way to give away
what was that website you said I should
go to forgive away stuff again back on
our feet
trivia question I like trivia question I
like that the road is impassable finding
a way around takes an hour right okay
hold on I'm thinking of a piece of
trivia I have to look this up to make
sure I get the right answer son of a
bitch
son of a bitch
mmm let's see here
oh I know I know hold on I got this I
know something
I have a great trivia question
okay ready is everybody ready no wait
I'm not ready to chasten already here is
the question who was originally cast as
Marty McFly in Back to the Future who
was cast originally as Marty McFly for
Back to the Future go
boom future future Jay gets Eric Stults
as a fun back to the future trivia what
are we dying for or what are we what are
dying out yeah
and starvation eventually future future
Jay you don't have any tires maybe you
want sometimes future future Jay which
would you prefer the ps4 version or the
Steam version and then we'll give away
the the next one I'll find another
trivia question yeah we have to steam
please ok ok future future Jay give me
one second I will send you over that key
future future J did you do it well nappy
little nap nap I think that's good mom
nap nap all right oh I'm sending a
message to future future J steam organ
trail key let me just say it out loud as
I type it yeah that's right
b3 no7 trades 50 food for something
useless
I'm so sorry b3 no7 you're gonna have to
die now is b3 807 in the chat
you're you're just gonna have to die I'm
waiting I'm waiting to see if he is
still a Chad yes and and he's saying
what what you picked up a yo-yo earlier
yeah I didn't kill a little kid and I
got a yo-yo for it you gave away 50 of
our food I got this he's making annoying
noises and getting rid of our food do
you think just threatening like that him
like this is enough what should we make
him do what challenge
should we put forth Jack what challenge
I don't understand 30 seconds to answer
some trivia question oh he says I regret
nothing he's given away for giving up
he's given up just murder him do it
murder no shot
ah that cleared up some breathing room
in the old station wagon there oh we're
broken down again no and right your mic
is an aim towards your mouth hole again
let's see yeah just make sure the steam
key is right for your future future Jay
okay okay so now we gave away the steam
version so this is ApS this one is for a
ps4 version of Oregon Trail a key for a
ps4 version of Oregon Trail so obviously
you should have a ps4 if you would like
to enough to get can lose that that's
crap man I'm sorry okay so here we have
a ps4 version of Oregon Trail and let's
see what's the what's the next trivia
question they made scavenging a lot
harder yeah yeah oh
nice gotta shoot those before they
become an issue
Jack sticks I like that there's no way a
ps4 could run this game you have to turn
down the graphical settings a little bit
in order to run it on your ps4 yeah yeah
see I before they did some major updates
like last time we stream this yeah it
wasn't that shape yeah I got there
pretty easily just by scavenging
frequently oh sure that's why you want
him to start on suicide because you
thought it might be a little too easy
that's fun
sure sure we need that we need that
another trivia question I got nothing
I'm in the middle of car fixing Jack
rich has nothing nothing give me give me
one minute here I got nothing I got
nothing
so all I'm gonna say here is obviously
you need a ps4 only people with ps4 is
answer this question the question is oh
oh okay hold on I know Iberia's ferret
got mauled by a wild dog really yep
attack our car and leave a mark
no no whoa which means a car is not
broken that day then again again
that's that's not a situation like hi
right trade
okay I know exactly the trivia question
I'm gonna ask you guys I just need to uh
I just need to make sure I'm correct in
knowing the answer
okay is everybody ready for this super
oh the see the steam key didn't work I
might have mistyped at future future J
I'll get back to you okay so how the ps4
version of organ trail here is the cut
here is the question what toy is rich
playing with in the red letter media
reacts to the Star Wars trailer video
what is the name whose action figure is
rich playing with the recent one in the
in the most recent Star Wars reaction
video go
I don't have a ps4 acaba
all right hold on I said I see I think
someone's got it who got it first
it looks like animist Prime got that one
first
animists Prime the captain phasma it was
Captain phasma
so animist Prime I'm gonna send you a
ps4 ki-44 organ trail and double-check
that I gave the right one over to future
future, uh, Jay.
give me one second here I'm sorry rich
I'm sorry that things are happening to
you
sorry we're gonna die yay
why isn't anybody trade scrap yep future
future ji definitely typed that wrong
many many apologies many many apologies
one second I don't want a fucking
muffler
alright animus prime I will be sending
you now a I will be sending you now a
ps4 key for Oregon Trail hopefully I get
it right this time
IKEA for organ trail
great thank you oh great I'm glad future
PJ III mistyped one letter Oh somebody
want some of my scrap that's you even
have any no oh god that's funny
alright and there you go animus Prime
thanks for watching hopefully you enjoy
some organ trail I know we do
okay yes I know Jojo this layer I can
use copy paste but I have the text on my
phone and I'm sending the message
through my through my computer so I
could it was just you know it's fine
everything's fine
I don't know about scrap great great
great
I hope it's crap to origin I do I do
favorite scene from the Back to the
Future trilogy one special one just
think of a moment in the Back to the
Future trilogy that you really enjoyed I
I liked a lot of a lot of the weird
future stuff in Back to the Future - you
know like um who was it that was like
floating upside down because they heard
their back was that George yeah I
thought that was hilarious
I remember thinking about exactly how
could they have known rich if once we
get to floating upside down technology
your back is gonna be fine
yeah fake Crispin Glover that's right
that was fake Crispin Glover
you know what I don't think there is a
worse back because you like Back to the
Future 3 is obviously weird and it's you
know it's just them like farting around
and making a Western but I still think
it's enjoyable I think it's you know
even back I think even Back to the
Future 2 is weird
listen the best back to the future is
back to the future everyone knows that
part 2 is a little confusing a little
convoluted oh my god you need a med kit
do not have Medicaid
and back to the future is the best is
the best to the future that's funny and
no I don't I think it's interesting
because it's so different than the first
one yeah I give them full credit from
being slightly risky with it they didn't
just remake the first one which is kind
of what the third one is I mean it's in
the West not the fifties but beat for
beat the plot feels similar to the first
sure sure just trying to get this in the
past don't have the right fuel stars so
we need to do a special thing with this
train so we get up to 88 miles per hour
we got to fix the emotional problem
before we have the action similarities
you know what I never thought about it
like that
oh I didn't that's fine
you can do it
you knew this
fuck you I hate this part
oh yeah that's funny stick Lords what's
your name
Clint Eastwood what kind of stupid name
is that we need everything we need fuel
a few old auto shop okay yeah we need
repairs more than anything perfect
thoughts on Michael J Fox for what we
need $38 for one no I mean he I enjoyed
Michael J Fox and the things I've seen
him in I know you know I have no more or
less information than that
I'm Michael J Fox what are you thoughts
oh my god a fox
yeah you're doing great rich you're sure
talking about Michael J Fox oh he was
also doc Hollywood
remember that doc Hollywood you like
it's been so long since I've seen doc
Hollywood I don't remember it being
terribly good but you know it's fine
whatever that's fine that's fine
not Doc Holliday doc Hollywood or a fox
yeah we're all kinds of fact great
what do you why do you need money fuel
fuel do we need fuel yes
did you did we learn how to scavenge in
town yeah great Oh big old bag of money
they go bag of food hobo Oh zombie ate
another hobo that's great I took care of
that hobo for you I mean I guess we're
all hobos Oh screamer $25 any more than
that okay
is that enough I don't know I don't know
how much you need what do you want to
buy I need to $4 you need $4 they have a
hundred food ten for a buck
there's all the fuel lemonade nice nice
wait you're selling your fuel well oh
okay well move slowly but you don't need
med kits that was risk sure that was big
risk sure sure
what supplies and carry capacity not
only that decent supplies and GPS Bajor
city decent supplies GPS I don't know
what a GPS is but as I am you must cross
a horde of zombies it appears to be
docile you have the cowcatcher
they're docile man docile
right there right through cowcatcher
do-do-do-do-do you get caught in a
blizzard the cold will tax your health
and well you'll have to drive more
cautiously I like how it's like everyone
blames me even Tiberius Kirk he's like
yep that was me that was absolutely me I
lost it my bad
no my kids have not seen Back to the
Future yet you get you got very tired
losing that battery like he had to lose
it out in the woods
really so we got a little tired you got
a little tired man I have the greatest I
have the greatest app on my phone and
it's called kids media and it tells you
all the swear words and every movie ever
made
yeah and I'm gonna look up Back to the
Future right now let's see let's check
out the language zombie activity load
you wanna try scavenger you're 5 ammo
yeah sure why not
why the fuck not ok so here's what this
app tells you about Back to the Future I
love this is why I love this app
occasional swearing includes damn
butt-head shit ass asshole son of a
bitch hell bastards and Jesus Christ as
an exclamation
where the the app I think has slight
religious overtones in the 1950s it
seems a few racial epithets epic
epithets are used and the bad guy by the
bad guys including Irish bug and spook
and a mayor is referred to as colored
these are all the things about back to
the future
that's crap tents crap oh that's great
you needed that and you said my food
yeah all right epithet yeah I know
that's a tough word for me to say I put
that epithet so but overall you know
they give it a positive rating they say
9 and up a lot of cuss words so that you
know my boys probably won't be watching
it anytime soon but yeah eventually
they'll see it that's one that kids need
to see I think
I know oh yeah you know that's a good
meet Packard attempted rape equals safer
children if they say Jesus though you're
on the app I wonder if they talk about
the attempted rape hold on maybe that's
in the VAT there's a violence section in
an early scene an attack by a squad of
terrorists includes automatic weapon
fire and what appears to be a
significant fatal shooting I love this
app other sequences include suspenseful
car and skateboard chases a character
threatened by a shotgun some perilous
scenes involving a tall clock tower and
punches thrown between high school kids
bullying a significant theme occurs on
numerous occasion the bully initiates an
exaggerated off-camera assault on a high
school girl but she's never really in
danger when he tries to rape her she's
never really in danger
yeah suspenseful skateboard chase yeah
the rape attempt he's really strong but
they they're passing that off as it is
she's never really in danger I love this
oh wait no way there is a sex category
to let's see here
in the sex department a few kisses and
embraces some flirting teenage crushes
are a key part of the story with hero
Marty becoming the object of affection
of a girl who will grow up to become his
mother while perched in a tree a boy
spies through a girl's window
mr. quenches measles Oh mr. glitch gets
around what's this new bar radiations
Oh a bad choice you went into the
radiation this bad oh sure if you ever
want to have a good laugh get yourself
this kids media app I love it I play a
game with my wife sometimes where we
just like list off all of the stuff it
says wrong and we try to guess the movie
that's - one of my favorites that's
great do another okay should we do that
should we do that should we play a game
this is all this is what I should have
done to give away the keys play guess
the game from the kids media you know
what we'll just do that as a string Jay
oh you know what Jay has a bunch of DVDs
to give away he says he has a bunch of
old movies that he's either like bought
on blu-ray or doesn't watch anymore and
he wants to do like a mega giveaway
right so what we'll do is we'll find
their information on the kids media app
and then see if people can guess them in
whoever guesses it right gets it that's
how we'll do it
this game it'll be great
good kid what are you just gone out what
are you going on there was nothing there
for every 10 of those things you can
kill in 40 seconds I'll fix up your car
a little bit bull-fucking-shit
you got caught on a little invisible
thing marriage do you think a zombie
hand was grabbing you and you just
didn't see it okay Tyrone sloths or we
just we added the FaceCam actually not
too long ago just took like last week I
want to say was that our first week with
it yeah yeah so we just got it we're
trying it out enough kind of liking him
doing great rich doing great he's gonna
fix up your car to little bits did it
Oh Dublin's still here Dublin is one of
the developers of Oregon Trail and
Dublin has offered to give us more steam
keys for organ trails you wanna I think
we're gonna do the kids media app game
yes happening
yes Dublin did you send me an email or
something oh no oh no rich hold on
they sent us three yes
thank you I just feel a battery charger
from Dave's office okay okay so we are
playing guess the movie based off of
what the kids media app has to say about
it and if you can guess the movie
correctly you can win a steam key for
Oregon Trail and I'm so excited about
this game and here's the thing because I
know a lot of you will just want to
guess anyway and if you if you already
own the game or don't have steam that's
fine
everyone wants is okay so okay let me
look up let me look up one and make sure
that it's cool
dundun dundun John kilo this first one
is gonna be subs only yeah so turn us
into sub only mode and this is for steam
these are steam keys I believe actually
I don't know that for sure let me double
check I'm sorry we're so fucked right
okay so these are I have no idea how to
replenish this shit I'm very sorry we
can't take jobs fucked fucked
what's Oh cuz your radiation shoot him
in the fucking head
nice nice okay we have steam keys let me
open up the kids media app okay we
aren't subscriber on the mode here is
what here's what it's happening I'm
going to list off how the kids media app
describes a movie and you have to guess
the movie also subs if you could turn us
into you only get one guess per minute
but can you put the room into slow mode
because you only you only get one minute
so here's what am I gonna say wait I'm
gonna I'll wait till the room gets
turned into slow mode alright it's gonna
be great it's gonna be great
nice okay here we go ready here's how
they describe the language of this movie
no strong language is clearly heard but
much of the dialogue is obscured by the
thundering
sound effects who knows Oh No
so that's how they that's how they
describe the language here's how they
describe the violence intense constant
violence of all kinds including against
women characters die in explosions and
car crashes and are shot and stabbed
with arrows a pregnant woman dies the
dead baby is cut from her womb mostly
off screen fighting chasing nightmare
sequences flashbacks disturbing imaged
diseased flesh blood transfusions did
you figure it out yeah it only works
during the day oh sure oh there we go
and chaos
14:28 gets it with Mad Max fury road Mad
Max fury road that was the first one I
wanted to try it out so uh chaos I will
be sending you that steam key in just a
moment we'll just so we'll get another
one do you have an idea for a movie you
can type it in
engrossed in this okay okay so a little
okay so now we're gonna go a little less
recent how about this I'll give you the
let's see here what about okay type on
this this is yeah it's it's okay so this
movie I'll give you the decade this
movie is from the 90s okay that's
that'll be my one hint you know I think
this room is now somewhere okay so here
is this movie we will start with the
language this is what kids media app has
to say about this movie
it says profanity and cursing is
pervasive throughout fuck in all forms
is used in nearly every scene there are
also several ethnic slurs uttered
including the n-word and ugly references
to Jews actually they don't get very
specific in that one let's see if the
violence can help you guys out from
start to finish
violence is at the forefront of this
film
there are frequent vicious beatings did
I see it already mall rat ko mahal Radko
gets it with Goodfellas
Goodfellas I can't believe that yeah
yeah great that's great congratulations
mall reco
that was great that's a funny one
positive messages no this movie is about
a moral unethical and illegal behavior
the characters lied cheated steal gamble
abused drugs maim torture and kill in
almost all cases they show no guilt or
remorse there's a movie I love this I
call a picture film rot rot
hold on Maul rattle and chaos for know
what's your name again hold on oh yeah
okay ask 1428 we're dead oh yes you what
wish to enter an epitaph
let's see here
language profanity and cursing is
pervasive throughout what am i clock
okay last one last one
this is our last steam key for for organ
trail is everybody ready well I'm
waiting for the room move room to go
into slow mode again we need to find
another movie let's see here what would
be an interesting one oh I know I know
see that mmm okay okay slow mode great
the room is now in slow mode so are we
ready
this movie is from is that right
2002 well that's what the app says let's
start with language because that's
that's always a fun place to start with
hmm a few instances of shit said by the
kids lots of name-calling and low-level
swearing crap but jerk idiot and other
colorful insults let's take a look at
violence oh that's too specific we can't
go there let's see here let's look at
sex
is there any sex the boys google teenage
girls and the camera lingers on the
female anatomy one of the boys tricks a
lifeguard into kissing him they go spike
1382 gets it with the sandlots nice one
spike 1382 oh yeah as soon as you guys
got the kissing one you guys got all
that I was giving a little bit away with
the kids but spike 1382
nice Oh where'd it go where'd it go
according to the app it says 2002 the
Sandlot that's well then the app has it
wrong I have many apologies I was just
going by what it says on the app Sandlot
- I'm looking the Sandlot beside the
Sandlot - was 2010 oh well then the app
has a typo on it okay
many apologies for everyone who's
looking at 2002 movies button
many many pounds I thought it was
earlier than that 93 the the moral of
the story doc trust everything you read
is don't trust everything you read on an
amp but it's still it's a hilarious app
I always like look up movies and to see
what they say about it like like like in
that one they say but no redeeming value
none let's see what they have to say
about the same line hold on
positive messages in the sandlot
positive messages about friendship and
loyalty family relationships are more
complex but characters intent is
generally good that's true that's true
let's see here
do they have positive role models the
kids are typical preteen boys shut up
but face quantifies as Riddhi witty
rejoinder but they clearly care about
one another when it counts even though
the film is set in 1962 some parents
will question the way girls are
portrayed the way they were supposed to
be right 1962 maybe that maybe they
portrayed them a little too evenly for
1960 there was one girl who wasn't in
the kitchen she had an opinion there was
a woman and she was wearing pants you
won't believe it
okay so mall rat Co chaos 11 or 14 28
and Spike 1382 I will be sending you
steam keys for Oregon Trail and thanks
again to to the developer your name is
in here somewhere
thank you for all the keys and you know
we enjoy playing it and now other people
can enjoy playing it for free
which is all I mean it's just always
better absolutely absolutely
you know what absolutely I'm just gonna
start copying and pasting and yeah yeah
you know I'm gonna start reading names
you start reading names eggs eggs yes oh
thank you guys I had absolutely forgot
already
I knew I knew I would
Tiberius Kirk Frisco Jones 14 months in
a row
Krieger 783 13 months in a row just this
guy you know marette you mez I'm sorry
what mama gomez whoa radical 13 months
in a row Ratko it should be radical I
mean whatever may just awesome wouldn't
be radical yeah I don't think that's how
it works I don't think Dragon scribe
Google Google's there's a 1 in there I'm
just making it supposed to sub for now
ok but it's okay so yeah Happ 78 Quin
some niak 14 months in a row mr. Foreman
le contraire Mundus stinky Burgess
stinky right thing is not safe for
wookie Nathan
and did neutral 30 Muslim thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated it's
true we really do and thanks for
reminding me about those eggs I'm gonna
