Sep 23, 2015
Rocket League
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/18911210
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/18912416
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/18913290
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxG2nTaXXYY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yds2_4VhHvI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDOHWnW9B8c
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/646839873505259524

[Part I]
great that is great yeah we have a green
thing we have a green thing green thing
means good dreams good good good so
what's going on tonight jack jack is
looking at his phone what's going on
tonight we have we have we have an idea
we're going to test out tonight and it
could be very exciting very exciting so
I was talking to rich as I got here and
I was saying to myself you know in
general I think everyone knows I really
I have no plans to ever play Metal Gear
Solid 5 again I've played enough we've
done the review I have all the footage I
need I have no plans on playing that
again I am I'm not in the same boat
right this is just Jack fairly happy
with my copy yes so just Jack and but I
have a physical copy for the ps4 along
with another game that I'll never play
again like shadow of Mordor and then we
started saying that we got a bunch of
games out another one we can disagree on
be the shadow of Mordor is oddly
addicting to me really it's brainless
but the the Nemesis system makes it it's
it's just a game I know I will never
pick up again it so I was like oh you
know I was thinking of doing like a
giveaway like a like game giveaway and
you know maybe we'll do like a trivia
something and give away these games that
I have lying around then and then some
brilliant inspiration struck huh some
brilliant inspirations right rich had a
great idea you guys need to challenge us
to win games and so we have divided
we've been testing it out of it which is
why we're a little late today but you're
gonna have to defeat us in a two-on-one
match rich and I versus you to win games
yes that's our idea and I think at the
ball you want to give any idea what's
coming up I think one of them they could
probably guess two of them they can
probably
oh yeah well obviously
one of them will be Metal Gear Solid 5
one of them will be shadow of Mordor we
have a bunch of games and obviously
we'll will announce what game you're
playing for first and then if you want
it you play us yeah that's the idea yeah
we'll see if it works
two-on-one - so bring your fucking a
game though I I haven't played in a few
weeks though so I'm horribly horribly
out of practice and I'm going to
embarrass myself right we're gonna lose
to everybody this is gonna be great
right hey no don't get Lady Terminator
in here ladies everyone went on if lady
if lady Terminator is a subscriber Lady
Terminator is free that's your class
that's true
hey you know she's got a lady Terminator
he or she know you know they have the
skill
yep that's they've earned it though
should we limit one game per person
obviously obviously we're we're limiting
one win per person yes and we ask that
you cannot try twice in a row and also
this will be open to subscribers only
yes these are the rules these are these
are the rules so subscribers only we'll
do it we'll do one of those like
everybody say this the first person to
say this will send you the code yeah
right and then we'll do it so I you know
what do we want - I think out what we'll
do is sorry we need to warm up so we'll
start easy we'll start with a like low
low low priority game I love her I heard
a kid mister shy smile mods are of
course you know as long as your
subscriber mods are more than welcome to
join in the fun so let's do let's see
here we have a copy of what do we want
to start with ok for steam we have a
copy of portal portal which everybody
already owns anyway but we're gonna
start with something I gotta start with
something so if you want a copy of
portal
on Steam the first subscriber to type in
the letter for I'm gonna send them the
letter for letter for how there is no
letter for I'm sorry the for spelled out
the number yeah first first bonus you
know I feel bad because people are
typing the number properly don't letter
for no / sloshed from DuckTales gets it
because that's what I meant
all right all right
sloshed from duck tails tails you're our
first contestant so you had it's like
private message to twitch with the
password / from duck tails I'm about to
send you a private message with the
password and the room and the room so
you need to actually like turn off the
the screen on OBS here give me one
minute here sloshed I'm gonna send you a
quick twitch I'm gonna send you a
message through twitch that's great
no bus
no BOTS doodle doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo what do we do for the job are
you typing in be sure sure be handling
the message hold on
tails rocket and be message let's see
here
it's not on screen uh nope it wouldn't
show up anyway because it's got the the
dashes the stars oh we probably don't
need to turn that off in the future
sure I guess that's true yeah okay
create match
all right slash from ducktales I just
sent you I just sent you a message with
the with the password and the let's
start walking start the room and then I
got to turn the screen back on and the
OBS the the room name is prereq and I
just sent you the password right you you
have the the active controller here no
you should
you don't what did you do I didn't do
anything
what'd you - rich what what did you - I
didn't do anything
great Matt okay so you are playing for a
copy of portal your threes none of our
controllers are working so oh hold on
yeah pause for hold the wire rich rich
what do you do it you know what I'm
gonna sometimes these USB ports are
finicky oh nice
that sounded that sounded promising huh
again wait hey whatever the I have
functionality do you have okay well
start what you join and we'll see if I
can join in how do I join in
hey guys there we go oh do you have one
point on us already dude well that
doesn't count yeah
we start this that's not bullshit you
you cheap bullshit
Oh get the mouse out of the middle of
the screen - how do we do that you
cheater cheater pumpkin eater options
no leave match alright hold on we're
gonna try again
you cheater cheater pumpkin eater hide
slosh from ducktales okay rich and I are
gonna join orange you join blue and
obviously we're gonna wait for you
because well they have to get the whole
five minutes we should have how does it
it starts it automatically there was no
like start game leave match how does
this work we're terrible at this rich
you guys this is our first time doing
the game giveaway and I'm really sorry
but we're gonna try this again but rich
in America we're not gonna choose our
teams yeah we're not gonna choose our
teams we're gonna wait until you're
ready you go oh we are wearing the exact
same car I wanted to change my god oh
well it doesn't matter okay I have mine
on Orange rich get yours on orange and
we'll wait till we see slot from
DuckTales join blue okay oh here we go
Crowther joined the match okay okay
joined blue and then most okay right
we're here we're good
it's starting we know how to do this now
yep
let's see this I mean it might seem a
little unfair because it's a if nobody
wins we will switch over to one versus
one yeah until until Metal Gear Solid 5
then you gotta move this two-on-one I'm
sorry right cuz we're not pro players
we're just slums but you know like
there's two on look at I couldn't score
there I suck Oh apparently I suck too
rich what we're sucking we're not losing
that's true we're not losing
we are sucking and that's something good
I wouldn't want this to be completely
unbalanced if if the Challenger didn't
stand a chance it wouldn't be any fun
that's true that you know what rich it
needs to be difficult but doable
cuz I've I've actually I've held my own
in two versus one oK you've done two
versus one before
Oh somebody dropped out oh sure sure
here we go here we go here we go nope
Oh God shit what are they playing for
now portal portal alright
playing for portal here goes here goes
Oh what happens if feathers are tight
well I'm oh no well this time yeah we'll
be fine
I'm playtest three weeks Mad Max and
Metal Gear I blew him up felt a little
bad about that but you should that's the
game boom alright now one that's
teamwork that's teamwork right there
portal is a great game but super cheap
yeah work work we have more expensive
things waiting in the wings this is this
is this is the undercard this is kind of
abnormal this is a warm-up yes this is
this is really this is really just us
like we've been a while since been play
a we want to warm up but we still wanna
give us up so you don't we start my
portal yeah it's pretty easy Colonel
Richard Colonel rich mustard you didn't
miss it but you need to be a subscriber
tonight to win so no no
Oh God Souter I'm hitting the wrong
button I went to hit rocket now that I
had jump oh yeah yeah we might need to
go one on one wrench okay okay we might
need to go one on one this is a little
this feel this feels wrong that does
this does how do I challenge you or you
have to be a subscriber and we will
we'll call out you know a call out to
who wants what game well announce the
game who wants to play us for a game X
and the person that wants to place for
game X the first subscriber to say such
and such will will will will send you
the password to get in the room right oh
did you see that epic save I did I feel
bad about it why you shouldn't let it go
in you think you think just because I
feel bad I'm gonna I'm gonna jump out
here I'm giving this my already know
that's how that's how rocket League
works and I'm sorry that you know he and
here's the great consolation prize if
you don't win the game
you still get to play rocket League
which is which is a that's a prize in
and of itself is just playing this game
what the fuck indeed the next one might
be one-on-one the next one will be
one-on-one but I still say metal gear 5
it's gonna be 2 1 1 okay okay
yeah any of that any of the newer titles
Metal Gear 5 shadow of Mordor that'll be
like it warmed up first yeah we have a
bunch of steam titles that way that we
can do 1v1 matches for come on oh we
talked about two versus two but then the
problem is who gets what game you know
right like we don't have two copies of
games and so it's like yeah who gets who
gets what that would be that would be
tricky I do I did see you had two copies
of Metal Slug 3 no do it yeah no I
thought you did
oh that's another cheap one
that's another cheap one what the
fucking bead oh my god what just trying
it's fine it's not get it trying to get
it centered trying to get Center fine I
said it's fine god damn it it's fine
we're not we're not working well
together we are not a well-oiled No well
oh damn it
nicely thank you for being our guinea
pig yeah
oh go for that last one
oh yeah it almost went in too damn it
all right okay are we switching it up
then Oh God
you want to do the first one on one
that's fine okay oh they're new things
on luck oh I got a new thing you got a
new thing
well hey sloshed from DuckTales thanks
for joining in thanks for playing
vain the experimental person we're not
giving you portal because he lost that's
that's how the game giveaway works do
you want bad rats if you want bad rats
we can give you bad rat I have a copy of
bad rap no no he didn't win yeah but
it's bad rats yeah okay exit 2 main menu
you have the primary control the primary
controller ok you want to switch up yeah
yeah you can you can take this first one
so create private match so let's see
what what game are we gonna play for now
we'll do another easy one can we get rid
of one of the controllers what do you
mean go back to one person is there a
way to do that well yeah when you go to
online you you just you know 1v1 alright
so create a private match and then right
now it's on two versus two still
well oh yeah I guess we good just do one
1v1 how about a copy of nuclear throne I
have an extra copy of nuclear throne
it's a game I really enjoy screamed at
once twin-stick shooter randomly
generated hardest balls super fun game
nuclear throne so anyone who wants to
play the first of all you have to be a
subscriber yeah if you want to play us
in nuclear throne you need to type the
world is in the place for play rich
you're playing rich in a 1v1 game you
need to type only the word throne first
subscriber who says throne how many get
we have a lot of games just kicking
around we get gifted a lot of games and
between the two of us but like it
doesn't it's fish bus it's fish brush
it's fish bus yep I'm double check it
looks like you're the first yep alright
it's fish bus I'm about to send you a
message and twitch let's see here new
message - its fish bus subject rocket
alright and let's see here and swash
ducktales can't try again because he did
not win
I have just sent you the passcode create
match and now you remember don't join in
until you see their joy all right fish
bus fish bus for nuclear throne nuclear
throne new Keeler nuclear one sec I'll
be playing with half the screen which is
annoying ah I don't know how to I don't
know what
the room is pre-record still right yeah
yeah the room is prereq still and I saw
your case one long run on prereq and the
password is what you got sent yeah fish
bus fish bus was first I'm double
checking yep okay where are you where
are your fish bus
fish fish bus we will give you a time
limit yeah the room is pre wrecked no
space no space all lower case the room
is prereq it's pronounced nuclear it's
not nucular right its nuclear that's a
thing new I don't know if the game has
the goofy wave spelling or something
nucular but it's nuclear its nuclear not
not nucular yes its nuclear
yes yeah everyone knows yeah fish bus
fish bus fish bus fish bus someone just
joined oh I thought I saw that on the
screen
just pick one I don't care I didn't care
fish bus I don't I don't see anyone
joining I'll just get at auto and no no
wait wait till they join I think it's
where I saw in the top corner some such
and such joining well with over there
okay
there there okay we're here I beat you
with half a screen because I have to
just just just go to spectate okay
okay there are fish bus for your own
copy of nucleo oh my god my rich rich
what was that that was that was me
hitting a button wrong that was a
memorizing biffing it's fine it's fine
it's all fine rich that was that was
that was you know you know how often I
use an Xbox controller like never oh
it's fucking never oh I can't believe it
it feels wrong in my hand I can't
believe that you're blaming the Xbox
controller
I am dammit obviously that mistake could
cost rich the game and us a copy of
nuclear throne fish but you know like in
1v1 every goal is so important and
riches riches rolling past the ball with
oh here we go we're on target stay on
target
stay on target oh my god is this gonna
be the most pathetic goal ever it's
fucking trying riches has to come in
from behind here fish bus going strong
for the goal again but fish bus also
kind of fuck it up a little bit here
maybe I can switch my spectator to fish
bus what was that what was that oh I'm
gonna watch my goal look at that
beautiful oh you know what I like that
yeah now we can see when fish bus is
doing that's really nice I could use the
camera but now it's on fish bus and now
we get we get it from both perspectives
okay we are now tied up ah fish bus with
the oh here it is he's getting that he's
getting the ownable
fish bus fish bus he fucked up oh you
had it in the palm of your hands too
gladiators are going at it oh fish bus
has a clear shot of the gold nice block
by rich fish bus another oh there you go
there you go
show me what you got two two one one
point ahead this is definitely more
exciting the one yeah yeah it's more
exciting well originally when you were
it started with just you talking about
getting rid of your copy of Metal Gear
Solid 5 yeah and I I didn't want that to
be over real quick I wanted it to last
right so I thought we should make a
little bit harder two versus one but
yeah two versus one is a slaughter there
we go nice one rich clears that oh fish
bus super offensive move damn it you
know you have to be careful when
demolishing someone obviously it gives
you a it gives you a small clearing to
make a goal but they could they pop up
usually in a pretty defensive position
so it's it's always a gamble demolishing
someone okay nice nice you gotta move
rich you got to move nice Jack overall
does not like Metal Gear Solid 5 I think
we've talked about this before the my my
thing is the while the individual
missions and overall gameplay is really
satisfying the story is so stupid and
the characters so bland that I can't be
invested in the game and I feel this is
just Jack just Jack not Rich's feelings
that I feel like the missions get a
little too repetitive because it has no
story or character to carry a meal oh my
god and fish bus fish bus fish bus now
has a decisive two point lead we sell
two minutes left two minutes is a lot of
time the review I'm editing the review
right now it should be up over the
weekend no spoilers the spoiler is it's
filled with stupid it's the story is
filled with stupid the we don't we don't
get too bad into spoiler territory in
the review so you don't need to worry
about that and no I won't get into
spoilers which if you're a Metal Gear
fan it's all the same shit you like
it's still stupid I just don't like
stupid I like the game I wouldn't give
my copy up because I really like the
gameplay right and yeah me and I'm just
done with it I have about I just want
everyone to shut up in the game I have
80 hours into the game and I'm just done
wow that's bad that's no you got it oh
you have oh that's him huh
that was that was I know that was him
that's right
maybe I forget oh well I'm not fond of
referring to myself in the third person
but often rich and i's opinions kind of
get lumped into one yeah and i know rich
is overall enjoying the game and so i
don't want to lump him in with my
opinion which is kind of negative
towards the this this is exciting which
this is very exciting yes fish bus fish
bus just lost his his breathing room
right there
Oh what we essentially tied oh my god
well we're doing something we're
slightly different we're doing a very
exciting game gift giveaway in which
they need to challenge us to win a game
and so they and riches riches losing us
games is basically what's happening but
if you would like to join us we could
grab another microphone we might need
another chair hey I'll be here for at
least another hour anyway oh that seems
awfully specific probably not I do
damn it damn it damn it
you won it's fish buses defeated me yeah
I haven't
it happens Jack rich you selling the
honor of prereq bite my ass right we're
taking a brief pause here to hook up the
mic for Jake yep that's exactly what
we're doing
switch this mic over to sue me you and I
said how's that looking oh my god what
one two check check Mike check I just
did it I'm not gonna do it again boss is
credentials okay I'm assuming you're
just giving away steam games
you're not like physically mailing
people we are going to physically mill
102 the big woman is gonna say I still
got that stack of movies at home give
those always gifts yeah a lot of them
are horror movies so maybe that can be a
spooky horror movie Stream
well yeah Halloween coming up a
Halloween stream in Oh spook taxi was
that game I played yeah I it would be a
pain in the butt to set it up because
I'd have to get it to work with a
controller because I'm assuming you
wouldn't want to use a mouse but this is
game called manhunt okay and it feels
very John Carpenter esque to me where oh
yeah your character is a convict
murderer and they they execute you but
they don't really execute you they give
you the lethal injection but you wake up
in this like dilapidated room in like a
town that's that's kind of like a
Detroit but smaller like just run
downtown where after buildings are
abandoned yeah and there are cameras all
over the town and people hunting you Oh
basically they take the executed
murderer and they hunt them for sport oh
and the guy in charge gets off on
filming the murders
so these keys in your ear the whole time
encouraging you to violently murder
people and so you in the game you sneak
up on these people who are hunting you
and you kill them in the most gory
violence possible and when you do it
they switch to the cameras point of view
so it looks like shitty videotape oh
this sounds great is this the but your
time out earlier that's on the
PlayStation 2 or is it it's it's old go
throw game okay on the PlayStation 2 you
can use it you can it's available on the
PC but it's designed to be used with
like a mouse that way okay yeah I
probably was sooo they're good at here I
have to bring in the PlayStation 2 or
find a way to map the mouse to all the
controls that would be a pain in the
butt to set up so what's next
why don't we do why don't we do a big
one next why don't we do a shadow of
Mordor well do one more small one that's
just you versus all in one you know what
or fuck you
negative John Carpenter he tweeted the
other day that he because he's a big
video game fan he's like this old man
but he loves video games video games in
basketball and he tweeted that he loves
alien isolation so the fact that John
Carpenter has said that completely
invalidates you guys as a penis that's
fair that's fair - okay I guess he's not
that great check wait we actually can't
stream man hug - its manhunt - is the
what do you work there keyboard oh man
hunt - is the video game equivalent of
x-rated you can't stream it on Twitch
really yeah I'm pretty sure they make
games that graphic heard PlayStation 2
the second one was was controversial
when it came out yeah
it went too far that just means it's
probably great probably oh if you never
played it I am I don't know I don't have
the second I have the first one okay
give me my notebook we could we could
try and hunt down the second one for you
I haven't done matter me okay we got
nuclear throne gone
how about Borderlands 2 on Steam okay so
this is for Borderlands 2 on Steam one
versus Jack one versus Jack and let's
see here the first person Jay yes say a
word just any word yeah mustard mustard
the first person to type mustard
seriously they came Frick yeah I think
you can stream the original man I don't
like I don't think the original manhunt
got the adults-only rating though it's
still pretty bad spooky Dookie special
which is still up front possibly one of
my favorite twitch handles spooky Dookie
I'm going to send you a message so the
room is still prereq all lowercase all
one word I'm gonna send you a message
with the dealy-bob the password and a
password is gonna be yeah I have to type
it in now and great and stuff what the
fuck indeed Borderlands 2 okay dad off
my shit I'm gonna defend our honor here
rich have you been losing most of these
we did we played twice and we've lost
one away one one the one we won was -
vs1 - vs1 so that doesn't count
and then now move yours to us spectate
all right spooky Dookie so you're on the
left Jack I'm on the left and then
spooky Dookie rich I'll change the
camera so spooky Dookie on the right
what button was on why I'm or you press
like right on the dad okay all right
waiting for spooky up here it is here's
Spooky's Spooky's dukey's his blue I'm
Team Orange let's go all right boom
right away
first touch Oh Jack you're gonna you're
gonna do an old gold no everything's
fine
you're not kidding you that easy spooky
oh you might get this though yes oh dear
oh shit oh shit oh shit I I was not I
was not thinking with portals there that
was that was a terrible decision why
would you be thinking with portals at
all Jack maybe that's my problem with
the game okay there we go
boom I saw what the fuck so loud yeah
okay you got it got it got it boom who
you gotta earn this Spooky's boom okay
all right reclaimed my honor a little
bit over although oh oh shit oh those
science those socks
yeah they just got it that's that's fine
look that's fine that's fine spooks all
right
spooky new key spooky Dookie Dookie
there we go we have to keep this game
out when you do his hands jack I'm
working on it rich oh no not a rocket
booster
we're not giving away one other fucking
game today that's nothing not one which
is really mean of us cuz like that's the
whole point of this dream is like the
game gift giveaway novel game the whole
point of the stream is to keep games
away from other people so that we have
all the game oh oh my god oh my god
you're already you have already lost the
buffer zone what I'm one is hard like
you know with Noah with no one to have
your back I know you're at such a
disadvantage damn it you got it you got
it you got it
just don't mess it up oh my god you
almost you almost fucked that up I
needed to go fast though cuz he was
gonna be he's right on my back okay
alright getting it back getting it back
getting back into the flow they're
calling you Stella cuz you're getting
your groove back no I do
matter your movies void spooky Dookie
you son of a bitch alright you still you
still don't like the two-on-one Jack huh
you still don't like the two-on-one oh
oh my god wait a minute what happened
what happened I made the ball going I
missed the ball this is my game to lose
here oh I feel terrible
fine it's fine it's a game it's a line
and it's fun I think people like it when
we lose
well obviously I'm assuming the spookie
do you would like it if you lost I think
we need to win at least one or two
before we go down into the big games yes
I agree
thank you spooky okay okay
No look at my my my my fuck up hurry
like oh how many points you need to win
just one more it's more than the other
guy at the end of the time oh it's a
time thing yeah it's counting down that
class oh yeah the other way spooky nope
oh man fuck fuck fuck fuck I got this
you don't got this I got this I think
you're going to school Jack you know I
could I can see that spooky is a better
player than me I can see that but I
might get lucky I just have two more
minutes oh my god I have two minutes and
no rocket oh here we go got my rocket
boost oh my god oh my god oh and spooky
were you you were fucking around there
cuz he thought I was gonna score no
matter what yeah oh my god oh my god oh
my god I have not been drinking
okay spooky you're not you're just gonna
sit there and like he was just waiting
for me to fuck up cuz I was doing that
poorly you know it's correct I was doing
very poorly come on
and I kept thinking that he like he had
me in his sights and so I like I kept I
was moving fast you know like I didn't
want to I didn't want to like take my
time and line up my shots right cuz I
figured he was right on my tail but he
was just like yeah I'll just watch Jack
fuck up
for five minutes he's got the buffer
zone yeah he can exactly oh yeah yeah
yeah he's thinking I got that
Borderlands 2 in my pocket
what do we have left to give away like
bad rats we have plenty of copies of bad
rats rats infamously bad only without
any of the class of big rigs off the
road you guys should stream that one of
these days
it'd be a two-minute stream um what bad
rats big rigs everyone knows about it at
this point so it wouldn't be like a
giant discovery spooky Dookie are you
getting it in your own goal for me
ouch that hurts
ah that hurts spooky look at this he
aimed for his own goal he's helping me
ha ha ha
spooky Dookie spooky dude I mean you won
obviously there's no coming back from
this there's no coming back from Oh God
you got that first touch yeah how about
that
thanks for looking up you got it you got
it come on good job you scored the point
is spooky charitable or just the condo I
think he's both but I mean at this point
I'm gonna look up terrible
oh just terrible stop it he's already
it's because of all the smack I talked
about rich losing and that's okay that's
okay I'm refusing to do a big game can
we get at least two victories over
adults Jack I just refused
congratulations
spooky Dookie you get a copy of
Borderlands 2 I'm gonna send your
message I'm gonna send you message right
now or spooky just reply to the message
I sent you with your steam information
and I will get I will get you everything
all right what do we got next you want
to do it another little one yeah yeah
okay Borderlands 2 is thinking how about
not the borderlands 2 was especially
little who's a nice game these I mean
these are just Steam games how about
what do you think about walking dead or
half-life 2 Walking Dead okay everybody
and their mother has half-life 2 it well
they should yeah you know okay The
Walking Dead I think it's just episode 1
just episode 1 I have no idea I've never
even that's probably the whole thing it
might be the whole thing The Walking
Dead game we're gonna do we're gonna go
for The Walking Dead game is next and
the first person oh it's on Steam by the
way Walking Dead on Steam so the first
subscriber who types in the name han
Solo
really I was gonna say darabond
oh sorry I'm sorry
oh as people would see people are
guessing what name I was gonna have him
time no there it is
sweets I'm points I'm schmoozing
Schmoyer you were the first person to
type in Han Solo so you
whoa I'm going to get a shot at the
walking dead game have I explained to
you guys my Star Wars hype problem I
don't think so I have I have a very real
problem
what is this Walking Dead Walking Dead
rocket and the password is going to be
okay
I just sent you okay that great match I
just sent you the password and okay now
I'm gonna talk about my Star Wars hi
problem so Reese not as I've discussed
before you'll be playing rich by the way
oh yeah rich is playing so you have
until you have a chance at losing anyone
who plays me so I have a star I have a
big Star Wars height problem which is
we've recently re-watched all the
original movies with my boys and they
love them that they are now huge Star
Wars fanatics they watched the original
three and that's the original three
videos e3
yeah as far as I'm telling them that's
the only three Star Wars movies holders
not working I don't know is your
controller working yeah that's all that
matters
well the Center for spectator matters
okay well I'll worry about that when
it's time okay join orange again yeah
random plug in plug it back in bed USB
g-force kind of funky stalled mine
that'd be bad
there we go oh yeah right off the bat
right off the bat joy to us and so we've
been consuming a bunch of Star Wars
stuff recently we've been watching the
Star Wars rebels TV show which is like a
cartoon which they love we've been
reading Star Wars comic books every
night and it's great for them because
they're super into it the only problem
is it's getting these super hyped for
the new movies and I've been doing such
a good job of staying like cool yeah
keeping my expectations reasonable just
like understanding what it is but like
I'm reading these comics and they're
pretty good and you know like you watch
the Star Wars rebels and you're having a
little fun with it and so my hype is
building so I think at this point I'm
incapable of getting hyped for new Star
Wars yeah I'm cautiously optimistic but
that's about where it ends
sure and I'm I'm starting to get excited
for the new Star Wars movie just because
of like I think it's like my children's
excitement is rubbing off on me like
they're really excited to see we're
gonna go see it in the theater with them
and like this is this is turning into a
rout you know somewhere it's and I'm I'm
predicting I'm guessing just bought the
game for the street which is fine but
fine no and I like I I know Chad like I
know I shouldn't be hyped I should be
cool and this is exactly my problem is
even though my brain knows better my
heart is starting to be like its
children though the heart of a child
that's exact you know but I don't want
to ignore their excitement which will of
course rub off on you yeah cuz kids get
excited about stuff right oh wow like a
cocky I got cocky
come on more times you can't be a
shutout that's the rule is it can't be a
shutout if it's a shout-out you owe us a
game because you know like you lose you
lose but if it's a shutout that's a
pride
you know like everyone loses a game
everyone has a bad game obviously I've
just had it really bad
III got to feel like we're dealing with
a rookie okay and that's funny that's
the basic car right there this is this
is a freshly bought game so come on more
time
there you go get one get one get there
nice go
nice one see ya an other people are
saying like they've they've introduced
people to Star Wars recently and it's
it's contagious and it's dangerous I
remember being really hyped for episode
1 oh yeah I don't think I'd ever been it
was excited for a movie but wasn't I
saved that was a nice save oh oh damn -
rich Biff oh can you get there in time
rich can you get there in time nice whip
that's a great whip but by the way you
did well you did well do you think my
time was a could be lulling me into a
false sense of security this Charlie
posses a ringer the fault card oh man I
guess I just you know never know I just
started playing the game
maybe we should up the ante to two games
I'm doing so bad after all but if anyone
hasn't read the Star Wars comics they're
pretty good the new run robbers running
on oh yeah you mentioned that Murph owns
the new Marvel ones I'm having a really
good time reading them they take place
after a new hope and kind of Chronicle
yeah I wonder what happens well you know
they're they're filling in the gap as
far as like Luke finding out about the
Jedi because with obi-wan dead yeah Luke
has no way of knowing anything they'd be
neat I've been getting in the comics so
Luke is the focus of it yeah what's it's
Luke Leia and Han okay and like Leia and
Han are trying to lay the foundation for
the Rebel Alliance
and Luke is trying to figure out what
the fucking Jedi is intended to be
ongoing
I believe say eventually they're gonna
have to yeah yeah I can only oh snap I
can only see them at one point they're
gonna get to Empire yeah and then you
know we have the time between Empire and
and Jedi and then maybe they'll fill in
between Jedi and the force awakens who
knows that'll take much more time to
fill in oh yeah between Jedi force
awakens Oh glad I'm glad you were
reading that it's fish bus wool is such
a good book I enjoyed it so so much if
anyone likes future apocalypse female
protagonists sci-fi shit
you get tie game oh my god yeah Richard
have you been have you started pulling
punches there's more time I'm gonna come
back he's getting back oh my god oh my
god
Jay how did you get the PBR can to
explode on the half of the balance ABC
our party that was a while ago
Oh God did it explode Oh was that when
the the VCRs were all going nuts and
there's like electricity everywhere and
I think we had them explode I think we
just put firecrackers on them that's
usually our our answer to anything I did
I want to say we put firecrackers on the
lid but I don't honestly don't remember
that's what I did for past maybe r2 we
just put firecrackers on the lid and
that made them explosion yeah no losing
rich yeah I know get it together my
works are the best solution yeah it
comes to needing any sort of special
effects and with a can of beer or any
carbonated beverage if you put a
firecracker and not a fire it was like
an m-80 or whatever you know it was a
big and I think what we used was a
little bit stronger it wasn't just a
firecracker it was like you know one of
those bigger bigger ones that is oh my
god rich oh my god rich Oh for fuck's
sake yeah you're losing the Walking Dead
game rich yeah well you lost Borderlands
2 I believe by how much a lot a lot a
little bit more than this so if you put
an m-80 on a on a can of beer it
explodes in a very satisfying way yeah
just put it right where the the lip is
what do you call that the opener right
where the opener is nice one rich nice
shot there's a lot legal technically in
the City of Milwaukee
the only legal firework for consumer use
is sparklers and snakes but you can go
right outside Milwaukee where there's
like 80 firework stores yeah
of them and get all the good stuff
though they've recently passed a law in
the last couple of years where you need
to be like it's members only
that's it and so every time you go to
buy fireworks you have to like buy a
membership card unless you carry it with
you oh but you know no one everyone buys
fireworks you know twice a year except
for us we buy Molly
Ulrich get there get there get there get
there get there I don't know if that's
come on I'm not the one that usually
buys the fireworks so I don't know if
that's the case with us or not I guess
it must be if you say it's a it's a long
oh yeah yeah because they have to be
like private organizations now and so
you have to be a member of the firework
Club in order to buy fireworks so I only
assume if you guys buy the met often
that you are a member I guess boom oh my
god rich this is tense yeah this is the
high scoring game yes it is oh yeah if
you gonna have to like Waukesha you can
just buy fireworks at the gas station
that's that's walk here you have to go
down to Racine that's close to Milwaukee
that's like that's like 20 minutes
outside of Milwaukee yeah that's fine
he's gonna bounce
and there's a million firework stores
right off the freeway they go there you
go oh I'll get there get there get there
get stressed oh oh thick the first rule
of firework Club is you can't sue the
place where you bought fireworks from
that's the first rule
there's no joke there I know I know
that's a Fight Club joke but now that's
the real rule oh come on rich you got
this you got this there you go this is
tense this is tense Richard oh oh oh boy
time with the power rich we didn't fuck
at all 13 seconds you got to tie it up
oh my god oh my god nope no not gonna
happen unless you can juggle it all the
way back you can't let it touch the
ground oh ah
Shmi time nice congratulations that was
an earned game that was an earned game
my time

[Part II]
an earned game that was an earned game
Moy time I'm so annoyed Zhen send me
send me a message back and and we will
get you the walking dead what what's
next I don't know okay where's where's
my jingle ding ding dang know what I'm
saying
Walking Dead is out oh you know what we
have a DuckTales ok we have an extra
copy of duck tales on Steam and this
will be our last steam game and then
we'll move on to some big dogs ok big
dogs there's big dogs a game I'm sure is
a game ok
first person to say oh I'm sorry yeah
I'm just so sad well I'm not paying
attention to the chat leave ok ok
Bridge first person say for duck tales
Bugs Bunny Bugs Bunny Bugs Bunny alright
first subscriber Jack to kids today no
the Looney Tunes no I was gonna say I
feel like they've kind of fallen out of
the spotlight space camo you are the
next challenger to beat her ass space
camo you'll be facing Jack so you have a
pretty good chance of winning here my
records nuts a great denied either we're
gonna went through all of her game she's
gonna be awful well we have games week
if we could just play games now I do you
know Jays here there is a game someone
sent me that they wanted specifically
all of us to play together called shower
with your dad simulator
well this shower with our dad will
simulate it well of course of course
all right space come on subject duck
tales of duck tales rockets and the
match okay name prereq and the room name
is going oh right then we have like yeah
18 keyboards in front of us
okay I just sent you the password just
sent you the password space Como Bermuda
Bahamas space camos on mama open to the
Looney Tunes they've been popular for
fucking decades and now you just never
see him anymore uh you know it's one of
those there's just too much there's too
much other stuff yes it could be that
you know WB is it coming up on copyright
you know like are they gonna lose the
copyright for it dad I don't think
that'll ever happen all right
it's all up what happened huh what
happen no rich are you TV what happens
the TV you went to sleep Richie just to
write a vo well well then I say go to so
the TV just went to sleep for someone
why the hell would the TV do that fuck
enjoy your free oh fuck what the fuck
just happened
space come over the TV literally just
fine that's fine
oh yeah I'm not blaming you I think this
place commode was nice enough to give us
one thank you thank you I want it done
that if I were you apparently just
wasn't reading the HDMI signal or
something weird
that's so fucking weird power saver oh
the power saver is on I'm a TV yeah but
it should be breathing not when you're
active like right I don't know I guess I
don't know how that works I don't know
how that works is that it that's never
happened before
I don't think so okay alright I mean it
now open your only hope jack don't knock
it in front of our own net I got it I
got it
don't oh my god here we go here we go
oh no I miscalculated listen did you
okay okay okay boom
no that's not gonna do me any good oh
wait it might it might it might it might
no spooky Dookie is rooting for you as
well as well you should after that that
ass-whooping you gave Jack earlier
that's all right turn into the spin I
felt good that felt good you know but
like it's the same with with like Mickey
Mouse I think in order for you to feel
good though Jack you have to win by two
listen my rules Canadians just want to
win uh yeah that's all it's a Mickey
Mouse like Looney Tunes and Mickey Mouse
where it's like you know they're not
getting the like obviously there's still
look Mickey Mouse I never liked the
Disney cartoon no I kind of like goofy
he was the only one but they're still
prominent oh but goal I did that Jack
was the but goal I do that a purpose but
like I don't think Disney cares about
Mickey Mouse anymore obviously like
Disney now has Star Wars and fucking oh
yeah they've they're they're doing all
right
Marvel Comics they don't give a fuck
about Mickey Mouse anymore yeah when was
the last time there was a Mickey Mouse
cartoon right I mean maybe there could
be one currently uh actually recently
they had gone a horse or get a horse it
was like it was like a big deal they
didn't like the style of Steamboat
Willie but it was a fake-out because
they did a lot of modern kind like 3d
stuff in there too if I need them it
played before um I played before one of
the like frozen you know yeah it played
before one of the one of those movies it
was like a little short it was great and
they do have like the Mickey Mouse Club
the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse the only
reason I know about that is because they
might be giants did the theme for it
really weird yeah
this way get out of your space come on
yeah what are the characteristics of
Mickey Mouse he's friendly that's it
right he's friendly knee goes yeah oh
are you gonna slow me toons they all
have really distinct personalities oh
fuck cares about me that's the thing
there's nothing funny about Mickey Mouse
yes sir is there supposed to be hey
there should be in a cartoon cartoons
are supposed to be funny I think they
gave up making Mickey Mouse funny after
the black and white arrow I think that
just ended so I guess all that Mickey
does fucking faggot today I'll have him
do nothing yeah but also like Mickey
Mouse was like the first you know like
they weren't concerned about giving him
a character they're just it's just like
yeah he's a fucking Mouse I don't know
and that's fine but then like why keep
him around copyright fuck Mickey Mouse
rising oh my god I'm fucking up Nero
I mean he's the Disney mascot you know
yeah their image I get that but he's
just so boring
oh my god oh yeah and say we got the
same you've got the same can't believe
you got the same fine everything's fine
oh my god nope no oh no that was a bad
thing that's fine I should have let it
go on its own you've got to kill 30
seconds I can do that oh fuck out of
there's nothing there's no more helpless
feeling in rocket League than being out
of rocket boost yeah I know well you got
the bad don't forget the dash then the
double good hop - boom no saving that
one yeah okay okay okay a freebie goal
you've more than made up for the freebie
goal yes which is much appreciated I
feel you should that you know that's
that's how 1v1 works I think you know
where it's like it's going in and
there's just no kitchen yeah
oh fuck yes scrooge mcduck is the best
thing Disney's got going for it and he
came from the comic books is that were
Scrooge makeup mcdo started yeah Carl
Barks comics yeah okay
space camo no duck tails for you yep
but good try good try excellent game
whoa let's keep going with duck tails
okay now you face rich yep now you face
rich for duck tails get out of here I'm
kind of think of like any other old
cartoons or shit that just aren't around
anymore but we're huge back in the day
mm-hmm what happened actually I like
what the game is what happened
you really did we're having issues wait
no I actually click on a YouTube video
that's weird how did you could probably
you know what I probably accidentally
click on a banner advertisement featured
this I accidentally oh okay that there's
your problem
all right a problem rich so you're
talking about like Mickey Mouse level
cartoons like because there's tons of
Sarah did like Saturday morning cartoons
at school and gone course you're all
guessing chat I can see that but you're
wrong what proper thing you have to say
to face me for duck tails is Woody
Woodpecker that's by the way rich that's
a great one yeah thank you that answered
your question
and it works Tiberius Kirk says Popeye
Woody Woodpecker what no but you just
wanted woody woodpecker's just what he
would breaking up sorry sorry you jump
the gun you jump the gun man and
dissipate nice anticipation there it is
I see it although Popeye would be an
answer to that question too
oh there was most to be a new Popeye
cartoon and it was canceled but recently
yeah like a like a movie a pop by
cartoon movie that was canceled and I
just aren't doing it for whatever reason
hello Popeye I don't think I could care
less about pop I mean I'm like one of
the few people who actually likes the
Robin Williams Popeye that movie is so
fucking weird that's so bizarre like
totally inside like because it has more
in common with the original comic strip
than it does the later like World War 2
era of Popeye cartoons are men
our mill 3er you you got the Woody
Woodpecker okay I'm sending you a
message now our our mill three ler what
I you know I I remember so little about
the Robin one I remember you as a kid
being like this is weird great I see I
didn't even like it as a kid but then I
think it's interesting now that I'm
older because I found out that Robert
Altman directed it which is the most
bizarre thing Shelley Duvall was born to
play olive oil yes absolutely she was
conceived yeah great a match shall we do
who's still alive right yeah III know a
thing like last year there was one night
I was watching I was I'm watching some
movie she was in and I was like what the
fuck happened to Shelley Duvall and I
went on like a like a Google rabbit hole
trying to figure out where the hell
Shelley Duvall went to and she's still
around she just doesn't act anymore mr.
Gucci I think our Miller had it before
you
double check uh-oh we got some I already
called it and I already called it yeah I
know you call it but just double check
because then I'm over the glitch yeah if
he got it first well he'll be the next
one okay we're not counting the one that
had Popeye in front of it though no no
cause it had to just mean Woody
Woodpecker mister glitch I don't even
see it in the chat
is the rest of the chat confirming this
he might have said it before you said
what he would talk you know they oh yeah
that was well before rich said of Woody
Woodpecker you were just saying woody
woodpecker's that was before you knew
the word so our our mill 3 ler still has
it
we're still waiting to join guys I see
in your chat that use did indeed say it
before but you said it before we gave
the name so you were just wild guessing
and so I wasn't paying attention to the
chat before we knew what word we were
saying yeah exactly
Tiberius Kirk Tiberius Kirk you said
Popeye Woody Woodpecker as part of like
talking about old cartoons that aren't
around anymore
yeah then mister glitch said Woody
Woodpecker as part of that conversation
so from now on the things we say can't
have anything to do yeah that's a good
thing that's probably smart still
waiting for our Miller I'm looking for
you are Miller he's saying just to be
sure I didn't miss a message today yeah
I messaged you check your check your
other box let me just make sure that I
have actually message you yes I message
you so check your other there's an inbox
and outbox and others sometimes it goes
to spam it often goes to spam but I've
sent you the code the secret message
code it's very devious sorry mr. glitch
I'm sorry these are the rules that we've
made up structure in these things you
need rules yep otherwise it's chaos yep
oh you know what like all this talk of
like old cartoons and whatnot did you
hear the news today that happy birthday
is no longer oh yeah copyrights public
domain yeah about fucking time
finally you can now finally sing happy
birthday without being sued that's great
movies no longer have to do for he's a
jolly good fellow instead checked out
something oh yeah
ah damn it
Oh Oh gets that first one that's
important one that's an important one
right never gets that first I mean if
you're one going breathe look it's just
bad luck I got knocked you know spot
that was dis invent disadvantageous Oh J
is there a trick R treat sequel trick R
treat there is AZ the dead Oh does it
have a title there was one announced
like a year or two ago maybe a comic-con
they said they were doing this oh and
then I have not heard a word about it
since oh I know you unless you're
talking about the 80s trick-or-treat I'm
assuming you're talking about the recent
one from a couple years ago Trick or
Treat trick or treat yes not trick or
treat
right trick or treat we did our best
doors yeah trick R treat is the Bryan
Singer oh yeah he produced that yeah
pretty produced Michael Dougherty I
think is the director who's doing the
Krampus movie which looks awesome the
Krampus movie looks awesome it looks
yeah it looks so great and it totally
like same type of tone as trick-or-treat
so I'm excited
we need more more Christmas themed
horror movies agreed there's a few but
very few of them are any good mm-hmm I
watched black Christmas last year the
first time I've ever seen that what's
that 70s movie about a sorority that's
being tormented by a killer it's really
really good it's Bob Clark who also
directed it's a story really yeah sounds
great very different Christmas type
movies but uh yeah Margot Kidder is in
it and Olivia Hussey it's like really
creepy and effective and it's style
stylize really similar to Halloween but
it actually was made before Halloween oh
cool adding John Carpenter might have
taken a few things from it oh it's a
good movie though that's great mm-hmm
that's gonna be on my yearly rotation
now it's tough to find Christmas movie I
needed a replacement for Silent Night
deadly night because I've watched that
way too many times
nice ray you got a new face he's got
it's face and that's the important part
I remember when I worked at the for a
while I worked at a used game and video
game store and during the Christmas
season that was there for a couple of
Christmases all for all of December
after a you know after Thanksgiving we
were required to only play Christmas
movies in the store and it was a shitty
store so no one ever came in and so our
definition of what a Christmas movie was
stretched a 100 here as it does but
obviously you know couldn't be it
couldn't be like a rated R movie or
anything like that because families
could come in yeah but eventually it was
like well you know the Lord of the Rings
has snow in it wow that's really
stretching it well you know it's like
you'd watch like Harry Potter cuz like
oh it has a Christmas thing in it's a
Harry Potter is a Christmas movie now
Lord of the Rings is snowy and elves it
has elves that's true tell me that's not
there are elves
you know you we would always try to get
away with watching die hard which is a
class we're totally a Christmas movie
die hard is a Christmas movie because it
takes place on Christmas it is our
though it is armed yeah that's the only
problems we'd have to pause it
oh nice safe
yeah that's the go-to movie now for
people that want to be like different or
they're like my favorite Christmas
movies die hard cuz you know and they
always have to point that out doors and
you say yes you are very edgy you're
very special for liking die hard as a
Christmas movie congratulations
you can like it and watch it as
Christmas movie you know but they always
feel that it's like the people that I
don't even own a TV like that type of
person
yes fuck off I just have to point this
out I don't even a to you I just have to
thank you and out that my favorite
Christmas movie is die hard actually I
have a old tube television getting all
the HDMI conversions is actually pretty
difficult but I just think it's a more
authentic movie boon experience says the
guy who wants a tube television to play
video games on but that's a different
thing
well sure sure
is that criticism of Jax now I have a
machine gun the Christmas sweater no and
actually know that we made that I made
that I made that myself we ordered one
online mm-hmm but I had like a weird
little diehard logo in the corner and I
don't think it came on time I think it
showed up like the day after we shop
what a fucking diehard logo on it yeah
and it just didn't look as good as the
ruler didn't look as good but I no I
don't think it showed up on time anyway
I was like oh we're not gonna have one
so I just went and bought a sweatshirt
and I I paint I over overcorrected I
painted that with red paint and I think
it's better than the officially licensed
die hard t-shirt absolutely are not
t-shirt sweater it absolutely was we
still have it but nobody liked we
weren't doing that to be edgy I think we
were just doing that to be funny yeah we
were well that's something we're all
wearing goofy Christmas sweatshirts I'm
not disputing that it is a Christmas
movie right I'm just making fun of the
people that think that they're being
special or unique by pointing out that
it's their their Christmas movie because
everyone points out I just enjoyed
watching it I brought Christmas that's
fine I watch it oh oh damn Oh in vain
almost all those the beautiful safe look
at that like that's how you have to do
sometimes sometimes you have to knock
your opponent out but then you need to
save the ballroom the room thriller no
no my there's normally there's multiple
people on your team
yes exactly that's a valiant effort a
valiant effort people you know I think
we're really stepping up our games here
for DuckTales
yeah I think it meant a little more to
us than the other games no no you can do
it or not either way one of those two
things one of those two things we just
we just needed to get our a game on for
the big net games absolutely you know I
have not seen any of the new Stephen
Colbert late Joe I haven't either
ferns good I've heard it's okay so I'm
sure it's fine sure it's fine I don't
know I don't really watch late-night
stuff anymore right I'm interested to
see yes I could see that's a scrooge
mcduck car I like kind of like you know
I was really disappointed so you know we
don't have them at our house we don't
have cable because we watch everything
on Netflix like every civilized person
and so you know like we don't have cable
and and like I haven't turned on like
yeah in forever cuz you know cold TV
yeah we just wait till it comes to cable
check or not came because wait till
comes to Netflix or Amazon and so but
yesterday was the Muppet Show and I was
like oh this will be great Family TV
times let's watch The Muppet Show but
apparently it has been so long since
we've watched regular TV that like our
our antenna we have a digital antenna ah
oh my god tie game just tied it up ya
know just tired I know that I'm time I
know that I'm kind of doing the comments
though there's a look at the top of the
screen what is that oh that's a
scoreboard I'm having I'm adding weight
to it
so you couldn't watch them up in I
couldn't watch them up a job because we
couldn't get any local channels because
alright weird our antenna didn't work
and you know I did I even did the old
like let's load this thing down with
aluminum foil and see if that which I
don't think has any effect on a digital
life I don't know it might so I need to
look into a better digital antenna yeah
I don't know what you have I am like a
year ago networks and that like I think
we just bought this one a couple months
ago and it's powered even you know like
that was its big selling point was was
it's powered to get you more chance yeah
and so like we have to plug in you going
to overtime going overtime here it is
first we score for all the eggs oh my
and and and Rimmer missed it no I did so
I watched that moment show today oh yes
on ABC's website I like it yeah I mean
I'm a huge Muppet fan anyway so you're
pretty biased
um well sure but I mean there's been
some really shitty Muffy Muppet stuff
mm-hmm
I see the Wizard of Oz oh my god I keep
seeing like the poster that's like
that's like the low point it's it's but
the new show it's a little clunky
there's some stuff that didn't quite
work um but you know it's got room to
grow yeah I don't really like the
central concept which is a nice savory
Miller oh my oh my oh come back to
gullet
oh my god
excellent comeback yeah what are mill 89
that was fan-fucking-tastic that save
was oh god yeah um you have earned duck
tails you know what what look at this
what
I'm saving this one oh say no and no you
you just earned a coveted spot on Rich's
harddrive you guys watch that I just
saved a loss yeah and you can watch it
from like any angle you okay cool make a
highlight I see okay so oh so message me
back with your steam information and uh
and we'll get your ducktales okay okay
are we ready for the big day sure why
not you want to do two on one how do you
want to dear copies yeah but I was just
I was ready to give them away and for
like a trivia con don't want them in my
house what do you want - what do you
want to do I mean Metal Gear Solid 5 is
the newest games yes should definitely
be to unlock okay somebody shadow Mordor
shadow murder I'll just do a one a 1v1
okay okay so there's the PlayStation 4
version so we'll be sending you an
actual physical disc so I will have to
mail you the physical PlayStation 4
version of shadow of Mordor which means
you also have to be comfortable giving
me your mailing address yes so heads up
for that and also it's the PlayStation 4
version so obviously you need a
PlayStation 4 so so that's gonna be
that's gonna be the big give for this
one so do do to do to do to do obviously
I will not share your address with
anyone except for people here and and
you know we'll mail you letters no we
won't mail you letters okay let's see
here what do we want what who do we want
to play for shadow of Mordor for the ps4
you have to type in the word Sony for
the Sony Playstation 4
oh here you know whoever types in the
word Sony first that's not especially
creative no wasn't it specially created
did you see someone created like a fake
Sony Pictures Twitter account and they
posted something this morning that
wouldn't
I roll where they're saying Melissa
McCarthy is gonna be in a spinoff of
paul blart like she's gonna be paul
Blart and people were like retweeting
and posting as if it's a real thing no
one bothering to look at the account and
realize that it's just like a fake
account wait
slash from DuckTales did they do an
already did they win today Lou that must
have first one oh that's right / from -
oh so here it is the the 1v1 rematch
yeah okay sloshed from DuckTales saw and
our Miller you just won one so you can't
win again and also you misspelled Sony
no sorry it's four letters it was a typo
oh so sloshed to type it in first that's
how you misspell Sony sloshed from
ducktales you get it hold on the Mia let
me send you the new the the new code
here and the new code is going to be so
this is for shadow shadow rocket okay
created match just sent you I just sent
you the the dealy the dealy-bob
oh my god holy shit Jesus Jesus Christ
cheese and rice Jesus all right all
right I'm waiting for you here we go
here we go
for all the giblets
what game is this work this is for
shadow of mordor the Lord of the Rings
games the ps4 I got it you know after
our after we had so much fun with Batman
it's basically Batman in Lord of the
Rings right and I got very very born
with it Jack doesn't like it I find a
fairly addictive it randomly generates
like like nemesis or captain's you can
fight they all have their own specific
weaknesses okay and they like randomly
generate a face with something a scar
you could hunt those specific orcs down
somewhere in the game world so it
doesn't get boring that's the idea
that's that it didn't work for Jack it
worked for me so it you know like
sometimes when you defeat him - they
don't die but they come back with like
an extra scar yes oh you know to me
there's no variation in it's got flaws I
mean but I love that that aspect of it
get up get up get up
the Nemesis the captains the WarChiefs
the way the way when you kill one like
the lower ones move up the ranks
yeah there's it does have a lot of
little stuff but it just wasn't enough
to uh to engage me in the world to care
because the missions get really
repetitive the combat gets really ok you
know what I'll let you hit it first the
missions the combat gets very repetitive
and the world is boring as far as I'm
concerned
obviously there are people who like it
and that is fine it's nice it that's and
I said that's going in that's going to
happen
so much little nudge who a little nuts
right there jack opinion is bad right it
is I you know you guys know me I Dec
subpoenas Jack's opinion and he's
entitled to it right and I I like a
certain kind of game and I get bored I
get bored very easily just cuz water
both of us doesn't like a thing you like
it doesn't mean you can't like it right
that don't let don't let the thing
you're in to define who you are as a
person
boom right you're out for blood Jack
yeah you're defending that game you
don't even like I gotta make him work
make it work for the second and I
believe it's one that you're physically
mailing them that's the thing that's
gonna cost you two dollars well that's
what you know that's why and by the way
that's why this is only open to
subscribers because yeah pocket oh my
god oh so basically if they're a
subscriber they're paying for the game
anyway well you mean for your shipping
I'd like to think that that helped
offset the ship
I'd like to think that but you know to
fury I was way too fast you're furious
boom boom slash from DuckTales these are
you know these are the big ones that we
gotta earn these ones I don't know and
this is depressing you know
I'm all warmed up now you got to work
for it
just got a score one and you get your
humanity back jack is a rocket League
fan here do people not know this about
me I love this game I don't know if this
game will ever get old for me I would I
would periodically while playing metal
gear just turn this on just to clear my
palate I just know that slosh from duck
tails this is this was your chance at
redemption here yeah well to be fair the
last time you played both written on yes
unfair it was unfair that was a to V
this is a chance to say like look it was
unfair but this what I'm really capable
of you're right you're right answers how
you weren't capable of much more
I know it was that's what I do
Rich's talking's yeah yeah hey if you
turn your shit around in the next minute
and a half it's the shadow of mordor all
right it's true you have a minute and a
half a minute have a lot rockin ton a
ton maybe he doesn't actually want oh
maybe he wants the attention he doesn't
want the game
when you win I hate that game I hate
that game so I think you don't know what
you know I think your problem is sloshed
you're stopping to type that shit in I
was just about to ask how is he typing
stuff if he's playing the guinea you
took a moment think of all this and by
the way he just scored we love you I'm
talking shit but we love you and we love
you more that you said they took time to
type this time site they did yes you
earned more points I mean not actual
points in the game but points in our
hrothgar now I get your euro you're
gonna be sloshed all right here we go
here we go you got a minute just three
to tie I mean you probably can't do it
let's be honest oh I'm taking a new a
new tactic rich and I'm gonna demoralize
okay the real question oh I missed I'm
that one yeah the real question is for
Metal Gear Solid 5 obviously a pretty
new game I don't like I still think two
versus one is unfair well we'll do that
for a bit and if we go like an absurdly
long time with nobody beating us sir
then we'll switch it up okay then well
then someone will have to fight Jay no
someone I'll have to face j4 no will
that be a terrible idea
well you know the lucky person who can
obviously get the guy you're sloshed the
victory should mean something
I guess that's true
if it doesn't work out we could let them
use a bot oh okay okay that's fair
ooh sorry sloshed all right so looking
to give away shadow more dorm and I have
not nothing I've won one individual
match tonight a fight and I've lost
probably one goal oh yeah the DuckTales
one yeah a couple times lost by two once
I don't know someone baby pretty
decently yeah okay think of a riddle for
the next round it will even the chances
of those outside the US Oh Sheriff or
Pingo sake think of a riddle for pings
sake you know like if someone if someone
has oh they can type they can get their
answer in faster sure sure think of a
think of a riddle I mean I just don't
know some nothing I can remember right
off the top of my goddamn head though
right Doyle eight seven one we just
looked at that picture that you shared
thank you that was beautiful
I know trivia right like or just a
trivia question where some somebody you
know has to think about Sherman I'm sure
a prereq trivia question okay okay who
can it here's here's the here it here's
the prereq trivia question who can name
for me and you have to be a subscriber
the only game that rich and I played on
the show for previously recorded that
was on the Xbox one that we played on
the Xbox one
do we have an Xbox one in here for
stream not for a stream for the show
Oh for the show oh whoa one yeah yeah
I'm thinking I'm thinking he said that's
such a stupid name I was thinking at the
original Xbox
there it is twigs mr. big stuff you got
it first but I'm sorry you are not a
subscriber twigs Inc titanfall is the
only game we have ever played on the
Xbox one for the show
twigs gets it you know that wasn't a
yeah that was a pretty easy
twigs gets in Super Mario maker yep that
was it Super Mario maker twigs Inc
where'd you go where'd you go where'd
you go yeah yeah all right boom I'm
gonna say even Call of Duty was was ps4
huh
all right wigs I am sending you a
message
right now subject is so this is shadow
still shadow of rocket and the yeah the
code for the room is going to be one two
three and I just sent it so check your
check your inbox twigs he said hey hey
hey yeah remember we did titanfall we
certainly did titanfall and that was the
thing that we did we had to borrow that
Xbox one borrowed that Xbox one and we
even doing stream shit I don't even know
if we were streaming yet
oh I don't know to exam Oh Jonah hit the
spectator okay
Oh riches blue this time heads up
everyone
rich is still on the on the left itself
should be that hard to understand but
yeah I don't think we were streaming in
and you know we had that Xbox one to
borrow we've never I've never come up
with a good reason to get a buy an Xbox
one for the show yet but because usually
anything that comes out on the Xbox one
also comes out on the PCs right I can't
think of any any Xbox ones exclusive and
my review of Halo would just be you
can't use a mouse I know they're coming
out with a mouse they're coming out with
a mouse support for the Xbox one that's
a thing that's happening rich that'd be
the only thing that would get me to play
the Halo games no okay and they're
releasing all the original halos to
write for the remakes for the other one
yeah we're gonna work on getting you a
Wii U first and Super Mario maker
I've now unlocked all of the stuff you
can use in Super Mario maker I shouldn't
say I have my children have yeah as they
are now obsessed with Super Mario maker
I mean their levels are still shit let's
be honest look at that save nice save
nice save but they have unlocked all the
stuff and they love I mean they
basically they know now that they they
can just start any level with like a
million stars and just glide through the
level that's their thing they're like I
want to be invincible and then I want to
fight all these bad guys but it's like
but that's not fighting them whatever
they love it they'll fucking love it
shit oh shit it's been a great bribing
tool like like you know sure you can
play some Super Mario maker but you need
to clean the living room yeah absolutely
no I don't know much about this game you
make your own levels that's the idea yep
can you do it for different Mario game
yes like the style of it and here's the
thing you can switch on the fly so you
can build it in NES Super Mario yeah
with a one button press boom it's Super
Mario
it's a Samar 3 right it's a it's a what
am I trying to think what was the Mario
four uh oh my god what was a Mario for a
Super Nintendo phone
Mario World is tomorrow yeah yeah and we
know one button press oh wow you can
change that on the fly it's amazing you
do Mario 64 you can't do I realized I
didn't care about video he's a good
manager I had all the Nintendo systems
growing up and I love Mario and then we
got the 64 and I was playing Mario 64 is
like I don't like this like the
side-scrolling yeah I guess I could see
them it was a different beast you know
they were trying to do platforming yeah
3d space and and it just looks so ugly
the graphics for all those games was so
ugly that was the n64 oh no I know I
know I know so if that was yours to lose
but I mean everything for the n64 was
Pistons just like blocky and hideous
they just they knew they wanted 3d but
they're like this is the best we can do
everything looked like the the money for
nothing video actually the dire straits
video looked like crisper is true yeah
oh my god rich oh that was you who are
you facing twigs that was a nice shot
twigs I forgot which one was you at
first
yeah like we unlock this stuff like the
last thing you unlock is the ability to
to make sub levels you know where you
can take pipes to different parts of the
level okay and it was so cool it's
honestly it's really fun yeah it's way
more fun than it should be that was
always my favorite part of the game
Excitebike growing up was making my own
tracks
fuck yeah just all the ramps just like
80 range just nothing but right what do
you call the hyper boosts yeah ramps
uh-huh
so you could do some sweet flips oh nice
nice work there twigs what are you hehe
discombobulated me there's a good right
head straight for the ball one score has
some good defense you can't interfere
the ball and if you're the person yep oh
nice rich nice oh nice thank you thank
you that's true Colonel rich mustard
every 3d 3d game until the ps2 era
really looks horrible like even even ps1
games I've been pulling a lot of footage
from Metal Gear Solid for our review
which is a ps1 game and it's like how
did we ever think this looked even close
to good everything look like balls ass
like not just your balls but like
imagine if you're out extra balls
that's how bad
my shot my shot yeah I don't it's I've
unlocked the ability to record my own
sound effects in it so you can do that
if mario dies you could make them say
stuff oh wow that's great very great if
you're making your own Mario game can
you do like can you actually do like
dialogue and you do cutscene II type
stuff is that a thing I don't know cuz
like it has to be you know like action
specific you know for the sound effects
maybe maybe you could set up like
several blocks and the blocks a stuff oh
my god rich right place right time yeah
my place right thing that's true old
Chris we didn't know like we didn't know
like in the PS like 64 I think everyone
knew look like ass I thought it looked
ugly at the time yeah but in the ps1 era
we were duped a little bit like we
didn't know how good it could look
that's what all the Chris was saying I'm
gonna agree with him where it looks so
much better than the 64 we were like
this is it this is photo you know Laura
Croft
whatever you can do yep nice
twigs we won't allow that kind of
language in the stream that damn nice
work very nice video kijima needs to do
a mario stuff right yeah you know no
thank you
you were luigi the whole time well do
another Mario maker stream absolutely
when we first played oh oh can't put
those on YouTube though can you have you
a serving Tendo stream you can you we
just can't mama thought you just came up
we're just fine you know I enjoyed so
much that I think it's worth it and now
we have all this stuff unlock we did a
Mario maker stream already but we just
got the game and I didn't have an
like now we have all the tools and
really just playing everyone else's
levels is so much fun so anyone can make
a level damn just like upload it and
anyone can play it yep and then you you
can rate it you can comment on it no
that's fun
you know it's aggregated so then you
know the highest-rated ones get featured
and that's cool they they partner with
like specific makers it's very neat and
some of the levels are really amazing
huh all rich oh ho oh my god get there
get there
yes twigs we saw I got lucky
we saw you Biff that one yeah and that
that happens we're very sorry I'm glad
you like that Lucky Strikes yeah we had
a lot of fun with that Mario maker
scream just making your own level is
very satisfying that's cool yeah and
it's something like fixing your level
you know like you you get to play your
level eyes are making it and fixing your
level is so intuitive like like my seven
and four-year-old have that figured out
with like oh I'm missing this jump I
could just put a block here and now I
can make that jump now sure
oh these bad guys are too hard for me
I'll give myself 50 stars good game good
game
oh you're the you're the winner yeah so
no shame no shadow Mordor oh my for
twigs
that's nothing savory playing that's
what that is good game Ritchie's gonna
watch this later over some mulled wine
previous game I do want to watch that
that one fucking save for an anti oh
there was one in front of over time I
thought that was going in I want to see
what the fuck happened alright next
contestant for shadow of Mordor for the
PlayStation 4
something that I need to mail to you so
you need to be comfortable giving me
your actual address what you need to
type in is beard as in the thing on
people's faces beard beard
errand beard yard see people guessing on
now what if they do like like like BER
Edie I like your beard me no I said the
thing on people's face okay
yeah and avianna you have it
avianna you have it there alright
oh and I'm sorry I was supposed to do
trivia well we did I got one more game
to give away if we even give away this
one we're defending this one pretty damn
good yeah oh really I'm good I'm gonna
I'm gonna go ahead and say we're on
fucking point right now all right
avianna you're the code for this game is
it's one two three what one of these
times it's gonna be that we're gonna be
shit ton of people in here alright I
just sent you the code the killer
I sent you the killer what I like the
spectate then where we get to March both
these guys that's good that's good it
was an accident but a happy act yeah
waiting for you avianna
movie yeah J which is better acting Day
of the Dead or zombie - Oh day of the
dead I haven't seen zombie - I know
that's the one with the shark right yes
this is are fighting a zombie it's such
a confusing mess that zombie series but
yeah that's the the zombie fighting the
shark what you can't even tell if
there's good acting in it because all
those Italian horror movies are dubbed
there is an insane stuntman who actually
underwater dresses zombie bites the
shark me fight the shark bites him he
actually like puts his mouth on alright
Oh does he I don't even remember it's
like the craziest thing and obviously
using on Sunday makeup suits not
worrying like a scuba mask well he's
doing underwater like physically
assaulting a shark and zombie makeup in
zombie makeup that sounds awesome it is
yeah it's one of the best clips on
YouTube take it down I'm sure it's up
there and I just recently kind of
started to get into that era of Italian
horror movies which I never liked when I
was younger but that's Lucio Fulci and
I've been watching some of his stuff
lately so I need to re-watch zombie I
think if I appreciate it more now I
think I've read a bit about that I
believe the shark was well fed and
drummed you would only hope yeah yes
they don't give a fuck about animal
abuse and uh oh
almost oh that's right the birds oh yeah
there were the birds and I just throw
the fucking birds at him it'll be fine
yeah it's the weirdest thing with all
the the Italian horror movies from that
era in that they're all like Italian
actors but they're speaking English but
they would shoot those movies with no
sound because they knew they were gonna
dub him over later
sure so they're Italian actors speaking
english dubbed over by american voices
but they would also do a an italian dub
to first you know over there fucking
damn it so that's why i had the hardest
time getting into those movies when i
was younger is just the dubbing i had a
super epic save in the beginning here
and now i'm just it's all fun here we go
there we go that's the head
I'll take it listen I'll take the
wayback guidance light go engine I that
looked like it was going in what the
fucking deed
oh do we have to watch our huh
I turned it on I didn't check to see if
it's still running and maybe I did start
it before he stream oh good I just want
to make sure yeah we have not stopped to
think subscribers yet really take me to
stop to think before we do the metal
gear matches yeah oh did you did you see
me miss I saw that huh
that wood that was that was my bed I
fucked that up fuck that right up bridge
like caramel own in the 1998 NBA Finals
sports that was the game that should
have been Jordan's last game oh yeah
Jordan oh no the ball from Karl Malone
and took it down the other end the court
and scored and that put the Bulls in
scoring range when they wanted and in
the last second of the game I'm I'm from
Chicago I that's important to you
Michael Jordan didn't rape anybody oh oh
wait who did recently alleged so that's
right yeah still yeah a hockey guy right
yep a hat one game at one of them hockey
ears fuck no no no no no no oh no shadow
of mordor as yours the chat is shocked
that I watched basketball no you don't
understand I really just watched Michael
Jordan back in the day yeah everybody
did yeah like everyone in the world did
especially if you were from Chicago I
can only yes yes or anywhere near
Chicago anywhere basically the Midwest
oh yeah like you know we had the Bucks
here but it was just
is that good yes but we're all anyone
care about was Michael Jordan we were
just like no no he's close enough he's a
hometown boy Oh
choo choo choo choo choo
nobody's getting that shadow of mordor
Jack you got out you got to step up your
game step up your game I know I'm really
bit in it but I can do it I believe in
me they're never gonna have a chance to
get medal here Jack we're gonna hold on
to shadow of mordor all night long no
fucking denied fucking hell no I don't
know Oh at least your Biffen it two of
you huh jesus H Christ
okay okay this is getting silly this is
getting silly now I feel silly what's
silly is the fact that you have less
than a minute to tie this game up jack
oh oh oh you did it you did it I said
that a second earlier than I should have
but that was I mean listen we're playing
a little sloppy we're playing a little
sloppy both me and Avion are playing a
little sloppy we can we can all agree on
that right we can all agree on that yeah
we're gonna
what are you title the string super game
gift giveaway okay I think the fact that
we're playing multiplayer for the actual
prizes yeah that's kind of great I think
so boom good more where Jack we're just
that was that was really nice really
nice go right I feel really happy about
that
avianna you got you got 33 seconds you
see the scroll wants to bring it to
overtime right
just need to score once can you do it I
don't know you have an opening oh oh oh
fuck fuck fuck this might happen no no
let's go to the right side that's
alright that's how I got this I got this
no yep no I got this for reals stop
hammer time dude I'm just getting it
away from you now like I'm not even
trying to score anymore I just want you
not to have it dude
that's right that's a grand boom hold on
you did it jack we've defended shadow of
Mordor 3 times yes yes now for all up to
me all of them no pressure no fucking
treasure

[Part III]
trivia trivia alright trivia let me
think of a good trivia question here
before I'm I need to wait for day
because I don't know if I exactly know
the Empire the the answer that's usually
yeah not a good sign when you don't even
know the answer hold on does that mean
anything to you don't say it out loud
it's spelled wrong hold on oh I I don't
is that I don't recall the name I don't
recall it all I I don't remember I
believe that's what it was
I'm trying to think of something from
that you know then because that's a
that's a deep cut trivia question I
think you know and I believe that was
the name of the thing Jay might know
that might take a while people to get
yeah well that's the hope is that but
you know that's a that's a die-hard fan
and you know it frees up the whole lag
thing we're waiting on Jay to to confirm
what if he doesn't remember then we'll
have to think of something else start
thinking of another piece of trivia from
that thing hold on we're getting there
guys Jay you don't say it out loud okay
is that the name of that do you remember
you don't remember I don't know oh we
need another piece of trivia I want I
want a piece of trivia from that people
are complaining that there's a little
bit of a lag you know like a third over
C so if I just say type in a word
they're at a disadvantage oh sure I'm
trying to give them a piece of trivia
okay
I mean that's easy is it is it cuz
that's the answer right okay sure
okay that's easy but that'll be okay so
here is the trivia question named for me
the video that was the first appearance
of fuck bought five thousand okay who
can name that for me and they the name
of the video I'm watching I'm watching
although technically they could name two
separate videos there it is
so the full name of that video is the
great Space Jam okay not because I see
some of you saying like Space Jam great
Space Jam the full name of the great
space is the great Space Jam and so that
goes to Zeno TRO as I say they could
also have said whatever episode the best
of half in the bag that was but that I
mean the actual heavy bag episode
whatever the for sure that is
technically the first video where you
see the great Space Jam well we showed
the great Space Jam first know it's
shown at the end of the episode
well well at the end of episode but the
video played at the film festival first
that's technically the first yeah
alright fair enough
Oh Zenit rope SS abstain I don't own
rocket okay
alright you know what fine oh just wants
to watch rolls I see I see
next I guess Caesarion fart Caesarion
fart you are the next subscriber to save
the great Space Jam Xia Xia trouble
what's what do you feel you just like to
answering it okay Caesarion fart you
will play us
assuming you have rocket League and he's
trying to get us a gift him rocket
League right is that what you need Zeena
trouble do you need a copy of rocket
League okay hold on
Caesarion fart I'm about to send you a
message this is for Mordor rocket and
the the room the room name is Priya
still the password to get into it will
be I've just sent you the password and
rich this is your play I don't for this
time oh my god yep four characters we're
moving up in the well you know I've been
doing three characters a lot so I just
wanted wanted it to be even for everyone
Xena Xena trope here's here's what I'm
gonna say you met message me on Twitch
and I will gift you a copy of rocket
League if you know I cuz I enjoyed that
I enjoy that you just wanted to answer
the clip if you would like it Xena trope
send me a twitch message and I will
steam gift you a copy of rocket ready
you better get inspected I'll get there
you just worry about you
all right defend our Mordor rich defend
it I'm working on that
Oh God look at that right away yeah
right away Caesarion fart gets in there
right away someone let's think Sabbath
habit in before Xena Trump doesn't have
a steam account steam accounts are free
if you would like it and you have a
steam account which you can get for free
listen could you just as easily gift it
on the ps4 I don't know if you can do
that I don't I don't even I don't know
if it comes out if it's a physical thing
and I don't know if you can gift digital
things on the ps4 I've never attempted
to this is the thing the chat knows oh
he has a steam account zenit or has his
team kappa but that's actually a good
question can you give some stuff on
there can you digitally give stuff on
the ps4 I don't know why they would give
you less opportunities to buy things
that's a good point
it's a fair point no people are saying
you can
and other people are saying you can't on
the people I don't you know you can buy
a PSN code on Amazon and send it okay
well so you have to go through a third
party oh that's right sorry
Caesarion fart got a little a little
excited there yeah oh is that true Jay
are the red letter media archive DVDs no
longer available uh yeah it's it's out
of print at the moment oh there you go
you know what it's in the Disney vault
right that's in the vault
locked away forever that was always it
you can still buy the digital version of
it oh okay but the actual but the the
physical disc is out of print and what
is the physical disc AB but the digital
the only thing different is that it has
commentary track okay which really I
mean that's the only thing that makes it
worth it yeah I'm trying to drive a pipe
for it I'm kind of you know this is
pathetic
that back and forth right there yeah
that was eyes remember what a big deal
that was when something was coming out
of the Disney phony or rich what I had
no racket no but you were just you were
off you would have had that do they they
still do that I'm assuming no they they
just only release movies for a brief
period of time and then they take it out
of lease I don't know if they do that
anymore cuz that was the whole thing was
like to give you the illusion that this
is something unique yeah oh yeah it was
all just marketing of course well but
also back in the day remembered like
there was very little options to get a
video that's true and so it probably was
and uh it was of course a marketing
tactic but it was probably real shit oh
and apparently they'd still do that yeah
I mean it doesn't surprise me
nice cool nice intense game shadow of
Mordor the ps4 physical disk right here
right now
hi game I think my parents basement is
still littered with those giant
clamshell disney cases those are
collectors items
oh that's bullshit let me see that
let me see that goal Oh Richie got a
jump you got a jump on the one for v1
yes Jack is getting to look yeah -
Richie was not happy with that
oh nice dead ball actually I think those
like those crime shells are worth
something I don't think so I bet if I
bet if I went to ebay you know you'll
get five bucks for them five well can't
imagine they're worth anything
which one let's go to ebay here real
quick look up any of them look up The
Lion King
well lion Kings out up there they're all
out on DVD that's why they're not worth
anything
hey what about uh what about Cinderella
VHS I did mean Cinderella VHS oh I see
you were wrong it's not five bucks it's
a 149 overestimated okay oh here's a
couple for one cent for fifty yeah okay
yeah yeah no no no that's a VHS in
general is not worth anything unless
it's something super rare that's not
available in any other format there was
for the longest time the most rare VHS
was a movie called tales from the quad
dead zone it's just like shot on video
like horror anthology thing uh-huh
someone in the chat is bringing up
something what about rarer copies of
Little Mermaid box that had the penis Oh
in the dick on it that might be worth
something wait the quad dead zone Awad
dead zone the quad dead zone for the
longest time it was the Athena Guerrera
wrists like officially released VHS yeah
and as a result VHS collectors like in
the last few years they were clamoring
for it because it was so rare sure so
copies were going for like six seven
hundred bucks like a lot of money yeah
and now it's on DVD
and so it's not worth anything all those
people that spent hundreds of dollars to
get their Celtic tales from the car dead
zone now it's worth noting you know it's
still worth something they want to be
one of the best I forget where I heard
this one of the best like sales thing
I've ever heard is something is only
worth as much as someone else is willing
to pay for it oh yeah I bet there are
still VHS collectors that are willing to
pay a decent price for an original VHS
copy of the clawed dead zone oh nice
save how could you ever name it that
quad bed what I haven't seen it it
supposed to be terrible
I'm sure we have it someone sent it to
us oh really the DVD version yeah I've
never watched it and don't you don't you
kind of want that VHS / yeah no I don't
care yeah oh come on can up a little bit
shirt come on rich kid I got it that was
sloppy rich those slop check them up by
- fuck you J Broda I'm interested in
Star Wars Battlefront I remember having
a lot of good time playing the old
battlefront games I just hope they don't
get crazy the the gameplay they showed
us at e3 was pretty cinematic heavy and
that's not what the old battlefront
games were about they were just about
fighting shit I've heard it's
multiplayer only now man I'm fine with
that
how do you have cinematics heavy
multiplayer only game how does that
happen
I don't know that's I'm saying the
gameplay footage was heavily cinematic
so Madden oh maybe they have a offline
mode or something I don't want that I
want like this is the battle you know
this is the Hoth battle choose a side go
who wins that's the fun stuff on Star
Wars Battlefront
nice oh my god oh that's right they did
remove the space battles which you know
that's fine whatever course Lauren that
was a a closer game than the score would
indicate good game good game you almost
said yourself shadow more door buzzes
this is why we waited on the big the big
ticket item that's true what do we do
here like we can't just not give them
out well if people don't earn it
people don't earn it that's do I hear
some crazy what crazy we just get the
jackpot oh no it's now a shadow of
mordor and rich you think yeah I think
that's crazy town that is crazy town but
that's that's a finale in a fucking half
through the jet says step your game up
Chad oh okay yeah the chat likes that be
upping the ante well but that means it's
on me oh that's a ton of pressure
well we'd run trying to versus one
little BOTS okay that's two alright
it'll be on me okay so shadow of Mordor
and Metal Gear Solid five both for the
ps4 so yeah obviously not now with a big
ticket item now now Craig now you want
us to let the non subs play no no this
is a perk of subbing yeah and of course
it's gonna cost me a little bit of money
on this now not a ton of money but you
know no this is a perk and this is your
personal copy of Metal Gear right this
is - the one you play to shoot the
review absolutely so you can you can
actually if you want you can make a
video even if you already own Metal Gear
5 you can make a video of yourself
burning Jack's copy and if you don't
like what I have to say yes
okay so we need another we need another
they're both they're both ps4 middle
gear solid 5 ps4 and shadow of mordor
ps4 physical copies will be mailed yep
sure fucker you want me and rich to sign
it fucker will sign that's fine okay
that's fine okay okay
oh yeah but first that's a let's read
this ups oh yeah let's read this oh the
one okay let's see here who's subscribed
avianna can you read that and knock it
off okay connect knock knork what can an
orc nan orc tab boric computer
cuttlefish Hellcat striker ginger bomb
Misner one April I love you and that one
I can't read little midge man xeno Trobe
mr. Foreman Ellie twigs ink mister bibs
Red Dog Ultima nice Akbar snack bar
Dagobah Dave Wilkinson the clown no
Wilkins the clown and your kind door :
jerk Lind I feel like I'm looking at it
from the other side of the room pretty
much the only I merged thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it it's true we
do it's really it is really true okay so
we need another piece of trivia
we need to trigger a question that we
know the answer to oh by the way the
other trivia question that I was asking
oh and Bill what hecka like thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate
tell me this because the chat might know
this in the great Space Jam was the name
of Jocelyn's galactic empire the rag
knock Empire nobody remembers that was
gonna be my trivia question is what was
the name it wasn't that Brent thinking
what it was if it's so obscure that you
don't know right it's not a good tribute
which right the frag non empire frag
which was a reference to the garbowsky's
cuz I was Rich's character's name on the
garbowsky's he was Frank Donnie alien oh
the fragment Empire that's right wasn't
wasn't the aliens frag non in GI Girl
Interrupted I don't think so okay no I
think it was just let me get started
with this a caesarian fart is confirming
frag nan okay so there you go so okay so
yeah that was too deep of a trivia
question no one would have known that
not even I knew that
okay never another trivia question do
you get anything I'm kind of thing right
come how many fingers am i holding up
I'm gonna look this up is this trivia
about anything or red letter media
related you know we we did one about
prereq we we did a one about the great
Space Jam so just anything I'm I'm not
gonna be too alarmed if it's about
anything okay you mean as long as it's
good you mean anything anything in
general this is one thing everyone
common that's the one thing okay that's
foul that's fair as I just thought of
one but it's not related to Riddler you
know how oh okay so what was the very
first movie watched on best of the worst
ah the very first movie watched on best
of the worst the first movie in the
first episode
that I actually don't remember I was
gonna go with how much health that I
have left when I beat misty oh that
would be a good one too yeah yeah ooh
there you go a horrible Glory gets it
with Russian terminus right I knew that
was the first episode I remember which
movie was first that was the first movie
watch done best of the worst
Russian terms my personal copy of
Russian Terminator I still haven't seen
much that I bought off of ebay years and
years ago my old downstairs neighbor
like over almost 15 years ago introduced
me to Russian Terminator a horrible
glory gets it horrible glory is playing
rocket League one versus one against
Jack that's true for the prize of a
physical copy of Metal Gear Solid 5 and
shadow of Mordor this this is these are
some stakes these are some goddamn
steaks right here and obviously their
fan because they knew that all right a
horrible Gloria I am sending you a
message right now with the code always
over it to get the end oh yeah yep
Mordor Solid five code all right we're
getting there dad don't go over there
why are you going over there stupid
stupid cursor yeah oh no and a horrible
glory if you win it and you want a copy
of bad rats on Steam you can get that
too yeah yeah if you want to change it
to copy of bad rats will be willing to
work with you
right
okay great man okay okay a horrible
glory I just sent you the message with
the code oh my lord I on I feel a lot of
pressure here a horrible glory doesn't
have it doesn't have what doesn't have
what he doesn't you don't have rockets
my god is this our fan base is this
really a fan base lacking any any iota
of common sense this is the whole thing
we've been doing this all night like I
get it like you know a trivia answer you
just want to show the effort it takes to
type it in a horrible yeah it was cute
with Xena trouble yeah no it's just
thank you for subscribing but you've
kicked us in the nuts metaphorically
speaking
okay well now we okay so here's the
stipulation for the trivia in case
anyone was unaware you need to own a
copy of our cases in order to play with
us you also need to have a ps4 cuz I'm
giving you ps4 copies of shadow of
Mordor and Metal Gear Solid all useful
information yeah and you need to be
willing to give me your address as I
need to mail them to you these are all
the stipulations I need to be a
subscribe according to captain nitpick
Oh bother was the runner-up I never got
to scroll back and double-check my fort
before it Scrolls past our ability to
see what it was all right
horrible glare doesn't have it I am
unable to I'm unable to confirm that so
we need a new one we need a new trivia
question a horrible glory that was a
great trivia question I felt I thought
that was a horrible glory probably
ruined Oh bother his chance to get Metal
Gear Solid 5 Obama is probably really
pissed at you he should be he should be
it's fine it's totally fine okay so now
we need another trivia question we're
starting fresh I'm sorry no bother I'm
very sorry I just can't confirm I don't
want it to become a thing where is like
to it so I'm very I'm pissed it
it's okay a horrible Gloria so we need
another question oh my god
I am Oh Jay has okay you go Oh bother
everybody and everybody in the chat if
you have if you have any honor in your
soul any honor
you're gonna give Oh bother like a
two-minute head start a two-minute no no
I'm just saying I suppose I probably ok
ok so before best of the worst
we would only feature B movies bad
movies on half in the bag so what was
the first movie featured on half in the
bag that showcased rich reacting and
laughing Oh what was the first movie I
don't think I was that was me and I
don't remember that answer lucky
luckiest strikes yeah luck is strikes
yeah no that's it galaxy invader galaxy
invader galaxy invader Lucky Strikes has
no honor and Jack you you need to defeat
me strike galaxy Vader that was the
second episode of half in the bag
really yep you did it you did a b-movie
on the second episode that's what we
still weren't
sure what the show was like are we gonna
just do modern releases I don't know
those were lucky strikes us he doesn't
have rocket League Lucky Strikes we're
ending the stream if you say that he
said that no Lucky Strikes are you
joking with us Lucky Strikes nobody
nobody gets anything now is this what's
happening tonight like your strikes do
you not have a copy you tell me you tell
me right fucking now he doesn't have a
copy you guys here's what we do here we
try to be nice we say hey we got some
girl would give away some games we play
games and two guys would give them away
and you fuckwad
are so wrapped up and getting a trivia
question right there you don't care
about the rules you know you can you
keep an honor and honor among assholes
haven't you ever heard of that no better
than that
what do we do I don't know we can't
trust any of these people we can't we
can't trust any of these people yes your
your copies of the game Jack what do you
want to do we have already established
it would be a disservice if we just gave
them away like not playing rocket no no
we have to play rocket you have to play
Roger who's the rightful person who gets
to play is the question right you know I
mean the person who get who got screwed
the first time the first we got screwed
the second or the person who will
inevitably get screwed if you try this
again right yeah that's the thing you
guys get a bunch of names try them in
order I just I just don't I just don't
know I just don't know what to do about
this
don't give any more games to these fucks
right you know what no because we've
played some legitimate people and we
would be Dishonored but having fun up
until this bullshit yeah it was cute
that once it's just they think maybe
I'll get a copy wrangling because you
you offered that because I was a really
nice to Zena drone yep yeah because
because here I'm thinking like oh you
know you got anxious but now it's a
thing yeah hmm so basically they're
teaching me that I shouldn't be so nice
yeah basically that's what you guys are
teaching me it's not gonna work I'm
gonna be nice I have a lot of people on
the chat wanto bother to have his chance
and I don't care I think that's fine
hair a parent person that gets yep okay
everyone is saying Oh bother was the
first person who was the second person
to get screwed because that if Oh bother
fails we'll go to the second person that
got screwed all right Oh bother
I'm sending you a mat you better have
this fucking game I'll bother
I'm sure yeah yeah I just I just I just
can't even I can't even maybe this is
all an elaborate the thing to psyche Oh
bother
Oh bother doesn't have a ps4 he'd stole
though it's physical property and he
couldn't sell the games or we could give
him bad rats in standard Oh about if you
don't have a ps4 do you want the games
do you do you want the games or should
we have give somebody who owns ps4 and
wants this brand-new popular game a
chance to win it it's like a disaster
this is a disease think the most fun
idea ever how did this go wrong I mean
you know we had other games right into
play tonight and we came up with this
idea and we thought it would be a really
fun we've had a very fun time so far
yeah give him a Starbucks gift
these people like you know i know-oh-oh
bother do you want like if you win do
you want a copy this is I get in you
know yeah you might not even win do you
know and I'll take it alright don't
think he'll know she wants to play for
bad rats you want to take you won't play
for bad or rats you know what fine I
mean technically it's not as it's not as
exciting as if you were excited about
the game and want it yourself but I mean
you could you could so that's true you
could say it's all Grand Theft Auto 5
not Grand now or not having that grab
Metal Gear Solid 5 right there's too
many things Jack too many bees yeah you
know you know what I have to say about
where the stream is going what oh it
doesn't even do the final one Oh bother
yeah that's right Oh bother I have sent
you a code we're gonna play and you tell
me what you want
if you rent that's what we're gonna do
yes didn't know so we know what's going
on do you want you want bad rats and you
want the middle yours
okay we're gonna play them just because
I want to play the game now yeah I'm
gonna do my best to murder wait you say
kick his ass but I've just sent you the
code what kind of code for the room the
room code
Rich's turning this to a shitty FM radio
show no ow oh my god Oh bother
oh my god well you demoralize now
strategy
oh my god okay nose
all right do you hear the silence in
here do you hear how stairs we feed it
everyone everybody everybody's a dick in
which I guess we knew already you know
just one of those things
oh how to juice out of juice fucking do
it Obama don't you fucking do it Oh
bother
Oh oh my god he really he really wants
those rats you better be getting bad
rats no did he say what he wanted
yeah I don't think Oh unless he says
otherwise again it's this is for shadow
of mordor and Metal Gear Solid 5 on the
ps4 mystery cuz he doesn't over ps4 but
he could still own the desk
yeah if he wants him yeah if you want
some let's change it to bad rats okay
Bobby's choice
consecrating so this is for all Marvel
you gotta concentrate you gotta make
that goal right all right good
when you do it again right oh he says
bad rats
all right we're playing for bad rats
this is for none of the marbles this is
for the ugliest slowest marble and
you're not even gonna get that marble
this is like the marble that like I'd
like rolled over like an ant now there's
like ant guts and the marbles kind of
you know get over here above it bother
you get out you get a lot of credit for
being my pokemons lizard okay
you get a lolly way for that my Pokemon
list is my Pokemon that's true oh well
there was our Charmander is the name Oh
bother
a reference to your from Winnie the Pooh
oh I can only assume oh and I I think he
might not even know what we need the
Pooh is yeah I could only imagine I
don't know what these kids are woody
funny the proof wasn't the most exciting
thing when I was young so no but I
remember yeah yeah we was I remember on
the Disney Channel there was a
live-action we need the Pooh when we
woods big dumb costumes was there yeah I
remember that Winnie the Pooh is big for
it's a family values and slight
Christian overtones oh sure
that's why is it's very popular amongst
the grown-ups
Oh oh my god oh my god jesus H Christ
butanol right then since this is for bad
rats will set some definite rules for
the next one you know and I think we're
gonna make it a rule that if we get
screwed again with the I don't have
rocket League that then every answer is
null and void and we'll just do it again
so we don't have to worry about who was
the runner-up sure sure if somebody lies
again then they're just fucking somebody
over yeah but that's in the rules now
it's it's anticipated yep
I don't you know it's just one of those
things where you know we're trying to
give someone who actually wants this is
the big brand new game then people are
excited over and if someone has a ps4
and wants it we wanted to make somebody
happy usually we don't try to make
people happy about us
and you know what this is why and this
is a fun idea what bad near the end I
still think this is a fun idea overall
yes and I wouldn't mind doing something
like this again yeah agreed
agreed if sage ancilla says if someone
answers and doesn't have rocket League
you're banned for at least 24 hours uh
yeah yeah I'm fine with that too yeah
absolutely
but we also asked again so we don't have
to have the headache of well who who
really got it absolutely that is the new
the new rule is you know obviously you
know banned banned for the rest of the
night
wow that's hardcore
oh look at look at look at how much that
sucked the wind out of it oh this stream
was going along gangbusters yep and
we're gonna get it back once someone is
playing for for something they want
again well this is still fun this is the
fun nobody didn't do anything wrong he
didn't do anything wrong right right
Obama is in the clear he's now like he's
a jerk who lied about having rocket
League just to fuck somebody over to
troll the stream
he just doesn't own a ps4 but he wanted
to fly rocket League we do have other
games he'd get actually there's other
games the list other than bad oh sure
yeah if you want like yeah we'll give
you a bother if you win if you pull this
off
we will send you a list of the other
things we have yes good you didn't do it
anyway
you did something weird you know what
that's Farish but now wrong
it did maybe for quality laughs that's
true that's true it's it's all
entertaining it was funny the first time
it was it was funny and cute the first
time even the second time was pretty
funny the joke has now reached 33 and
that's the rule in comedies and rule
threes and so now we have to make some
real rules
oh wow it's going in anyway it's good
huh yeah a slop but I'll take it
no I wanted didn't do it like I said
like rich said Oh bother just did
something weird where he doesn't have a
ps4 and we're giving away ps4 games
right now but I mean maybe maybe he
actually wanted a different game and our
steam thing and you know what he's not
gonna win anyway so it doesn't fucking
matter she can score four times in the
next 17 seconds this incident has lit a
flame under Jack's ass oh is now the
rocket League master first
I think I'm this is this makes me three
yeah I know your last three games here
everyone like what twice I don't know
you don't burn me so alright so bother
you don't win anything anyway but we're
not mad at you no no we're not and I
still really enjoyed your beer thank you
for that bad rats made me do it
jack is really defending the hell out of
bad rats absolutely it's just like the
worst game ever and it's always on sale
on Steam for like 20 cents okay alright
how are we doing this okay the trivia
question has led to nothing but human
misery every time we've done a trivia
question sure if there's been a problem
okay so so first off rule number one if
you don't have rocket League and you
answer the question you get banned for
the rest of the night yes
that's happening second we are playing
for PlayStation 4 games new ones nice
ones so maybe if you don't have plays in
Bordeaux
don't answer but still but still you
know what if you want them you won't you
want to take them the game stock traded
me for whatever game system at this time
yeah but you you need a copy of rocket
League
no rocket League is both on PC and you
can you can on it's on ps4 as well and
you can play we can play together even
though we're playing on the PC if you're
on a ps4 you can play us on the PC so so
the first person to say good job Lucky
Strike that's it
do they have to spell Lucky Strike
correct no whatever do that you know
what I'll be I'll be lenient on that
okay yeah as long as I get it close to
what it's supposed to be good job Lucky
Strike that was it yep okay ice bone
badger ice bone badger is the first
person to say good job Lucky Strike ice
bone badger I'm gonna ask you a really
important question
this is kind of really important do you
own a copy of rocket League I have I
have my my finger over the ban button I
own rock oh okay I spawn badger I'm
gonna send you a twitch master or so he
says you're gonna play rich your dorm
and Metal Gear Solid 5 the phantom pain
on the PlayStation 4 he says I own
rocket League on the PC and the ps4 oh
yeah you can play me I'm whichever one
you want
yes okay ice bone badger dududududu -
ice bone badger subject Mordor msg the
code the code for this game is going to
be
it's create match okay no rights you
have to grab it oh I have to put the
keyboard somewhere before I do that I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'll take that he's
double not banned he gets to play a fun
game that's the opposite then you get to
play a fun game hopefully you get to win
some stuff okay it's gonna be great
everything's gonna be great two of ps4
games hopefully you don't all those ps4
games and this this could be a really
fun thing if you win that's the other
thing is you still have to win if you do
own them pretend you don't
and just trade them in just pretend just
and tell it yeah lie to us i scone
badger that's all we're asking
just lie to us I don't even care if
you're on a ps4 as long as you're just
lying about it make us feel good okay
okay just joined I'm waiting for a pop
up waiting for you all right here we go
Jack you want to set that I do you know
what I do
oh right away
nobody's get this game nobody is getting
this game that's fine we're making him
work for it I like that oh he's in prime
position here oh he's got it he's got it
yes look at that you know getting that
bounce off the first ball is so
difficult yeah you don't want to get
behind the ball yep and that's that's I
was so that was perfect
ice bone badger come on
bone badger you DeBell major
oh did it Oh rich you're giving it away
I don't give a shit away Jack I know I
know you're not you're not out of it yet
have we sung happy birthday in the
stream no but we can now we can't how
legally because a happy birthday is no
longer under copyright protection so we
could if we wanted to we don't have
anyone to sing happy birthday to oh oh
come on rich you can do this I don't
know what good morning to you is it's
the song that happy birthday I think is
actually based off of oh good good
morning to you sure and apparently that
people Oh rich come on what
it's six hundred five people in the
stream it has to be someone's birthday I
won't trust any of you is what I will
say right now yeah you got it you got it
you got it you've got it you've got it
you got it
alright Jamie thanks for hanging out
with us goodbye all have a nice night
good luck whose plain ice bone badger
good luck ice bone badger wow you said
that good night like kind of like a
weird sensual way then very
uncomfortable right now goodbye
everybody
oh my god oh damn it
people jad seemed to really enjoy that
Oh rich nice oh you're right this is for
like a hundred dollars worth of games
this is for a lot of games and you know
like I was I was originally thinking you
know just I'll just trade him back into
game stuff but I thought this would be a
little more fun
that's all right
oh yeah you got that rocket fuel
you got that rocket fuel oh no he did
that oh I would have just let that
bounce in his head now make sure it goes
in no chances yeah your chances you're
right you're right yeah that sucked that
sucked ice blowing badger when you
accidentally knock it in yourself this
game is amazing at making you earn your
losses
you feel bad for your loss thanks rich
nice timing not quite sure like which
direction you need to turn this is this
is very intense there's only a score
difference of 1 right now you know this
is this is anybody's game and there's
three minutes rich just bought himself
some breathing room my turds are green I
was thinking the same thing I'm not
gonna say it out loud though
whoof
ah well riches play step it up step it
up man
you want those games you try to step it
up rich are you taunting oh yes
that's exactly what you deserved yeah I
know this is a good match and you were
using you brought your your smack talk
to me no rule never never fire your
opponent up yeah yeah what were you
thinking I helped him out he's got the
fire now while rich is playing to update
everyone yeah last dream I was playing a
little all right you gotta get there
gotta get there gotta get there oh no
she's shooting saves in a row Jesus
Christ I thought you liked that that
second one was kind of dink I thought it
was just gonna dink in how he people on
me
oh yeah that's smart oh no you got this
look at this look this clashing this is
fucking awesome I'm glad I should talk
made for a good fucking game oh whoa oh
oh rich giving him some space taking a
defensive position I don't know if
that's gonna work out for him okay yeah
you stopped him something there at least
nice nice get it back on the orange side
Oh the buttbounce there get out of there
it's true it's very satisfying I'm gonna
save my story this is too exciting
39 seconds Oh Oh God oh hello denied oh
you got you got the savior award for
probably three epic saves that's amazing
oh and then you both Biff like that
get off the wall get off the walls fine
it's all fine
oh good good game my friend very good
game excellent game ice bone badger well
fought yes very well fun woof okay we're
going again obviously it's a two-man
menu I I you know you almost hit and I
mean I had some great fiction sex and I
don't even leave okay we're going again
everyone please remember the rule if you
don't own rocket League and you answer
the question you will be banned for
tonight so we're going again and did we
just do type are we doing trivia again
whatever you want Jack whatever okay
once again just to reiterate because I'm
young people might be coming in and out
yep the we are playing for prizes
whoever beats Jack Jack is playing this
time will earn a free copy of the
PlayStation 4 versions of shadow of
Mordor and the brand-new Metal Gear
Solid 5 we will we will mail it to you
so you had to be willing to give us an
address to mail it to could be gonna
give me a peel box we don't give a shit
but that's right and you have to own our
league and you have to be a subscriber
and you know others there's just no way
for us to I know I see a lot of people
are asking for kind of like random picks
but there's just no way for us to really
do that easily and so this is just the
best method we have and if you're lag is
that bad in chat I mean you're probably
gonna have bad lag in the game you're
probably gonna have bad lag in the bag
in the game so rich I hope knows the
answer to this it's a trivial question
he asked earlier what was riches HP at
the end of the misty Pokemon battle how
much health did he have left at the end
of his misty Pokemon battle that is the
question
Graham Dolph mega put the answer is mega
punch I kind of love that the Graham
Dolph you are correct
rich had 6 HP at the end of his misty
battle so grand off gets it but Oh
bother
gets you no special accommodation
because he was my lizard we could well
one because he's answer was a mega punch
that's what you know what that's what I
had it will bother for grey bothers job
good more go bother you stand that mega
punch train you train manage all right
gram dhal where'd you go - Graham Dolph
I'm sending you the code to get into the
game
hold on there in your twitch inbox
crammed off hello your salad for Mordor
rocket alright these are for the games
Graham Dolph and the password is going
to be
just sent you the password you can read
all right all right I don't have a good
memory at the match huh I did oh it's
starting mister I don't have a good
memory a rich rich knew yes the answer
to that I did not remember we and rich
just made the highlight video so I'd be
freshman yeah I was yeah
all right grand off
so yeah I fold strategy oh I'll bother
had a winning one on that one but I was
more on the loop this time we've had a
good showing Jack what we've had a good
showing when it came when it comes to
these games early on we're just dropping
games left and right now
now fuck
there's a good chat good chat grind off
good job I know I gotta I gotta get in
and out okay
okay we can do this feeling that
pressure grand off that pressure I mean
it's like it's like a hundred dollars
worth of game that's it's a pretty big
price I mean you know before we're
giving out like like bad rats fight poor
or so everyone's a couple rocks don't
don't lose it man
don't lose to keep it keep it together
no pressure no pressure I mean it's just
you know you got one goalie time it's
just one goal but you got a lead
absolutely when Jax Jax kind of like
yeah he's mad about this game about what
game this rocket League game he knows
what he's doing
you got some competition don't don't
lose it don't lose it
keep it together man I don't know if
you're helping me Chris also I don't
know if you're trying to help me
oh no oh fuck
Randolph what was that I don't know just
probably the part of that USB port is
flipping out no sir
as long as yours is working right that's
the important thing
kinds of trading
concentrating
yeah I'm not gonna say much I'm just
gonna let this play out this is the
finale well hopefully not the finale
woman these two games in general oh sure
tense this is tense
do jackal end n and n as to ass
technically I guess that's true yes
did you rebound she's trying to keep it
over here yeah how do we keep the TV
from going to sleep isn't right is there
something we can do
like I just what change the volume Thank
You Chet bringing that up yeah orbit
Jack wait he's got good positioning
he's got good positioning Oh Graham doc
oh you got you got 2 minutes almost two
minutes hey you can you can do it I can
do it Graham Dolph is good Graham
Delphis got me he's been watching my
strats all night
he's been learning also why didn't I
have the boost right there that was
weird right scorn won't matter huh
scored it won't matter
yeah no matter who fuck oh okay okay
that that makes it that makes it a
little easy yeah little easy yeah okay
Space Ghost as I hope you guys have some
stamps on hand damn space come on it's
not over yet
nice backflip Graham Dolph
take it take it
nope get down get down get down rich
people can't see this but like riches
bobbing his head when I should hit them
he's like he's like trying to she's
trying to hit the jaw and it's adorable
oh oh
freeze over time bring it to overtime
shit shit my palms are sweaty wiping the
sweat out of his palms I'm trying to
give him a fight trying to give him a
fight oh look how close that was Oh
oh oh sorry it's on his side it's on his
side I can do this no I can't okay
if you get any quick enough you'll have
one last shot
congratulations grind off oh that was a
great match that was a really fun match
Graham Dolph
you win Metal Gear Solid 5 and shadow of
Mordor for the PlayStation 4 twitch
messaged me back
you're addressed and I'll get that out
to you that was that was spectacular
that was an earned win yes that was an
congratulations and we had some some
really good near misses too early yeah
yeah lots of close matches I'm glad you
know what like these are these are my
games that I'm giving away so I'm glad
that I lost them
yeah like rich Slauson I was feeling the
pressure I definitely was oh okay well
that is that's a great way to end the
stream losing losing you know it's the
weight had to win every great champion
test it has to lose what all the right
all the great fighters they they end at
a loss that's how you lose the belt Jack
that's a you know what I guess we had a
lot we had a lot of wins yeah yeah we
had a we had a and we had a governor how
many times did we defend those two
fucking games we defended that I want to
say we defended him five times
shadow of mordor four times yeah and
both of them once I had more than once
for both it was like what we would be
towbar but he was playing for bear oh
yeah Oh No thank you guys for coming out
I know like we got a little chat you got
a little silly with the home a couple
people with the whole I don't know
rocket League thing a couple people
let's not blame the whole chat there's
hundreds of people in the gym that's
true but thank you anyway and let's see
if we have any more can you all tab over
to see this couple I think I heard a
couple and I will I will make sure to
get everyone the game either tonight
games either tonight or tomorrow and
obviously I'll mail them out
Graham Dolph Oh Thank You Graham dog
Bella hecka okay so we have n 3 0 n and
30 and maybe enough butter peanut butter
peanut butter
sorry I'm sorry L Argentine are L
Argentine oh it looks like nitro inferno
yeah and dolphin toy thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do
