Oct 28, 2015
Dark Souls 2, Jay's Movie Giveaway
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/26078366
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/26079677
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/26079916
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxpuI-4z2DM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZsT_zUnRU4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnaelyB3fxk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/659441430964916224
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/660895951465398272

[Part I]
give a shit I have shit to talk about if
you want to play first oh yeah okay
who's fun hey everybody
I blow yeah none of a 52 viewers are you
subscribed over here way oh my god you
have the as the torture room I do I do
have a guitar on hello everybody welcome
to the stream we're not doing the game
giveaway yeah the cam will be later
we're streaming from Jack's laptop and
there was a a lacking number of USB
ports I I did the I didn't do the math
correctly about all the you were staying
in offline mode is whatever huh yeah
we're at offline mode because yeah
always offline mode always what I said
always offline on
I'm sure it's all fine
great yeah my so we're streaming off of
my laptop which only has two USB ins one
we need for the microphone and one we
need for the game capture device because
rich couldn't bring in his computer
today and that's so that's how I work oh
that spooky lightning thunder thunder my
lightning uh thunder that's your bolt
but the screen flashes so basically
we're super spooky tacular so we will be
we don't have a USB splitter and if you
wanted us to run out and get a USB
splitter it would mean that would be
even later than we already and any kind
of USB hub and the studio was in use yes
elsewhere
yeah this is and so basically Jay is
getting some super important work done
and afterwards he's going to come join
us and we are going to then we'll turn
the cam on or maybe not I don't know and
do a super spooky spooky movie giveaway
extreme and it's gonna be great
and it's gonna be great
the screams of the innocent the innocent
in the basement
the what with the noises they shouldn't
be hearing oh yeah yeah you should not
hear those noises coming from the nether
regions of the studio because that's
spooky
rich there's far too many spooky things
happening this is on the ps4 I have the
ps4 version that's what we're streaming
from should you skip it's not like I'm
paying attention that's happening you
will stand before it goes against my
nature to skip by the way this looks
great
we're playing this on the ps4 because
that's what I have it up and again rich
doesn't have his almighty PC here and so
just me my lap my lerp my last year here
my lips Europe
that's all I got please skip skip skip
yeah okay great always good that's fine
something to talk about in the game
giveaway section sector is apparently
the way we have been doing our giveaways
has sometimes been technically speaking
illegal yeah yeah
explain this apparently according to
twitch his own rules and they're a
little vague on it but according to
twitches own rules all giveaways or
drawings or contests need to adhere to
the no purchase necessary rules okay
which means that whenever we do a
subscriber only giveaway technically
speaking it is against the law hmm you
know weird obviously we did not know
about this how did we find out about
this someone tweeted at me
not necessarily upset about it but just
you know giving me a heads up and then I
looked it up on twitches forums and true
nuff no sucks well you know it doesn't
100% sucks so today for the spooky movie
giveaway we will be opening it up to
everyone then the laws I don't want to
give away anything now no I'm dead
serious I don't want to give my jack
shit what I still want to give away
stuff no fucking hi our subscribers
should have some kind of like what are
the perks otherwise is subscribing
what are they jack so because they get
the pizza roll we noticed them in chat
more yep they get the use of our emotes
oh oh joy
that's oh oh that's that makes all the
difference in the world I ain't give it
away shit today
I ain't doing it Wow Wow rich I fuckin
over our loyal subscribers listen we got
like 17 month people coming up true oh
my god is a giant cliff I almost ran off
a cliff am i insane frothing at the mall
to rant it is here's the here's the
thing it is a kind of a gray area yep
the the way in which it's done and there
is nothing super conclusive about it but
like just the general practice is like
hey you should probably oh my god there
was a cliff I fell off a cliff you die
yeah I can look at I don't even have a
sword a sword we could coincidentally
only reward subscribers that is true but
you know so if I mean I guess what I'm
saying is and and we're a small enough
channel where I'm sure like if you just
wanted to we could just do this well I
what if we some some jackass could just
wander in five minutes when something
we'll never see him again that's true
that's true
how about this how about in every other
as a compromise I think that's still
technically illegal I don't know I need
to read more into it where am I going
leftover beefcake I know you're joking
that I need to buy eggs after the stream
but coincidentally I do need to buy more
eggs after the stream just by sheer
coincidence I'm going to the grocery
store again I eat a lot of eggs rich
okay I need you to know that so that
other thing is that's what you that's
why we don't we don't have a cam today
we have a cam but the only camera I have
is attached to my laptop and so for the
for the game giveaway we're gonna turn
the cam on and the game footage off and
that'll be bad but I have no I have one
egg I have one egg I had enough eggs for
breakfast tomorrow
is that not enough eggs how many eggs do
you really need Jack I need three eggs
every morning for breakfast and I have
only have one egg because Lisa used the
other two to make a cake saying it's not
illegally to do the giveaway thing if
the chat is coincidentally in subs only
Road whoo okay gray area workaround how
about this I would like to do like let's
say I'd like to do 20% open doll okay
okay if we give away ten movies I would
like at least two of them to be open to
everyone okay in the spirit of
generosity you can even do a little bit
more than that you wanna do more than
that okay one okay I'm not gonna be a
complete Grinch let's do that well the
people who let's support oh she gets
something that should be work that
should be worth is something that pizza
rolls okay all right I'm with you I can
be with you
I don't I can't believe you
someone says Jack tell rich to be a
sorcerer I'm not one of the points and
resistance guys yeah like we believe
name try to recall your name who wants
to be named biggle but who wants to be
named Fergie dandelion snack or this
will be all erupted anybody the first
person who calls it first person who
wants to be named now
all right mr. shy smile is the first
person I see great
mr. chiasma well yeah and you know
that's the other thing you know meet
Packard Oh meets Packard would be great
the other thing that subscribing Getz is
more of our content the reason that we
keep doing this overall sure is though
that's that subscription helps us
produce the show and so I'm done go go
select the other thing so I can be done
there we go
are you gonna use the d-pad you can't
that's weird just weird
mr. joy are you sure of your name mr.
Schine are you sure
by the way that's pretty cool mr. Shea
yep and you're gonna be like wielding a
sword and they called me mr. Shea pardon
me while I fuck your shit up
all right what are these things
you know you're customizing your
character that you'll only see the back
of you just randomizing purple eyebrows
purple purple arrows Heaney's purple
arrows
Rich's randomizing everything nice beard
he needs a fanciful mustache courage no
I hate well it's that was fade huh that
was fate get out of that he needs a
fanciful mustache really yeah there's
there's a few things that I need from
this character look look at that
fanciful mustache
no that's a beard really look at the
fanciful mustache up - yeah there you go
there thank you everything else can be
random aliens want to match the mobile I
guess that makes sense yeah you want to
do that well we'll have matching colors
on there well that looks fantastic
I think that looks fantastic he he looks
to be like a man who's in a synth band a
band that employers a synthesizer or
perhaps all synthesizers or maybe he
plays the banjo to be ironic
oh god this is atrocious absolutely this
is the worst idea I have ever had great
he looks great
mr. shy being oh we lost the mustache
I'll go back to me and Susan Louis a
she's back we need the fanciful mustache
fucking ripped I'm fuckin rub your back
perfect you really want sorcerer they're
saying sorcerer is the way to go but we
have fallen down that path before yeah
whatever
it's all fine all right it's all fine
homeward bone I don't know what that is
but that seems like a good gift I don't
know what it is great is this your true
self the purple hair that's my mustache
the wizard
they go but no no no come on now will
you get a little staff e staff oh I hate
magic what is it why did I agree to be a
source for you I don't know you that's
that that's a really weird thing if you
hate magic I do I actually do you never
I'm never the mage yeah absolutely never
I mean sweet man no need to wait okay
it's fine it's all fine great
that's why I gave letting other people
tell me what to do I do love his bright
bright pink purple hair look at that
that man sticks out in a crowd no sir I
came from I don't know yeah yeah that's
where I came from
no can't we will have a camera later but
we can't lack of USB ports lack of USB
ports on Jack's laptop big lack of the
USB ports but we'll have a camera later
when we do the mega movie spooky movie
giveaway the mega fucking movie give
away every hump we have in the studio
isn't used by another computer that
needs it more than we do yes hard drives
and one nut no I rich that's too healthy
that you've used now yeah I don't care
it's all fine I haven't played
blood-borne and it's months couple
months they just announced that when the
blood-borne DLC is coming yeah yeah late
next month come some of the weapons look
really cool I'm really excited to get
back into blood-borne
in general you know there I've been I've
been playing I've been playing a ton of
tf2 lately where the fuck am I supposed
to go up there no Jack you tell me how
to get up there and I'll get up there
where that where else can you go
there's a bridge where I came from
though oh then I'm wet in this house
yeah and where did the door lead you
back out here oh wait this is the back
this is the other this is a little yeah
this is like the back door looks
different bridge different bridge maybe
alright as this fine move fine okay so
I've been playing a ton of tf2 lately
because we've been testing out that
steam controller yeah whoo secret path
rich dinosaur feet probably not a good
path to think that's a great path to
take your I mean it has giant foot oh
there you go stab him in the back he's a
friend he's not a friend stab him in the
back how do you know that because he's
about to he almost sat on you do friends
sit on you rich yes I'm sorry no I will
get facecam back next time I bring the
laptop I will remember a USB hub of some
sort many apologies for no face cam we
tried to get like my laptop doesn't know
I keep accidentally hitting that button
the health poisoned button yeah
my laptop does have like a camera
built-in but it just doesn't look good
and then our like we wouldn't be able to
use the green screen it would take up
too much of the shot so we're gonna use
it later when when Jay comes and we do
super movie
give away super make a movie give away
okay do you remember how to backstab
it's just the stronger talent maybe I
don't know if backstab works of us this
is a different game then you might want
to run away or is it is it holding down
the light attack OOP what happened there
I don't know you can do it right oh yeah
I could do any good just fine I'm sure
I'm not supposed to go this way
oh you can't backstab without a backstab
capable weapon ah thank you
yeah I think that's uh I think that's a
fake out stupid magic I think that yeah
I mean I'm sure you can get different
weapons later there's a thing what's
that if it blocked you you get it can
you get your you get it are you did get
it I'd I'd take that all back hey go
rich fuck off our three to lock on
oh and apparently that isn't that's a
narwhal troll Oh a narwhal troll ah the
narwhal trolls can't be backstabbed
there are a certain number of enemies in
this game that cannot be backstab so
lucky strikes we will get the FaceCam
back I promise just not not for this
game pretty much dead end anyway well we
know there's some behind you 100 K
became cave wonders the Cave of oneness
the cave of might it's the cave boy oh
oh that was that coal assic from
software fake out how we turn around
that's not a fake out it's just we went
the wrong way you just don't need to go
that way good classic from software I've
only played one of their games no I've
read more of their games I'm gonna be I
mean pretty much just Dark Souls what
Technica mean I mean just blood-borne oh
yeah a little bit we played a demon
souls and a little bit of Dark Souls 1
well that was my joke cuz like I'm not
at all equipped to say classic from
software Oh what this wizard you would
lock onto him if our three they say Vega
oh look at oh that's pretty good you got
a minute
Oh fucking magic I forgot everything
about blood-borne I forgotten about the
lock-on yeah I forgotten everything know
how it has been that fucking long
exactly like this is very that that
troll is very reminiscent to the to the
giant ogre with a sword and that's in
yarman yeah I figured I'm just having
fun I'm not I'm not this is not super
serious MLG Pro Dark Souls 2 time it's
not this is I'm fucking around until we
do whatever we're gonna do later yes
okay completely fucking useless if you
don't have to walk on completely useless
I hate the staff and I hate fucking
wizards all wizards can fucking suck it
oh I could have had a fucking sword
you could have oh and I have a dagger
but no no they wanted me to be a wizard
fucking wizard but like you go Boop you
I want to go walk back I want to chop
somebody's fucking head off I want the
visceral thrill of violet gory combat I
don't want to throw these puff balls
around like a sissy boy I'm gonna get
you whatever them yeah grab your fucking
head I want Gore to spill out of their
fucking stomach after I hack them with
my axe or you know you I got you I got
you I'm safe and far away
according to the the trailer for the
blood-borne DLC uh-huh one of your new
weapons is basically a rotary saw blade
attached to a stick so you can just
fucking dismember people with a saw
blade attached to a stick it looked
awesome oh and we mentioned about
sorceress is too fun to redo the
character I think there's value in my
being displeased don't kick the leg no
don't kick the ladder down you're in the
trees bitch you're in the trees your
endeavour forest the forest of the
ancients it Oh who's that guy
you should probably kill hope there's a
statue okay
the statue blocks your way he's an
ancient warrior rich you must perform
that the magical ceremony of town
release the town's free the salt you've
managed to make obi-wan son was here you
must use the Force uh let me sprinkle
this powder function on everything Oh
fucking fucking wizards
you know I was I ate doughnuts I was
thinking about an end-of-the-year prereq
APUs owed obviously our next episode
which I'm hoping we can get out sometime
next month is the steam controller we
need a ton of time with it to give it
its proper do something I want to film
with it this week I do want to film
something with it yeah yeah which has a
really good idea a good compare contrast
with it but as far as an end-of-the-year
thing I think something that I want to
try is I want to look back in all of the
episodes and take a shit I want to go
back in all the episodes and find all of
the rich Evans predictions and make an
end-of-the-year episode called rich
Evans is right all the time and and will
just you know cut to all of the
predictions he made about games or about
upcoming shit and see how right he was
all right
I like that idea you like that idea for
example all of the horror end is Batman
Arkham Knight DLC the spot on the nose
spot on the nose with all that rich how
many other predictions that I made did I
make enough predictions for that to be a
thing oh I have no idea that was it was
just something I was thinking of so I
knew I need to rewatch a bunch of old
episodes thing he's got a giant nutsack
oh my god you know I love their monster
design so much
oh we're gonna move that pathetic heavy
attack
welcome wizards fucking wizards I wanna
I just want to like talk to the people
who are in charge of making all the
monsters in the game and just be like
what's going on you're fucked up head
dude let's have a chat and then like
well we took this guy and we made a
stomach real big kind of looks like a
nutsack pretty cool no one's got a staff
or something he's he's a wizard nutsack
he's a nut sack wizard rich he's a nut
sack wizard his show swings with me nut
sacks
Dannan dan dan that and it look at his
weapon he's like hitting you with a club
made out of human skeletons look at that
he sure shoves me sacré I wish I knew
more of that song our Millah 3 what's
going on is we're playing Dark Soul 2
until J is done with very important
business when J comes were giving away
hair or movies we don't have a face cam
because I'm streaming from my laptop
because rich couldn't bring you some
computer and later we'll have the face
cam on when we give away the hair or
movies that's all the update we have and
we're singing songs based on nut sacs
and classic who medleys
yes classic Harry movies
classic horror movies
all right so what do I need to do about
the statue like I said something that I
completely ignored him because I didn't
care what he was saying and now I'm lost
and so that was probably a mistake
there's a glowy thing over there we're
on a track keep going that way
right right thank you
yeah you got the glowy thing Kasbah this
game does look fine blessing game does
look beautiful and already I'm very
happy with the monster design already
we're getting grotesqueness in the
monsters yeah like it's alright why dad
it's fine that's what I like I like
grotesque missing my monsters time over
how long do torches usually lasts five
errantly five minutes in real life is
that too much to ask like a real torch
yeah like a real torch I don't know what
a torch is made out of like what's
usually wood yes sure short wood and
there's something wrapped around the
wood to make sure you don't burn your
fucking hand right it was just something
wrapped around the wood to give you more
to burn sure it's really like an oil
soaked cloth sure you know I guess
depending on the wood my guess is around
five minutes before it's in there
fucking useless and who would ever
bother with a torch
I think explore this cave for five
minutes when you find you then you use
your next torch I am I have no one look
into this everyone keep trying to tell
us one blood stream
what janitor everyone someone said Oh
bonfire right past it
I'm internally hurting there's a bonfire
a save state uh yeah well I had been
through much that was difficult
well he's got to get here again yeah
they're saying a real torture last like
15 minutes unless you did weird stuff to
it like what kind of weird stuff what
kind of weird stuff are you doing -
torchic man don't underestimate the
common sex pervert or the up comments or
the uncommon sex yeah my fetish my face
is torches I like I belong I think the
uncommon sex pervert would just be
somebody who likes normal sex
wait but right right right right right
is that it there you go that's it
they're not lanterns their swords in the
ground it's an abnormal pervert is just
a normal person oh I suppose pervert
already denotes some sort of abnormality
yes it's a double negative Oh
rich you're wise beyond your years when
it when it comes to people's perversions
you are very wise you know oh yeah yeah
I'm an expert
lol lol lol you guys missed the heal
flask Oh No Rachel oh no in this game
that I'm taking super seriously right
now I missed the hill plus people hate
being the people are used to when when
when normal streamer stream games yeah I
think generally they're trying to win
the game I think that's what V V people
normally do in the game so we can't
blame viewers for assuming that I'm
assuming this like a 40-hour game we're
not beating it tonight that's just not
happening we're 100% in Dark Souls 2
tonight I guarantee it
we've got like an hour time to fuck
around and poke some trolls in the bud
right I won't use met he is he died out
of magic or something oh this is fucker
even have limited magic on top of all
those other drawbacks or is it a
two-handed weapon news thing you got
your torch now yep yep he's no useless
is now useless I hate I hate the fucking
sorcerer I fucking hate him I fucking
hate him you should have known better
rich I should have you should have I
should have this is no one this is no
one's fault but your own
you need to sit at the bonfire to
recharge you might need just receiving
you know rest him on fire would you
change your blonde probably your magic
there's my magic meter
they also have that fist I have to
remember how to play this game you got a
dagger man we got the dagger man it will
be terrible
oh that's not how you do things oh I
saved a screenshot does that help
no shit damn it we stopped here to use
wasting a heel Jack oh fuck oh my god
you did it twice so you wasted a heel
Jack wasted a heel
I need to change weapons we could go to
the inventory try head and try and start
I tried that I got this or select no
because there's no select button there's
a share button that's what I hit before
oh my god don't hit the big window oh
yeah the big oh yeah the big window okay
of course
oh equipment there we go
we have a dagger
what up shit that didn't do anything I
mean I'm learning how to equip stuff
oh the dagger is a right handed right
yes okay yeah we can stagger hey you
have it have cooked on those weights
right hand woman they're both there the
dagger and the staff are both the
right-hander weapon oh well staff I mean
in spite of my natural dislike of of
magic yeah I think that would be the
better weapon does he have range oh yeah
absolutely
talk to the girl but the tree next to
the cliff she gives you the flask that
will regenerate add bonfire fires okay
there's a girl you got to talk to me
talk to this guy just press right on the
d-pad I think that's the weapon switch
yeah oh yeah it's been it's been a while
since I've played more so I was
wondering how to get into the inventory
menu but it's the it's the touchpad but
it just kinda does business I don't
think the problem is the game not
telling me what to do I think the
problem is I'm in all honesty I'm not
saying you get super seriously right now
right and then therefore you're not
really paying it so you're not getting
immersed in the world I'm here to talk
talking goof radish how dare you how
dare you talking goof around a shit man
is a tree
you can hold the staff in your left hand
to use magic and stabbing whoo I like
magic and stabbing are you okay with
wizards and sorcerers I mean I have no
strong allegiance Oh
oh look at this we can equip the dagger
in the left at hand weapons well I oh
you fucked up
I get why memory learning there we go
now okay now we're ready to rock that is
a lady by a tree by a cliff bye yeah
everything's a cliff oh there's a lady
I found a lady hey I found a lady hey
lady if she's neat looking yeah cloaks
I got nothing against no cloaks much
much like magic people I'm kind of
indifferent towards clothes yeah you put
me in a fantasy setting yeah you give me
a choice of class yeah beef or a warrior
yeah yeah okay
I'm usually a like dwarf or barbarian
kind of person I don't I love I loved
like the brush look goofy and I don't
let go I love I will Bart you in a
barbarian I want brute slow strength I
want to pummel my opponent oh I prefer
finesse fighting right but I like
pummeling okay we got a shit we got a
thing
we got a shit thing I'm gonna rest at
the bonfire
a tune and it spells oh come on dagger
goes in your right hand
you aren't linked damn it does it matter
it doesn't do different attacks do you
have two dollars I have who do I have to
that oh I could double dagger oh wait
but then you have no no shit then we
lose the magic huh do they do different
texts I'm just curious
okay so light and light and strong and
strong so no okay so that's kind of neat
right
it's up to you if you want that of a
staff you know it's weird you are you
are the fucking sorcerer and it seems
like a waste well I can always come back
to this down yeah you know it's very
strange
is so you know we've been playing around
with this steam controller yeah and I
think it might have cured me from my
inverted y-axis really just in the head
now that being inverted I felt we're
doing huh huh
you know because it works more like the
the d-pad works more or the touchpad
works more like a mouse yeah this
definitely feels more natural non
inversion
my decibels talk more about the steam
controller at some other time yeah yeah
not
not to at the moment but yeah we will
talk more about the steam controller and
obviously that's not that's not
something where where we can even like
rush through well was it officially come
out we got time on that yeah no and
that's on November sometime in November
it's November not December we I mean we
still obviously have time but that's
something that I really want to be very
comfortable with before before I give
like an official summation yeah we're
playing at a ps4 right now we're playing
this on the ps4
and it's just been a while since I've
played any of these games I'm little bit
rusty is this life no we're dead spooky
spooky we've been dead the whole time
not that we could do it tonight anyway
I'm just curious is there any is there
any specific game you guys would like to
see played with a steam controller did
you fell off a thing those bastards they
had a glowy thing and so I thought it
was okay to go in the water just like a
lemon just like a living absolutely no
difference no they had a glowy thing yep
yep you saw this the shiny ball hole in
you I write off the club hip right off
the cliff right right off it rich a
serious FPS what what would you define
is a serious FPS good you know what rich
that's a fair question
I like quite to a serious FPS you
probably consider it like like
Battlefront or something I have been
playing nothing but tf2 with a
controller to hone my first-person
shooting skills I like your idea by the
way of the motion controls I haven't
actually I'll just try that out
but I'm looking forward to utilizing
motion controls with the steam
controller to see if it's a and it makes
aiming any more accurate retro
platformers that's a technical
suggestion we there's gonna be no
difference d-pad needs some tester but
you don't need to use it you can use the
joystick that's almost like it's almost
irrelevant make junk in this game I
forget what about fighting game sure
once whatever that a glowingly figures
XCOM can you try it with XCOM we could
try it with ours no oh that's not a bad
idea that's a game you know very well
I think that's important with the
gunpoint sam and max putting quicks not
a bad idea to test cuz it's kind of
thing like some of the older point and
quicks that weren't designed for a
controller interesting to see what the
steam controller would feel like man yes
made it to the forest of the fallen
Giants fuck you man I would plan to play
doom and quake with the steam much I
already you know I have at home is there
a shooter anybody can think of that
keeps track of like accuracy not just
not just like head shots but just the
amount of hits to misses
that's what we need well I guess you
know just like how quickly you can I
guess I can tell them my plan for what
to do with the steam controller yeah I
want to take a series of different types
of games definitely want to get an FPS
in there maybe maybe even two FPS is
because that's a big deal to me with the
steam controller and then I want both me
and Jack to play through the same
section of the game with the steam
controller xbox controller and a
keyboard and mouse and just to see how
we how these how these things comparing
the trash Jack is a controller person
and then you know you would get his
compare and contrast with a steam
controller and a regular controller and
a keyboard mouse and then me is somebody
who is a keyboard and mouse guy even my
perspective and to see if like the steam
controller is better for one of us than
the other and just to see how it stacks
up very don't regular keno
so I'm really looking for an FPS that'll
keep track of accuracy so once we play
through we can actually have a number we
can look at like okay well we played
through the steam controller and my
accuracy was like 75% but when I played
through the mouse key by Magus it was 92
87 % mm-hmm regular controller was 50
yeah I want that kind of thing
and this can't be a multiplayer only
things we need to play through the same
section of the game yet multiplayer and
other people in different skill levels
there's too many variables agreed
there's gonna be a single-player game
that'll keep track of accuracy right in
the head put an arrow right in my
fucking head left for dead gives you
accuracy stuff but left for dead also
randomizes el zombie placement it has
the never mind that director right yeah
roll away roll away that's a terrible
idea because it mostly depends how you
are to the controller now I'm gonna go
on record as saying that if you're used
to a mouse a keyboard it's definitively
superior but I'm like a mouse keyboard
guy and Jack is a controller guy so you
get two different perspectives there
well and and rich and I are working now
to familiarize ourselves with the steam
controller just in general yeah so
hopefully by the time we conduct the
test we will be prepared Metal Gear
Solid 5 tracks accuracy yeah but I don't
know that's a lot of what a stealth
involved
I guess if you just disregarded stuff
and tried to shoot your way through a
level sure
sure
here's instant action levels keep track
of accuracy or normally about five or
ten minutes long okay okay
fear fear f.e.a.r f.e.a.r okay that's
not bad
by the last round of a test one should
be too familiar with a section of higher
accuracy would be well yeah I would plan
on giving the whatever we did first
another shot just to make up for that
it doesn't matter if fear is you know as
excellent I mean this isn't I'm not
concerned about what would make for a
good stream I'm just concerned about
what would make for a good the steam
controller test when we film little bits
for that episode how did your face
change how did your face change you have
a different head do i your hairs all
fucked up that just could be because
I've died a lot no rich put him on tie
fighter doesn't that measure accuracy
yes I believe it does but I mean I'm
going to do a whole bunch of different
games so I need a good first person yeah
I think just cuz I fucked up
I don't think fear has 360 support okay
what about a game with snipers or a
similar weapon where precision is
important well the game with snipers
precision is important but not enough
speed so much I don't think so I don't I
don't know that you would notice as
great a improvement in accuracy yeah it
needs to be a little I think the time
you can take when you're sniping someone
from a distance would kind of cancel out
like the need for the speed and accuracy
of a mouse I don't know I mean I'm
thinking like some kind of fast paced
shooter would be a great test
fuck you
still not a hundred percent used to
non-inverted controls every once in a
while I get a little fucked up be
curious to see how the Arkham games and
Ferris steam controller okay cuz I was I
was thinking about this the other day
and I know Grand Theft Auto 5 has the
ammunation shooting range mmm which
seems perfect but I don't I have it for
the PlayStation 3 and through magic I
have it on the PlayStation 4 but it
would be 50 bucks to buy on Steam just
for this test sure through magic yep
they're just magic nothing else
I don't want to deal with you I don't
want to deal with you sword and shield
guy what the fuck
Resident Evil 4 tracks accuracy
statistics okay then a lot of people
saying they want to see how FTL would
play with the controller I think we I
just planned on doing that anyway
now someone's throwing bombs at me now
someone is throwing bombs at me I I have
not tried XCOM with the steam controller
I am largely concerned with the steam
controller playing shooters so that's
that's been my focus and I got to admit
like the first few days was just trying
to find some kind of like track pad
settings that I was comfortable with and
I'll say this No and something they
could fix with some kind of software
update I assume but resetting up the
controller your control scheme for every
single individual game is a gigantic
fucking pain in the ass especially if
you typically don't use the default
control in games like I don't use WASD I
use the number pad so if I buy a new
game not only would I have to change the
the keys in the game to the number pad
yeah then I'd also have to set up the
controller individually because the
patroller wants to default to WASD yeah
but shouldn't you be able to just save
it doesn't it it wants to save it for
individual games
I've tried loading maybe it just cuz I'm
trying to do an older game you didn't
like older games I don't know but the
the only presets it wants me to load are
the the pre-established ones or the
community voted ones I think that you
just haven't figured out how to load
your preset yet I've saved my presets
and it seems to only want to save it for
that individual
what what no WASD madness no yeah you
know it's yeah complete otter madness
look the number pad the advantage that
not not not not the arrow keys but the
number pad the advantage of the number
pad is every button on that number pad
isn't arranged in a nice even grid I
can't fucking stand for one that kind of
cramped claw shape
I got a do for WASD and for another
thing
the keys are kind of like the cues not
that lined up with the a that's all
messed up I like the nice evenly
distributed number pad grid plus I I've
bought like they sell separate number
pads you could buy I think it's meant
for like accountants but I have bought
one and then I just don't need the whole
fucking keyboard that I'm not using in
my way if I'm playing it sure I just got
the fucking number pad I got my mouse
that seems to make a lot of sense rich
yeah now my right hand is on a separate
number pad that I have bought because I
don't have the rest of the keyboard in
my way I just have a separate individual
own number pad that I have bought
why is what makes that autistic chat
we're saying that's autistic and he
explained to me how that's autistic yeah
it's perfectly logical it's it's because
they you know it's because they use WASD
and they never thought about a better
way and so they're making fun of you
because you thought of a better way I'm
not even calling it a better way I'm
just my way and it's fine it works well
for me and it makes nothing but sense to
me like that was always that was one of
my problems that's that is one of my
problems with keyboard and mouse in
general is getting is having the muscle
memory to remember where the keys are it
would be much easier if I had never been
and guess Chad I know you're supposed to
use your your index finger for the W and
the s that I can't get used to that
that's just too weird that's just way
too weird for me
no I want to other stuff in here
yes middle finger tight index finger
whatever
another on me because I said the index
finger for the W and the S one it's the
middle finger I know this I just said it
wrong but you said it wrong right that
was a problem I know I know everyone's
correcting me like I actually would try
to use my index finger for the W and the
egg with nothing on the deep I know I
don't know I don't know I don't know
either rich I'm gonna go in this fog and
see what happens wait was there wasn't a
sword over here anyway I don't want to
go in the mist yet I don't feel like I'm
prepared for the mist yet
oh look if you're if you're a fan of PC
you should never shit on somebody for
liking a customized control scheme I
mean that's that's your major advantage
with a PC gaming you can you can
customize this shit to how you want it
anybody who's a fan of PC gaming should
be in favor of customizing and being
able to do it your own way
that's kind of part of it if you're
gonna belittle somebody not that you're
really belittling me but you're gonna be
an asshole the fuck is wrong with you
I'm sure many things are wrong with that
right many

[Part II]
see
can you jump in this game I forget
do you know if you can jump
what for daddy jump rich we're not we're
not shitting on you we're just making
you feel like an outcast like Kimber's
always do to each other if we have
different opinions as normal not yes
it's very true how do you jump again do
you remember
while running push the left stick to
jump yeah what's left stick to jump what
l-3 while running is to jump oh I mean I
guess he rarely ever have to jump I hate
I hate using that l3 for anything right
anything important related yeah yeah
anytime they want me to use l3 to run
fuck that shit
fuck that shit to death we got the soul
of the nameless so cherish
you can go into the settings and change
the jump controls right now l3 is jump
it's disgusting change it back to dodge
so you can change that
oh no I like dodge being circle injects
fine with dodge being circle I can't I
can't imagine I'm going to have to jump
too often
okay okay oh I got I got a new sortie I
got a new sortie sword
a short sword
they will both be the same function but
okay but I'm not sure the dodging jump
would be the same if you change that I'm
not sure what that means
I don't know I like Dodge being circle
like that because that's where my thumb
remembers it I let's see if there's a
bag over here
could be a bad guy
why don't you play games the way I play
games rich a fair question fair
what's my typical layout for keyboard
and mouse games well the the I have the
number pad and you know the keys that
have the up-down left-right you know
those are my my movement keys hmm the
number pad nine is usually if it's like
a basic shooter like like an old-school
doom now I'll be my shotgun five will be
my chain gun and the seven one and three
are other weapons enter is usually dodge
and the plus key is like like using
things I do have a a gaming mouse with
like four buttons on the left hand side
of the mouse for my thumb that's usually
stuff like like jumping and reloading
I mean it depends upon what game I'm
playing I mean if Bob something like
like fee for your you don't really need
to this is everything like an aim mode
I'll have the the right mouse be like
opening doors and and whatnot grabbing
things yes but none mouse reload I got a
button right by my thumb I hit that
reloads
sounds fine what's important is having
things right up close it's silly to say
using keys like effigy for actions is
somehow superior to plus and minus
I never said anything I do is superior I
think that's all you said rich that's
all they've heard all they've heard
yeah sorry I haven't been talking I've
been enjoying the game buckler I got the
buckler
I was agreeing though but what am I
gonna say about it was a snap Abby as
we've discussed many times it's
sometimes hard to distinguish my helmet
is sometimes hard to distinguish
flughhhh infra Mugen you know who Perry
strikes oh I can't use Perry strikes yet
I present attributes don't include Perry
strengths
fine I just figured out what keeps count
of my glowy wand a rose yeah yeah
what does see the top thing soul arrow
oh okay so I have 15 of them if I change
to my shield look the blue thing is you
a conquistador ish there we go
Spanish conquistadors Spanish
Inquisition keister doors
they killed a Native Americans
okay the Inquisition yeah killed
everybody else that's the difference
okay no you know what that's really good
to know kill everybody else don't go
down there's a glowy thing oh there's a
couple glowy thing oh there's a whole
glowy village down there there's a door
over here rich oh my god I like these
games am I going to stream on Saturday
why what's going on Saturday no that
wasn't my plan but what's going on in
Saturday what is yeah what is Saturday
why would that be a special thing I have
specific what is what is Thanksgiving I
mean uh Thanksgiving how about me what
is Halloween
saturday Saturday I don't know if that's
the day that's when trick-or-treating is
Oh
oh I'll buy something from you creepy
person okay no I'm not planning on
streaming Halloween are you planning on
streaming Halloween fuck man I'm goin to
katroo oh that's right you have two
children
yeah I'll be too busy watching Evil Dead
ash versus the Evil Dead that's oh my
god fuck yeah am i right
you figured out a place to watch that
yeah oh yeah I got cable didn't you bet
oh yeah cable just for that I got I mean
Lisa was kind of Lisa was kind of on the
fence about okay well and I pushed her
right over I was like yeah that's a
really good idea we do we should get
cable yeah just because I took this ad
that's cute that's cute
I'll share with everyone later I'm gonna
take better pictures of my of my
Halloween oh they already ordered the
second season
nice yeah yeah and then you know that
makes sense considering the insane
amount of love for the franchise
now's this Agadir must unless the show
sucks III understand the first four
minutes have been leaked and people are
saying it's amazing oh well sure I've
avoided it I don't want to see it till I
see the show our attributes suck so
here's something I remember from from
blood-borne is to see how we have a red
nine down there that means we can't use
the weapon
I want these they're like they're like
brass knuckles yeah wizard we're a new
bit of wizard our weapon using stance or
shit here's a new who a heel magic
Deeley I could be good oh we can't use
that yeah do something like you Kevin
five is out
oh yeah yeah oh great
are you are you at all concerned if
Donald Trump becomes president he won't
become president doesn't it's moot
here's question do you think you will
get the GOP nog no no oh yeah I have I
didn't think so either I far too much
faith in people and ben Carson is
already coming up ahead of the polls and
people are done talking about the joke
the Donald Trump joke is over and
everyone had a great laugh and we should
all be really happy for ourselves yeah
but yeah it's over now so let's say
let's say some magic happens sure and he
gets the GOP not sure what do you think
the odds are of him getting in no no no
I mean pulling right now shows him
barely no no not even it shows him just
behind the Democratic second runner what
what what if it were Donald Trump
yeah and Bernie Sanders no those are the
two week streams we agree on that yeah
yes out of all the all of the major
runners those at extreme out of those
two extremes yeah if it were that with a
race where do you think the moderates go
I think they go Bernie yeah absolutely
absolutely yeah because Trump is Trump
has a platform of spouting nonsense in
hopes of getting more television
coverage which it's been working yes
yeah if it's Trump versus Hillary I
actually think that's a closer race I
think Hillary scares away a lot of
Democrats yeah the African Hillary would
attract the moderates no no cuz because
sander sanders is is called what is his
nickname on Capitol Hill is the
amendment King he is known for crossing
party lines to get she had done come and
so I think Democrats would be scared or
is what I'm saying I'm more scared we're
not we're not talking about our personal
opinion on these candidates right now I
think this conversation is purely just
who we think would win absolutely this
is not to be taken as support for any
particular candidate yeah oh no no and
and you know what we wouldn't do that
this is a video game show yeah we're not
here to talk politics
I mean obviously politics is part like
we're gonna talk about we're talking
about it but in a purely clinical matter
hi didn't think so I believe so so not
politic yeah no okay well sorry all
right fine when the politic time how
about my goofy way of playing video
games we talked about that I use all the
wrong keys look I'm using the wrong keys
now oh my god rich I use a knife from a
shotgun button instead of the three oh
my god you crazy dog you crazy dog you
doggin up in this dog
how the fuck do you know what button
your thumb is hitting when you use WASD
I mean just all over the place nothing
makes sense you understand that's my
constant problem with mouse and keyboard
controls use the number pad use the
number pad champion grid the only thing
I can reliably know I'm hitting the
right key on that's not WASD is that the
spacebar yeah
fuck wait wait so you don't you only use
the thumb for space book what keys do
you use for for anything you've got like
five keys you can use that way you got
like the Q and the E are like the only
other keys maybe maybe like the F and
they are are not too inconvenient and
confusing hmm I use the number pad other
than the direction keys
I've got easily findable reliable usable
keys I've got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 like
12 different keys I could bind to
fucking whatever ZZ xcv yeah you just
told me it don't use the thumb for
anything but spacebar though somebody I
mean not everybody have you my problem
with ZX CVB just with your thumb how do
you keep track of which one you're
hitting how do you not constantly hit
the wrong key that's a fair question how
do you how do you know I mean it's so
weird to be the answer
forgot about that fucking guy my soul
all right a lot of people are saying
they use the ZX CV and however the
number of people that said they just use
space with their thumb I guess there
might be a minority I don't know sure
rich you don't play the piano do you I
can barely tie my shoes
jumpy plant for me then it must be a
good thing dude no one uses the thumb
for those keys then you're taking your
fingers off of the movement keys
my thumb can hit the insert the delete
the enter the the but my way is wrong
didn't you know that already right I
know I know
oh oh shit oh fuck you guy does that
mean I can't get that glowy thing
fucking gay and that's why a joystick is
better for movement yeah but the problem
is in a shooter who gives a fuck about
movement the important thing is aiming
that mouse makes up for the the minor
advantage game pads have and just
directional movement yes and you know
I've had oh you know what I keep
forgetting to bring that before you like
if I ran a baseball team and I read I a
North Korean baseball team and if I
didn't win the championship
Kim Kim Young Kim Jong on on what would
hit will have my family executed okay I
have every position filled except for
pitcher okay okay this this analogy is
becoming strained but I like it
and I got I got two people up for the
job yeah I got Kelly Kelly Brock
everyone just calls her mouth that's her
nickname she's got some fantastic arm
control she's got an amazing fastball
and she almost she almost never throws
the ball out of the strike zone she's
that curve ball she's got sliders
amazing pitcher she's got a genetic like
like like need effect though oh so she
she can run to the side like really
quick and forward and back just fine but
she doesn't really do like subtle motion
she can only either sprint or walk wait
a minute yeah I'm okay and then done the
other person uh-huh it was up for my
picture position you know is is uh
Connie Connie yeah okay so Kelly Bracken
County Kelly Kelly Kelly Rogers going
mouse okay and Pawnee Connie troller
oh I get it yeah okay uh she her feet
are fine you know she can do subtle
running and fast running in any
direction very easily but share our arms
a little bit clumsier you know she
misses she misses the strike zone
sometimes or fast balls not all that
grade who do you hire to be your pitcher
and the North Korean baseball team but
you have to win a championship or your
family will be executed the minor
movement advantage each other has is
useless absolutely useless
I know that was the longest most run
about but a argument you've ever heard
that's why I did it I thought it was
music yeah that was so yes aim is more
important in shooters and shooters aim
is more important than moving event
movement I don't think I got anything
good down there I don't think I'm going
down there it's knocked
rich would you buy a wiimote style
accessory in place if your keypad if I
thought it had enough buttons yes cuz
they they do have something like that in
my in my forever search of a better way
to play Team Fortress 2 because that's
of course really the only reason I care
about accuracy and
in first-person shooters I bought what
was it called it has the dumbest name
I'm almost embarrassed it's like it's
called like the frag shark the frag
shark okay I forget I preferred this
exact name but it is it's a mouse with a
nunchuck like we you know we mote
nunchuck like d-pad controller and
unfortunately the mouse was kind of crap
yeah and really hard to use but the
nunchuck it was I was on wireless and
the nunchuck worked great it had like
three buttons on it
mhm so you know nunchuck in three but
not bad not great but not bad the mouse
was really shit down like it was the
mouse was giant and so like it was
really unwieldy to move but like even
the mouse had like buttons on it and
stuff it was a whole bunch of not bad
but not great something something that
would you would need something is kind
of like kind of like a joystick and a
keyboard like like a pad you put your
hand on flat pad yeah bunch of keys by
your fingers like like eight keys voice
your fingers couple by your thumb and
then the whole pad your hand is on would
move like a joystick would something
like that give that work if you just
moving your whole hand around move your
hand would literally need to be like
strapped to it yeah and then that that's
a whole different load of shit I think
the the subtle movements when walking
around are not worth the headache of
learning
the control scheme right
they've made that rich they're fucking
awful okay
oh they have it was a thought I'm
surprised that they have made that well
I guess they've made all sorts of
peripherals
now I'll change my controlling methods
if I think they're better
oh sure everyone's looking for a better
way to to play games easier way blogger
Tech has a control oh man
that would be that would be so shit
that would be so shit was just a thought
that's something I like tested
extensively you know you know what I
tried one time to free up a couple
buttons I bought a cheap ass USB foot
pedal oh yeah and it had three pedals on
it yep
and so my thought was if I could free up
you know a couple buttons right yeah
then I would never have to take my thumb
off of the aiming stick yeah cuz you
know like the way most first-person
shooters I have to take your thumb off
the aiming stick to jump right and then
for me playing is something like a scout
in tf2 we'd have to jump all the time so
I tried to remap a couple of the buttons
like jump and Crouch - foot pedals oh
man my brain nearly exploded oh it did
my brain did not feel good well maybe I
didn't give it enough time maybe I
didn't
which do you like CDs or tapes better I
don't listen to enough music for that to
be a relevant question streaming music
is fine and YouTube music is fine
YouTube music vivo or whatever they call
it I don't I don't listen to much music
sure I'm more likely to listen to like
just some kind of YouTube interesting
science thing well I'm doing something
else than I am to listen to music oh I I
like like like like a Vsauce playlist or
a sideshow sure sure yeah digital music
is where it's at you have we talked
about this have you heard that Chiara
song what is the Kiera ki I a RA Chiara
what is a Chiara she's a singer producer
okay and she has this song called um I
gotta forget it now
it's called fire dove it's so good okay
yeah I this means nothing but bases so
so what she does is she sings like the
the verses right and then in order to
make the chorus she cuts up her own
verse and and like samples it to make
the chorus okay it's it's really awesome
by fuck you when did you when did you
get here
Chiara what's it called someone tell me
what it's called it's great happy surfer
dude it's great but I do enjoy girly pop
music possibly more than most you right
wake up yeah it's not so fine
yay fuckwit nope I'm not gonna fall for
that
Oh Debra your thoughts on YouTube red
YouTube red for those are doing what are
the details I don't even know all the
details I've heard a little bit about
this YouTube bread is a way to pay for
an ad-free YouTube okay are any channels
going to be pay exclusive I believe you
can be pay exclusive you don't have to
be because if it means I stopped getting
WatchMojo wasn't recommended channel
I'll be happy
nice
but in general like I kind of hate that
it seems like it seems like a weird idea
it seems like the a and opening of we an
opening in a weakness in YouTube because
if they start going too much in a paid
direction people will look for a new
free thing yep and that will that will
take over yep people do like free things
and apparently rumor has it that so
they're they're giving much like Apple
music or Spotify they're giving free
trials like a free three month trial of
YouTube bread but during that time they
won't be paying contributors and that
was a big deal for Apple music and apple
music decided to reverse that strategy
and pay artists during the free trial
month so everyone's hoping that YouTube
read it does the same
is locked
for prime magician says I'm subscribed
to watch mojo and I fucking despise all
of their content well well maybe you can
unsubscribe I'm trying to tell you what
to do here man
google recently made a statement saying
they will pay contributors during free
trial period oh great so they did
reverse their stance on that that's I
think that's good that it's good and
appropriate no reason for creators to be
penalized because YouTube is trying
something new so yeah you know the idea
is it's they're trying to create a
better YouTube experience and a more
consistent YouTube experience but you
don't you don't get ads but you don't
get ads what about people like us then
well what would happen is you know
people who aren't in YouTube red yep
would still watch the ads but the people
who aren't YouTube red that watch
ourself then we get a cut of YouTube red
not of YouTube red would that hurt or
not is the question like what is the guy
so here's where it's probably crap but
no less crap than ad revenue kind of for
people who don't know YouTube ad revenue
is crap here's here's what I'm going to
say I'm not at all an insider okay
that's what I will stay but I make ads I
make commercials right yeah that is part
of how I earn a living so I'm just
speaking from my experience in that the
the ad driven system is crumbling the
the way in which people sell ads is not
working what's not working specifically
there's too many ad revenue there's too
many ad revenues there's too many places
to run ads it's too hard to track
effectiveness of ads okay and so
advertisers are
less and wanting more and that means
content creators are getting less and
getting less and getting less it's the
important part no other way to no other
way to say it here hey can I use my
sword now did I level up okay no wait I
am using my sword though
so what is what is the proper solution
so if you know if you think about like
ad revenue in the same way you think
about inflation right yeah where
eventually like you know nowadays it
costs 17 bucks to go see a movie whereas
back in the day a cost a nickel
yeah it's the same it's the same idea
with ad revenue right now there's so
many ads and there's so many revenues to
see ads ads have started to become not
effective okay
and so products you know so no one's
gonna pay for ads so no one's gonna pay
content providers to run ads in if this
all makes sense so we need a better way
to provide money to content creators so
you look at stuff like YouTube red it's
not it's not fun but or patreon or
patron exactly giving money directly to
the creators that is oh that guy
shooting arrows at me I don't want to
fight this guy can you can you magic him
would you imagine me that might be my
shit tonight I'm still in this menu
ads have never been affected says it's
filled up when I missed you so bad yeah
tell that the coca-cola here's here
ready for ready for some truth ready for
a ready for a solid analogy got a
standard television versus cable
television back in the day we had
standard television advertisement works
great because everybody watched it yeah
cable television came along and there
are more places for advertisers to run
but there was also more creativity
amongst cable shows cable became wildly
popular because they weren't beholden to
the same rules that standard television
yeah was beholden to but but the whole
initial premise behind cable television
is you pay for it you don't get ads am I
wrong in that you might be wrong in that
well you might be wrong in that bond
because you paid for cable we got a
wider variety of shows with better
budgets hmm big height didn't because I
don't have you don't have cable right
it's not worth the 50 bucks a month that
one show right okay I like this way
better
right so I'm losing out but but see this
is so more of the story is things like
patreon things like YouTube bread our I
think in the long run good because they
get it's it's a way to get away from fun
it's a way to get away from the ad
system which I do believe will eat
itself eventually and that is you know
like I said not an insider but coming
from someone who makes advertising I can
see the end someone who makes
advertisements and who makes content are
there ads in the future of space yes yes
there are and here's the thing there
will always be ads always still trying
to figure out like how you how you get
the magic stab
Kandee smack says i'm sleeping and
missed all the fun
oh oh you just you just missed the Chad
keyboard shaming me that's all you
missed there was some massive keyboard
shaming yep
massive WASD shaming
chant explain to me how I had an idea Oh
gun gun explain to me how I do the mega
back Sam Jack needs to know how to do
the mega back spat back backstab before
before we get off of ads and space cob
yeah I I had an idea for Space Camp that
wouldn't work because we would need
permission to use a famous logo but I
wanted there to be a giant billboard in
space for like McDonald's or some kind
of big brand huh
that would just be like lit up and you
would see it in the sky like 24 hours a
day like blocking out part of the moon
it's a joke that would only really work
if you could use like a famous brand
like coca-cola or McDonald's or
something like that yeah that will that
will not be in the movie only if it was
immediately recognizable that it was an
advertiser yes otherwise it just wins
all right
the loop Oman a lot of magic potion
now fuck we are playing this game on a
ps4 this is true
we are playing this game on a ps4 we are
playing this game until we do our super
spooky hair movie giveaway which will
happen sometime tonight
when will our LM by DreamWorks in
negative every years which I don't know
what that means but probably never what
is the worst game you have ever finished
that's an odd question that's an
interesting question this is like
terrible games you just don't finish or
just came close to finishing or like
what's the worst case she just kept plan
finished finished finished finished yeah
I'm not a super big this probably gonna
be an unpopular one in the chat but I've
never been a huge jak and daxter fan and
I finished jak and daxter first one the
the courser legacy I think sure so
there's that I just still wouldn't call
it a bad game but for a bad game I
probably never would have finished it
I'm just not super fond of it sure in
isolation yeah yeah oh wait
Mass Effect 3 Mass Effect 3 oh the order
1886 yeah but it's almost a cheat
because it was part of the you know the
review yeah yeah games that we have to
finish because the review don't
necessarily count
jesus H Christ yeah how do I do that
consistently no no loopy new
what what colored explosion did I choose
in in Mass Effect 3 I've read that was
yeah the ending cinematic is basically
the same they just changed the color of
the explosion that happens really yep
really really really oh that's kind of
fucked up
I chose red because fuck everybody at
that point
you play for a bit Oh getting a little
tight a little little tired she was up a
chair hey he's coming up when he's good
all right where are we at where are we
going what's what's the direction here
exactly when I'm looking at the chaton
oh oh oh you kid well there's gonna be a
guy behind you
okay well that was that was quick
so right when you wake up to the fire
you can go down that you can go down a
ladder or you can go out that way I seem
to get a little farther by going down
the ladder so maybe you want to do that
well no there I don't think there were
any I could kick his ass some of that
sure remember you can lock on with our
oh my god oh yeah they got a little
harder
they got a little harder why did you
hear the the Marvel FoxNews what lets us
in a move not really anyone cares about
Marvel has traded Fox for the rights to
the Fantastic Four what are the trade
they trade that they traded the movie
rights to Fantastic Four for the TV
rights for x-men oh okay that makes
sense yep
so now Fox has x-men for TV and Marvel
has Fantastic Four for movies just in
time to be useless other than as cameo
appearances in the movies I don't think
people are going to accept another
another Fantastic Four movie at this
point
oh not anytime soon not anytime soon but
they got him yeah I don't know what like
they would care so Marvel is essentially
just abandoned the x-men well they've
had to yeah they've had to abandon
mutants because another company copy
written copy Rotem where's this lighter
your elbow to your left it's not signed
no no it's in that pit right there okay
there's a couple fast and strong fuckers
down there but that seems to be the way
I made the most progress I never I never
thought the x-men really fit in the
Marvel Universe
anyway the x-men always seemed like they
needed their own universe because how do
you how do you reconcile fear and hatred
of mutants and then all the other
superheroes who have a slightly
different origin are completely
exhibited right I love Captain America
vyd Wolverine and go fucking son
I'm racist against these particular
people who are indistinguishable from
these other people never it never made
sense to me they needed their own
universe in my mind always you know I
guess I could be with that I guess I
could be with that like it made it made
sense specifically in the Captain
America sense because you know he was
America's mutant no one beats up my
little brother but me I like that
Captain Marvel she's strong and flies
around but I hate that rogue she's
strong and flies around good sushi too
yeah and you know I get like I said it
doesn't really matter because no one
cares about the Fantastic Four anymore
and I guess you know I guess people
still like the x-men but they got their
own movie thing now and this my blood
borne gun yes
the repost gun yeah yeah if you can get
behind them and I think if you can do if
you get behind them and the only way
I've been able to get it to work is by
two quick stabs on their back and then
you get the mega kill or just slash
slash slash now that guy behind he wakes
up that's up in front of you now behind
you now he wakes up
didn't road steal her powers from
Captain Rob yes that's why I used that
analogy they have the exact same powers
one of them is loved yes and one of them
is hated yep
wait this is just like the time you said
the unaltered Star Wars trilogies are
coming to blue earth they are that's
what they said that was announced well
what is just like that
oh the Fantastic Four thing what what is
just like this time the star what is it
I can't me assume that's what they're
talking about Fantastic Four hasn't this
was a major announcement oh it's a rumor
oh yeah it's still something to talk
about how about that still something to
talk about it's not like Marvel's gonna
do anything with the x-men TV rights
right it's not like Marvel's doing
anything with x-men at all anymore
anyway they've got their inhuman thing
now I just don't think the Fantastic
Four have much to offer the Marvel
Cinematic Universe because they've been
so damaged in the movies except his side
characters and other people's films sure
sure
who Jon Hamm is Rita Richards first of
all Jon Hamm as anything is great cuz
Jenna Hamm is great Clive Owen Clive
Owens I think is a little too he's a
little too rough
you know Clive Owen is like he's more
the thing Ben Reed Richards Jon Hamm is
Reed Richards though that would work
Reed Richards is not is not super strong
action man yeah I'm sorry I am suck get
there rich good good
I don't know what happened to me can you
get good for like not one second it's
utterly impossible
yeah you've been playing all this time
my brains been elsewhere yeah I didn't
really feel like gaming video I just
felt like goofing off and talking okay
really felt do you want me to play just
give me a break and then I'll play it I
don't I don't have I'm ready a fucking
movie giveaway me too I'm ready for me
to J's working I don't have the 3d s yet
I did order a 3ds for the capture card
over over a month ago we're getting on
two months and it still hasn't come back
game we need to take a break like before
we do movie giveaways we're gonna take a
break we're gonna we're gonna find some
so what we're doing for the horror movie
giveaway is we're gonna be playing the
kids media app trivia game and probably
a lot of people who didn't see that and
probably a lot of people didn't see that
we we we tested this out the other day
and I had a lot of fun with it so there
is a slightly conservative app called
the kids media app that gives you
descriptions of movies based on how
child friendly and Oh goddamn awful yes
I'm awful
you are on and so the app will tell you
it
what cuss words are in it it tells you
the violence level it tells you the
consumerism level it really does and it
tells you a bunch of stuff on whether or
not it's appropriate for children and I
think the app is hilarious and so what
we will be doing is picking random
movies from the app and trying to get
people to guess the movie based off of
the description from this slightly
conservative kids app and the winner
will will win a random movie from Jay's
personal collection you when your
continuous hit streak and I believe
they're all horror movies but these are
just random and they're all horror
movies these are movies that Jay wants
to clear off of the shelf
that's okay judge trying to face that
one rich just watched termina one and
two watch your commentary Terminator one
I pretty much agree with your opinions
on t2 if in t2 Arnold killed all the
bikers at the home can we scroll up so I
can actually read that basically if
Arnold had killed a bunch of people cuz
at the bar he's just he doesn't he
doesn't kill anybody in the movie how
thing human yeah he only harmed the
bikers before meeting up with John
Connor
would that have made him as a good guy
more palatable cuz I think I had a
complaint they watered down Arnold and
and teach him I thought it would've been
more interesting if he he did kill
people before John Connor instructed him
not to what I have like that more i I
don't like making him a good guy in the
first place I think is my problem
hmm when it comes down to t1 and versus
versus T - yeah I much prefer Kyle Reese
and the man versus machine motif man
versus merciless killing machine over
killing machine versus slightly more
efficient killing machine one of these
things I can get emotionally invested in
sure and the other one is just kind of
special effects in action without
without some kind of heart I can get
invested in so I don't know that it
would make much of a difference in my
love of T - mmhmm that's a really good
point by the by the way everyone I just
screamed fuck you because as I went as I
touched my computer to scroll the chat
so rich could read that I got an
electric shock oh yeah and it's like the
8th static shock that I've gotten from
that computer tonight and I know I was
upset at my computer not at you
I know that takes a while to get back
into the slope but rich I totally agree
with you on that like the the man versus
the unstoppable killing machine that's
what that's what I think people like
most about zombie flicks is it's less
about the zombies and more like this
unstoppable wave right it's just death
itself the inevitability of death that's
what people like about those types of
movies how do you fight something that
doesn't have a conscience
you know something dead how do you fight
death it's inevitable exactly exactly
you can kill 100 zombies there's a
million more behind them yeah you're not
going to win Oh
yep that's actually one of the hardest
things to get used to in from software
games is the triggers are all of the
fighting buttons usually you're used to
you know the button pad how come he
doesn't get up and so I killed this guy
unless I go up on this bridge well
that's the trigger
yep
my mark top yeah my laptop I keep I keep
shocking it I need to touch something
else in metal before it touch it I guess
I don't need to kill this guy but I just
want to get better at it
right
Thanks nice knowing you do need to go if
you've dropped if you decide to drop
down that way he'll follow you so yeah I
think I came from there yeah that's
where I came Oh cuz I gotta climb up
work my day yep
oh you just got a little sword he's not
gonna wreck it he's good practice I
don't have any I haven't paying
attention to playing hardly at all yeah
I have any of their attack patterns like
down like how many times he swings
that's all alien to me right sure sure
I think that's very important in this
game knowing when you safely attack nice
sometimes then there comes a little
pause before they do that third and
fourth it is he diners eat crabs is a
real hero even being oh man I'm I like
walking dead so much I'm in do it
if I wait you like the walking under me
you're just I'm just thinking about you
that season he didn't like the season 2
of The Walking Dead is is slow and bad
since even season 1 was starting to drag
a bit since season 2 I think I think the
show has gotten exponentially better see
it feels like the dodging is better in
blood-borne - that's just me I don't
know or maybe you're just used to it the
gun makes a shockingly big difference
you know you do and you do have your
magic shooter staff oh you have 29 soul
arrows so yeah now if you head to the
left left
oh no no like you're just sitting out
there oh that's kind of where I was
heading okay there's a spooky guy that
can wake up right there oh nice myst no
charge tech yeah
and that just that could be the weapon
or the fact that we're a magic guy
so walking that good oh you know what I
didn't find
very good and I'm sure you didn't want
this because you didn't care but I sure
as hell watched it is the Supergirl TV
show oh yeah I definitely don't care
yeah yeah no there's a big dude over
there yeah got a half deal the big dude
maybe oh those barrels blow up better
next year just let me know that's how I
died so Supergirl TV show I said this on
the Twitter's but I thought it was a hot
mess of a show oh really
yeah I miss other people seem to like it
oh and I was surprised so the question
is what is wrong with you you know that
many many things are here I think that
other people like it for two reasons one
because it is something that is better
than Man of Steel which of course is not
a hard feat to accomplish yep but a lot
of a lot of the positive things that I
was reading about it was like oh this
has the tone that man of steel should
have had light-hearted and blah blah
blah yeah a lot of talk about the tone
of the show not necessarily the script
Oh
or the are the acting but I and I do
agree by the way that the tone of the
show is is correct and overall it's
better than Manistee I just don't think
it's very good
I think what what what Oh fucking TV
fucking man
Oh terribly how are you doing
yeah hey Lauren well good let's let's
get set up
whoo I'm fortunately dead yep it
happened again we'll be back hey
everybody we're salmon stream we'll be
back in a moment with our super spooky
movie giveaway bye

[Part III]
okay I know I know someone suggested
that we we move the camera higher up
what knob we right now we don't have a
stand up here for the camera we can do
that if you want to wait another 20
minutes for us to get started
it's fine how about fuck you it's what
I'm putting out there okay
so here's here's the game I I got this
app Lisa and I we're talking about
movies that were appropriate for our
children and another parents suggested
the kids media app because it kind of
tells you basic stuff about movies swear
words that are in it the violence that's
in it whether or not it's appropriate
for what children as we were reading
through some movies we discovered that
it has a slight conservative Christian
lean to it it considers taking the
Lord's name in vain a swear word okay
and wearing socks huh I don't have shoes
on that's plainly obvious this is
terrible well that's on you you may know
somebody the batter they stir right on
my crotch or or you could just let shoes
out or you could put using like an adult
the camera is almost focused on my
crotch this is a disaster this is
turning into an absolute disaster so Jay
should we readjusted oh it's not focused
on her just garage I don't know how you
know it's it's fine keep your sock up or
put your shoes on or put your shoes for
fuck's sake you proves you lost you need
the kids media app um we should be
lagless now so it's fine and in the coke
advertise and the correct it's listen
the lag is not going to be perfect
that's just how it works we have a video
source in an audio source it's not going
to sync up perfectly does it usually
sync up when you do camera close enough
we're usually like usually we put us
like small and in the corner and so it's
close enough okay and usually we're
streaming from Rich's computer and not
my laptop I see so there's many there's
many differences today okay so salting
in it
faster resulting in a just horrible
disaster so basically what we've done in
the break time is we've compiled a list
of movies with what we think are very
funny descriptions in the kids media app
and we will start describing the movie
without describing any of the main
characters anything specifically that
happens in the movie the first person
subscriber or not for this first round
this is this first round is open to
everyone
to name this movie wins a copy of oh we
have a very old DVD copy of Creepshow
this is the old I don't even know what
you call this type of case
but the cardboard case with the little
plastic flap but George Romero's classic
Creepshow this is is essential October
viewing
I hate those shitty cases yeah this is
like the early days of DVD I would
actually take like whenever I ended up
with a copy like that with a cardboard
case yeah I would just find a generic
DVD case and I would cut out like the
code reinserted I think this is the only
one I've ever had that's like this
whatever reason I ended up with a ton of
those yeah yeah Creepshow it regardless
of the shitty case it's a great movie so
international or US only they're asking
ooh
International shipping or anyone this
this is open to everyone okay all right
that could get expensive well it's a
giveaway we're giving this given we're
giving a lot of way we're giving away
more than we thought we're good okay so
here is our first movie JJ would you
like to read the first one sure so this
is in the sex I have to I have to know
what we're doing oh so sure it's the so
it's this is in the sex category of the
kids media app okay go JJ go okay
Android's try to force sex on teenage
girls but are unsuccessful lewd
reference to being excited when a
character sees a photo of a female
that's great mmm so now you can go into
any of the other categories as they're
specific when I should go into violence
had a good one okay in the violence
quatre in red shield just yell out if
somebody gets it right okay so this is
under violence some gnarly robot
behavior we got it up the dude 1944 Bill
and Ted's bogus journey is correct
the dude 1944 I will write down your
name this is gonna go really quick I
think so the dudes anyone else thinks
think Bill & Ted's bogus journey is
better than bill says excellent
adventure okay good I'm glad I'm not the
only one I did to defend Bill & Ted's
bogus journey recently you were there oh
yeah at the after the what had American
summer screening I had to defend Bill &
Ted's bogus journey who was talking shit
about that again oh I remember who was
talking shit about a bunch of shit
talkers we're talking shit about Bill &
Ted's bogus journey okay the dude 1944 I
have your name I will send you a message
for your address later that was built is
what else was funny in this also in the
violence category some gnarly robot
behavior including pulling skin apart to
expose robot parts hidden underneath
punching and a perilous fall that kills
two main characters yeah our heroes died
20 minutes into the movie apparently I
just found out because I've been like
rewatching a bunch of old Tales from the
Crypt episodes and I haven't gone to
this one but I heard about it somewhere
recently cuz William Sadler plays the
Grim Reaper and Dolan says biggest
journey
apparently he reprises his role as the
Grim Reaper on a random-ass episode of
Tales from the Crypt really yeah I think
he's just playing against like the Crypt
creeper in the opening but he is the
Phantom Reaper I this does ring
something okay I got a train I got to
find out what episode this is so I can
rewatch it cuz he's the best part of
that movie okay looking up our next
movie yeah he's great as the Crypt is
the Grim Reaper
nope that's not how you do that have we
said or have you said earlier that these
are all spooky Halloween movies I'll be
giving away all the move that we're
giving away not the movies that word
yeah no no no not the not the clues just
the the DVDs were giving away so it's
spooky Halloween give away yeah okay
here J someone's saying it's the Tales
from the Crypt movie no William Sadler
is in bordello of blood but he's not
playing the Grim Reaper supposedly is
playing basically the exact same Grim
Reaper from Bill & Ted's bogus journey
on an episode of Tales from the Crypt
oh well now we have to find that episode
oh yes go go forth Chet find the episode
tell us what episode it is okay let's
get let's get the room in slow mode for
our next movie what's what's next oh
right I need to tell you first or here
you can just see where we're saying oh
yeah yeah you know oh do we have to sit
we're giving away oh yeah yeah so Jay
what's our next movie next up is the
Anchor Bay release of up closer okay of
reanimate er this is a two-disc DVD of
reanimate er one of my favorite horror
movies just at its 30th anniversary last
week
okay now we're fighting for reanimate er
this is a good one Jays personal copy
why are you giving this away because
this is all shit I've liked upgraded to
blu-ray ah okay sure
okay in this is in the let so the game
is starting now this is in the language
category for our next movie in the
language category frequent cursing hell
damn it god damned pissed off Jesus fart
red ass son of a bitch bullshit
bastard dipshit holy shit an asshole
that doesn't give a lot of information
that is a lot of swearing though that is
a lot of swearing in the violence
Department let's see here
all
don't wait was that the good one is this
open to everyone Jess's this is open to
everyone okay this is open to everyone
let's see here this is in the sex
category one gentle kiss some mild
sexual innuendo with one characters
continued misuse of words and
expressions that gives you some more
information let's see oh no we did
language already violence all cartoon
fantasy violence cars equipment
mannequins blow up lots of gunfire
though no one is hit or injured except
robots who almost always bounce back
physical scuffles on two occasions
between young between a young woman and
ex-boyfriend three stooges hits and
slaps in several video expert excerpts
runaway trucks cause cartoon mayhem
machine gun and laser attack I got on
robots and luminescence 9 short circuit
that's correct I thought we had a
funnier one for that one but apparently
not what was in the other categories
yeah I was looking at that now hold on I
feel like that's a mostly forgotten
movie now sure it's a better game it
should not be it should not be I agree
luminescence gets it now I have to find
the exact spelling of luminescence name
so give me one moment
where are you luminescence
l um I n yes si ence nine did they do
say something
yeah oh I see it great luminescence you
are getting a copy of reanimate er I
will message you shortly now it should
be noted because last time we play this
without prizes there was an issue we're
just reading what the app says about the
movie if the app has incorrect
information that's on the app the game
is the game as we read the app and you
guess the movie based on that they get
the information wrong sorry that is true
that is true okay so this next one if
the mods could put in a sub only mode we
are going to do a sub only subscriber
only game oh yeah there's had some good
ones in it I think you're gonna read
this one but let's see here oh that's
right Oh sometimes you need to hold the
Apple kiss I think there's a good one in
the sex category yes
so this has a good one guys edit
messages okay maybe start off in the
language and violence oh been starting
off in language and violence a lot okay
take it we'll take a look alright
that's oh yeah this is for the West
Craven horror collection r.i.p it has
the serpent in the rainbow which is a
great movie shocker which is a Larry
hilariously bad movie and the people
under the stairs which is sort of weird
and good okay
the Western horror collection so this is
for sub only uh and what category are we
starting in rich
oh you know what there's yeah I guess
we'll just yeah starting some of the
more general stuff and then move I think
okay
I'll jump around if I think something's
too spoilery I'll avoid it absolutely
okay here we go uh drinking drugs and
smoking use of and scenes depicting the
effect of many drugs what could it be I
don't know right okay let's go just go
just go right to sex then father makes
unwanted sexual advances towards his
daughter a man performs oral sex on a
woman while on a car hood language
constant swearing violence constant and
vivid depictions of graphic murders
torturer positive role models main
characters are killers and meant to be
as bad as humans and gifts and oh and
mall radical positive messages none the
point of the movie may be to criticize
the media for glorifying violence but it
does this through more and more
over-the-top violence clouding the
message for many viewers especially
younger viewers mall rat Cole you get
the West Craven collection you get three
movies what what one of them is good one
and a half is good right people into the
stairs is pretty good oh that's a fun
spy movie huh you know that is by moving
to to Twin Peaks actors are in that hmm
oh that's right
lots of swearing oh that's right this
this okay quietly question so so this is
see that yeah okay J Oh what oh so we
can take it we can take it actually no
mods let's do let's do one more sub only
this is another sub only guess Ju
what are we playing for uh this is for
the full moon classic demonic toys I'm
sorry one demonic toys written by David
s Goyer who went on to write the Dark
Knight so really you know you gotta
start somewhere
well there you go demonic toys did you
guys see that like it's one of the
better full moon movies from the 90s
it's it's yeah it's it's not terrible
he's got it's got his moments it's not I
mean it's goofy but arrabal we never
said what the movie was it was Natural
Born Killers oh sorry
so ho won't even say who knows well I
saw the right answer and that's all I it
was Natural Born Killers that probably
should've been on me because I was
reading it but I assumed you would read
you're reading about I am I'm very sorry
it was Natural Born Killers onto our
next movie for demonic tales I'm not
sure if that's a prize but if that's
just a kin to a no prize it's uh it's
okay okay and here we go under the sex
category of this movie the heroine wears
a succession of revealing and sexy
outfits in one scene with exaggerated
erect nipples under her blouse in
another with her large breasts acting as
punching bags I think that's all no no
Reba is that that's all you need to
really be enough
you guys can do it God Lando was taken
kingpin kingpin kingpin you just stop
reading him after that huh well you just
stop reading after that huh that's all
yeah that's all you need
much much more breasts as punching bags
was taken gets demonic toys and the rest
of it it goes on to be a little more
specific and so that's why I really
stopped reading
Roy's landlady forces him to have sex
with her we just see the aftermath with
Roy throwing up from disgust plus a
recurring lewd gesture from the landlady
that implies oral sex that's true
beautiful women get fondled on the fanny
and on the bosom a lot a character makes
a bull mistakes a bowl for a cow and
milks it off screen glimpses of a lap
dancer in lingerie and a hint that a
minor character is sexually attracted to
farm critters what a weird way it should
be written very like clinical and and
but like that's a odd way to put on
critters yeah that makes it too personal
yeah that's saying they haven't seen it
it's it's a really good movie about
failure yeah it is failure and awful
people yeah yeah kingpins the only one
of the Farrelly Brothers movies from
that era that I think still holds up I
love her movies feel very dated I like
it I'm not a huge Farley brothers
finally or fairly fairly fairly Nikes
fan I don't hate their movies yeah no
that's that's the rest of ya yeah well
if you want to know more about kingpin
here's the the positive messages oh of
kingpin in addition to the overall bad
behavior shown by Roy part of the
narrative is the gradual introduction of
a religious youth to sinful pleasures
like liquor scamming smoking and
dancers a priest or someone pretending
to be one acts acts poorly towards a
sexy blonde an arrogant sports champ
uses his athletic standing for sex and
the climax holds the lesson that good
guys don't always finish first that's a
good message that's a goodness that's
what I like about that movie I guess if
you're listening to this music because
there's a spoiler he loses it's all a
big build-up to the final match and he
loses cuz he's a loser it's great cuz
he's okay yeah yeah Bill Murray the
biggest asshole he's the one that was
huge his asshole he's the winner of the
money the women never punished for his
bad so nope
where was the good one in this oh yeah
there's some good ones in you ah oh yeah
I'm just dude dude - dude okay so it's
this one okay Jay you can do this one um
see it's not like hotter room his sexist
Rocky has some form of emotional moral
victory he finds the girl oh yeah
he's about going the distance he knows
that he's not as good as Apollo Creed
but he wants to go the distance and he
does what he Harrelson just fails have
you guys not seen Rocky is that what's
happening here Rocky's are great have
you seen the trailer for Creed no it
looks great does it yeah I got a soft
spot for it'sit'sit's Creed's son is now
a boxer and Rocky's training Rocky is
essentially Mickey no it looks great it
looks really good yeah Rocky I'm a
sucker for those Rocky movies all well
all of them all of them for different
reasons the first one in the Rocky
Balboa are actually good yeah the
sequels I mean even rocky Balboa's like
that's stretching it a little bit as far
as good movies err cancer
I like it a lot it's Brockie it's rocket
yeah it's nothing but rocky okay this
one mods will be open to everyone okay
open to everyone we're gonna get started
in just seconds but J Oh what movie are
we playing folks this is a good one
this is the never sleep again the Elm
Street Legacy The Nightmare on Elm
Street for our documentary about the
entire series you want to show it to the
camera or whatever you two discs a
greats a great time-waster its
documentary it's like four and a half
hours okay which ones did you say are
good the sex and positive role models
okay let me see I think that one had had
a funny one in it
okay so positive role models the main
character leads a life of crime and his
only good deed involves more crime he
also falls in love with a married woman
and all of his actions result in
violence you had to be shaming the movie
as you read this yes the right thread
spirit okay should should I wait a
little bit oh yeah someone got it
already yep a bunch of people got it
right around Vell velmont FIFA Val Monde
FIFA Gale mo NT FIFA which means they
probably live in Europe so yeah
pay for that one I hope that reminds me
like keep in mind these are all region
one DVDs so unless you have a region
free player if you're out of the country
and you win this you might not be able
to play all the memento by the way does
that could be like a drive it's oh did
we now say to drive a strong let's drive
yeah we want to read some more stuff
from drive roads media app sure so this
is under sex two or three topless women
they don't even have specifics just as
two or three two or three topless women
are on view for a long time during a
nightclub scene the main characters
this even though the woman is already
married some minor flirting and innuendo
as a flirting is bad fairly well because
she's married okay I guess that's the
big thing with the movie is he's hitting
on a married lady okay yeah that's why
well you all signed the copies yeah we
did it if you would like us to it would
be weird for us to sign someone else's
move inside a movie that we had nothing
to do with I don't have they don't own
it until we said it to them
I'm signing it I'm signing them all I
don't care even even if they don't want
us it's too late it's too late I've
signed it ah it's gonna happen as soon
as we turn this camera off Valmont FIFA
you again I'm gonna get a pen right now
so I can start signing these I'll be
back oh my god bye reg rich is gone
which riched
they can see that he left they can't see
they deal on now they can see what we do
it's kind of strange you used to it that
Mon FIFA type something again I want to
double-check that I got your name
correct
why are you he really is going to get a
pen to sign them all oh my goodness even
if you don't want them signed you're
screwed we're sorry there's no stopping
rich
well should we should we continue here
we should I'm waiting for Valmont FIFA
it's out again so that I can as v al em
oh and Valmont people okay great I'm
speaking thank you
never sleep again look okay
he's going for it maybe the ones that
have already been been counted for you
hold out yeah okay what's let's see
what's next year you want gold or silver
fuck I don't giving you gold he's gone
mad folks he's gone mad I'm gonna I'm
gonna sign it right over like like an
important thing what's going on
I'm gonna right over right over here's
Freddie's head yeah I'm gonna sign
Freddie's head
why are you doing this I don't know I
really don't know I've just kind of lost
my mind
sure all right sure he's he's signing
them all he is just this is a thing
that's happening and doing it okay
granny more um okay great
who's watching uh-huh who's watching
what it's your it's you know oh really
I know it's there you're the one how am
I gonna sign all these DVDs without
authorization just do we still have to
shine we start to show the next movie
well Jay what are we playing for now oh
this is a great one this is Frank Kenan
laughter's basket case classic a gritty
gross New York 42nd Street movie about a
man who Siamese twin got separated when
they were children and it's a little
mutant guy that lives in a basket which
one did mall radical when mole rat :
Mall Rocco won the West Craven
collection I will do that for you yes
okay okay so we are playing for bet oh
myyy basket case is great basket case
Jesus classic early eighties
exploitation okay we'll leave mods leave
this one open to everyone again and
we're gonna get started right no no
because I don't know what we're doing oh
it's sure can you see that okay we are
starting to right now in the positive
messages category showing no room
course for their actions two characters
drastically alter the lives of two
complete strangers for their own
personal amusement many characters are
greedy and selfish and indulge in drugs
and alcohol
the film also elevates prostitution as
an acceptable means of earning a living
terrible under the sex category several
scenes of topless women we won the fan
characters okay we got impression to one
person that spelled it right one person
that spelled it wrong are we gonna be
stick loose if they got the if they do
the movie Trading Spaces and then
someone said Trading Places
it's definitely it's definitely not
spaces I know it's not we're not a typo
the typo but was it a typo or no spaces
is a completely different word that's
not just a typo that's just typing the
wrong word okay yeah so we're giving it
to the one for give it to the person
saturating play scroll I don't know how
to use your trackpad oh my I could check
that but I need to sign these DVD covers
unauthorized like give me a moment okay
I'll keep going to loosen one that's a
Trading Spaces is the keel either one
right after it you gone you going like
this up oh yeah there you go
wait keep on keep on this trading place
this that wasn't the oh wait yeah
training place and then none of that is
training place it was one as it's no
space somebody no I see that two
training spaces that's below it somebody
oh did somebody got it earlier I just
miss the training places right there
training place and then trading places
oh wait you're trading places go up
further cuz it's space some that s
somebody did spaces I saw that it's down
there really we're up si now where's
Trading Spaces ai Trading Spaces oh oh
poly clone and then the next one after
that drow we're okay here
yeah trainees faces and then drone okay
in places dr 0ww yep trading places and
now we got a scroll is back down so I
can see the next actual guesses r 0w r
0w w gets basket case you're welcome i
and i do apologize you got a whole
winter of that now now that the
weather's changing that's when that
happens okay and many apologies many
apologies if you actually did typo
Trading Spaces when you meant to try it
type trading that's not a typo let's
type in a different word right but there
could be a world in which that was a
typo but we can't allow it because it is
a different word we have to have rules
we have to have rules otherwise society
crumbles
by the way Trading Places is packed with
profanity oh yeah not so much of the
violence
but my favorite part of this is is the
the film elevates prostitution as an
acceptable means of earning ha ha ha ha
ha ha okay what's it let's see what's
next I can't tell you guys what's next
happy cheating David that would defeat
the whole purpose that would literally
defeat the whole purpose all right so I
probably read the next one you can read
the next one oh stop signing
unauthorized copies DVDs this is
terrible it's actually weird that you're
doing I think it's funny look okay ah
this one will be a sub only heads up
mods this is gonna be a sub only my god
oh my oh wait and J will tell you what
we're playing for today this is actually
a bootleg that we got at Chicago Comic
Con several years ago because this movie
has been out of print forever but it
just came out on blu-ray this year and
it's Bryan uses society if you if you
win this and you've never heard or seen
of this never heard of this movie you're
seen it do not read anything about it do
not look it up before you watch it go in
blind it's the only way it's it's a
movie to be discovered it's one of the
weirdest fucking things ever I'm going
to go ahead and say that from you that's
really high praise yeah not the whole
movie it's it's an escalation but it
gets pretty pretty out there at the end
we are giving away bootlegs yeah well
for the longest time that's the only way
you could get it okay
it was out of print sure collecting data
I have not heard or seen of it I want
well and you said it just recently came
out of blue it just came out on blu-ray
in the u.s. earlier this year
sure so of course I picked it up
immediately because I saw it on cable
when I was a kid but I'm gonna fuck me
up it's like well I got on that and
fucked me up okay are we ready we
ready I have my eyes on the chat okay
language language isn't constant a
contain many uses but contains many uses
of F dash dash K as well as a few uses
of s dash dash T you could just say the
word mother f dash dash ER ass goddamn
and bitch the heroes mostly refrain from
using bad language positive role models
our hero doesn't grow or change much
over the course of the film and his
brand of heroism includes killing but he
is brave and heroic his partner is an
example of a courageous and strong
female character she's not there for
romance
but to complete a challenging journey of
her own violence extreme someone got it
I see it
beer Meister 2089 has it with Dredd
Bundrage I won't keep reading this
anyway I wanna make it the name or you
continue again extreme sci-fi fantasy
violence with gallons of blood spilled
hundreds of casualties and thousands of
bullets fired some in detailed
slow-motion characters are smashed by
cars burned alive and thrown from great
heights splattering on the ground other
characters are beaten pummeled and
bloodied a neck is broken violently and
a few extreme quick flashback shots
characters are skinned alive two teens
pick up guns to try to kill Dredd he
stuns them before he can cross that line
before they can cross that line he
crosses that line all the time he has no
problem positive messages Dredd learns
that his black-and-white rulebook
doesn't necessarily apply when he's
decided to test out a new rookie she
doesn't efficiently pass but she behaves
above and beyond in other ways on the
other hand the way that the criminal
a viewer is dealt with and this
futuristic world may raise questions
about how far the power of the law
should extend rich have you seen this
movie yet I need to I know I need to
everyone tells me I need to I'm a
horrible horrible human being I as I
haven't gotten around this is different
than like cuz people always say like oh
you haven't seen you know this movie or
that movie Dredd I'm saying specifically
for you I know you need to see dress
there's a problem I have the memory of a
fruit fly
okay and when I get home sure I'm just
I've forgotten completely about
everybody telling me I need to see Dredd
all right we need to mail rich a letter
I'll have to do check your mail um once
a month I get nothing but ads it's not
worth it I'll help you
it'll help me in a month okay okay
that's good you know cuz you know we
need to do something unless I checked my
mail before I go to work which sometimes
do Oh
and then I'll forgotten of the time I
gotta get home we need a way to remind
rich specifically when he's at home
candygram strip-o-gram a stripper-gram
Dredd Oh Graham beer Meister 2089 you
get a fresh off the presses version of
society now listen to Jay don't look
into this movie don't ya if you have not
seen it and you know anything about it
just watch it go in completely odd cold
and just just watch don't read up give
us his phone number yeah it's not gonna
happen
all right let's see what's next
doo dee doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo
Oh where was a good one in this one oh
that's right that's a good category
that's a good category okay this one
will also be a sub only sub only mods
heads up Jay
yes what are we playing for this is the
somewhat recent scream factory release
scream facts no John I love scream
factory of John Carpenter's Prince of
Darkness this is not the blu-ray this is
the DVD so that's why I'm getting rid of
it but hey Prince of Darkness is an
underrated John Carpenter movie I liked
this movie quite a bit I don't know if I
ever heard of it here if your blu-ray
player breaks you only have your DVD
player
what do you can do why why would I have
a DVD player and a blu-ray player a
blu-ray player also plays DVDs okay just
throw out your old equipment missus
that's the way equipment is now rich if
something breaks you don't like it in
the old days you would get your TV
repair the TV repair shop or the VCR
repair shop now if it breaks you just
toss it I like having a backup oh sure
like I get a new computer I still have
the old computer there oh yeah yeah that
one I get rid of that one once I get a
new new computer right well about how
long mean how long I mean you keep like
a backup until you get the new thing
pretty much well we have we have if
something breaks at my place we have
backups here like we have multiple VCRs
here and we've got some DVD players
we're fine
so that might be a little extreme I'm
just being an asshole is not a question
okay point being Alice Cooper impale
someone on a bike in this movie James
giving away all these precious treasures
and it's it's breaking my heart it's
great it's breaking my heart
I have Prince of Darkness on blu-ray
what am I gonna do with this fucking
blu-ray snob I bought I bought two
Spider Man 3 on fucking blu-ray oh look
one percent better oh fuck me okay okay
hmm we are now ready to start this round
of guess the movie using the kids media
app Ritchie you remember what what movie
where yes okay great
and here we go in the violence category
brief but strong violence includes arm
slicing and stabbing with heavy blood
shown characters die creepy-looking
dismantled robots and arguing in the sex
category female robots shown full
frontal nudity in several scenes frank
discussion about possible sex with
robots a woman begins to undress and
seduce a man reference to internet porn
I haven't oh we got a X pencil x-men's
is the person that won ex machina yes
that's weird
the movie is ex machina why is it weird
because it doesn t ex in it it just
sounds similar it's weird yeah I grew
it's an odd coincidence
it's a robots are really smart X Mensa
implies that this is a smart person less
brain damage isn't out dumber okay so
they're opposite things really what
x-men so you're not men sending more and
you're not smart anymore that means your
IQ drops you drop somehow Oh Mensa and
it just went down I get it I didn't get
it at first please me don't don't be
rude with the handicap oh oh it's fine
fine right I'm not seeing his name
expensive where are you I won't forget
eggs and rich will go seed red as soon
as he gets home absolute Thank You Chad
that will happen I need eggs again yeah
I'm in an egg situation where are you
expenses say something again
I need to know exactly how your name is
billed in order to get your personal
contact information
thank you
because I mean jackasses you know spell
x-men so but with an e like a letter
three number three times better that's
not a letter at all it's a number now
I've actually stopped signing these does
everybody who's one do they actually
want my signature wait wait this is what
I keep going like a joke ran its course
but what movie were giving you away
Prince of Darkness Prince of Darkness
you've never even heard of Prince of
Darkness never even heard of Prince of
Darkness hurry that I haven't seen it oh
yeah John Carpenter also has
eighty-seven thousand movies he doesn't
have that many I like John Carpenter I
just don't love horror yeah you would
probably not care for it then even
though Alice Cooper impales someone with
a bike Jay should I sign society or
should I leave Society alone that's up
to you you're the one that's gone crazy
with signatures well is this so special
that I shouldn't sign it it's not
special at all it's a boot that's a
bootleg that was printed off of it cuz
some of your sinks it's so unspecial I
should sign it twice in silver and gold
sure all right all right are we ready
almost rich a student he had a waiter a
bit okay he's got a whole bit all right
it's a thing he's gonna do is been Irish
we're doing um moving right along here
are we here again you got that yeah oh
yeah we've got a little record there are
what three more there's three more yeah
last two are kind of special um mods
this one that will be open to everyone
oh we also need to know what we're
playing for Oh another underrated film
uh-huh
we have Exorcist three subs or no why
are you laughing it's just it's this is
a good movie everyone open to everyone
open to everyone mods George C Scott
yeah yeah written and directed by
William Peter Blatty you wrote the
original Exorcist novel oh I like this
movie quite a bit
The Exorcist 3 if it wasn't for the fact
the studio interfered with the ending
they're like this is an extra smoothing
there's no exorcisms
so they made him reshoot the ending oh
and this priest that was in one scene
earlier in the movie he shows up for the
exorcism and you're like who the hell is
this
so aside from that this is a this is a
great movie Oh doctor far broader if you
win I will sign it yeah
cookies yeah the fact even if you don't
win it I'm gonna sign it
yeah cookies yeah I love this bit vs.
got crazy right this is great okay okay
um so specific when I should start with
I don't remember that one had some but
I'm go ahead and take a moment to read
through I think I want to say I want to
say violence had a funny well there was
there were several funny or at least
entertaining near something take a
moment
okay let me look sir take it take a
moment we're gonna get ready rich is not
mad with power rich has a reasonable
amount of power and he's using it to his
fullest ability if anything he's optimum
he's optimizing his power I have a minor
amount of power that I am going mad with
I'm going mad with the least amount of
power you could possibly go mad with
it's really really sad but you're not
even going mad you have the power to
write on things and you're writing on a
nun that pathetic you're just that's
what I get right on this like that power
what exactly okay okay uh uh this one's
gonna be the hardest to figure out as
far as categories goes okay start with
this one this is sex kissing an
unmarried couple wakes up in the same
bed some wearing a damp clingy clothing
on the main characters part that's a
very weird sentence that doesn't make
any sense but I think they're just
trying to say that the main character is
wearing wet clothing at one point but
but you're telling me that an unmarried
couple wakes up together and they wake
up in the same bed the weird part is
they didn't go to bed in the same bed
it doesn't say that but I'm assuming so
because why else would it be so shocking
that they wake up in the same bed uh
rich do you know what the answer have it
o Animus prime really yet drag me to
hell is the answer
wow that's pretty good animist prime
animation underscore i I see it right
here how the fuck did you get it off of
that that's when someone else shortly
after holy shit the lay this probably
didn't know he had collecting data just
God
Snooky seven jesus fucking christ
not as hard as go on go ahead and say
with a positive message of the movie is
yes this is for drag me to hell for all
the movies horror film trappings and
scares the message the message about the
consequences of your ethical choices is
quite strong and I would agree do you
want to read some of the violence oh
sure what's some violence and drag me to
hell
um drag me to hell high on scares but
they're peppered with some humor
extensive fighting and scuffling with a
mix of graphic imagery and good-natured
goofiness blood but in such outlandish
amounts that the effect is ultimate
ultimately more cartoony than grisly an
old woman grapples with the main
character who fights her off with fists
a stapler and the laws of gravity a
staple a stable is plunged into human
flesh a discussion and depiction of
animal sacrifice I just I miss all adds
up to a great movie and an unmarried
couple waking up in the same bed that
you know I like drag me to hell but that
was the part I was a little like you're
like do we need that that's not cold you
know what that is that's producers using
sex to sell yes yes unmarried couple
wakes up in the same bed
well animus prime you are getting a
signed copy of The Exorcist three and
this is yeah cookies yeah how the fuck
did you guess that the thing is I can
see George C Scott's saying that line
that movie yeah he's Europe
that's my Jersey's got an exorcist three
impression
that's a good one it is not in the file
all right let's get our next one two
more these last two are blu-rays guys
this info is on Google are they googling
like the description and is that
bringing them to the kids at uh well if
so then they should be shamed in
themselves there's nothing we can do
about it now but I mean I guess maybe I
forgot I'm side your copy anyway like
are they like they're typing the
descriptions in as we're say I don't
know that seems weird that seems too
weird well you know what they gotta live
with themselves if they're cheating like
that yeah this is on them that's on them
okay so for these last two we are going
back to sub only mode sub only mode for
the last two fridge oh my god you start
reading through that J tell us what
we're playing for this is a blu-ray ooh
this is another scream factory release
of Halloween - Halloween - blu-ray an
okay sequel that's elevated by Dean
Candy's awesome cinematography Jamie Lee
Curtis where's a horrible wig through
the whole film
good oh yeah if everyone's cheating now
that's fine then everyone has a fair
enough chance depends on who can cheat
faster who can cheat faster Fox mine
alright okay are we ready to go sub-only
mode go rich language frequent use of
all major curse words drinking drugs and
smoking drinking drug overdose marijuana
use sex female full frontal nudity
numerous sex scenes an orgy scene
implied teenage prostitution positive
messages most of the characters in this
film engage what is commonly considered
deviant social behavior example drug use
sex with prostitutes adultery some even
openly encourage such behavior the
consequences for engaging in such
behavior only falls upon prostitutes and
Mister bibs gets eyes wide shut that's
the sex one is my favorite how they very
dryly describe all the sex mr. Beebe's
Ino full frontal nudity number sex
scenes
an orgy scene live teenage prostitution
implied implied teenage prostitution
white teenage prostitution category sex
frequent use of all major curse words
drinking drug overdose marijuana use
that's really in the section that's
really brushing over when they just say
orgy scene right like like if that's
really under selling it it's true but it
is true but there's a lot going on you
hear about that ocean yeah it's a body
of water you know yeah yeah sure is come
on
okay great that was that was great
mister boobs you get a copy of Halloween
too on blu-ray
yeah exciting and we have one more left
guys we have one more left
implied teenage prostitution are you
sure that wasn't just Tom Cruise's
trailer but about that time yeah
male that's a male prostitute that's
none of them that implied a prostitution
it what's that terrible stand-up
comedian Joe again hey you know I never
been married never been married at all
you know if you ask me a wedlock that's
a little too close to deadbolt she's the
worst where's my machine damn it wait
hello thank you thank you I'll be wrong
tip your waitresses in me good
okay let me get this ready yay what are
we playing for
oh we saved the best for last huh I can
see what they can see what that is
already great you got what
oh I'm ready I'll get reading ahead you
tell us what we're playing another
scream factory here Elise this is the we
saved the best for last it's Halloween 3
season 2 the winch how do we do the
Michael Myers list Halloween film the
black sheep is a series that's actually
one of the best movies in the series
that is a blu-ray this is a blue are you
giving that one away because I have the
Halloween box set oh just all blu-rays
and it has this in it a little kid's
head turns into bugs so there you go
it's a great movie a little kids head
turns the head like chairman guy from
Robocop is the main bad guy on it yeah
and it turns into bugs he doesn't he
turns other people's heads into
because he's a wish because that's the
thing the title doesn't make any sense
there's no which isn't it oh so I don't
know why it's the season of the witch oh
because Halloween so it's kind of
redundant I don't know I don't know but
it's about an evil man that makes masks
that when you wear them they have a
little piece of metal in the back that
is has Carvey shavings from stonehedge
on it and when they're Wow and when
you're wearing the mask while this weird
signal is broadcast on TV it turns your
head into bugs and that's what the
movies about and there's robots in it
too I think I need to see this movie
it's great it's great this sounds great
it sounds great okay sub only mods sub
only we're getting ready to start here
and here we go in the sex category a few
kisses most notably a very sweet
storybook kiss and a reference to the
main characters perfect breasts in the
violence section action style violence
includes a torture machine
swords fight sword fights one to the
death under positive messages despite
some betrayal along the way cut fresh B
to dick punch gets it with Princess
Bride and buttercups perfect breasts did
you sort of like the easiest category
huh is that the easiest category are
they all pretty obvious what are you
talking about notably I got Rory look
kiss I guess that's pretty I'm gonna
read this positive message yeah all
right despite some betrayal along the
way overall the movies message is about
the triumph of true love and the
importance of loyalty friendship
inventiveness persistence and family hmm
that's true yeah Princess Bride oh this
has an educational value oh no the
educational value is an A+ but then in
under the description it says the movie
is intended to entertain rather than
educate have very low standards it
educates them as how great Carrie Lu
uses three always lose he's not great
and saw he's actually terrible in that
movies finds K lose who won press beat a
dick punch yep
press B dick punch there you are
I see press underscore B underscore and
to underscore underscore punch I'm
seeing all this
enjoy your copy of Halloween 3 and good
luck trying to get the theme song out of
your head the last you don't get him
signed because over on the other side
don't get a sign because I have to get
up and I'm not gonna get all I've gotten
up like four times today so yeah I will
send you all messages later tonight to
get your shipping information and we
will we will ship those out immediately
thank you all for playing we really
appreciate it I'm going to once again
brave an electric shock Oh BAM I've got
people I thought people can hear that
right ah Dec you are not going to
survive this winter what was singing
what's wrong with your hand with me I
know with your body many many things
many many things mother fucker
the King wrappi ink veins
Joerg hland collecting data cannot Eric
Kirk can a NAR C can add ergh
I think the case Island on a Newark in
there I'm a dark space camo ice bone
badger 15 months in a row space come oh
you got 14 hung and wild Lukas dukey's
she just subscribe I just like the word
Dookie basically everyone wanna make
jeff jacket will do put a Dookie in your
name nuke em mind
Frederick girl X Mensa 16 months in a
row thank you xeno trope 15 months in a
row damn the real Quaid twelve months in
a row
Susan's period dead oh and I get it
that's a new one I get it that's based
on the new ad wait I don't get it you
haven't seen the new head actually do
good that was my joke oh we're we're
sorry um we were on Susan's period oh
you're on Susan's period of course rad
radio link down great Amal one I'm sorry
what
grant amal one great wait what is it
grant amal one great thank you hub
Biff meets lab 13 months in a row I am
Keith David bowl um Special K Lando was
taken 13 months in a row BB feh Biff
Biff meets Lebanon SEP 13 months video
I'm like some mad mad fruit fly memory
good blender me it all goes out one head
who just subscribe how about hey hey yes
I just subscribe whip owned wit wit
'wind
whooping wind 15 months in a row I guess
whip pwned is s of the poems is what the
P double tuned hey Anna hi works like
Wisconsin poon
and the poon and come mix Ian 120 thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's true we really do and thanks for
playing our dumb kids media app game
life I think it's fun I could read those
descriptions all day and we'll get those
movies out to my yeah I know it's gonna
be awkward you walking over there just
end the stream nobody shot myself again
shock ba wait wait wait wait wait wait
one's good right right right here and
see if we get a spark on
