Aug 12, 2015
GALAK-Z, Rocket League
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/12726896
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/12727941
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGzPNdvtHQY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbebF2cm4sI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/631538166785138689

[Part I]
this would be a horrible like like three
seconds to relive for the rest of
eternity we're starting soon because we
started that was my bit enriched that
was my bit that was a bit that was my
that was the literally the best bit I
could come up with right at that very
moment hello everybody so sorry that I'm
running late
computer issues everything's every sort
of issues were happening and that's what
you get no that's what you get I am
gonna play Gallic Z and if you notice
something lovely about this the pause
screen has little like VHS tracking on
the top of it ask you then thank you
there should have been glassy and but
why is that why is that rich
why why is that rich I don't know why my
what's the joke
good Galaxian Galaxian yeah what's that
that's a game jack oh it's a game where
things flight out and you shoot at them
their spaceships to look like bugs well
you know I don't I don't I don't know
these things okay I'm gonna start
playing how I start playing rich this is
what's gonna happen all right I'm glad
you're done
oh my god what was that what was what
could you do that yeah definitely so no
that's quite definitely not quite
definitely yeah now it's now the audio
I almost want to skip this you're
stealing your prerogative you know yeah
I do want to know what's going on look
at these little space guys go on the
side of the ship was just life on the
skull to the children skulls it's made
by the same people I have no idea I
don't I someone someone tweeted at me
that I would possibly like this game and
I think I might and so I bought it and
now I'm gonna play it I do hear it's
supposed to be like from the same
developer I thought it might be oh good
that's great I'm gonna learn how to play
it it's loading that is correct oh
that's good
ex Quadron report and why squadron
report in anybody I'm here my name is
attack attack my name is a tank rich
where is the attack attack that's what I
do with my ship and I thought because
the intense action give you a heart
attack
ooh possibly better targets came down
okay so it's like a twin snake the next
target just teaching me at a good
turnaround test fire your lasers what is
this available on what are you playing
this for me
I am blings on the ps4 just because
that's what is easier for me to stream
on right now yeah because my office is
in shambles and so I'm in my living room
and it's just easier for me to play oh I
can just hold down X is there anything
funky - aiming or just twisting class it
well yeah classic twin-stick except for
you know like usually in a twin stick
the other controller moves you in this K
in this case it's a spaceship so the the
other controller just your throttle okay
so it's a little bit different where you
kind of have to like so it's like
asteroids
it's like asteroids it's exactly like
after it's okay so it's not a twin stick
I don't even know what you call an
asteroid you call it an asteroid
you call that like physics yeah yeah oh
this games just don't give a fuck yeah
you fly around shoot a snake no a rocket
would ship the dimension in such a way
that mmm you couldn't steer like an
airplane worried about your thrust and
momentum I like it
feels good I'm forgetting which one is
throttle and which one is shoot can you
guys hear the game at all right now
did I turn it down too much now did I do
a bad I'm just gonna say yes having no
idea where the other entire fleet it
looks cool like how it looks like my
little shit
so you just you're just flying around
the large 2d area with ship floating
around
yeah like sinister sinister the monster
that asteroids first I want you to head
to this large asteroid it seems to be
Hollow
you'll be able to use it for covers
Sinistar was was a classic arcade game
but it actually it talked that was one
of them was like two gimmick oh yeah the
star would wouldn't say things as he was
chasing it down like the big ship in the
background that's carving yeah I think
that's where the lady is
Komodo Academy class the rocketboost now
so why do you even need the little shit
just being the big ship with the lady
you know good ship eyes they can
maneuver like the little shit apparently
it is you're not in front of it clearing
the way it's ahead of you now wait I'm
in deep space is this a bad thing oh
shit hey did you get turned around I
need you I wasn't paying attention and I
stopped following the area I was
supposed to follow my bad Oh Jack I know
I know I don't ever pay attention
so you have your thruster but you have
to pay attention stuff like you can also
break just hold both thrust buttons at
once wait oh there's a backwards thrust
button - that's fine oh my god
and and that's the brake if I owned the
boat
well fuck do you die in one hit a la
classic shooters no no so far I've run
into a lot of walls I mean maybe that's
that that could be a that could be just
because this is the tutorial I guess
we'll see it was not made of explode iam
which is good a lot of a lot of classic
ships and games are made out of explode
iam always strictly a poor choice of
materials yeah yeah no this seems to be
pretty robust although right now I'm
fighting bubbles and so I think even if
it was made of explode iam it I can't
imagine the bubbles would do much damage
something sure
probably less frustrating this way
though it's on your way open your map to
get a sense of it we're gonna map to the
what okay great I love their last game
skulls of the Shogun but it looks like
this would already have gotten old to me
well you know let's good at we we got to
give it at least faster tutorial right
don't judge your game by its first level
it's a long ass tutorial level yeah yeah
fuck yeah
yeah my jam is that space just space
junk gotcha okay space space jam what
about sham space J okay I am ready to
take out some probes
probe spotted tester missiles on them
hold the missile button to open the
target er keep holding to lock-on more
missiles release to fire whoa that's fun
wait till you see the missile thing okay
that's cool you know what it is cool
it's very anime the way the missiles
shoot out of you
so I dig that those are neat looking
missiles signal rings out loud and clear
and there's a good chance full of sense
whoa do you need to blow up the
asteroids or is that just
yeah she's extra you got to get him out
of the way and so we can
what is that wait was that money in the
bank yes
muzzle what's that who's that what's
going on what's kind of what's happening
that's a lot of this game so far it's
not drawing me in you know what this is
exactly my kind of game and it's not
exactly drawing me in although that
could just be because I'm looking for
literally any excuse to play more rocket
League even if you've been addicted all
I want in the world is more rocket
League I'm so addicted that it hurts
yeah yeah
but I know I can't you just played it
and I knew Karen blade it I know I can
but maybe later maybe once I'm done with
this before I think that's probably the
new thing so just a heads up that might
be happening later yeah they're they're
totally trying to look like Robotech
okay oh yeah I'm on the axle off the USS
axe Elios XD Leo's yeah this is this is
totally 70s anime sci-fi
oh of course with flash animation at
least I have a plan
fight the Imperials strike at their
heart I'm the only fighter pilot left
rich that's the that's the moral right
you're the only one I'm the only fighter
pilot left oh my god that's depressing
yeah maybe maybe you need better fighter
ships it's a little no it's all up to me
rich I'm the only one that can do it I'm
the only one that can do it you have
this dynamite you just want a ship that
doesn't make any sense I think I mean
you know you're gonna die on the first
mission I'm just one small ship against
the Galactic something that's evil if
the other ones all got destroyed I mean
what's what's so special about you
trying the same ship they are I think I
think the best soldier in the world
isn't gonna win a war single-handedly
Jones right I think I think at some
point it's it's just time to surrender
no they're chumps
mechanic friends crush just a bunch of
chumps rich they can't handle mine they
can't handle my jelly I don't their
jelly of my jelly only because it's
fiction only because it's fiction yeah
yeah of course
get off me happy thing hey bean what
kind of person is crash he's a bit of a
hermit keeps to himself using too many
missiles well they are they limited yeah
and I'm not coming crossing that's like
I gotta have to be more careful about my
missile usage what's my health it's
anime rich one teenager can end the
universe if they want to learn sapphic
yeah that's that's kind of the problem
with anime isn't it that's it you know
that's any story like one person can do
everything they're always like underage
fifteen-year-old kid come on come on if
it's made for kids that makes sense
right yeah only one boy can do this I
forgot which button was missiles they
made uh they made an anime based on the
zone of the enders not not on this just
take a look at the same universe out of
the story from the zone of the Ender's
Game okay and the what I liked about it
Imperial like a fifty year old man just
like an old dad whose kids hate him it
was not at all your typical anime kid
and I enjoyed the hell out of this
grumpy alright first mission and I'm a
little bored I'm a little boy watching
there we go there we go that's that's my
official feelings which is sad because I
gotta say I really love I don't think
with her streamed it but I love skulls
of the Shogun Alaska babe have you
talked about that I mean I think you've
just mentioned the name before bitch I
don't think I don't think it's ever been
streamed but sure I try to rectify one
of these days yeah yeah
oh you run into those things and they
slow you down I don't like that the chat
is also bored oh good so it's not just
us no no I mean I don't mean I'm good
like everyone's bored but well you know
we're doing good boring gameplay this is
when we can chat about other stuff I had
my bunion removed oh my god I don't
think I've ever had a bunion what is a
bunny I was just gonna ask you the same
thing I don't know what a bunion is I
think it's something on your foot
it sounds comical though yeah have you
seen the Deadpool trailer yet fuckin
awesome yeah I didn't I didn't give a
shit at all until I saw the trailer okay
so we should have polished all right
yeah you know I just I was remarking
I've never even actually really read the
comic books cause like I've never been
an x-men fan right I was vaguely
familiar enough with Deadpool but that
movie just looks fun it does looks fun
it looks nice and ultra violent I mean I
I just the question is are they going to
let him break the fourth wall the second
I like Hampton like halfway through the
movie he's gonna start breaking the
fourth wall they have to well remember
Wolverine Origins here's the greater
question is if they don't break the
fourth wall will that ruin it I don't
know I'm not sure I mean he kind of he
kind of does in the trailer the Green
Lantern reference it's not truly
breaking the fourth wall oh no not the
Green Lantern reference at the at the
end you know he kind of talks to the
camera
okay you know like he shoots the guys or
any snakes the gun and you know I'm
touching my son I'm gonna be touching
myself later he says that to camera good
it could be talking to himself
great get me out of here oh my god
name your price trade for trade and a
trip home to earth I got beat yeah I
mean it looked alright I'm something in
general that how do I do I have to like
push him into this I don't know I don't
know it's all me I'm not generally happy
with improv for improv steak speaking
specifically of like the Deadpool movie
is that scene with whoever that comedian
is from Silicon Valley the guy who's
like just talking about how ugly he
looks Zeena seems very improv acerra
leafit with the rest of the tone of the
trailer it might it might fit perfectly
fine in the movie but I think improv is
one of those things that a lot of people
say they like in comedy movies but
actually only like it in improv comedy
movies you know and I hope I hope they
don't that part of the trailer really
turned me off the jokes about his face
even though they were funny like tonally
it didn't mix with the rest of the movie
you know no it's fine
it looks like your face those are those
are funniest jokes
it looks like an avocado had sex with a
slightly older avocado maybe was just
that actor maybe I just don't like that
actor
Crash's parked himself below decks and
wants to talk maybe you need to like
more things to make me feel like I could
I could like more things but yes classic
Lego cinema who by the way made a made
an excellent Man of Steel Batman vs
Superman lego video he says this is
Playa I feel this game makes my eyes cry
classic Lego cinema did were those did
you use our lines from talking about Man
of Steel to make that trailer because a
lot of those sounded really familiar I
thought it was really funny but I
believe you said it was inspired by that
oh good
oh you're doing business with you move
on and let's get it equipped I don't
care I don't want to buy any weapon
upgrades you get you got to equip
it's on the ship and you're good to go
what so what are you doing whatever
let's talk about the game with you what
do you what are you mumbling about in
your head right now I don't know don't
know what I don't know what I'm doing I
have this auto-fire upgrade increases
overall fire rate and fire pattern and
then I'm in equip laser upgrade okay I
think I think I get to pick an upgrade
yeah but I already did it I thought I
did it
alright whatever fine
what is your thinking for going with
whatever thing you went with today well
because it was a different thing than I
heard and I don't under I don't
understand or know what's happening and
I don't necessarily care so that's
that's my official review of Gallic
disease because you're so disinterested
because I'm so
give it another level whoa listen I walk
by level usually purely for purpose of
cutting up you later YouTube videos I
want to give everything at least an hour
because that makes a nice easy edit
point oh it looks like I have a pink
laser now and before I didn't have a
pink laser the pilot you get like
asteroids you know like like this is the
level here this circle you'll see in a
second and I have to explore the circle
and find my way to that you know oh it's
an interesting looking enemy so that's
good would it be better if you're like
dogfighting all the ships like yourself
yeah that's what I was expecting
and maybe that happens later place
Pokemon says I heard this game was
roguelike inspired so presumably the
difficulty should ramp up at some point
okay and that would be good okay okay
now be and I can see that like maybe
perhaps every asteroid is procedurally
generated
I'm fighting some more challenging
enemies now which is fun what is that
he's got hit by something I got hit by
something same I'm rooting for these
guys cuz I really do like skulls the
show baggage to walk that's a great day
okay no and I just got a little new
mechanic here
I got a Duke what I'm reading more
imperial signals I could I could see
this more fun it's kinda yeah it's got a
slow start I don't think the the physics
would make for a great action game
though this is there's a reason ships
don't fly like this in the movies they
view in Battlestar Galactica I'll do
that yeah this is this is exactly how
they and why are they why are they
shaped the way they are then their ships
what do you mean their shape your
standard shape for aerodynamics yeah
yeah there is reasons for that because
of like the way their thrusters are for
multi-directional pivoting science I I
stand by my thinking that you would
really like the remake the newer version
of Battlestar Galactica until the end
makes me want to close my eyes off just
the last episode well that's that's
important yeah but you get all the other
justice if you're telling an epic story
the ending is important yes I agree
I still think you would like a display
your sitcom every episode stand on Star
Trek
ends it's not an ongoing story sure sure
I'm with you I'm with you but you know
what I still look back on Battlestar
finally even though I did not much care
for the hippie-dippie
ending I know what I know what my pet
peeves are though yeah so
that's good
settle down my crowing oh how did I get
up there yes yet I understand that
Battlestars got a lot of religious
bullshit going on the the original
Battlestar lost me when angels started
showing up angels started showing them
yeah angels and white suits I've gone to
a different asteroid version and somehow
I don't remember any angels in the
Battlestar remake so you might have some
better luck you know there's definitely
some some juju some hippie-dippie
crossbar I probably I probably should
watch Babylon 5
it's Babylon 5 and like Netflix I don't
know I've never been interested in
Babylon 5 do you even have like a health
farm I don't know
so that's that's bad these these are all
really good questions rich I I cannot I
can either confirm nor deny a health bar
oh I think I just got an extra health
bar am I supposed to leave now I guess
Babylon 5 I don't know anything about
that so it never looked like something I
wanted to watch the chat is lobbying for
police quest I know I'm you know maybe
we should start another quest games we
should we should start another question
no I don't know the next one's gonna be
police quest to not not that we'll never
do it hmm yeah just switch things up I
was leaning towards the King's Quest I
believe the third one okay oh you
definitely should we'll do more of those
types of games we have fun doing them so
of course we will do more of them I
can't I can't read along right now
because I'm watching the stream on
stream I'm watching out of delay
knowing there's voice acting you know we
can't even new voices
tightly-packed turbocharged oh I don't
care I was boost fun
wait let's do that wait what did I do
god dammit I don't know what I did I'm
laughing for a full frontal lobotomy at
this point yeah this is really for
someone someone tweeted at this game
tweeted at me this game saying that it
looked exactly up my alley
and according to the trailer for this
game I mean just looking at this game
you would assume right action-packed
super fun in space adventure I don't I
don't think you can make astrophysics
super fun oh I think there's I think
there's a I've marked the spot this is
our first best hope I think you can I
mean
I think with the fingers what might die
for the person who I die it's great
nice now I know I can die have you ever
been so happy to die in a game before
not happy to die always is that it's
good to know that I can die and
obviously oh when you die or finish a
season all weapons ship upgrades and
Salvage are lost oh that's kind of sucky
Lord suffix has stopped flying into the
enemies yes yes I do need to stop flying
into the enemies I agree lord Saavik
thank you thank you I guess
for telling me something I already knew
how long we've been playing this not
long enough how much time do we have in
here I know I know I know you like easy
edits on the videos jack but I think
we're losing everybody we're gonna give
it a little bit longer I mean I mean the
only other game I have is rocket League
right now which I really do play looks
like my lucky crash coins while you were
out you could probably get like a better
crowd response enough pac-man right
right right
Donkey Kong donkey concept you have
Donkey Kong there are no pleasant
comments for this game right now
no as there shouldn't be as there
shouldn't be yeah I guess just a wait
didn't I buy oh oh that's why I didn't
buy it you have to press that button to
buy and then that for next okay everyone
had more fun watching bookworm
adventures which is game you spelled
words she's played bookworm adventures
yeah you didn't see any of that I did
not see any of that
that was great everyone everyone was
throwing out words it was kind of
interactive oh that does sound like fun
you know what we can talk about
something that I'm very very excited
about
have you heard of the steam boy no can
you use context clues to figure out what
the steamboat it's which is crazy why
would anyone not be big on handhelds
play a game at home let's huddle could
be playing a game and I may as well be
sitting on the couch on a big TV yeah
yeah but you know like don't you ever
like you go somewhere and have 10
minutes to kill and if I'm if I'm going
somewhere I've probably got other things
debaters speech down you know that's a
good point right yeah if I go places I
should really have something to do maybe
maybe I'm driving I can't play a game
while I'm driving I'm not driving on the
pasture that means I have somebody to
talk to
yeah sure oh yeah I guess I find more
reasons for - to play handheld games
I enjoy handheld games but if I have
time to kill I would probably either
rather either read a barn or like let's
do an audio board there's something like
that sure no I mean I like reading books
too but I you know the the idea of a of
a an easy the idea of an easy like pick
up and play on a tiny screen with less
powerful hardware yeah I'd rather just
play it I'm a big screen
yeah but like again imagine you're
somewhere like somewhere I'm daggered
playing against an aeroplane do you do
much aeroplane travel I would be reading
I I would bring a book on an airplane I
don't know what I could do I could not
get into a game
I use aeroplane Travel freaky forgetting
which button it is to fire I'm not good
at this game although I am now that I'm
understanding the that it is a the I now
that I'm understanding the roguelike
elements I'm getting into it's slightly
more plus what I want to play and I
spend the whole plane trip thinking I'm
going to die yeah so I don't I don't
think I'd beat using a game much I'd
just be like clutching the the armrest
where's Phoenix is Phoenix here today
confirmed for spikes confirmed for
stinks getting my affairs in order
that's what I do when I'm on an airplane
I get my internally I get my affairs in
order really you you do not your your
I'm convinced I'm going to die on that
plane you got fearful traveler hate it
really yep it's an it's a nightmare oh I
enjoy airplane travel it gets me places
faster well yeah yeah that's why people
take planes yeah
great great airplane travel if you die
on an airplane yeah you're you're not
remembered for your life
you're remembered for your gruesome
horrible demise yeah you're also
remembered for your life
you're no longer a human being a husband
a father your your that your that bloody
shoe that washed up on a beach when you
die in an airplane
why a bloody shoe because I saw a
picture of that once Oh God wreckage
yeah that's horrifying
that's like that person's whole life
everything they've ever done all their
hopes their dreams been reduced to a
bloody shoe oh you know what rich oh my
god no it's never gonna end
no well now I'm gettin it now I'm before
before I was looking at these as levels
you know like someone planned this level
you know and and it's designed in a
certain way and I think that affects how
I go into a game like if I think that
someone designed a level I'm looking for
the easiest way through the level the
most efficient route right I'm looking
for all the stuff that a designer would
put into it but now that I know that it
is procedurally generated I am taking my
time a little more going doing a little
more exploring before I was kind of
fighting the images haphazardly just
trying to get to the end of the level
where now I know I need to take my time
understanding how it works a little bit
more
to answer the chat they don't remember
you for your demise if you like die
peacefully in your sleep or you have a
heart attack when you're 85 that's just
you had a life and then you died you
died tragically and horribly I think
people remember the tragedy when they
think you what you when you when you
what you think of Natalie Wood not that
anyone of this chat has ever thought of
Natalie Wood you don't think of that
movie she's been in you you think of her
drowning in a plane and the suspicious
nature of her demise oh man no she's an
actress yeah when you think of Shanna
tape you think of crazy cult members
cutting out her fetus throwing it around
like a football that's what you think of
but you think of she had a tape I do I
have never thought of Channing Tatum
Sharon Tate or Shannon tape oh oh that
doesn't matter because she doesn't have
a name she's that woman that was
butchered by Charles sure sure I'm with
you I get I get what you're saying I get
what you're saying
in any case steamboy a tiny handheld
computer with the steam controller
attached to it that will play obviously
I'm excited I'm sad because I like like
like that guy 911 the picture that guy
falling off the building yeah his
nothing he ever did in life matters or
will be remembered other than that well
it was horrible horrible a few seconds
that's that's what his life has been
reduced to that's that's what his family
probably has to remember whenever he
comes up now oh yeah he was the guy they
drive out of the building don't want to
die tragically I don't I don't think you
got a choice you don't I just say okay
so here's the court does anyone does
anyone buy four died tragically
people people tend to like that in
fiction for some stupid reason the hero
dies and exploding in a giant factory
explosion that saved an orphan I don't
know sure-sure blaze of glory kind of
stuff yeah yeah bon jovi would want to
would want to go down in a blaze of
glory
you ever seen young guns yeah was that a
weird movie why would you call that
weird wasn't that the one where they
like we're Billy the Kid yeah
was an old man but then he was also cool
it was like cool all the cowboys but
they were young I don't think Billy the
Kid was an old man in those books no
yeah he wasn't home oh you know what
that is that's young guns no that's
young guns isn't it where's like the
reporter sees the old man on the side of
the road well second one that young
implying that he didn't die right oh
sorry you know what I always confuse
young guns and young guns too
that's just about me
Oh Jack confusing young guns and young
guns - again that's what they say about
me like all the time
yeah yeah we've reached the point in the
stream in which we're talking about
young guns quality yep
ever see the dual Jack the dual
Spielberg's first movie just feel Berg's
first movie now
so that yesterday you saw it yesterday
pretty good pretty good the ending sucks
a little because the movie has no idea
how how to end no so it just kind of
ends what is the premise of the dude a
guy cuts off this kind of crummy looking
semi truck thing with a giant flammable
taker on it he cuts it off and then the
driver the semi-truck fucks with him the
whole movie it kind of escalates and
gets gets almost like diddly really yeah
he like it cuts off the truck then the
truck just come screaming ahead of him
cuts him off the road
you know it's back at farm another bag
guy cuts off the truck again huh huh
I'll get you the truck starts trying to
run them off the road
Oh free jaws so something that's cool I
enjoy Spielberg in general that's my
general overall about Spielberg he's
good it goes on too long but it was
originally meant to be a TV movie so
they they added some padding after the
fact
No
Jetts saying 1971 1971 that's bill
burgers an old man as a surprise to no
one
MC Lucas says the truck driver is Syria
killer he has trophies in the form of
license plates oh yeah wait the steamboy
is not named steamboy they're calling it
the smash zero
really this man like I mean I guess I
don't even know if you can call this
teen boy there's probably some copyright
laws about naming your handheld gaming
device anything boy right no all right
I'm just gonna say stream is too classy
to do that oh I don't think steam has
any say in it I think it's one of those
steam boxes which which you know like no
matter what the Alienware steam box is
called you know they the XK 320 it's
always gonna be called a steam box right
you know what hold on I'm gonna have to
go get some water
I'll be right back all right you talk to
everybody about I'm gone
I I did not watch Christine with the
chat last night I actually went and
played some like rocket League and
whatnot I needed to play rocket League
I took the Burton I'm trying to get Jack
to stop this but unfortunately for
everybody
jack is starting to like this game so
we're all doomed forever and ever
everything is doomed you think I'm
doomed I think no you're we're we're
doing because you're starting to like
this game yeah I'm starting to like this
game see no matter what here's something
you should know no matter what rocket
league is happening tonight because I
really really want to play rocket League
briefing rich was shitting on rocket
League as well
when did I shit on rocket League you're
full of shit yeah you're full of shit
and you hear what you want to hear and
you don't hear what's actually happening
and you know fuck off fuck off turn the
stream off and and and fuck off you're
one of those idiots who who like lumps
being Jack's pinions together - I
thought because that always pisses me
off
yeah oh well yeah cuz you know like even
if we have very differing opinions on a
game get it so we're at first were you
like indifferent towards rocket League
or
hey I think I was pretty positive right
from saying it I want to say immediately
so we're out of food
yeah implants because you played it
first put down the fuckin controller I
reluctantly handed you the controller
yeah so I want to say right off the
get-go you were just like this is kind
of fun and then the more we played it
the more you loved it so I mean that
obviously means that you were shooting
on it all night I don't know I don't
know what you were thinking or why here
deal is but usually when someone
immediately loves a game what they're
actually saying everybody there that
night like even even Josh and Jay were
just like hey seems like a pretty cool
game even though they didn't play it you
know why cuz it is it's the it might be
the coolest game ever
it's it's a rocket League understands
multiplayer gaming like a lot of
multiplayer games don't understand
you fucked around what season mode at
all or just all all multiplayer so far
at me all multiplayer look up I have
been playing a couple four on four
matches which are insane and I'm on yeah
what is that what season mode and it's
single-player with with BOTS okay there
there are different teams that you put
you this more colors than just blew an
orange Jack what yeah yeah what white
one a gray one a purple one and is
basically are they're basically like
different challenges like yeah no I'm
just like it's like they just make teams
and you play through like a sports
season okay okay cool yeah I said I mean
it's kind of neat I'll get there
eventually I'll get there venture just
because I'm gonna keep playing
I'm getting it I'm getting it oh yeah
I'm picking up food crates here today to
talk about Oh have you seen ant-man no
you want to talk about him in are you
gonna see are you going to see him in
probably no I don't maybe maybe these
may be on video someday sure do you mind
if I talk you got spoil spoil the fuck
out of it I mean you know I can't
believe anyone is going to be surprised
you know like spoiler alert be damned
where it's just like have you seen Iron
Man
have you seen Captain America do you
understand that the basic premise is
there's a good guy and then there's a
bad guy with good guy powers but he's a
bad guy is it even worth talking about
what do you have to say about ant-man
mostly because I was you know like I
more more than any of us I was
definitely excited to see a men are more
curious than anyone else you know yeah
and it's all right like I really I
really enjoyed the action sequences all
of the ant-man II stuff like the
fighting and them hanging out with ants
and shit that was really cool I thought
that it was not funny which is upsetting
because it was supposed to be like the
funny Marvel movie yeah you know
director I thought that the only two
really funny bits wearing the trail halt
Rudd Paul Rudd Paul runs in and I love
Paul Rudd kind of shocked that it's not
it's not comedy at all well you know
it's it's cute and it's it's
it's like it has like a really like
joyful tone about it and it's it's light
and it's fun it's fun is what it is oh
god the only really the only two gags in
the whole movie that really work as gags
like that are funny you saw in the
trailer which over the the Thomas the
Tank Engine falling over you know like
they're they're small and the train is
gonna hit them and then they cut too
wide and it's just a toy tank or a toy
train right yeah and what's the other
good gag in it it's in the trailer it's
a funny bit in the trailer but it
doesn't matter that's it there's there's
oh my god what do you what are you even
doing in this game what's what's the
object well like for this level I need
to collect food supplies it's all the
same stuff which is basically to kill
all the bad guys and find all the find
all the treasure and then every level
has you know treasure
I some somehow I got a laser upgrade and
I did not want it sorry I'm really
trying desperately trying to think of
what that other gag was in the movie do
I have a favorite spider-man story arc
hey I think I think my favorite
spider-man moment is that that that
classic good go spider-man story him
looking up that that heavyweight when
he's pinned like that under Doctor
Octopus is underground base he's pinned
under this heavy machine and the water's
coming in on top of him and he just has
to lift a heavy thing but Steve Ditko
does such a great job of visual
storytelling with that sequence that is
probably my all-time favorite spider-man
moment just to answer that question it's
a good moment in spider-man but the
question was story arc spider it's not
about a story arc spider-man's about the
the the the life and times of Peter
Parker it's an ongoing thing I was
trying to help you out there trying to
help you out there keep talking about
this boring game jack know I had a
little more ant-man to talk about oh oh
I'm sorry I know you're dumb event I
thought you were done with that man
it was frustrating because I was trying
hard to think of the gag which by the
way tells you how great the gag was yeah
I just just cannot for the life of me
think of the funny thing that happened
in the funny movie sorry I thought your
entire point was that it wasn't funny
and that was terrible
I didn't know yet more oh I did it was I
wasn't trying to derail you I apologize
no that's all right
I decide us one more one more point
about the movie one you know so it was
fun but it was not funny the other point
about the movie is it seemed like half a
movie wait Jack I'm gonna interrupt you
one more time please I'm sorry I'm gonna
I have to do this so the first of the
chat saying maximum carnage thank you I
hope so I really fucking hope so that's
not real maximum carnage was fucking ass
yeah alright alright Batman Ant Man
Batman alright here we go and begin okay
so here's the thing so one of the big
point one of the big character plot
whatever's of the movie is Hank Pym
hires Paul Rudd to steal to steal the
bad guys ant-man
right yeah he has his good ant-man suit
and he's like Paul Rudd you need to get
the bad bad man does bad things with
yeah that's that's like the big thing
moving but what you might not know
Evangeline Lilly the lady okay is is his
daughter okay and she's really upset
that she's really upset that that he
hired Paul Rudd because she wanted to
use the ant-man suit okay and to stop
the bad guy from doing the bad thing
collected okay and she is really well
trained like she like knows karate she's
super in shape and she's working for the
bad guy like she oh my god well not not
like you know she's working as a double
agent for the bad guy to like gain intel
on how to get the bad guy ant-man suit
okay so she has an in in the company she
has martial arts training and is in
general a badass and she's just like I
want the ant-man suit so that um you
know I can do this and Hank Pym is like
no you're my daughter and I don't want
you to get hurt I want the schmuck to do
it okay and then you know in in a
typical story I guess what you know my
thought was I bet there's gonna be one
point here where like she has to put on
a suit
Oh oh fuck I thought I could die I did I
thought I could quick jump out yeah
there's like an exit but apparently you
have to clear out the bad guys before
you can quick jump out Wow yeah that's
upside I was doing I felt like I was
doing really well in that time so anyway
in in typical movie fashion right the
this this lady who's just like I can do
it too would find some reason to like
put on the ant-man suit and you know
save the day in the end and prove her
father wrong right yeah
but instead her father tells her no and
she listens well I like that space that
that helmets floating around at space
man it's cool yeah all right and that's
it she's like okay I guess I won't even
though I really want to I guess you're
right dad what she even fit in the suit
I mean there's like belt bits in there
it's kind of a loose fitting suit she
could probably finish she's a little
lady and roads not that big I guess it
was you mentioned create a superhero
with like a suit that's just hanging off
of them doesn't fit at all you know this
one oh the ant-man suit is not like skin
vinegar so fit the gloves right I keep
baking jerk and interrupting you you do
you're trying to be funny and it's fine
I know I am trying to be funny you
trying to be funny
yeah well I'll get to you no it's all
right you're only because you were kind
of interrupting me mid I made sighs I
apologize and admit that I'm a jerk and
so like the hard part for me is I just
want to finish up this rant and then we
can make fun of stuff wait the big rant
is I felt unsatisfied because this
character who wanted so much to prove
her worth just ended up saying okay I
guess I'll sit down I guess I don't have
to prove my worth and it's just like
yeah well it kind of sucks but it like
everything was leading up to her doing
something at the end even if it's you
know Barbara Gordon in Batman right
like she's doing what she does to help
the Batman right and it felt like her
character was building up to that and we
get nothing we got a little post credit
T's about her and that's it really
really unsatisfying and so like I think
that was part of the original script is
her being a bigger character and then
that was taken out what's what's the
post credit T's they don't know what are
they doing a wasp is she's the wasp yeah
cuz they they show the wasp suit and I
guess even though I've never wanted you
to put on this suit and I've warned you
against it my whole life I've actually
been making you a suit and it has little
lady bits in it to protect your lady
bits but that one will fit but that one
will fit so when I think she could fit
me and Mansu you know like it might be a
little snug in some places a little
dangling yeah she would not look
attractive in the end Man suit but I
think I think it would fit she though
she is significantly taller than both
Martin Sheen and Paul rod is she yeah
she looked like she was taller ha Martin
Sheen is that her name
using it on his Martin Sheen I'm super
talking about Pam Martin she yeah damn
is margine yeah I'm gonna give this one
more go
Charlie is the son Charlie is this you
know it was also Emilio Estevez nobody's
heard from since 1988 he's doing his own
thing Jennifer Lopez was that who who
was he with that wasn't Jennifer Lopez
it wasn't Jennifer Lopez oh wait wait
wait wait who's he with for ages you
know singer where you stuff on those
that okay no no way Gloria Estefan was
married to
in the Miami Sound Machine I almost
somebody famous
could be Sheena Easton Sheena I think so
but what I've none of this is good st.
Catherine zeta-jones is sure as all of
them Flicka this relationship I'll talk
about I am I'm talking about Michael
bugs do all done got Lea dual actually
that somebody before done got Lee said
tall Abdul and by the way none of this
matters because Michael Douglas isn't
you can tell how much attention I
haven't paid forgot I forgot who was
Hank Tim right right
so it's like overall I am man I don't
think is that good like it's alright no
I did not enjoy just based on what I saw
it looked okay ish wish is I don't rush
out to the theaters to see a movie that
looks okay issue yep yeah you know what
it was it was kind of Thor territory
fine I put it slightly above Thor just
cuz I give two shits about Thor and this
had Paul Rudd in it so it's like
slightly above four level in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe how do you feel about
Thor the full movie oh it's okay yeah
yeah I didn't bother staying the second
one how's that
mmm cares about the Southworth chris
hemsworth it really cares about their
yes comes with their help earth and i
mean i say that we known from now to the
end of time yes no matter what movie he
does Thoreau is forever Thor and he will
be grateful that he is forever darkest
comic conventions having the facts for
baddest yeah it's also called whatever
pays the bills when he's old and
desperate he's got a fallback yep he was
in real movies - he was in that Ron
Howard race car me just so wrong that's
fine I just don't care about him him and
his brother his brother is also in the
Chad movies what Jennifer Lawrence in
the movie in the post apocalypse where
she's an archer
Chris Hemsworth the helmsworth little
brother is that quite post-apocalyptic
so much society post-apocalyptic I mean
I become dystopian dystopian you know
what you're right that's the better
that's the better way just fuck
ellipticals when people go nuts they
start wearing like change and and
leather and then they whatever whatever
whatever car parts they could strap
together that's what they drive but well
that's just Mad Max Mad Max is the
prototype post-apocalyptic movie so yes
that is Madison
hi dystopian that's a that's a much more
appropriate word yeah III I'd say the
difference is then in post-apocalyptic
there was next to no society left sure
in distillers unhappy Society there's a
lot of society but it's not very happy
so it's kind of like day I know I like
it I like it
there's unhappy society I do want to I
want that out forever to be called
unhappy society Pizza train 11 says
post-apocalyptic is one people watch
Jack play this game for an hour this is
my last run tonight yeah now that I get
it it took me a while to get it go go
Speed Racer the Speed Racer movie I like
the Speed Racer me see the Speed Racer
moving oh no no I wasn't thinking about
moving I was just the style of this game
oh yeah 70s 70s anime that's some Speed
Racer
go go speed we are doing the thing we're
doing we are doing the thing in which we
are doing and now we are doing it faster
go speed go
odo Racer X is on your trail he's going
to crash ah speed I love you think's got
creepy I was doing that was my that was
my impression of a Speed Racer character
that was your impression of speed
racer's father telling Speed Racer that
he's in love with him yes that's what
that was yeah yeah so yeah just sayin
just sayin
just you're just sayin a lot of it got
inappropriate inappropriate when I say
that it's really inappropriate I make
jokes about 911
do they do this I can't really hear the
audio do they is their dialog like Speed
Racer in this kind of the way they talk
yeah yeah like they talk they talk at
each other and yeah do all sorts a sort
of wacky stuff they got to go all in
with the bit theme style theme oh I
think they're in it I think they're in
it I see the crystal it's too big to fit
in cargo you're gonna need to shoot it
and you're going to die you look like
you're going to die yeah I'm on one hell
I have not mastered like moving this can
be better if instead of in these caves
it was more of an open environment or at
least for variety in the environments
and I think I think a lot of that is
just me not progressing visually things
seem very uninteresting which is
shocking because skulls of the Shogun
has just visuals have so much character
and
I agree I agree with you
I agree with your basic assessment
target destroyed it's like a it's like a
slow paced action game yes where you're
not very maneuverable well you know I'm
playing it I'm playing it cool
definitely it's like you're flying a
brick I'm playing a brick yeah yes that
is that is appropriate people look
fantasize about flying the brick I think
that's the problem this game yeah but
you're a bridge fighter ships what do
you think yeah but when you think
spaceships just because of the culture
we live in yeah
fast agile dodging and spinning that's a
good trick do a barrel roll
you can't oh god I can't control what
I'm doing that well I was doing a barrel
roll I was doing it like a super awesome
barrel roll it was great
all right I'm playing rocket League now
this is what's happening because I died
okay
let me up I'm gonna keep my in the chat
and look for all of the in caps
give me a second everybody give me one
damn second

[Part II]
everyone is welcome broccoli do we do we
remember how to I was mucking about with
my car I don't like this car I find this
with the boys earlier and they wanted to
design my car so they designed this one
oh and I don't like it my dad so first
thing I'm gonna do I can't I can't see
it yet you'll see it in a second I don't
like it I think it's ugly
have we ever confirmed that it's just
cosmetic oh yeah it's all cosmetic oh
it's not that bad I don't I don't like
it I don't like it
here's what I was rocking before I I
like the car I think it's called venom
okay I go for like a darker blue the
decal I use the wings and I use a either
nearly black much darker blue or black
secondary color mm-hmm
and III rock a halo and a pirate flag
like I like a lot of them like this is a
really cool one this uh paladin but but
here's what here's what I like to do I
like to get the van put the stars on it
we go like right here like mid blue just
the deal seat up for this out yet the
DLC is out I didn't get it how much is
it I'm curious you know what I didn't
even look
because they added they edit they had it
wasn't even DLC they did add like a
course oh yeah that just came with it
like this I try to make the gaudiest
ping-pong I make the gaudiest thing
possible this is what I like to do
really I like the subtle tjak subtle
it's not like and then you know what I
like
did you get slime yet for your rocket
boost oh I hate that fucking yeah just
slime it up but then you put on the
devil horns right and then the America
flag and what you got what you got is
Texas this is my Texas man just a big
ugly van with with bull horns spewing
sludge right this is my big obnoxious
Texas fan would it be sludge or would it
be just some kind of something horrible
for the environment just smoke just pure
blacks well you know sludge is less
subtle and I'm not going for subtlety
here this is my business is my America
fuck yeah man I don't know if you've
gotten for the rocket trails there's
also grass which is kind of amusing oh
that is funny I haven't got money
I do have I do have money and I think
money's funny I like I have confetti and
I also sometimes use the green laser
bolt like if you want to go to Texas you
go for like rich oil take home Texas and
have money but
oh yeah so do I need to
do I need to create a party in order to
how do we ever figure out how to make a
private matter it does not matter here
if you do a party I'd imagine to keep
everyone together sure someone of the
chat asked missed the name there are
different colors on the slide there are
not different colors in this line you
know actually I didn't check hold on
okay I don't believe there are different
dogs on this line but if there are there
might be more unlockable if you might
have gotten it yet unless you're not
sure you have unless you have everything
unlocked oh I don't I know and there's
so much more like exhaust no is there is
there any way for for somebody who's has
the game on Steam to join your party
I would totally join the shit I thought
I had heard that they use the same
servers yeah but I don't you know I
don't know anyway I could find you I
don't know possibly if I create a
private match I can do a name and
password and that was joinable let me
fire that game up this could be great
okay hey fire it up I'll get the name
and password ready the name is prereq
all lowercase all one word no underscore
just prereq just pretty right that's
pretty good we have got the worst
president in the United States history
thank you for remembering that story
where's my story you say yeah anyone
playing on the ps4 or possibly Steam I'm
gonna make this name and password and
that's how you can join and then we'll
just we'll just change it up every once
in a while Wow god dammit Mouse I'll be
like hear utopia Coliseum that's pretty
good
prereq put on random somebody's seed
budget once I do that I'm ready I'm
ready for the passport yet okay let's
see how the password is going to be
prereq all one word oh it's the exact
same as the as the name and I just
created it I just click unable to find
server okay
hold on searching for private match in
you se okay ready
now this is joining prereq yeah
joining prereq I'm in you're in I'm in
it to win baby ice that's awesome that's
awesome that we can do this yeah there
you are charred and coals here MC Lukas
Saavik that's awesome rich that you
alright you're playing on PC I'm playing
on ps4 this is the future this is what
it always should have been
this is what it always should have been
I'm just gonna Auto
is it happening is it happening it's
happening it's gonna be hacked it can't
be hacked
you 3 V 3 V 3
no it's 4 4 4 ok some more people can't
join yeah and then you know prereq
prereq and then we'll play a couple
games and then ask badda if anyone had
its play that you drop out so other
people can join of course you know try
to make it fair button
well first touch for such bad touch is
the best game ever
yes nice score Jack my score oh fuck
yeah ok I felt good about that what the
fuck is this northern this is rocket
League it is it's a okar soccer is it
rocket car giant soccer I like to think
of them as real cars not remote-control
cars they're clearly remote-control cars
but it's it's rocket car soccer and it's
great and it's ridiculous and I'm
absolutely 100% in love with it right
now oh oh you fucker crossguard you blew
me up you son of a bitch
everyone's gonna be racing to blow you
up yeah fucking blow me up oh good job
you saved my ass
fearful sludge boy in with the save are
you on my team rich yeah I think so nice
I had the assist when you scored so I
would hold you know it like feel for if
you're full slug boys playing goalie
right now and it's like playing goalie
is always a weird thing because it works
when somebody's good I can't do it I'm
terrible at it well and you're never
quite sure if someone is gonna drop back
and play goalie so it's like you know a
lot of times I'll head back there and
someone's already there but then they'll
leave and they won't do it the whole
game for some reason I won't do it the
whole game I'm just awful at Sarah
all right sometimes the best right Oh
best strat is just to kind of hang back
oh no I missed oh nice a bridge thank
you you were there
get out of there rolling it rolling it
into enemy territory and so that's the
thing we're about this game is even do
like you can be flips and shit
and that's what makes me like kick the
ball in and it's the most fun everyone
needs to get this game and play this
game if you have ever ever loved the
multiplayer gaming if you've ever played
Mario Kart they're golden I love this
I'm shocked is this the first
multiplayer game that you've ever loved
I loved yep
I've tried multiplayer a few times and
it's always been on god I hate playing
with assholes sure like and what so what
is it about this one do you think is it
just like is it just like the quickness
of the games the kind of yeah that helps
the randomness of the like you know
because there is definitely skill
involved the uniqueness of the concept I
think helps sure
soccer with rocket cars I'm not hurt
feel first London we've got here
oh crap I overshot everything that were
shot but like there is a skill element
and there is a random luck element to it
where that ball will sometimes go crazy
places now oh shit
trying to kick it all the way I think
I'm just getting the centering pass oh
you got it you got oh well I totally
fucked a bad angle
I had a horrible end yep yep oh here we
go here we go my fucking score so fuck
off
Stassi Waker soccer so I need to say
wanker yes all the time I mean you
should just say wanker oh that's fun
wanker that's true that's true Len fly
Kaczynski we are still playing with
assholes but you know the good asshole
but that's the thing about this game
where it's like I'm sure you might be
playing with assholes and you know you
might just lose games because your
teammates suck but like it just doesn't
seem to matter as much just because it's
so fun
oh nice got it good to get it to him oh
I better get the assistant oh I got the
assist I got the assist on that check
this out toss it to you rich from half
court staff sport whiz kid that's what
we call them that's what a goalie is
nice you're what my food plate said a
food truck like what that was a full
truck this is my food truck I go fool oh
no I should have I should have hung back
and played boy that was on them I wasn't
adding I was fucking around rich and and
that was 100 percent on me I mean we're
still winning but that was doing when I
play goalie they call me the whiff so I
don't I don't I don't play goalie the
whip the whip
Saavik get off me
Oh sometimes like you you just want to
make shots that you know you physically
can yep I love it but it's just so
satisfying flipping around in shit why
I'm like the dollar sign antenna like
alright one more than and then we'll
switch out people one more then we'll
switch that people that was a good game
everybody good game gg gg gg everybody
it's car soccer no like your king is ass
oh my god
well also I'm streaming no no saving
things like two hundred and sixty-four
Nord Lum it's not just car soccer it's a
rocket car soccer that's the important
part that you need to understand
he's like because car soccer would be
interesting enough but it's a rocket car
soccer so you jump and have rocket
boosters yeah while playing soccer
standing some people online are really
good at this game that I'm not good at
this particular move but you can
actually fly up the air for a short
period of time yeah I did go and play
the tutorial am I ever going to do a
multiplayer match of XCOM against rich
no I never played X down again
it probably won't happen I'm not saying
I'm never ever ever gonna play ex-con
but it just is probably not gonna happen
if I'm gonna be honest
if I'm gonna be honest with myself and
with you
get center good center consider oh
that's a nice flavorful sludge boy read
it or do fucked up my shot I clip my
shot but that's what you're supposed to
do exactly sometimes if you make noise
it out of my face tip it down the field
on my own knocked it in saw that rich
that was look at that classic Ridge
right there it's a wall flippin magic
to some wall flippin magic oh I know
sometimes I find myself just riding on
that wall for way too long because he
can hang it back I'm hanging back but
he's kind of ganging up on that ball and
the shot emphasis MC Lukas was on that
so hard look at that look at him backing
up lining it up and boom
mr. I don't even know if I've hit the
ball once this dam and yet I still am
having fun
showers might hit the ball you because
you might hit the ball exactly
you wished I got it here I gotta hear
you help me out now I want it bad enough
if I flip hard enough I'm gonna get you
were there you weren't up you weren't up
to it
MC Lukas stepped in well I was there I
was living for back see if he missed ya
you know what you would have but it
again and yes I agree the stream is much
more fun now but we also have to play
new games too we can just you know play
we just want to be right now that's okay
as long as people like watching let's
play I think it's okay sure no it is for
now what do you know like just remember
there are new games out there and they
might be good and we need to do it can't
be one game ponies all
Oh oh my god we're how do you guys get
down the field so fast you guys are just
everywhere
ah tried to put it in what yeah and I
thought the ball might keep going a
little further so I I was like down the
field then I'd it's just like I just
whipped oh crap oh crap oh crap oh shit
oh shit
get out of here with that
no no bad angle bad angle yeah you got
it you got it out of the corner yeah I
could have had a shot I could have had
clean clear open shot oh sorry I just
knocked it out like I saw everyone
coming in for the ball I head-butted it
out into the wall everything's fine Oh
that was a sick save is there a baby
sick
hey we won again okay so anyone who was
playing dropout and and some news let's
wait wait ten seconds or actually
because of delay wait 30 seconds yeah
and try any case there isn't anybody
else who wants to be it yeah but let it
give other people a chance to play but
uh but yeah thank you oh you guys are so
nice look at how look at how nice they
are rich giving everyone a chance that's
all right thanks guys we really
appreciate an artbook I mean except for
I mean our team won but you know you
guys have you guys are pretty close to
being winners huh fearful for sludge boy
that was on our team the first time
mm-hm
Jack whatever you want I don't know it
doesn't it randomized it yeah you can
join one of the other
oh I'm just cooking Otto your honor I'm
going orange sure I'm blue okay oh oh
here we go Jack versus rich yeah for all
the glory
Tim Jack let's just seem rich oh my god
team jack gets one
yeah
the femur it's good first goal so I
fucked somebody behind me probably gonna
go up it in I ended up in a way that's
all my food all my fault you can't see
who's behind you
I didn't know there was backup coming
I'm gonna just come back
no Richard got it yeah okay come on team
Jack we gotta stop farting around
mostly me I need to stop farting around
I get so excited whenever I just jump or
eat shit I'm hanging back I'm hanging
back I'm gonna be going shit shit
I'm not going anymore
my face
oh shit did you get it teammate did
praise the Sun motherfucking praise this
side
we're showing up in the game is player
eight something I immediately abandon
the goal because I suck coming there we
go save saved it go try to go I guess aw
I guess I hate it when you're on a
rocket I'm gonna be here are you here
for the goalie team goalie I'm here for
support
ow missed
there you keep going get out of here
okay get back to my goalie position here
goalie position my save orange nice save
I had a midfield Sean I had to abandon
my goalie position because I had a
really nice midfield shot as I'm racing
back to my goalie position right now or
gets in there right now uh-oh
right now I put this goalie shit goalie
good but I failed
I just love it as like every single card
jumps for the same doll you know
nope give me a big fun one nope already
nope nope
8:8 charred yeah yeah I saw it I saw you
with
okay getting real now come on come on oh
fucking whiffed fucking whiffed oh me
too me too
had a shot at redemption
and I shout out with tension
hey hey no hey no hey no hey no hey no
can't see play ball play ball
hey ball okay here we go just get it
over get over here get over here too
much over here I wasn't fast enough
that wasn't fast enough
one minute remaining it just can't be a
shutout that's the rule I mean victories
most certainly yours now all we're doing
is hoping that it's not a shutout it's
all we're doing
I shut right wait Noah right now I don't
know whatever your name is
my said we know it now oh wow okay not a
shut up not a shutout that's all we want
that's all we need but that works now
this is this is becoming embarrassing
okay
okay all I need is one goal 32 seconds
32 seconds and one doll
no you can't be done yet seven five
three two
like a UFO antenna hi one more game guys
one more game one more game and then and
then we'll switch it up again terrible
right now uh I mean I'm sure that may
mean something but oh well that you know
what that is that's disheartening when
you what you who it's like that yeah go
on go on because then you never know
what you're gonna get okay I figured
once we should be in the opposite team
just oh sure get some excitement going
well yeah we need that Oh
it's three versus three now if somebody
wants to join back in then that's weird
prereq be wreck three very right name is
prereq passport is prereq all lowercase
all one word but I jumped on it I didn't
know you were right there I kind of
stole that goal from you kind of
don't happen I do that accidentally
right but hey we're on the same team
we're all playing the same game we're
just rocket Leegin we're just rocket
Iligan you don't know what's go no
really I don't seem very blown up Jack I
know I missed it oh no oh nice block
nice block
Saavik
Oh out
who's that
fucking doohickey
Oh nice bounce
nice bounce well that was going in it's
also just amazing the amount of ball
control you can have with a
rocket-powered car no no no no oh crap
oh yeah thank you right now
you got my damn
get out of my jam rich close 100 bicycle
hit
I said well hits are hard but they're
only worth 5 points well so useless well
they're use them I stopped that momentum
with that bicycle
yep
oh nice save player 337 that was very
impressive
praise the Sun huh oh is that player
through Thursday that was a nice volley
nice volley everyone we don't lost that
point but I feel good about losing that
point yeah you earned that you all
earned that all right let's do this
Oh boom same that was me being goalie
go shopping lis hard in this game I I
think so
other people I've seen people are
extremely good at it though oh sure sure
what just means I suck I think right oh
no no no the worst save ever
oh wait Hickey wait till you see that
replay
look I'm changing it first time oh I
know but I just sit knock it out of the
way you gotta get the rebound Oh
terrible I blame myself for that
oh wait no
everybody bicycle
whoa whoa everybody we settle down Oh
team team Jack is not doing well
okay everybody drop out now Jack with
the assist layoffs Krieger
all right everybody give everyone else a
chance to play and then and then we'll
do it again
then we'll just do it again I think
everyone should get at least at least
two before they have the drop Bob didn't
we give him too I thought that was the
second some people I think what was the
first okay well yeah everyone that's a
good rule everyone gets two games yeah
two games then jump out let other people
get a chance to come in if nobody else
comes in absolutely as long as you take
a break that's a good that's a good wall
wrench I like that I like it and I like
rocket League why is this game just so
much fun oh no team rich to team jack
zero into a competition all right just
Auto it up that's that's the thing about
this game is you know that's the thing
about multiplayer gaming in general if
sometimes you just it just doesn't work
and that's you have to be ok with that
it's all worth it for that one shot for
that one play for that one
moment
No No out of the way huh you you almost
knocked it into the goal that was you
come on we got this we got this
wait no dude we checked we don't but we
might
we don't oh god oh god I'm out of juice
we're here
and I mean we were kind of all there but
yeah nice
I mean I hit it off of you and
individual but that's fun fun if you
want to take credit for that I think
that's fine that's that's acceptable
it was a team effort Jack
here we go here we go now here we go
here we go here we go now oh crap
hey bad like when it bounces off someone
all right all right we got this
oh snap it was a good shot that was just
too fast
that was straight on look at this that's
scored one on team free rec look at that
up and down I had no I have no chance to
move T prereq vs T movie Dix
I don't know I don't know if dick
neutral owns the game or what his name
would be if he does I'm just gonna say
it's Team prereq there's just t movie
experience
okay
ow fuck fuck did I miss that one hard
and you missed it - oh we all missed it
team prereq getting taken down
we're here rocket llegan apparent this
is much more exciting than been galaxy
so everyone's happy and that's all that
matters everyone
Oh
early
get up
oh no oh did we okay well it's not a
shutout but yeah we're losing a hard
rich and oh sorry that's okay
sar card you know what you don't have to
be good at a game to enjoy it how about
that
oh my god explosions
danger my arts all your fault just
because I happen to be looking at your
name like everything I knew your info
guy so you better get your shit together
if you don't want to be the fall guy
certainly not richer I know it's not
like the time I almost knocked it to the
goal I mean and we all saw that that's
that's not to blame oh ah fucking booyah
that was a great job that was a long
shot
that was nice that was pretty cool that
was nice that was nice that makes it
worth it we can come back we got a
minute we got a minute 18 we can come
back for this two to four is nothing
nothing
oh here we go we're gonna set up set up
set up and boom oh sweet fucking boom
three or four we got a minute
I'm in a 10 we got this guy's team
prereq coming back at you I'm gonna come
back look at all of us all three of us
all three of us hit that at the exact
same time it was great sometimes smart
thing is just not getting in your
teammates way right
back in the Senate back in the center
coming in the center little defense we
got a minute you got a minute
lot can happen in a minute
mr. we all miss well miss check we all
missed oh my god three of us just
whiffed it right in a row come on guys
get our shit together half a minute here
there we go back in the center for years
get it
is it Jack fucking boom fucking Jack
you're killing it
that trick hat trick you know what we
call that a comeback we call that a
comeback ten seconds here guys we got
this ten seconds we got this we can do
it we can do this if it goes into
overtime that's fine do what you can do
it you came you can do this I believe in
you your heart is pio overtime let's go
here for that buddy the ruination of the
enemy in the lamentation of the women
it's fine it's fine it's fine okay to
see our enemies virtue before you in the
blood
I'm just gonna keep quoting Conan
no no what is happening by the way
you've been absolved Oh a fire we made
the comeback say you're absolved what
happened there what even happened there
a total breakdown I just decided in
overtime a nice shot by fearful slug boy
nice right a clutch performance you like
team prereq yeah we made it interesting
we we tried to mount the comeback Mike
conan sounds Jamaican I just forget I I
forgot all the things that he says in
Conan to see enemies crushed before you
the mountains crumble disease
emendations of the women the women when
you do the garden right sorry okay here
we go
you never know when that balls gonna go
after the first hit gotta love it all
right we got the talents
it's not have a complete societal
breakdown this time
well I'm on the other team so you can
have a complete societal breakdown if
you walk on it but but whose pride is
sweeter that's that's the important
question that is be important question
and it's mine it's my America truck
it's my America truck is on fucking
point you guys got it we're doing nice
you got it back sorry
do Ricky oh whoa we're on it this time
there's there's no gettin around you
know you know who's not on our team this
time who's not on our team this time
maybe a little dead weight Wow
competitive Cyrus I think head the head
I'm kind of beating you right now
probably yeah you're probably you're
probably much better at this than oh I'm
not gonna say that I probably got a ways
to go on this head you should see me try
and play going it's embarrassing
I'm going in right now
I'm going it up oh did you go with that
well I stopped you oh damn I stopped
cold oh I enjoy it every time you say
okay
ah
what was that just ready on Fry Oh God I
was on the other end of the field
oh yeah Thirteenth leave her get out of
my gym or gym him well Oh
just out of reach just out of reach -
everything's fine everything's fine
everything's fine everything's fine
go for it
get there get there what happened clay
dough blew me up you
nice doohickey 213th Libre that's a nice
look that's the that's the way you do it
one of you gets it right in front the
other just comes barreling in you know
from the side barreling that's the the
classic assists to go right there
classic you know fuck right off I do and
I can do it I can write write it right
in the center that's it just like that
one of you sweeps around just get it in
front ago I think they call that Center
ball you get a little point from that
you get a little point for that and then
ball Center ball well yep yep that was
uh that was the first name for this game
was Center ball I'm not really exciting
with test markets people weren't really
digging that nice goalie work oh fuck
coming back at you coming back at you
nope nope nope
as brake only work that was like kicks
it out and then Otis is like nope I
think we like it back in that guy
alright teamriche we got two minutes
hey two point deficit hey no we can do
this shit hey now hey now we could
totally do this shit everybody explodes
who blew me up I did everybody blew
everybody happen I think like three
people exploded there
oh fuck
good
Oh again I like the classic the classic
from the side in the front that danger
someone everyone was just blowing each
other up over there that was an easy
goal all right guys we got this we got
this we can do this strong lead strong
lead strong hearts strong hearts feel
the rhythm feel the rhyme
it's bobsled time oh my god oh my god I
got inspirational quotes for days you
don't even know let's go anyone come on
one two three triple deke flying D
motherfucker you got this Emilio Estevez
Mighty Ducks
Oh No get it out of our damn
nice
don't don't Oh
you believe them feel that I boom right
we saw who here saw Cool Runnings great
great movie
Jackie classic based on a true story
based on a true story about a boxing
channel
Oh fuckin robbed the time cuz you know
I'm fuckin on fuckin on hot right now I
got I got the rhythm is gonna move me
the rhythm is a dancer
just keep talking about Cool Runnings
friendly that's your magic
remember in Cool Runnings when they were
trying to like be like the German
bobsled team and so they'd be like I
mean but anything it's a it was from the
movie
I wouldn't help there's this really like
important part to cool roaming so
obviously like if you have been playing
to goes drop out and let someone else if
you just played one play again but uh so
this is part in Cool Runnings
where the Jamaican bobsled team sees the
German bombs the team and they're like
really ripping it up right there bobsled
in their hearts out and so they try to
copy them like the way that they start
their bobsled they go yeah I designs it
whatever German is right and and the
Jamaican bobsled team tries to do that
to try to be like them but then they
have to find their own way so then it's
feel the rhythm the other I'm come on
so that a double whiff that was a that
was a myth I think close people from
everyone I hit it I didn't win oh my god
who's that lady lady lady teeth
lady teeth all up in it look at that cat
lady lady teeth are in the door next
round I want somebody to join the match
whose name is Lady cheetah that's all I
want
I think he cannot seem oh yeah cuz you
know Steam's better oh nice okay
incompetent saved us weave orcs
incompetence team dicks not starting off
so hot the Sun is the opposite team just
always team imitates yes even if
everyone on that team has never joined a
movie dicks night
I agree dick neutral I like this dating
this is one of my favorite Stadium yeah
this is the new one with the update I
know is it it's great should see it
before it could have been a horrible
coincidence but it's new to me yeah this
visit you know why I like this is just
because everything's so clean like I'm
not distracted by anything yeah the
other ones like have like what
everything is like weird sci-fi II
almost this is it's bricks yes nice some
nice-looking bricks pewter bricks
you know you turn me to get a tenner get
it Center get it Center
I was waiting I was waiting for the old
center cinema Guzzi that's what you call
center my goose is enemy Gugu someone
hits it from the side and then someone
else comes barreling right down the
center something to be said for dead
dead center from the get-go there
something to be said for that
Stu Hickey with the huge sale huge thing
Wow I really thought I had that I was
getting my bag already yeah lady
terminators again lady terminators
processed for my butt look at that
beautiful centering pass beautiful I
mean it's beautiful that's beautiful
rich that was writing that's exactly how
you do it rich you've got it just get it
Center unless someone else barrel the
fuck down
Oh God oh my god whipped so hard and
then I've knocked into my teammate
they're terrible goalie make up for it
right now yes get it on their side Lady
Terminator sorry I'm out of juice it's
okay okay oh my god this could make it
and this could be yes the object that
was complete accidents you that was a
complete accident you take credit for
that okay
let's say it's gonna head her off the
wall into the net I mean that was ways
to awesome everyone be like oh my god
jack is so fucking good at this game
that was way too awesome to be on
purpose all I was trying to do is get
sent in with it for the center migizi
but
you know sometimes that works
rocket oh my gosh
I wasn't flying in the air shit I'm
talking about you see that that was that
was amazing lady terminator that was
awesome
terminators got the skills terminators
on it I'm glad that's some magic Tim Tim
movie decks I got no fucking chance no
fucking chance not against lady
terminator next round everybody versus
lady turret I don't know if we can do
that but I mean if you can I mean some
people could defect does anything just
you know they'll be the color blue but
just try to get it in your own goal and
it's lady generator versus it's not even
fair it's not even fair we're gonna look
what he does super that's a super
hat-trick that's a super that's super
awesome well no that's not a hat-trick I
got one in it's the golden sombrero we
go oh yeah don't take away my one go
rich my accidental gold lady Tomi her
still got 400
lady terminated you're insane
Oh guys look at this they just know the
diamond Fez but diamond without the hell
what's more outlandish than a sombrero
sir anything more outlandish than a
sombrero because we're beyond what
beyond sombrero for lady terminated yeah
you know what at least a sombrero is
somewhat practical at the Diamond Cat in
the Hat hat no this sounds too down
believe it that doesn't work I like the
diamond fence I think that works diamond
fest yeah because the Fez is a stupid
hat as it is it serves no practical
purpose you know like it doesn't like
protect you from the Sun or shit like
that oh my god I can't believe in this
thing you got Lady Terminator was
backing off letting us score a point
that's why the lady Terminator rested
squirrel be damned point I think I just
knocked it out of Lady terminators wave
we're defecting lady Terminator out of
the air can i play too
hey guys I got my stick ring playing
stickball right good game
oh gee yes lady Terminator was the top
get out of here you two good I love it I
said we're doing everyone versus later
two you get two you get through I know
so what are we really doing everyone
versus lady Terminator that's okay it's
a finisher all right let's not do that
well that's okay let's not do that that
sounds like a good place lady tomato
okay yeah lady Terminator gets five
goals again yeah
then it's done if everyone versus then
it's one of us and Lady Terminator
against everybody so two on four one and
everyone's a bit absurd sir
yeah you're probably right okay well the
normal game normal game normal game it's
Lady Terminator
you better get you better your five
goals this'll be me and or maybe you're
Jack and u-verse everyone else well now
there's Bernie it's really unfair
that's fine
get out of my jam guys all up in my jam
that's one come on guys let's do this
let's defend defense
oh those that about defects
no no wise for that or you know we
scored that I'm honest I don't even
notice 13 flavor this comes in a new
boom back to writing
Oh
when it's hitting me rich well that's
what they try to do
are you like I like it just fine I like
it I like it well you know Lady
Terminator I saw I saw the lady
Terminator jet off yeah oh good job now
it's your turn to score five goals
whoever scores five goals we're against
you that's the rule
oh my god almost oh my god oh no wait
orange that doesn't count
that's - oh my god it's - I think even
Lady Terminator would say that doesn't
count because that was assisted by
claiming you know what for our purposes
it counts okay all right that's
embarrassing
when you have when you have a nice hit
and then you know like someone from the
other team assists it in
Oh No Oh No
save
either get out of here
just getting real and real out of
control get it over here get it over
here we got this lady terminator
you small I deduce I got a little bit of
juice left that was a nice boy nice play
everybody look at that Oh beautiful
beautiful right nice shot nobody's
better passer huh better I barely got
that in exam obviously schmuck and I was
coming out of the wrong angle at first I
had to change things up and you made it
though he made it it was it was good
pass good hit
Oh
lady terminated now you're trying to
show off Oh can't get past the
clusterfuck of cars
okay
that's me being out of juice oh well we
all saw an average yeah I know no hiding
from that I just happened to be looking
at you when it's super whipped it
Oh
grab o3 what does it only two okay Oh MC
Lucas house MC Lucas
good job MC your team is killing it this
time
I know I know
all right oh no no no L whippy the rich
bump assist look at this oh my god LLL
into the ball trust me happen I saw it I
believe that you rear-ended anyone
you'll believe that I reread that
anyone's ass
Oh son of a-- that was my phone that was
my fault entirely
look at this I knock it I'd knock it
right there I knock it right there that
was my point to lose eight you know what
I'm embarrassed
yeah you're embarrassed for us I'm
embarrassed about that one is what I've
embarrassed about I did it I did it
that was mine
No who was that he's good man 13th
thirteenth's go down no he's not
anything she is here she else that's the
thing you get a button you can trust
yeah there it is there sorry 13
out here get it up see the domination
oh they're wellness is happening
the terrible an aiding
oh my god later is blocking through the
air beautiful it's a beautiful and
terrible sight just not lady Terminator
flying through the air
I have enough juice that didn't blow you
up what does that we did that bounced up
did that bounced off a favorite yeah
well I mean you did the right thing
which is bad luck
everything is terrible lady - oh I'm
glad we should not hit that last one in
all right play to make room lady
Terminator was played to Lady Terminator
has played to AB get the five goals lady
Terminator congratulations lady cheetah
by the way let's just congratulate Lady
Terminator on being amazing amazing job
lady Terminator lady cheetah on being
called Lady boots off
you got some amazing ladies tonight you
got some amazing ladies tonight mr.
giant smile yeah come on in let you know
as we're just letting people uh yeah if
there's room no and you can always come
back you know like after you've played
twice you can come back after you know
wait wait around unless you're unless
your lady terminator then you know wait
we'd like to because okay let's let the
children play never fun
relatively speaking I stand by that ya
know as he should
that was some rocket air shenanigans
yeah
he's got that done where you go like
this quiet
I should probably pay attention enough
time that's like that's like Brett Favre
playing like amateur football it's if
it's Aaron Rodgers joining a beer league
yeah is what that is being shy smile
around that we were way up on it rich
first touch
I'm sorry for cyber abrir ending you
whoever that was I kind of knocked you
out of the way and I feel bad about it I
wasn't trying wasn't trying look at that
dick move by me complete dick moves yeah
that was and we all saw it it's on
camera
we all saw it ripped and you're gonna
have to live with that I I will I'll hop
a my dreams yeah okay our was Jack
almost set what do you know most look
I'm gonna get it oh it's this I got the
assist that's good enough I got a sweet
stop and move but I did a bicycle check
this out ready and bicycle boom stop it
Thirteenth comes in there boom easy
peasy lemon squeezy
wide open wide open I didn't see
somebody on the neck not not wide open
but there's a decent chance this is wide
open this is wide open
Oh God I didn't I got blowed up you guys
straight up blow it up yes straight up
blow it up I just wish I got blowed
instead much nicely I just Jack R it's
potty mouth Evans yeah I heard you call
them
let's do this let's do this let's do
this
now yeah I stopped my rocket it just
didn't do anything if I'm like hitting
it with your rocket works less than like
doing trying to bicycle kick it did not
work take it I have not seen a bicycle
kick do anything effective well you know
like the flip I think like if you catch
it on the right part of the flip that
can really send it flying not a bicycle
not a bicycle almost never works but
it's like catching on the right part of
the flip
you got jarred jerk oh that's too hot
chart chart
it was too high I gotta jump to earlier
would have just been an air ball I
would've been a with my middle ball
would have been just over my head
no more says I was amused by me calling
you chart instead of rich ah weird it's
weird it's weird here when you say that
out loud
yeah that's normally what Karen calls me
oh okay it's not real it's not a bedroom
name which is what she calls me
goodness it's not quite the equivalent
of a sweetie
sure or its snookums sure snookums never
well nobody I'm sure said some time I
think I would look down on someone if
they called another person's Oh
oh the police the police are coming
right they know you've been playing they
know you've been playing and they don't
like it they're on the other team
don't even think about it lady Tita you
get out of here
oh my god Oh if every time lady t-top
scored it started playing lady to top
like if they knew GT yeah sweater the
bed wetter
and we know it lady feet on
yeah what are you doing jack you get you
were on me but we're going the other way
I was turning around as being mentally
prepared for off Snooki's city or else
if Sookie no I don't think so
Sookie said you now you think it are you
thinking though be suckie suckie no not
like it all sookie sookie now that's a
thing that's a thing what thing what
kind of thing is that oh thank you Elvis
Elvis that's one punk rocker loud talker
sookie sookie now Oh sookie sookie now
that's a thing what's that from
everybody
somebody's from Jack's own brain no that
is all out of his brain that is a real
thing that happens that is a real thing
from oh I should hit the checkmark sucky
shucky ducky what
you guys should just apologize to all
the public forever now yeah yeah we
probably should not suckie suckie $5 all
sookie sookie now that's like from it's
from something that is someone's gonna
tell me not now I'm not talking about me
love you long time
that's what it sounds like that's Full
Metal Jacket
nice
Ryan Adams is covering Taylor Swift's
1989 album interesting
yeah that's normally a wizard
conversation I dunno who Ryan Adams and
I I've heard his rock and roll but I
believe he is like more country
not like not like country-pop but like
that's more wizard territory
what's a Shamus I don't get credit for
safe on that
fuck I just went flying
ah don't feel get downfield I'm not
gonna do it anyway
get in there fuck I don't go backwards
go backwards
you got this you got this you got that
look at that you knew exactly what it
was done boom off the wall and
I was right how did how much did I miss
that ball by oh you knocked it's a good
shot is what you say no no no that was
our own team that was its who did danced
who did then what do you want you
Colombian fearful sludge boy that
happens that happens sometimes the ball
just gets knocked on you there's that's
not your fault I'm not mad at you I'm
just act like a jack no I'm disappointed
in you jack
you don't even know how much your wine
is from the side and then rewind also
gets the end you know I was there but
yeah we're wine gets me in spring I was
a great thing to bring
what no nothing but net no rich that's
an amazing shot first I meant to do that
you know I have the angle planned off
that wall yeah I thought that's just
right I don't it'll go in I don't
believe you
I'll go right over the head Oh Lady
Tetons
get off my feet oh oh
that's why I should never be going how
do they do that
it's like you're afraid of the ball mid
mid to save we're like it's like you
sound like a be on the ball
look at that well sir fuck does that
mean
Oh God
I bet I bet lady terminators sitting
there just shaking shaking their head
just keeps going what are you what are
you doing we're playing in the mud we're
children playing in the month yeah but
that's fun yeah it's fun to be a child
playing the buddy
Oh get out of here
we've lost too much ground over here you
got 22 seconds
you know down to is not the time to
worry about guoliang jack
really because you were about to score
again something to lose maybe if you
aren't offensive ball would have had a
chance to come back you think about that
think about that want you to your diet
as a good game in from oh my god and and
everybody rich gets the MVP rich gets
the MVP congratulations I am the biggest
child playing in the but you got the
most mud on you
I'm a would go here we go we're doing
we're doing
i bluejacked know i'm orange or we're on
opposite ends
Oh who saves later lady chairman
I can't lose hung back a little bit
guoliang which you know the children can
score about lady Terminator is uh you
know just playing referee I'll just I'll
just make sure no one gets hurt and you
know maybe I'll kick it in every once in
a while
my mother goal in my head the goal is to
get it away from Lady Terminator that's
the like if I see Lady Terminator with
it just do something oh this is a comedy
of errors I'm loose part I'm watching it
from over to over here I'm not fearful
you got this oh god I jumped over it get
in get it in get it in get it in pack it
up pack it in nope
yes bicycle get it get it back Oh
the rare flying lady terminator Oh
clutch it was great right this might be
the most fun I've had this year in
gaming
okay okay
oh I was so lined up I hate that like
when when you feel like you're perfectly
lined up first - yeah at the last second
we're like oh if I would have jumped a
fraction of a second earlier
ladies her friend hit you oh she got to
watch that from underneath it was a
thing of beauty but fearful fudge boy
was there with the with the same
beautiful sludge boy amazing same sludge
boy versus the Terminator there you go
the rumble in the remote-control jungle
oh my god is that Barbara wah ba-bah
Barbarella
Barbarella someone has the name barb
around oh yeah I see that
that's cute I tried I tried I tried for
the for the oh that was close I tried
for the rocketjump I tried for the lady
Terminator yeah I tried that once I know
what I'm capable of and it's not much
shockingly shockingly little yeah oh
that was what I do I did nothing I
stopped the momentum I managed to stop
the momentum yeah
you got a touch more you got it oh my
god from the other goal assists I know
I'm getting connection issues oh yeah
are you getting connection issues yeah
something's going on oh that might be me
cuz I'm streaming it I know isn't it yes
well I know it's a glitch you think wait
yeah the camera is stuck on the ball oh
do you get disconnected I think I might
have gotten disconnected how are we
still talking well you were on skype are
you just just from the game Wi-Fi then
thought what like in a bad thing Oh know
what I'm still streaming and everything
well I'm you know what other people you
can keep playing I'm gonna take a break
I need to use the restroom oh okay I'm
gonna stop playing for a bit
okay well the hyung every been playing
this we've been playing this for oh my
god have we been playing this for two
hours it is okay one more game okay say
it same same deal just give me a second
to uh random for before in a password
prereq prereq all the same business but
give it a second here
right what we've been playing rocket
League for two hours yeah can you
believe that it felt like we were
playing the other game for three doing
this I would die if you asked me I would
say 45 minutes right he feels 45 minutes
it feels like we've been playing this
for 20 minutes like nothing we've been
playing this for two hours and I love
every single second of it every single
second
Oh Lady Terminator get out of here the
room of the room name the private room
named tree wreck all lowercase password
prereq yeah all lowercase and all want
to work yeah and the password is the
same all lowercase oh pretty right
here's here's here's my question
Chad how is the stream this is
multiplayer and we're we're just kind of
yelling about what's going on we're not
we're not talking about anything is this
a good stream I know it's fun to play
but how does this rate as a stream it's
one of those things it's time for me to
judge sure I think if you're really into
the game like I think there's some
there's some excitement having I think I
also hid it in my own goal I did Lady
Terminator I'm not gonna let you score
on my goal I'm gonna score off my Cole
how about that that was some sauce you
know I think there's like there are
these exciting moments in the game you
know and so I think as a stream it's
actually gonna be fine I I think as a
later as a like a youtube video might
not be but it all depends on what people
are looking for you know like if people
are looking for the game stream I think
they got this if they're looking for the
podcast that's a different thing
hopefully we get a nice mix of both you
know like sometimes they're gonna get a
more podcast episode yet oh elite says
negative 100 of 100 how we rate string
yeah yeah this is one where we probably
could have used like could have used a J
or a Josh or something in order to kind
of chat about shit while we're point and
and and yes yes guy I remember meeting
somebody at a Culver's somebody who met
me in public
apparently is in the chat tonight hello
hello you manager coffee
you saw me said hey yeah you rich Evans
oh my god I'm rich that one's like that
cancer we're radical process great
I didn't know if this is gonna be
another another let me show you my
Wendy's head no no my am I gonna regret
that Wendy's ad story for the rest of my
life yes quite possibly forever it was a
very funny story
and we're all very thankful that you
shared uh-huh uh-huh fuck off you just
fuck off right now yep
and I agree with your conclusion that I
think you know maybe only one of us
should be playing at a time yeah well
that's what I see in the channel but at
the same time also people often asked
for us to play I had too much fun not to
do this I'm sorry no no you know what
rich we're gonna get we're gonna get
both this made my night it should have
it's a great game a great fuckin game
but I think what we're telling people
here is you're gonna get both you're
gonna get games like this where we're
all we're doing is wing a nine and then
you're gonna get stuff like I mean last
Wednesday when Josh was there I don't
think we mentioned the game once you do
when you have Josh and Jake yeah and by
the way I like both and you know we try
to tell people like if it's if it's a
hack and half you're probably gonna get
something more like this if it's a group
stream you're probably gonna get more
podcasting yeah and we'll try to just
keep you
bicycle kick
why
oh yeah something I've been recon and
I'm flying it didn't do me any good
probably want a full rocket dish yeah
for maximum impact for maximum fly age
who is Josh you know Josh from best Oh
doors
I think it's joke somebody asked that
last time is it a joke or because he
hasn't been in much lately
it's my guess
now lady turn oh no that's our goal oh
my god I got confused as side I was on
no and so I was going for that goal -
and I was like did Lady Terminator just
score goal for us how long has he been
playing just a fucking seat I have
definitely been playing just too long
and this might be the last game it's
getting like what what is the Wendy's
story you know you know I like the minor
league baseball I am one year me and
Karen had season tickets and we just
happen to have season tickets right in
front of this other couple this guy and
his his fiancee mmm if I wasn't fiance I
wasn't even engaged to her yet but
anyway
and we just were friendly and it was
like you know being Karen didn't have a
couple couple friends so we're we're
gonna show me with these people and it's
like after a game we wanted to do
something together and we stopped by his
place first I forgot why but he invited
us into their place to look around and
on his wall there it was a framed
Wendy's ad and it's like why the fuck do
you have a framed Wendy's head it's this
kid with like just dressed up like a
90's kid this was like an ad for the
night he's got like the backwards
baseball cap and the clothes that are
way too bright he's got a big smile on
his face and holding like a bag of
Wendy's or something like that I said I
was being he was in a Wendy's ad but it
was a kid he's got it frame was like why
would you hold on to that he was proud
of it is like oh this is the thing I did
when I was a kid I think what I would do
if I had an ad like a print ad with me
and I don't want that I know about
anything no I'd be ashamed of my Wendy's
app you I know I said this is gonna be
the last one but we should probably do
one more yeah the story is us no because
at the time on camera I didn't want to
drag Karen into it I left that out which
is what gave Mike is opening well well
hmm it's a great I mean it's a great
story and it's a ridiculous story so
this is this is it for real guys though
this is the last one
oh you chewing one more
mr. blood says he'd be proud of his
Wendy's em but he'd be ashamed of this
our piece of his are be sad
one of the recent bests of the worst one
before last one or did you devil theory
was well yeah I was within the last
three or four
well you know they'll move together it
was it was I think I think it was the
last we loved worst because it was that
bad video with the kids who were being
forced to sing yes alright the reason I
brought the Wendy's add ups cuz he was a
kid how do these kids react about the
beam on brushes with Fame they had when
they were kids you know how do how do
they react to this when they grow up
this guy who was in a Wendy's head just
talked about the story
I'm sorry that was yours I took that I
took that shot away from you
it's still great storage and we all
appreciate you telling it to us and
telling it to us again
someone Dino Selena no besides I could
kind of tell the story without Mike
being an asshole and accusing you of
yeah nefarious acts with
my brain is on cocaine rich cocaine
basically but it's good
wavered or I'm not get in there get in
there get in there
I do find that like after probably an
hour so my eyes start to hurt because
I'm paying so much thank you
lucky lucky strike so this is my Sankar
is awesome
you should watch the next World Cup you
know that excitement you get when you
when you you know what an excitement you
get when you get a goal yeah that's what
you feel that's what you live that you
feel with real games only gets a million
times more intense I do here's the thing
turn very much into soccer and yeah she
loves soccer she played when she was in
high school and I've gone to games
though because they got the the Chicago
Fire the MLS team they play and it's
it's fun enough to play but it's so
boring to watch so boring to watch for
me I have been
I shot a video for the World Cup in
Africa and while I was in Africa you
went to a game and saw a World Cup match
at like one of the new fancy stadiums
and it was a big match yeah everyone was
excited and screaming
the three of us who were there to make
the videos sat through the whole match
yup drank beers and never ever once
understood why people yelled at anything
there is absolutely no way to convince
me that soccer is ever ever exciting and
it's just because I don't understand
people like what they like I just don't
think it's very exciting to watch like
hockey works cuz it's got the speed edie
hockey you feel like somebody could
score any given moment
that's soccer you feel like somebody may
or may not score this game right more so
how dare you compare this lovely game
about cars with rockets on that until
you're boring this is sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry if you don't like that this is
soccer no and it's proof that I think
soccer is a fun enough game to play it's
fun
that guy could be very exciting people
in Europe but like us and they love they
love the soccer just and I know you take
your soccer bear or your football very
seriously
yeah don't get it
not my and my and mine is quoting me
says soccer is boring to watch that he
says continues to play soccer and stream
rich Evans then again I was playing
soccer on the stream not watching I'm
not even really watching bowel I'm
reading the chat also this isn't soccer
this is rocket car
this is raggedly soccer soccer players
don't have jetpacks that fly up with the
air they don't have jetpacks they can't
smash into each other they you know how
long do these games last three minutes
Jack can you flip onto your back and
take five before this game is over take
a dive I think it's red no no what's the
name flopping yeah oh yeah the flop
I'm pretty sure these are supposed to be
RC cars and that's why the ball is like
a normal-size ball Jack Jets
just for his own personal fantasy wants
to believe that their actual cars yeah
yeah hey I think it's clear they're
supposed to be RC cars oh there 100
there definitely supposed to be our
cigars I like to think that they're real
cars in this giant soccer ball that's
fine whatever whatever works
all fuck you learn over time yeah I'm
super duper
how much as mike wants to know how much
this game cost it was 20 yeah yeah I
want to say was 20 and I got this for
free because I'm a PS Plus member and so
it's part you know PS plus is like
opposed idli it's not available on
PlayStation Plus Lamar I've heard some
said that out of how true it is so I but
I got it when it was
my legs my leg I'll uh I do love though
I don't much care for soccer I love
seeing the videos of the people who are
like notorious poppers oh yeah you know
mr. Kyle just posted a link to a gift
some guy who gets lightly tapped on the
head yeah and instantly comes out of the
ground that's fine
that would pitch like I think that's if
if I were a fan of the sport that would
just piss me off tonight
even if someone on my team
I am like the top hat all right
for real now though for real man now
we're done yeah because if anybody has
really done this with RC cars in a
soccer ball oh I wonder if that was the
genesis you know if you could make them
jump if you could make the RC cars so
obviously they wouldn't you wouldn't
have the rocket aspect of things but you
could still try and play soccer with our
C cars
sure
I'm controllably accident I didn't say
this game is free MP well I guess I did
say it was free MPs play this game as
part of PS Plus what you pay and I mean
I did mention that you pay the
subscription but I know it's funny to
say it's free on PS Plus but you have to
pay for okay that's not let's see here
pay for Xbox Live white pays the head of
steam oh yeah I know it steams the way
to get it because then you could get the
Mad Max mod I know there's no Mad Max
mod give it a year oh hold on I have to
get the computer a little closer to me
okay but we have some subscribers here
we have let's see here Jack us krills
ZipZap Jaca scrillz ZipZap is the name
Oh papa
Zuzu da da dark matter dark matter
that's what I'm gonna call it keiretsu
licorice and shreddies and mr. glitch
mr. glitch and Kade Cartwright
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true well you really do we really
do Oh Jack Jack you scrilla sex ZipZap
is what that name is you guys I got the
they got the dub on they get don't do
goon anyway we really do appreciate and
thanks for everyone for playing that was
those were really fun games stream for
me it is super fun stream I promise we
will do our vet where we are gonna
really try to not play rocket League on
Wednesday or on Sunday that's gonna be a
real thing is like don't play rocket
League I guess we could play rocket
League but we do appreciate you playing
with us
I would interfere I guess I would
interfere with the boovie stuff but I'm
saying we can always do like a after
Sunday stream we always do a post stream
rocket League well just give everyone
the password yeah yeah and and stop
streaming and then we'll keep our like
to our to game rule maybe the answer is
maybe host stream there probably
wouldn't be many people coming in after
the fact so you probably just get rid of
that role but alright well thanks
everyone
