Jan 7, 2015
Arkham Asylum
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3680496
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3680759
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3680849
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77L4cIZNEGc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vahu_1hiOQM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpO4hTXhG2
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/552913561757179906

[Part I]
let's see if this works I have started
the stream so don't talk about that
cocaine deal anymore no no stop talking
about cocaine alright
stop talking about marijuana we're gonna
we're gonna have to settle things with
Ramirez sooner or later no but stop
talking about Mohammed it won't do any
good to anyone
Mohammed certainly won't do any good for
anyone no no no he won't
terrible
hi everybody if we're streaming welcome
to the stream hello that's a really
quick really quick change some volume
but hey everybody welcome to the stream
this is a certainly not Muslim aid no
we're not doing Muslim aid we are we are
hating on other people murdering people
it's not okay to murder people that's
that's that's our little PSA from
previously recorded don't murder people
what does that have to do with Mohammed
have you not been paying attention
KP Wang thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it there was there
was a a terrorist event in France
oh when today I have not heard what they
do there there was this cartoonist who
was a little famous for drawing obscene
pictures of the Prophet Mohammed and he
has been threatened by extremists in the
past and they came into his newspaper
shop and shot up a bunch of people Oh
God
yeah yeah it was it was a real big thing
in
murder sub - actly exactly why would you
watch that video Mario Mar there's
apparently video of it but uh now you
know not of the actual murdering but uh
in any case the the moral of the story
is there are extremists out there the
moral of the story is the world needs to
abandon religion because this shit
happens now you know that's that might
be a little extreme but I I like the the
plain old don't be a dick and that
includes murdering people all right
hi everybody so now yes I see the stream
is starting welcome to the stream what
moose knuckle on ice thank you for
subscribing we very very much
appreciated so rich as we were talking
about right before we started you have
not seen the whole previously recorded
episode yet I've seen the first half
okay for the stream started but what do
you think good so far I haven't seen
them did you see my head blow up no I
did not you didn't even get to my head
blowing up I did not let me click on the
thing home how far is my little head
blow up is like is like technically I've
only seen a third episode Oh head
blowing up is like three minutes in I
can't be able to know this head blowing
up and I'm six minutes in then then you
missed it alright alright might have
maybe that happened I got up to do
something I'm time I came back sure was
blown up I don't know hey sausage toes
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it yeah it was that that was
the effect that I was working on during
your stream was my head blowing up
I thought for the record I haven't
watched the whole episode because the
stream was getting ready to start yeah
oh right right
to talk to Jack and talk to you guys so
also like you filmed it like you know
what you said yeah I just haven't
watched the full final edit yeah this is
fine
exact I watch it as soon as we're done
I'm sure absolutely absolutely but I've
been hearing some good things and some
bad things and people upset at us of
course and some people happy with the
review of course but that's okay that's
okay
Jack's head blowing up was the highlight
of the episode I thought that was really
funny I also likes my don't be a dick
animation I made a little I made a
little thing like like a the more you
know kind of thing but it was pretty I
liked it I got a little I got a little
silly with the effects on this one
oh that's a good question Jay Bowman's
beard wants to know rich will you watch
space cop yeah I'll probably watch space
cop I'm for crying out oh that's right
did you see all my white people stamp
yeah I did see those also like I know it
we've been calling this Jack snow death
run and I just want to make sure we are
clear this is not a no death or and I
just happened to have not died yet yes
for people not who are here in last time
what happened was Jack was playing
Arkham Asylum for the very first time
yes first time through the game and just
for fun I kind of asked the chat where
they thought the first place he would
die was going to be yes and it just
hasn't happened yet there's still a pool
going where to predict my first death
yes it's it's not a no death run we are
actually taking backs my bets on when
the first death is going to be Jack are
you gonna put some money on make it all
the way through the game without dying
no faith in yourself man I am frankly
shocked that I have not died yet
be like be like John McClane and die
hard place a bet on yourself also I see
in the chat here Ghana Phase II wants to
know
he says Jack will you let Jay edit an
episode of previously recorded the
answer is absolutely the the bigger
question is does Jay want to edit an
episode of previously recorded and the
answer isn't the answer which is
absolutely not that's the thing is the
whole point was we can do a show and it
wouldn't burden Mike or Jay with it
literally that was the entire space cop
and and best of the worst the entire
genesis of previously recorded is we'd
like to do another show but but Jay and
Mike don't want to edit anymore because
they're editing easy things right now so
so the answer is I will absolutely let
him but you know that's like saying well
I think I can't think of a good enough
metaphor I would let Steven Speilberg
direct space cop thank you rich no not
an entirely accurate one just an analogy
that's no that is a an apt analogy as
you know Steven Spielberg done no
robsurratt space cop yes Jay Bowman's
beard thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
okay let's continue the story of Batman
Arkham Asylum okay I'm good I'm gonna
forget almost everything but I have a
feeling that the game will remind me
occasionally of things oh yes and I also
have not played it since two days ago
you'll be fine if you forgot everything
in two days you're hopeless
yes hold on I gotta sneak up on these
guys man these guys here
he's prettier or did you quit before I
save it might have to do that section
again yeah I think I need to do their
cache section again but I thought I say
look at how shiny Batman's his well he's
sweating he's in a skin-tight suit yeah
that can't be very comfortable in the
summer oh the door is blocked until I
have until the ventilation system in
there hold on I'll find a way okay so
now the cutscene is over so now oh the
door is still blocked oh that's right
that's right I remember I remember this
I think I think the chat chat is teasing
you
why is something why is the camera
offset to the right that's annoying Jack
should fix that oh my god I know by the
way I've been thinking about this I
think they're just fucking with you no I
know they're fucking with me but it's
still something that very much bothers
me okay oh yeah this is the section
where I have to have like murder the man
in order to complete the objective he's
not murdered we've established that
Batman is incapable of murdering
somebody in this game the game just
won't let it happen
oh sure sure yeah he's not oh that would
be great John keel he says can you
change Batman's skin to the animated
series Batman I would love for this to
look like animated series Batman
it's just Batman but one of the games
actually has that I think had to pay for
it thousand downloadable content how do
you jump again do you just automatically
jump yes and then you hold our trigger -
Oh jack
oh no I forgot already
I don't like Ron I forgot how to do
everything I believe that's I want to
say X but I'm used to the PlayStation
controller it's a room okay okay okay
cuz I have to run off the ledge and then
sweep yes it's okay I did it
everything's fine I did it and
everything's great top five episodes of
Batman the Animated Series that's
actually hard to do there are so many
good episodes that's by the way that's
correct that's the correct answer rich
there are so many good episodes I would
start and then I would keep naming more
and I wouldn't have any idea which to
put on top it would be a mess yes I
really like and I think I've talked
about this before I really like this to
be the two-parter Clayface episode yeah
well here's like faces he's a bit to
love science fiction a superpower II for
me and Batman I'm not I'm not that big
of play face fan really yeah I guess
that's fair I like it when Batman
villains are just kind of you know fancy
gangsters sure and
we got full power objective complete oh
rich just suggests episodes his silicon
soul um what's the episode with the
invisible dad I don't remember that that
would be one I would probably list
yeah the episode with the invisible Dan
I don't know what it's called it's so
beautiful
almost got him almost got him
those one where the villains are in a
bar they're like a villain bar and
they're talking about the stories where
they almost got Batman oh sure I'm just
doing a little looking around now guys
doing a little exploring
oh I apparently I accidentally
accidentally accomplished a Riddler
challenge in here nice I'm fond of the
the scarface episode scarface is such a
bizarre character oh the puppet guy yeah
we have plans over here okay alright run
and talk to Erin the Gray Ghost
oh the Greg that you know that was a fun
nostalgia trip
apparently this is do me no good
to talk to that guy don't care about
interview tapes but I picked it up I
don't want to listen to him I just want
to collect it can I do that okay all
right getting out here
that's not run okay am I getting out of
here did I like Batman beyond the only
thing I've seen of Batman Beyond is the
return of the Joker and I like that so I
should probably
I should probably track down episodes of
the show and watch it I haven't done
that so no opinion no strong opinion oh
and uh I think we talked about this in a
stream before but another Batman episode
I'm fond of um I'm not sure if it counts
as a separate thing or a Batman episode
a Superman episode but the the Superman
Batman team-up world's finest that's
that's like one of my favorites if not
be the Joker's death and that was just
perfect
his own exploding marbles are rolling
towards him and he just starts laughing
hysterically he thinks it's funny and
then the parachute outside the plane you
know a man's got Harley Quinn and she
says Oh puddin and Batman says this
point he probably is absolutely nice
Tommy LOI used to operate an arc um can
it be true can it be true rich yes it
probably is I don't know what Tommy
Eliot is don't speak
you're safe now it's a trap I know just
not for me
oh damn what did I think of the arc
change and I think there's some good
talking about like that season four of
Batman where they they got rid of the
blue and the yellow bad symbol and the
one today the all black and gray Batman
visually I like them some of the
episodes weren't as good a mystery good
ones but visually that's probably my
favorite animated Batman
you touch all of those buffers Jack I am
touching all the buttons you got the
pouch ie I hear you mashing buttons with
rhythm don't don't mash rhythm you gonna
keep an eye on those counters well
that's that's my problem it's like I
feel like I'm not because you're mashing
the X whatever the punch button is on
your controller and you're missing the
counters because the bed okay press a to
rescue doctor I try to tell you he kind
of looks like a baby relax you're safe
now he has a baby oh like thugs okay
great we got dr. Chen that's great
all these guys are unconscious oh this
guy looks like we messed him up real bad
okay
I know there are live but you know the
ragdoll physics yeah there's like a
weird splash animation but no drip I'm
not exactly sure what you're looking at
so there's like there's like a splashing
animation as if water's flowing from a
fight but you don't see the water it's
obviously it's very important it's very
important to me
maybe the drips are just too small that
could be yeah you can't see the drips ah
that could be uh yeah I'll accept that
well someone says so assessments is low
graphical settings there you go there we
go thank you
now you know you Jax bitching about
something that's his fault
absolutely that's right gel W we
couldn't see the drops to my computer
we're not playing on Rich's computer
that's the problem well I wasn't gonna
drag it out and minus 34 degree weather
oh absolutely not an outside of being
miserable I mean temperatures that cold
might actually be bad for it
oh sure in like you know there's ice
everywhere came in
looks like it's been so cold my GPS
stopped working yeah cuz I I have for
the record chat I have no heat in my car
does that's $800 to fix and my GPS
doesn't notice me moving anymore and no
chat I don't do a editing I'm I've
always just been the guy who is on
camera I'm the pretty face
that all the women want to go away I
think my timing was often more of a beat
Yesi now you're on the trolley once you
build up a combo you you'll knock them
down on one heavy oh great yeah
oh no but likely the camera showed that
he was like oh that I'm gonna watch the
quick like it showed that he was up okay
I know I want to kill that's why I'm not
I have no patience also like I do I know
like I this has got to be frustrating
for you guys because I really do like
and yes Chad you are right I am the
Bruce Campbell - Mike samurai yes yes
that's very accurate there's a musical
you think I can't stop your whining and
listen cook and I don't know that you're
the first one to bring up that
comparison somebody else has said that
at some point don't forget about your
detective they have a hostage so I can't
let the hostage I know but there's glass
I could take out three of them at once
doesn't take them long at all to shoot
okay I see I see okay
I see it's gone
it doesn't need to be like this not died
or had a mission failure when when does
the chant think it's gonna happen you
know death or mission failure
I'll see it now guys see it I'm just I
just remembered the whole thing I didn't
I yeah did I ask the chat started okay
okay it's fascinating to be that you
haven't yet yeah we're a death or
anything you're doing fine and it's your
first time through you know you're on
Arkham your Arkham Asylum idiot savant
do-do-do-do-do I'm Batman I blow up
walls is it drew the drug or escaped
unfortunately yes
but not for long you made it alright I
can watch that underway all right your
your hint of remember detective vision
was was worth it there's a freebie
because I mean I do I do forget about a
fat division all staff have been
arrested
you'll be safer if you remain here
people people on the chatter saying that
that one got them III I handled that I
think my first time to risk I want to
say I did I don't really remember for
sure I mean there were two glowing
objects next to the two groups of
villains
you know I'm Batman why are you doing
that voice this is the voice that was
there is that
oh don't die
whatever you do don't die there's
there's an enemy in red oh you did okay
that's a knife guy yeah that's a nice
guy
I can now press a new button to stun
attack I think I think you could have
pressed that before you just didn't okay
but it's fine it's all fine I believe I
think I get an upgrade no yes yes mr.
frequent stops I do hate the Nolan
Batman not the movies as much as I hate
that Batman you like The Dark Knight
works because he loved the Heath Ledger
is so awesome in that movie but I hate
Christian Bale I hate the voice he does
prefer Batman I hate him as Batman yes I
hate that voice and I hate what happened
in here you find are they okay yes
they're safe now gone aka Bob thank you
we appreciate it it's my life's work you
really don't have the authority to I'll
get her there Batman you ask me it's
about time for a little
I don't like it but who called the
elevator was enough it's coming from the
lower floor get out of here dr. young
get her notes and then find somewhere
safe to hold the voice I picture when I
read the comics chapters ever ever since
the animated series the only voice I
could never picture Batman with this
Kevin Conroy he has become Batman in my
mind's eye sure I'm gonna go ahead and
say absolutely okay I have another
stealth kill section no no no no Batman
oh I could totally glide kick that guy
am I gonna do it that's the question
rich am I gonna collide kick him no no
he might hate hospitals
always gives me the creeps this is all
you jack
I know I gotta leave hey by the way I
got this you think you have this I think
you think you have this but the answer
is yes I think I want a snake I know
that Oracle is Ashley from mess can't
remember her Kimberly Kimberly Brooks
and I lose my favorite character Mass
Effect's so that doesn't bother me at
all
sure getting out of here
shit I got a spider-man it I took a risk
and I I glide kicked okay sneak behind
them and knock them all
I couldn't dumbass what do you mean I
got away it's great oh my god it's fine
I'm fine I just wanted to take out one
everything's gonna be fine okay now
these guys need to move all right here
we go here we go
oh here we go I got this we don't even
know how much I got this look at this
guy's gonna come up here boom got to
easy
motherfucking peasy those guys I'll
freaked out this is gonna be great
cuz you know I can do this by carefully
and take down boom easy peace
all right all right great I'll go up
here just in case I think I got him
there's only three am i still following
that am I still following the clues yeah
I guess I am guide I'm Batman he says he
uh what is that Detective vision I am
okay all right great
did you what after J says we mr. Sir
John B 8:20 thank you for subscribing
unless opera J is pulling our tails no
no he just sup he's right he's right
that happened like right before the
sales section and I got distracted I
apologize John thank you yep I'm not
here in the what the fuck's cuz I'm on
skype with Jack so I'm actually not
listening to the stream that's right
don't don't play me I'm Jack Blamey
absolutely
he's the one who's hearing the what the
Fox there's a TV what I rather the
Arkham series continued after Arkham
Knight with a different studio
developing or would I prefer just to end
I think I just prefer to end I I got my
my doubts about Arkham Knight even so I
think they've done a fine job with the
series but fours enough know makes you
say that
what what makes you say that because
Highness what just happened okay because
I just got to the Scarecrow section you
didn't think it was just gonna be the
Joker did you oh they're in him asylum
no I knew I knew I knew there would be
other villains I guess I'm just excited
I'm the only problem is I'm not I'm not
like paying attention to what the Joker
is saying right now he was just laughing
about something I'm sure
this is weird this is a room with no
door cody's Ivy said would you keep
scrolling up would you rather go to a
party where Christian Bale was in
character as Batman for six hours or
watch Man of Steel for 72 straight hours
oh Jesus oh I I think Christian Bale in
character live in person for six hours
would be hysterical
shall we news well wait in KITT well
does that mean he'd be in character as
Batman yes okay cuz like just him in
character as Bruce Wayne would be great
too you know he plays Bruce Wayne like a
dick so that's probably how he actually
is at parties I'm down a Batman
doo-doo-doo-doo climbing over stuff
climb down stuff that was a little
cartoony Jim Gordon getting dragged away
please help me Batman who would do to do
oh yeah Batman saved am it's like it's
like Christian Bale with a little strong
bad you know
hey Dad everyone I am Batman it sounds
like that strong baton that's what I
said oh it did you I did I said it was
like Christian Bale mixed her strong bed
oh okay I was reading chat this is not
Jim Gordon right I can't even see where
you're at jack he's dead you're you're
you're on your own yeah I just found it
from he's - and I'm sure that this is
not him because we're in the scarecrow
world I figured you out game Barbara I'm
sorry I was too late someone scrolled up
I'm gonna quote this wrong but I said
that Kevin Conroy is my definitive
Batman do I have any other definitive
superheroes
just just Robert Downey jr. as Iron Man
yeah he's great
he's great as Iron Man
and I have Jay in the chat mocking bait
why why is he mocking he showed up just
to mock me yeah that's fantastic
oh how fun in the in the the cameras at
an angle now rich Anka in the in the a
scarecrow levels like the camera isn't
level it's at a slight right angle
how fun okay great so you hate it in
other words I mean I I hate it I mean no
I get it I get I use what I'm saying
it's like I get it I'm in a dream world
I still hate that Batman is to the left
of the camera but you know they're doing
something and I like it
they're trying I think that's fun I
think as far as going back to the chat
and definitive versions of characters
there's they're all bringing up
Christopher Reeve as Superman oh I love
this Superman
I don't know that it's so definitive I
couldn't see anybody else doing it so
yeah he he did a fine isn't a great job
yeah he did a fine job at the tub the
best live-action Superman but even like
Harvey Kaval what was his name oh yeah
yeah like he was he was all right in
parts like that but the movie was a mess
but he was alright parks he looks great
nothing to know where to go
I just need to know where to go
they're doing a spooky atmospheric thing
you don't care for it at all huh sound
you sound contemptible no oh I I don't
mean to I just I'm I'm upset that I
don't know how to make the game move
forward
do I prefer the Jim Carrey Riddler or
the Arkham series version is that I'm
sure I can only assume that's a joke it
has to be a joke right checked I I'm not
sure I would also assume that's when
they're joking sometimes so
maybe I'm just supposed to look like me
oh I get it okay yeah I was supposed to
do that oh no the hallway is now another
room rich my perception it's being
messed with I don't mean to be snide
people want this section of the game and
you're just big oh my and then the chats
gonna lose their shit I'm sorry yeah I
you should know that I'm enjoying this
but I get it you know I just talked to
my dead father he looks great scarecrow
he looks fantastic mm-hmm
no I don't mean to make you sad this is
fun you've made them sad Jay I'm having
a lot of fun and one's really nice
everyone is unsubscribing no I'm I'm I'm
I'm enjoying this I'm a just a cynical
asshole and I get it is all I'm saying
and so the the mystery you know like the
the mystery and the the the wonder of
this segment is a little lost you
realize they are now rooting for you to
die yes I'm fine with that please root
for me to die if I die this whole no
death run thing pressure will be over
are you killing pressure you just do
what you're doing cuz what you're doing
is somehow working right
no not like real I'm not feeling like
real pressure but you know like I don't
know I haven't died I haven't failed yet
you know so it's like I feel like I just
want to do it once to get it over with
do-do-do-do-do
Batman the unsub noise should be rich
saying have a nice day have a nice day
no this is neat everyone this is very
neat and I'm enjoying this a lot and I
know I'm not like filled with on Wonder
because I'm not because here's the thing
I don't do that I don't play up my
emotions for you guys the things that I
react to are real reactions alright this
is something they should know is I'm not
going to be the kind of streamer who
will like oh my god yeah oh my god I
can't believe it it's the Scarecrow dude
you know like I'm not gonna be that I'm
gonna react to things as I normally
would and this is over this is in fact
this looks fantastic
a lot of people saying you're gonna die
no I could I could very well snow oh I
turned into for a second
somebody's saying but PewDiePie makes so
much money
ah yes that is true I also don't care
Oh
PewDiePie mates do do we regret being
internet famous jack
our level of internet fame is that for
question yeah it's not like it's not
like we get pestered everywhere we go no
every now and then somebody recognizes
me says hi and thanks me for the work I
do and I'm very appreciative okay that's
it and I go above the business for the
rest of the day I'm at the level of Fame
works it's just kind of nice every now
and then oh okay oh I still have on your
own on your own
I'm not doing anything hiding
respects e games too much rich why
aren't you back C gaming Jax yeah and
doomed either way oh good I got oh you
did it yeah and you did that die no is
that how high up was that on the pool
cuz that was high that was high Chen
everybody yes go first careful first
girl cross-section yeah yeah that I
could see I could see that being a
really tough section fine had a little
run-in with scarecrow slowed me down
I'll get back to you in a bit that was
fun that was a really fun section I've
read I do I apologize that I sound like
such a cynical asshole but that really
was legitimately a fun section that's
very fun I could have done without it
but it was very fun that's not true that
by the way that that just elevated this
game to something very special that was
very reminiscent like a lot of people
like shit on Super Mario Sunshine uh-huh
even though it's you know it was a
fantastic Mario game but you know Super
Mario Sunshine had those sections where
they took place in like the space nether
region and you it was just like action
puzzles and you they took your water jet
away that was very reminiscent of that
okay words like we're gonna take away
all the things you know and you just
have to do this one very specific
challenge so I'd like that I like them I
like them both
okay let's see here I get an upgrade so
I get a combo take down allows Batman to
before an unlockable instant take down
after achieving a combo of times eight I
don't know if I've ever gotten a combo
times eight there's another one that
lowers the number like you can do it at
five
and you haven't gotten a combo of it
because you keep mashing because I keep
my fuck what the fuck indeed Sean whiff
oh no Sean Sean wjf thank you for
subscribing be fair or like Steve Martin
s deal ha ha ha
fucker ha ha ha ha this is my radio
replace announcer who's gotta lure all
crazy with his voice your radio not
yours any enough ok critic your
countdown loads up 10 hits of 1985 a rat
selectively detonation of explosive gel
useful for advanced takedown tactics no
I'm not I'm not at normal takedown
tactic so I don't want it for hands
takedown tactic okay I got that one
already
ok health if you're unsure I can go for
more health or there's critical combo
stripes for its perfectly timed
countless I think I'm just gonna do this
special combo takedown thing ok that
seems to be the way to go
ok Adrian the Jedi says that he works in
radio and now he's offended well if you
talk like there's the radio broadcast
boy you should no one talks like that is
that you're mentally handicapped radio
announcer no that's like the radio
announcer who's been doing it far too
long and slowly starts to lose his mind
like a cerebral palsy our no no we're
you know like you've heard the same Katy
Perry song for the 400th time you just
like look next we're like Ally Oh
Jack radio DJs all want to kill
themselves don't you know this I would
believe that by the way yeah all right
no I can use my bat power and they're
there they're there forty eight-year-old
men who have to try to sound excited for
the new Taylor Swift song right
can we talk about taste way for a second
yeah we can do that is that a thing we
can do oh oh you know what if I crouch I
walk at the same speed but I'm in the
center of the camera so I think I'm just
gonna crouch from now that's not a good
shake it off song I shake it shake it
off that's great all right here we go
Hey
you could just run instead of crouching
or I could run sure I know I just don't
understand you jack for what for
thinking and thought some things for my
thoughts on things
yes sure you can also jump over guys and
hit them from behind
DoubleTap the X or well at sex on the
bottom one oh my god one of them I
didn't know I can do that oh he makes a
really funny sound when you do that he
goes yeah oh yeah okay all right
oh my god oh my god so I know where I'm
going
what's my objective rescue commission oh
just rescue Commissioner Gordon just
just rescue Commissioner Gordon uh I was
just in the Morgan okay I'm gonna really
I'm fine
what's this way I didn't go I have the
net okay all right here we go
I see the Joker arrows by the way for
everyone who's about to complain about
me not paying attention I see all of the
Joker arrows pointing me in the correct
direction but I don't know if that's
like the actual correct direction or
some sort of trap some I'm just trying
to play it smart smarter cool alright so
I just you know people are gonna be
saying people be talking tape oh okay
this could be a mission failure right
here if he's gonna kill Gordon if any of
the guys even think I'm in the room yes
so your your jump down and kick people
strategy is now known which is good by
the way that's that's good game design
right that's the game giving you a
situation where you can't use reliable
techniques and I like that reliable
technique you mean lucky ass techniques
what do you mean lucky ass techniques
you should be you should be dead I'm
just so good at video games that you
don't know how to play them and you
still managed to make it through
all right here we go
doo doo doo Chooch if I seen the new
gameplay footage of Arkham night where
the Batmobile turns into a huge mech you
know I I wouldn't be surprised if that
happened not not surprised at all
is that true does it really do that I
doubt it but I would not be shocked at
this point okay some what I've seen of
that game so far did you see the ant-man
trailer no now because it's that manner
I don't give a shit about it I'm sure
I'm sure I'll end up seeing the trailer
eventually but what what do I have to
look forward to in this exciting trailer
for a movie that's not out yet so you
know have you ever felt the feeling over
being underwhelmed by something you
couldn't be whelmed by much like
guardians I have no like allegiance or
history with ant-man yeah I barely know
what a man does as a character and so I
had no expectations and I solved the
trailer and it's just like huh well
that's Paul Rudd like that's all that
comes out of it is like Paul Rudd yeah
like guardians I came out of the trailer
being a little psyched yeah oh that's
great
yeah yeah I had that reaction with
guardians but here's just like well I
enjoy paul road enough to see this movie
I guess I can't all be winners
that's true
but they should at least try goddamn it
you know you would think oh this is
creepy what's creepy oh just Harley
Harley like singing in the background
Oh drag bodies no does that matter I'm
opening a vent that's what you hear the
buttons yeah I took down a guard but
it's just like I don't want them to see
the body you know take your time take
your time
well alright you're worried about them
seeing the body yeah how many of them
are moving
sound taken sound take them what oh shit
I think I failed yep did you first one
happened yep do your worst you made it
later than anybody ever thought you
wouldn't you did fine jack did fine like
I said I'm more happy that it's like I
didn't die but I'm more happy that it's
just a failed mission is over now you
know so we don't have this pressure
anymore okay now I can just play the
game everybody's leaving nothing to see
here okay so this guy can take down easy
this guy just goes down well some people
are saying you didn't die they don't
think it counts I didn't die but there
was a failure screen there it was a
failure screen I failed the mission I
didn't have died Aaron so I don't know
you know like how you count that is your
business if you take cover in a corner
you could do the corner takedown when it
walks by
another guy he's right there okay oh I
can probably take this guy down now
without anyone noticing I think yeah
that was just my problem

[Part II]
I'm noticing I think yeah that was just
my problem
alright this is good I got this Oh or
not you'll be caught Quinn
okay I got him
who's that
I don't know I'm sure you'll I'm sure
you'll never find out right
I bet it's bane why would you say that
because the Riddler's thing at the
beginning was bane
wait a second no chair jack has not
learned to love the camera he stole in
fact hates it yes I very much hate the
camera
failing and you fail well no I didn't
fail I just failing out knowing how to
move on with the mission
okay so not a fail just you know like a
gamer fail like why what do I do now
which is fine can I can't go in this
door jack what what is your go-to
strategy in games what what is your
go-to strategy in games in games yeah
that's a really vague and weird question
I've seen you do it all the time when
all else fails what does Jack do I
people I don't you don't you don't you
don't hunker down not always when you
you buy I'm just saying go to your and
play To Your Strengths Jack later your
strengths
thank your it's no problem ah how do I
get on the roof can I get on this roof I
forgotten how to get out of
now it's a button prompts I can't get on
a roof Ridge I'm not in that mediate
area give me a second yeah what roof can
I get on what's your go-to strategy and
you should have said use your XCOM
strategy then I would have known all
your time all right well fine fine
that's right I get I get and it was very
funny rich there's no there's no button
prompts for roofs oh oh here we go
yes your advice does not is not helpful
I can't get out any room I could I could
play-by-play tell you what to do it
don't well don't play by play tell me
what to do I'm let's see if we can
figure this out okay I know I need to
get on the roof but I'm you know I'm
looking all around waiting for the
little reticle to come up this has got
to be frustrating for people who know
what to do now oh very much so and I and
I thoroughly apologize but I mean you
can see my hopefully people understand
my my problem here is I'm you know when
you see something that you can bat-arang
on or grapple hook on the little icon
comes out right and I haven't seen
anything that I can grapple on and this
is my problem and I'm pressing the
grapple button just to like double-check
that there's nothing I can grapple on so
it must be a very specific thing let me
go to Detective Mode here Hartley's up
there Bane's in there I'm sure it's been
a sh Batman
yes can we go there backseat game no no
okay do you want me to backseat game
hold on
goddamnit I don't want you to backseat
game but if I want us to move forward in
the game okay
okay I can do this I can do this I can
do this I can do this the only thing I
can think of is like going back where I
came from through the vent but that no I
can't imagine absolutely okay okay well
we know that no
I've taken down all the enemies does
that count what what did I think of Tom
Hardy's vein oh dang okay I didn't hate
it you know it was an intense you know
what the real problem was is that Maury
was such a mess that no good acting
could get out of it and of course and
there were some slight audio editing
issues they should have toned that down
a bit
he was going for something stylistically
too much so I agree what have been funny
of those henchmen were always like what
could you say that again what okay hey
rich I'm done
you've got to walk me through this I'm
so fucking lost I can't even I cannot
even walk up the stairs look up the
stairs walk up the stairs walk up the
stairs walk up the stairs okay I will
walk up the stairs
okay yeah there's a door look dorky fuck
you play it like a text adventure look
at door right game non-reinforced class
can be broken with enough force oh I
just kicked the girl yes you did okay
she's a murderous bitch so it's okay I'm
very sorry chat I looked out you know
what happened is I turned the corner and
I saw the gate you know like the
electronic gate and then I was like and
so I immediately I said okay I have to
do something before I get around that
and I did not think to look about the
gate my apologies
why did they open that it seems dumb we
we walked into Bane's area never mind
that get behind me rich what's your
favorite flavor of potato chip sour
cream and onion
did this
right
Batman just tried punching bane
how funny
personally I prefer Bane from Arkham
origins but okay this one just looks
comical get out of here he just threw a
rock in classic vain fashion this really
Killer Croc style yeah I don't like this
Bane they went with big dumb Bayman yeah
I know I know I'm just gonna throw a
Batarang at him oh I hit him in the face
that's something is that what I'm
supposed to do and now he's gonna run
into a while yes okay great it's working
it's working
nope
I don't know if this is Zelda rules or
God of the world
Zelda rules say do the thing that in cat
incapacitates him and then punch him God
immortals just says do the thing that
incapacitates and Zelda rules okay so
then we go over here oh my god you can
probably turn him off you know in the
menu there's probably a thing to do that
most games had that okay yes I think you
should look and do that
okay you fuck I like that BAM knocks
down is on guys yeah well technically
they're not his guys the battering to
the face they're jumping out of the way
that's a good trick I do jump out of the
way
rock tactic what if I hit him in the
face battering while he's nope okay
gotta hit him while he runs and then he
hits rock then I go up to him he's
punching Oh nope or he punches me okay
all right getting out here okay okay
okay settle down
I already did that Oh Oh I jumped out of
the way double tapping a to jump
I'm gonna done here here is it here it
is by the way so J the the conversation
you just had with somebody not really
loving rocky whore is not the same thing
as hating it for the record
somebody told Jay but I hate there it is
there it is I died I died rich fuck Oh
found to happen sooner or later
yeah listen I'm come on come on mmm you
we're never gonna get through the whole
game uh no no I was fine with like doing
things case you you were able to get
through that didn't need me distracting
you what's this quick throw Batarang
instead of holding down the button to
aim the Batarang just happen
which I told you about yesterday but you
wouldn't listen to me in autumn
it'll-it'll Auto target listen you might
have told me about multiple times I'll
believe that how about that
get out of being lazy okay
okay I got this job I am understanding
oh no I'm not apparently I'm not wait I
knocked him out yeah I'm supposed to
knock him out he hits a wall and then I
punch it I get that but well he's he
swings wildly he swings wildly oh that
time he didn't I don't know but I got I
got a down again and I think I feel like
I'm understanding combat
yeah you're gonna you're gonna need to
understand combat better mess yeah
that's important
Oh
you know I'm a Arkady button-mashing
something something you should know
about this series it does group fights
really well but in my opinion most of
the boss fights are lacking right that's
why most of the boss battles in the
first two games have henchmen all of it
I got you I got your number
no I punched I punched it's all I had
them oh I had him and I punched it's not
like you have limited lives you'll be
fine everything is fine no I was diving
out of the way and I hit the punch it
gives you more opportunity to practice
that was embarrassing
did you not even touch like the the
combat challenges between you know the
last stream in the stream no you could
and that wouldn't affect them the story
progress I was playing this game fresh
the the chat says that in order to beat
Bane you have to do the bat to see
you hold down the left trigger and right
trigger while pressing r3 that does the
bet to see great I got bubbles scorch
thank you for subscribing we really
really appreciate
I don't think they liked that idea at
all worth it worth it if I get him
somewhere that someone in the chat says
why is Bain even in Arkham Asylum he's
not crazy let's that's a very good
question indeed
he's criminally insane
nothing he's just criminally he's just
criminal well he's on he's on super
steroids but he's not a crazy man
yeah but he's so criminal that he's
insane no I don't believe Bane has ever
gone into Arkham Asylum okay rich by the
way I'm learning oh good I'm learning
how to fight people I I'm doing very
well okay yeah you're bound to get
better you won can
lively swing I just I just hate to throw
the arrow and dodge thing that that gets
so old it does but you know what it has
a really cool it makes you feel really
cool you know the the way the camera
works makes you feel like you really
like that he's out sucka
okay I got there babe that's good and
shad I would engage you when discussing
the thing about vane and Arkham Asylum
but spoilers all three games who was the
best boss fight and the best-looking
boss brought four for all its faults and
that beyond it really Falls he's not
being as good as the other two origins
had the best boss battles by far Bane in
origins was great Deathstroke looked the
best
not a terrible battle Deathstroke did
yeah it's a bit quick timing it's a bit
button prompt t-that fight but it's not
bad
and then in Arkham City though
Mr Freeze best best boss battle in the
series Mr Freeze in the second one oh my
god it's awesome it is awesome Mr Freeze
it's totally awesome I don't know how
much I can spoil you know I mean I talk
about why that bad was good but I don't
know that I can yeah it's me remember
this Baden origin was was great that's
that was like actual bane bane it wasn't
a freakish himself large big muscles but
he didn't look like a mutant freak and
that that actually the boss designed the
battle itself was great
I don't like rich I don't think I would
go see the band freakish lump
it's what you get with super cancer oh
my lord well get a freakish lump all
right here we go
don't duh duh Batman Branagh do I come
asylum here's um here's something I hate
about Batman magic yeah is he has a
Batcave uh in Arkham Asylum by the way
hmm
and it's just like you know you don't
need it back you don't need a bad thing
everywhere yeah they they wanted to work
the Batcave into this game but but he's
you know the whole thing is he stuck at
please I love me for the whole game
right they did what they did it's not
it's it's a mini Batcave it's a bad look
oh that's just like a Batman thing I
yeah he's prepared to the point where
you you idiot it like breaks your
suspension of disbelief yes yeah yeah
like it gets into the bad shark
repellent territory that he keeps in the
helicopter yes the bad helicopters yeah
Oh grant you that remember when I said I
was starting to understand fighting yeah
I don't think
just gonna be using it to me you'll get
there I got my ass handed to me by a
couple of nobodies
and I said you'll get there goddamnit
you know be great right now is like a
bad jet pack well you'll lose your shit
with some of the larger scale battles
then yeah you fired dozens of guys
sometimes
okay so this is a lot of time you could
need like a full second or so before the
combo breaks I mean you can do do dude
you don't have to strike strike strike
strike fast right yeah and by the way
that's that's a really hard thing for my
brain to unlearn is like I don't need to
go yeah like the the slower paced combat
which by the way fits in very nice with
Batman because he is so methodical and
is so well trained like a slower paced
combat
you know wait up wait up wait a beat so
if you go to block a punch then hit
again yeah I know I once saved an
unfortunate inmate from leaping off into
the rocks below I found a cave entrance
and over the years of yeah if you get
the counter button when there's nothing
to counter that'll also break your combo
yeah you gotta be careful about that too
Javy oh yeah
Oh Oh nope can't go up or do I go up no
I don't go up I guess I got it this way
I guess I use the only other door there
is let's go
Tweedledee side can you see it what the
fuck what the fuck indeed Oh old school
zinger thank you for subscribing
sorry Jake I thought you were paying
attention to the game that's all right
rich I bear no ill will towards you okay
for thanking a subscriber there's like a
question mark why would I not want to
thank our totally awesome subscribers
right those radical dudes make
everything we do possible
don't say radical disease why not that's
that's exactly the kind of thing they
expect me to say
I'm Batman
god bless you rich Evans mr. frequent
stops thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it oh I get an
upgrade I get an upgrade for mr.
frequent stops there you go
see Jack I told you that's just the kind
of thing they would like me to say when
they love it I knew I knew they would
love him because I'm so wise but but you
had a problem with it jack yep why
didn't you have a problem with me cuz
nobody else did
you're wise and I'm dumb you know things
and I don't you are the master I am a
lowly not the master guy and and don't
forget it please tell me there's more
protecting the Batcave than like rusted
chained up gate yes there it's okay good
you're just making your way there
I know that was mostly joking
how long before radical dude subscribes
stop reading I don't care about I don't
care about Arkham ghosts then you know
don'ts get him you do get it you know
get like experience points for that shit
though no I want to scan him I just
don't want to hear thinking go on the
menu and turn it off just click on the
one that's playing yeah I know I just
click on the one that's playing and that
I don't play anymore it's Batman
yeah no oh I think I found a secret rich
oh no but it might I can't like shoot
Mike can I shoot my explosive goo
probably not no oh my god I just sprayed
it on the ground in front of me you
sprayed your ghoul on his bond that's
frayed my goood Oh No
oh gee you did that you did that kind of
prematurely didn't ya I did I do that
right away I prematurely sprayed my goo
if everything's fine oh god I gotta get
so there's a door fuckin your bat kick I
feel I felt a little okay something
weird happened over here I heard some
ghosts oh my god there's no ghosts it's
okay okay here we go
are there booby traps in here something
great
that'll be great okay where am i am what
am i doing
oh I can get into this one what's up
here can I go why can't I go up there
everything's terrible is we because
reasons mm-hmm okay you do this to spray
the goo and then you back up also like
the Riddler hid a riddle in my Batcave
ejector you're not in your Batcave your
stop saying that you're not in your
Batcave don't you'll know when you're in
your back
like
oh okay yeah is that hard enough to get
to was that hard
oh here's yeah I was just gonna be like
oh oh yeah
how do you feel about gliding bet what
do you mean that he glides on his cape
in this game um well it makes sense cuz
he cant like perma glide but you know
like it would theoretically give you
some buoyancy right yeah that's just a
Batman thing you have to be okay with
that
Superman has lady's decision yet wait
wait how often is Batman Batman glided
before though every and everything
Batman glides he's got like a smooth
we're okay and when did he swooped in
the cartoon he's anytime he's going
through the air in that car Tony
swinging from a damn rope there is no
gliders there's no blind not Anna
cartoon no no he jumps top he jumps down
from places with that cape open but
that's not like a climb that's not like
a you can jump off a tall building wide
if that were the case he would never
have to worry about falling and shooting
that grappling hook just in time to save
himself
he would just glide down and he does not
ever do that gliding exists in these
games and Batman Returns and that is it
it's weird
I'm used to it I could deal with it but
it's weird Joker gets his hands on this
he will create it there is that whole
thing with the electrified capes then he
put a special glider in that movie
you're thinking in the Dark Knight
no in the first one - didn't he like
there was oh I got an upgrade to my
grappling hook
I got a bat claw oh I literally got a
grappling hook I can grab objects from a
distance
wasn't there a whole big thing I think
it's the first one where he was he was
trying to like electrify his cape to
make it going after she was heading to
don't member I think that was the first
well I'm going up the top okay okay I
wasn't paying attention I'm sure it's
fine
return to the surface okay
like and pulleys using the bat claw
seems kinda silly
all right oh my god yeah okay oh yes
we're about to do the part of the game
where it says you just learned a new
thing let's make sure you can do it yeah
oh yeah that's reason that's reasonable
absolutely Owen Owen that was really
light so that's good good no I'm not
saying that's a bad thing I'm just I was
just stating that this is a part of the
game thing okay you learn a new thing
and then they put you in a situation
where you can't get out of unless you
use the new thing you learned oh hey I
can finally get into those vents great
everything is possible
never play any of the Far Cry games Jack
okay yeah I've recently haven't played
that good blood driving yeah and I liked
it so much I bought Far Cry 3 okay which
is basically the game right before blood
dragon blood dragons basically almost
almost DLC for Far Cry 3 you know it
sold it separately but it's like the
same engine oh okay
and it's like I'm not not liking it as
much it's it's amazing how much
difference just a few slight gameplay
tweaks can make not as cheesy oh
definitely yeah main characters boring
asshole it's not as cheesy the the
settings not as fun the combats a little
bit slower pace you don't have quite as
much help
the stealth doesn't work quite as well
no sure but there are little differences
but on the whole nowhere near as fun
I was playing Far Cry 3 I played I was
playing for like a few hours and I felt
like turning it off playing Blood Dragon
which I have already played through
three times my bad clock can not grab
the riddler trophy someone in the chat
saying rich lower your microphone or
half Jack raise his oh sorry I was
backing away I was backing away from my
microphone oh my microphone is in such a
place where I started off this stream
kind of leaning forward in my chair and
can I reach this well you know I've
already died once it's not like I'm
going for a no death run so I'm gonna so
I'm gonna try it nope I can't oh oh oh
nope alright
there's a there's a Riddler trophy which
I must be able to have to come back to
later even though even though I have a
grappling hook that can you know grab
boxes and pull them towards me I can't
grab this stupid trophy that's fine you
don't need to collect stupid trophy it's
not it's not it's not vital
everything's vital just like and get
this you know got a ghost of Gotham
thing anyway if sell 10% of it do we
never fight the Riddler in this game as
this is only purpose which I'm okay with
yes okay though there is a resolution to
a story oh that's good yeah but you have
yep that collect absolutely everything
in order to see it double tap to quick
bad o'clock to yank an enemy Georgia
Oh fun Joker makeup Jack is not reading
again well I was I was reading I just
didn't know what it did rich told me
everything's fine do-do-do-do-do you're
done have you done one of the special
moves yet Jack yeah I just did one of
the special moves okay okay great
Joker clue there Riddler clue well don't
be a dickhead if you hid something
poorly Riddler was just like oh you
found it I guess yeah where there's one
of the best parts of this game and I
don't I don't like collecting shit in
games but just those interludes every
now and then I'm one of Joker's oldest
aliases so Joker pays doctor like any
game that has collects though the
whatever yeah doesn't mean I wouldn't
got all of them by like three quarters
collect the two hundred things no click
15 that's why I always hate that shit
cuz it's so tedious it's not fun sure
but I want to I want to I want to do it
just so I can I can hear more the
Riddler stuff like there's more yet in
like the second game oh okay there's
literally like 400 things to collect in
the second game but Riddler actually
shows up in that one there are there are
Riddler specific levels I know I'm
supposed to go this way everybody I just
want to see if there's anything else
through this door oh that's cool right
there specific levels
I'll run I'm supposed to go the other
way
Oh killer croc okay killer croc is going
to find me
and rip my flesh like paper he he might
he just might I could absolutely see
that this thing looks like I can blow it
up that's nice what do you do oh you
know yeah again he's just like oh geez I
can't believe you found that trophy's
you know it's like you're bad at your
job
Riddler don't blame that on me other
ones a cycle anybody could have done
that right now this is a fine a fine
take on the Riddler no I like it and it
makes sense it's a it's using a video
game trope correctly in the universe
right because this is something regular
would do he's not a fighter he's not yes
yes sounds like she had a change of
heart she tried to block the payments
Joker doesn't like it when his partners
try to back out exam addict we're doing
a
oh okay exactly I can't get up there yet
is that your name
Kevin's wife huh or you just can't do it
the easy way it's it's just weird
because like you know there's a bunch of
areas that that say like specifically
you can't grapple here you know yeah but
like normally if I just can't grapple on
an area just won't show anything but
these are like you might be able to
grapple here but you can't I think
they're just trying to justify it for a
change cuz you have to you have to get
up there and you're not gonna be using
the grappling hook to do it
sure yeah that's and I don't remember if
that's something it's dry now off the
later thing I understand you have to
climb there now
no mystery what I'm coming up to the sir
a drawing or some kind of donkey that's
nice
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do take in my
time and exploring get out of here
I go around this way
oh I can I can whoo OH regular trophy
I'm pretty well Riddler you fucking nut
easy a blind man would have stumbled on
that one I don't think so
what the what no no my dad's like
crawling around in these capes right but
that's fine you know what that's fine
I found it I'm happy that I found it
slowly walk in slowly looking around
Jack likes to take his time in video
games this is why remove bad skeleton
thank you for subscribing see Jack this
is why I don't want to stream games I
haven't played before if it's something
actually looking forward to playing yeah
no like and I it's not like I don't feel
pressure to be to like be rush I just I
feel a need to explain to everyone like
I am a slow gamer and y'all gotta get
used to that I like to I like talking
opinions they're gonna twist your words
with that one shoe choose your words
carefully yeah you know whatever how
about that how about okay
invisible wall invisible wall avenges
11e falses Jack I know you won't read
this but I'm just like you I slowly poke
around in every corner to see all the
stuff that's your you're not alone oh
thank you avenge eleven default I think
that's and I think that's what you're
supposed to do like I said well you know
or we all play differently and that's
the great thing about games is you know
we all get to play a little differently
you become the bat
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
get off 23 positions in a one-night
stand
get out you ever listen to Prince no
he's great yeah not a fan of Prince
Prince oh really
I love Prince you know what I also love
Prince I like hard rock jack hard rock
yeah I'm okay with hard rock ac/dc sure
yeah okay let's alikum do you which you
prefer original ac/dc or thunderstruck
ac/dc
thunderstruck sure it's a great song
thunderstruck versus big balls they're
both fine songs why do I have to choose
well because it's two different styles
like original ac/dc with their original
singer you know was a little more a
little more comical and then like here's
here's the thing with ac/dc yeah there's
like a number of songs of theirs I
really like and then like the rest of
their distant discography this
discography right yeah discography it
all sounds exactly the same it's the
same fucking song oh sure but that's
like got your thunderstruck you've got
your TNT you've got your dirty deeds
you've got your big balls
seven songs I love and then everything
else sounds exactly the same
oh sure but there's you know there's
just such a distinction between original
singer and new singer okay okay and like
I had discovered original singer first
and then and then I heard like new
singer which is definitely a little more
intense and a little more
straightforward rock so you know I like
them for different reasons
oh there's a thing in here what part of
Arkham are we in the dungeons right
that's why I say I appreciate it when
architecture in a game makes sense sure
and I think I think if I remember
correctly we are returning to Arkin
Arkham through the sewers from the
Batcave so this is like an abandoned
area so I guess it makes sense but
probably shouldn't fall down there it's
just my guess I was expecting a cutscene
right there I was expecting Killer Croc
to pull me down like I jump over that
again you have to imagine you're going
to encounter with Killer Croc at some
point right this is gonna happen 100%
what curious what do you think what
other villains do you think you might
see in this guy there's not that many
mmm let's see
okay so we've art we we know that
scarecrows live was obviously you know
is Riddler a Killer Croc we know it's
like the Blackgate thugs have access to
the armor else who else could be you
know like I'm not that well-versed in
like major Batman villains who else
could it be
I know I using context clues that mr.
Freeze's in the next one I can only
assume he's not in this one yes
and I'm not gonna say anything either
because you're gonna play through and
find out for yourself
yeah just kind of curious what your
expectations are because I had mine
people upset I didn't get to see but
Dems the brakes know and I guess you
know I have no I have no expectations
okay well that's that's fine that's
probably the best excuse me thank you
what oh I was I was trying to do
something and it wouldn't let me for
some reason
Oh
there was a guy with a gun
I needed to silently take him down yes
good God you might have to be more
careful from here huh no I can see that
oh there's guards with laser sighted
guns I think I have to be a little more
sneaky
turn on your detective the laser show up
without the detective vision oh that's a
good question I will check no in the in
the second game they discourage
detective vision yeah I think you can
only I it's been a while since I played
the second one I think you can only see
the the snipers with the beam without
detective vision oh how funny yeah yeah
well listen if you give game if you give
gamers a tool that makes everything very
easy they're going to use the tool oh
sure sure I turned it off just because I
wanted to see things looking normal
I didn't yeah I didn't go the whole game
with the tech division sure and she used
it specifically when I thought you know
especially needed
did it in
they took him down it's okay good job
good job you know there's a hostage
there's some games where if you're like
stealth games or if your microphones
hooked up you do have you do have to be
careful about talking making any kind of
noise or sneezing oh is that true yes I
want to say what's a manhunt did that
and that was there was another one
recently Oh alien isolation I think does
that know yes does ever I think I
remember there being an option for that
menu that is really funny that I turned
off immediately
but because you know we had the Mike
statue to record our audio okay so we're
not gonna say something about the game
Chim Chim might appreciate manhunt maybe
will stream it sometime maybe I'm not
where am I going over here okay turn
around Batman
cover your mouth Jack you sound too
clear he do that very well thank you
I'm proud you should be
something to explode up here and I'm not
really sure why I'm exploding it but I'm
gonna uh yeah I did not really need to
Oh secrets map secrets map what why are
there question marks like float a lot
oh that shows you were on your map where
the Riddler shit is no okay so if you
look at the map it'll show you where to
go to find the trophies and the little
clues and all that stuff oh great you
know what that is that's great
that's pretty candy that's how you glide
I totally forgot how to glide are you
kidding yeah I mean no no I'm not
kidding oh my god you hold down the a
button yes yes I've been not going on
its entire time how how do you get
through games how do you do it how does
it work I don't know do you think I know
these things
I don't know these things oh you know
you know what they did in the copy
protection for this huh in the pirated
version of the game you could not glide
I really yeah you can start playing the
game but it's impossible to get through
it because there's times we need to
glide yeah

[Part III]
there's like a like a yellow glowing
thing over here oh okay my John is that
John hurt does anyone know if that's
John hurt who's doing me all of the
Gotham ghosts stuff no idea who did that
sounds like John hurt I was thinking of
Judd Hirsch at first I'm like what are
you talking about what don't I have an
upgrade oh okay
I just needed to write this here I get
an upgrade okay let's see here critical
combo strikes double the powers of
normal combo strikes one strikes her
time perfectly you know what I think I
need some more health says can you
please ask Jack if he reset the slowmode
exemption for subs after that pictionary
stream the answer is I don't know okay
give me a moment
how does Jack know John hurt but not
laura dern because John Hurt is a movie
star and Laura Dern was in one movie I'm
sure Laura Dern was in more than one
movie but she wasn't more than one movie
yes
you know John Hurt has been in more if I
know who Laura Dern is you should I do
I love Jurassic Park doesn't help you
know she's not a name John Hurt's a name
okay hold on I'm going to subscribers
are immune to slowmode I just changed it
back now feel free oxygen to put it in
slow mode and it will not affect
subscribers okay John Hurt wait so was
that John Hurt I don't know assume they
didn't get John her just to do that
you don't think no why not why not
what's wrong with John Hurt what do you
got against John Hurt I think he's got
better things to do
sir Jonathan hurt what did it what am i
doing over here just shy smile says no
jacket wasn't okay sounds a lot like
them Oh
gliding is awesome rich I just
discovered I can glide if you think the
gliding is good in this you'll you'll
probably like the second game I didn't
say it was good it was just fun to do it
like I don't know if I were useful it is
you can you can swoop down and then back
up and gain speed anything is possible
oh all right oh there be dudes in here
that excites you doesn't it jack
well yeah cuz then I can try out my
sweet oh they know I'm here oh that's my
camo take out knife guy Priority One
one of their lines of dialogue was punch
him again that seems kind of obvious
yeah I'm washing the last horse but your
point
not quite yet
oh I press
you know it's like the combat you don't
necessarily need to like be facing a guy
it's fine I'll get it I'll get it
yeah I don't mind track practice in the
challenge rooms because those are really
fun yeah yeah
swear to God okay I don't know I don't
know if you intend to stream your whole
playthrough of this do you I don't I I
unsurprisingly I have no plan okay I'm
just doing I'm just doing stuff you you
can you can safely play the challenge
maps and not affect the main game at all
shit but I'm getting shot at Oh
apparently Labor's I wasn't pretty
nope dr. J if you're talking about
spoilers for the Batman games I'm not
gonna say any just because I know Jack
hasn't played them rich did you enjoy
Jedi Academy not really I like oh my god
cast a lot more I did a dumb thing I did
it dumb but you know I'm a single-player
guy and the single-player story and that
one is a lot better so
I'm just waiting them out I did a super
dumb thing that's a shock any way shape
or form
no yeah what you fuck now I'm just gonna
punch oh I did it down thing how much
help do I get back not enough gonna die
soon is there a generating elf on this
that would be fantastic someone in the
chat is requesting that we stream an
artsy fartsy game right this everyone
makes fun of us for there's different
people like different things people are
plenty of people I'm sure love our indie
game streams yeah they play games I like
yeah yeah
no no I people saying you know you can't
make anybody happy no matter what you do
people complain but the fact is there's
they're different people complaining
about the different things
yes oh we will play more artsy fartsy
games I guarantee it and now that the
episode is that we can finally stream
crypt of the necrodancer oh yeah I
really like I really want to play that
more time at the time we did that review
I did not mess around with a hardcore
problem much and I found I liked that
game a lot more playing on hardcore mode
there's one of one of the things I
didn't like was you know the separated
into zones then you played through the
zone and you came out you lost all your
items and I didn't realize that
hard-code my hardcore mode you went
through all three existing zones your
items carried through right and that
that made a world of difference to me
wait to see I did a fun thing with that
sector yeah
no evidence yeah you can tell me what it
is a big deal I oh I I edited in after
after we had that like whole a hardcore
mode discussion yeah I edited in you
walking off camera yeah to go play
hardcore mode oh okay okay
no pitcher doesn't see me I am bent man
he doesn't see me ladies take down who
he said you meant you may have heard
about that in the review but I actually
I haven't had time to watch the whole
review I started but then it's time for
the stream to start so I don't know they
seemed like a third of the actual
reviews I don't know what ended up in
the final cut
yeah rich doesn't watch the reviews once
they're edited I watch them Jack crying
out frickin loud
I'm just being funny funny
nothing's funny everything is serious I
really knew you all hate me and I hate
all of you back just as much everything
oh wait there's a Riddler trophy over
here yeah gliding is pretty sweet I
might just try to glide more
doot-doot-doot rich hates watching our
all um stuff no that's not sure what is
what is true though is I am I get
extremely squeamish watching myself on
camera yeah so when I see myself on
camera say like the hairs from back of
my neck stand up i watch half in the bag
just fine good anything where I'm on
cameras it's like Oh God
Oh No uh along those lines usually when
I am editing the episode I stick on your
camera longer like I'm talking I'm
watching your camera cuz it's hard for
me too it's hard for you to watch
yourself yeah yep eventually I do to
make sure you know I'm not like picking
my nose or anything but but yeah usually
I will I won't keep I will look at your
camera while editing now somebody else's
the chat is saying that yes rich we also
get extremely uncomfortable yep nice no
funny I can only assume yeah by the way
I didn't even know that this was a
riddle but I see an open casket laying
the ground I took a picture of it and of
course it's yeah yeah they're not all
that obvious right do-do-do-do-do no no
I'm sure I could go back and just one of
those things
I return rich is it easier when you're
playing a character no it's not at all
to my work not at all because I feel
like I'm doing a bad job oh I'm terrible
you know all that okay where am I going
this way I took a detour to the cemetery
you're allowed to take all the detour
shimmy sneeze gesundheit
oh pardon me thank you I tried covering
the mic so hopefully that wasn't too
loud for everyone I also turned away
from the mic you know I'm feeling a
little like Batman I will tell you that
like that wait she's great
that's what you want in the game where
am I supposed to this way okay I cracked
the code it's all right
rich yes did I tell you that something
devastating happened to me what so you
watch the ant-man trailer okay
I'm all ears not as much as Batman is
but I'm all yours
nice yes all right I mean you know it
was something yeah yeah it was something
so I brought the ps4 home because you
know to play stuff for the next episode
and whatnot yeah and I'm getting it set
up and I say to myself oh you know I
have a really good you know I'm really
far along in my vita isaac save I should
get Isaac for the ps4 and they have like
a cross save feature yeah oh I could
play it on the big screen I can play
Isaac on the big screen this would be
fantastic right did you end up bleeding
your saves through no fault of my own
uh-huh my my my golden god status is now
done is now gone forever
Oh what happened so what you have to do
it's a little convoluted the way you
have to do your cross save is you click
the little sync button and then you
click the upload button which uploads
your save file uh-huh on the ps4 to have
to hit the sync button and download
right so on my Vita I hit the upload
button and all of a sudden a little
thing came up that said downloading but
I hit the upload button and it said
downloading and all of a sudden there's
a different save file there and I don't
know where it came from because I've
never sync saved before so like this
mystery save file is there now you know
you know what that is Jack what that's
some console bullshit that is some
console I'm so upset and I've been
reaching out to the developers via
Twitter and via
their email just to be like is this
something that happens how do I make
this not happen again
I don't think I want to play the game if
this is gonna happen you know like like
I've got my FTL saves backed up
somewhere on my computer no way I copied
them and I move them to a different
folder and there's a backup yeah uh I'm
so sorry it's it's devastating to me but
but that's some console bullshit this is
this is why this is why I hate the cloud
the cloud I know people saw like my
Steam settings at some point I had like
cloud save disabled and the chat was the
chat was tut-tutting me
oh no this is why fuck you I'm right
you're all wrong
back up your own damn saves and the
games
let me save what I want to yes well and
you know it's it's one of those things
where and don't force me to autosave and
not have a regular save option that that
really pisses me off I think if it's
done right cloud saving and cloud
storage in general is super great and
awesome but then you get situations like
this where we're you know I can only
imagine I had at least 60 hours and it's
all gone now
all that chat real quick yeah I didn't
say if my ex come saves but I didn't
really care cuz I'll be glad to play
that game from scratch anyway right yeah
that's not a big deal to me no no but
you know with Isaac much like we talked
about it where the fuck am I going the
levy the unlockable stuff and XCOM like
that that the I'm trying to play over
the call the the second wave suffer
whatever the the difficulty options and
whatnot you know you can you can find
something to program online that will
unlock all that shit anyway right I'm
not yeah that's that's all stuff I
wasn't worried about
that's the thing like Isaac I had their
shit you have to just play to unlock and
I did it all and I was really happy with
my progress but all gone now all fucked
I'm sorry oh fuck I'm sorry i I'm sorry
because it means that I'm not gonna play
the game for a little bit because it's
like it's I'm just so I'm so upset yeah
yeah video game Horror Story it is okay
three hostiles one armed rich have you
ever refused to do something Jay and
Mike asked you to do on camera I'm
wearing a Darth Vader mask and the rich
Evans watches the Episode 7 trailer for
a reason
what's going on Jack
you know just fucking up is there an
award for sloppiness no there's there's
just shame cuz if there's an award for
sloppiness I am doing a great job only
shame I'm sorry only shit yeah I should
have a lot of so this is this was the
sloppiest batmanning in the history of
Batman but I did it and actually like
didn't even get an injury so rich what
do you think is the best console of all
time one that plays games oh it's a good
answer you shouldn't have a favorite
console you should have favorite games
who cares which machine runs it cuz I
can give you every every console and the
PCs had good and bad games
you know rich you're right sometimes
sometimes ha ha
I found it what did I find you ask
I mean is it cute that he draws a Batman
symbol and explosive gel or it's cute he
likes the theme obviously he's bought
him to that wholeheartedly shameless
like a mad dog
well John Hardy you know but I'm just
trying to think wouldn't it like another
symbol be more efficient of an explosive
yeah I guess the job done and if he had
if he had the drama more efficient
pattern he probably would she would get
away with just the bad that's what he's
gonna why is everything a moral debate
with you rich just pick a damn concert
all right the PC go fuck yourself
rich can you please tell jack with the
explosive gel will never hurt him no
matter how close he is to it and that is
a true mystery it's silly but it's true
of course I hear I've been like you know
doing the smart thing and walking away
from the explosive gel I don't know if
I'm supposed to fight all these guys so
I think I'm gonna just fight all these
guys
we'll see what happens we'll see how
well I can do well there's some there's
some big fights in this game that's
nothing that's not okay that's great
as soon as I said I got the 50 good
combo going I missed one okay hey I did
pretty well on that fight I'm pretty
happy with that pretty happy with that
what's going on here
notes who was a better filmmaker Jay or
Mike
well since Jay is listening in to the
chat ha ha ha and Jay Jay was giving me
shit about not listening earlier it's
it's it's definitely Mike oh definitely
definitely definitely definitely
cans these our cans searching the man
chin for doctors notes what does a bird
need in the rain what Oh Riddler your
riddles oh that's probably it riddle
solved okay
I don't know if those teeth hurt you or
not but I just feel like I need to
destroy them all because they're there
they're there another one of the
collectible things
Oh J I'm sure somebody in the chat will
be glad to give you a link but somebody
made a previously recorded bingo game oh
that's right alright so J can play along
yeah he can play along but it needs more
options I was looking at it I refreshed
it a few times and every card pretty
much has like the same things
that's right it's the bats haha I'm
Batman I've punched people who that man
talks that way I don't and in any
continuity wouldn't that be the worst
bang oh yeah I'm the Batman oh I'm good
you in the face and I'm punching bad
guys Batman it's like in a universe
where instead of deciding to utilize
fear Batman decided to utilize confusion
is that man singing are we supposed to
fight him I'm gonna throw some punches
and kicks goes on Batman oh my take it
this one guy down super sneaky like
fucking hit him hit him harder really
three your insults you hit like a girl
they're not the brightest Bunch
I mean I'm Batman anybody who works for
the Joker is not especially bright I can
trust this guy he seems like he knows
what he's doing
I'll be honest I'm with it what rich any
plans to play one of the best PC RPGs
vampire the masquerade bloodlines dear
god no really dear God in heaven that I
don't even believe in no wow what is it
vampire RPG nothing about that can be
good all right you know yeah come on
yes chat I know what I have to do here I
need to bring your chandelier down but I
saw a secret get all the secrets
do-do-do-do-do rich have you ever grown
hair in your bald spot I know there's
never been hair there not not ever yeah
you know fun fact you know me no I can't
take that joke for either okay I thought
I could for a second yeah I sometimes
I'll do that where I'll just start a
joke and hope that I find the finishing
like maybe I'm talking really often
often that's that's a recipe for
disaster
sometimes but you know once again rich
would you play Zelda a karna of time
please for God's fucking Saint
playing what what makes you think I
haven't what I have it's just it's not
my favorite Zelda game it's like third
or fourth on the list I'm sorry you
don't have to be sorry you don't have to
be sorry okay
it's kind of like whatever you want to
like no it's not apparently people are
very upset about me not liking this
vampire role-playing games like oh
really
when I tend to find vampires obnoxious
unless it's unless it's Fright Night or
near dark vampires are obnoxious
disarmed I think I did it favorite soda
game link to the past followed by
Twilight Princess no wait no winwaker
winwaker then they took dr. young you
know I might put I'm sorry I might put
original above link to the past link
this is great I might put original above
that then the Wind Waker then link to
the past okay Ari I'm replaying I think
we talked about this on Sunday I'm
replaying Twilight Princess not terribly
fond of it on a second playthrough
I remember enjoying the fuck out of it
the first time I played it right when it
came out you know seven years ago or
whatever enjoying it so much that like I
got so into the story you know I was I
was deep in but on a on a recent
playthrough it's got some it's got some
issues which game was that again
Twilight Princess okay it stops the game
every 30 seconds to remind you how to
play them in little complicated and just
the midnight is starting to become more
annoying than na'vi ever was oh where am
I going and what do I need to be I mean
Twilight Princess basically is a car
enough time just a little bit better
in my opinion no I would put I would put
ocarina above Twilight Princess that's
fine yeah that's okay we can disagree
I kind of hate the open world and a
karna real field is just ugly and small
well that's 64 but that's not that
doesn't excuse it I still have to
compare the two games I don't care if
it's limited by the n64 I'll take
Twilight Princess Merida oh my god oh my
god I just punched that dude in the
balls
Oh karna ocarina I don't give a shit
Chad thank Jack you keep punching people
in the balls I did this sweet like
backflip like and like yank him in the
face and then I punched him right in the
balls I just saw that Batman does that a
lot actually that's the best move ever I
just I only want to punch people in the
balls that's it okay oh I have an
upgrade all right let's see here
power up the batarangs during combo so
that they can be used to knock down
thugs that good that could be helpful
critical combo strikes double the power
of normal compost drinks when strikes
are timed perfectly how do you time a
strike do you not like duh-duh-duh
slower slower yes you you you asked how
the time strike I told you how to time
strike oh yeah no I'm just I'm
programmed for me like to me that's not
important because obviously I think it
think it dig it dig it dig that let's
see here critical strike combos I'm
gonna do I'm gonna do batarangs during
combos that could be fun
come on you don't even you wait wait
wait until you can master the D quick
throw
yeah I wouldn't bother I did it already
all right all right and it's a half
ready master look oh I just did it oh
yeah I threw it at the picture I'm just
guessing at what the riddles are and I
found another one just guessing at the
answers okay let's go oh wait I found
something was I ever a ninja turtle for
Halloween first know what that says I
was
I've been spider-man for Halloween okay
I was pac-man for Halloween you were
pac-man father when I was a kid I was
pregnant for Halloween I was Indiana
Jones for Halloween twice and twice a
fuck'em of Indiana Jones I don't really
remember some of the other costumes I've
had I've never I've never been that big
on costumes huh I mean I'm the kind of
guy I will I will throw on a shirt that
says this is my costume you know sure
sure
actually years and years and many years
ago now I want trick-or-treating with a
the now fiance once uh-huh
because my mother my mother loved
Halloween spur-of-the-moment she said
she wanted to go trick-or-treating and
Karen was around and I just took a white
shirt and I wrote costume on it and then
I cut holes in a Pepsi box and I put
that on my head what's the Pepsi box
it was just I did some mask last-minute
whatever I wear a Pepsi box on my head
all right you know what
opening all the vents gotcha just a
tooth in there nothing else all right
that's fine that's fine
opener what do you think the next
Indiana Jones movie should be called
nothing get it because it shouldn't
exist now you know no no all right I
tried I did
oh okay I don't understand sometimes why
yeah it's the chat said I'm really glad
they ended Indiana Jones with the Last
Crusade absolutely that was a that was a
really nice way to okay I'm gonna say
this about Crystal Skull oh god it's not
a good movie it's in my mind it's not so
bad
it ruins Indiana Jones it's it's not
like the prequels where where Star Wars
is now kind of ruined you know when you
when you watch the classic Star Wars
movies and you see Darth Vader you know
you know that's Anakin Skywalker now and
it just it just the the prequels
actually diminish the classic trilogy I
can't say that about Crystal Skull
nothing nothing about the Crystal Skull
ruins Raiders of the Lost Ark it's just
it's just you know that lame adventure
and II had that once
I suppose not all of his adventures were
epic it's it's it's that adventure
that's probably not gonna make it into
his memoirs oh I get it when I take a
guard down now the Joker gives out okay
yep all right that's fine
you know what that's fine I can deal
with that did you enjoy young Indiana
Jones did anybody that show is the
biggest letdown of my my young adult
life Toland was when did that come out
was that mid nineties was that early 90s
okay whatever whenever it came out it
was one of the bigger disappointments
sure it was like how the fuck do you
make Indiana Jones boring I didn't even
think that was possible I saw the young
Indiana Jones adventures sure
oh shit
man someone should get rid of this dusty
crap mister guard come on someone should
get rid of this dusty crap
come on a little bit closer NCC 1701 ta
GD says I never watched it I was
planning on it though which just ruin my
hopes yeah it's it's it's it's Indiana
Jones doing nothing for an hour at a
time certainly never goes on adventures
yeah he'll like he'll have a pleasant
30-second conversation with like some
obscure historical figure never
restorations that's the episode never
has an episode been so succinctly put
obscure historical figure Oh
it's like they wanted to do something
educational with it they forgot that you
know Indiana Jones should probably have
a little bit of excitement here and
they're not sure that thing that made
Indiana Jones so famous we're gonna talk
to Hugo sparely the guy who invented the
predecessor to the spatula episode
though this is Barnum Banach tell me
about the world-famous barley Matic
invented by Hugo's barley
or not take a mat I'm taking my time
doing it right
okay but will there seriously ever be
more FTL I'm sure at some point yes
we've played it online which do you
watch wrestling like WWF / WWE I did as
a child as a kid I loved the whole
Colgan you know oh yeah but not not not
lately not not as an adult really I I
watched a little bit of WCW when the NWO
thing was going on but that got
extremely old very quickly
hey I rescued someone right that's fun
that's fun where did dr. Young go rich
if God exists well what would you like
me to say when you reach the pearly
gates I'm sorry I'm such a judgmental
dick Joker wants them that makes them
important stay here I'm going to find
Eric not a problem I'll try the radio
sorry about that weird stuff I did I'm
sorry about casting people into hell for
doing basically nothing wrong uh you
know what we're just gonna call that my
bad
this area did Amadeus just go mad or was
he dizzy to do walking around cuz of
Batman walking around cuz I'm Batman my
version of us singing hey there Batman
I'm sneaking around where am i sneaking
to I will make a sound the humming thief
was what is this Hudson Hawk was that a
thing sneaking around yeah they would
time their heist by singing a song oh
it's funny yeah what am I where am i
what am i doing these are the questions
well gotta love everything's fine
everything's gonna be fine nope
detective mode there's a lock symbol now
it's a stupid-ass detective mode okay
run bad man
laura dern that's my that's my laura
dern his Batman impression begin it
particularly laura dern it says run like
he's like Batman yeah
why does the Laura Dern and talk like
that man because they brought up laura
dern earlier and she says run in
Jurassic Park she goes round I can't I
can't believe I'm going to say this but
stick stick to the Michael Caine
impersonations yeah oh my god oh my god
to do to do detective mode to do to to
to not under the stairs now they all
want you to do my cocaine no I'm not
gotta be listen it's gotta be on your
terms for a forced my cocaine is not a
Michael Caine you want you guys wanna
you need to really try I understand yeah
fuckin who's that future future J thank
you for subscribe oh you look really
appreciated yeah and thanks for killing
regular future J he was a dick
I get reference well I would really hope
so okay this door was locked doors
locked and that just led us to the cell
or or rich to an Ultimate Warrior
impersonation impression oh the stupid
fucking idiot ruins Justin Martin that's
exactly something he would say I just
did about four rounds of coke and I was
wrestle you guys want to wrestle cuz I
could wrestle that is the ultimate
warrior where the fuck am I going
rich yeah where the fuck am I going uh
I'm not sure
great oh there there could be honest I'm
not really watching what you're doing
no that's fine I found it I found it I
found where I was going
rich are you sick of Doctor Who I got
sick a doctor who like five episodes
into the room the reboot yeah rich it's
not my bag it's it's Jack who watched
the Doctor Who a whole bunch and now is
sick of it yes because it got bad I'm
shocked I watched any more episodes
after mannequins tried to take over the
earth yeah that's a rough one yeah
that's a rough one yes The Ultimate
Warrior was terrible on the ring and
terrible on the mic yet he's popular I
don't understand the ultimate warrior
love at all I really don't I never did
even even when I was a kid I didn't like
the Ultimate Warrior yeah it was like
when when he won the belt when yeah when
he won the belt I I think I actually
stopped watching for a bit all right
Joker's thugs were trying to get into
that office it looks like they couldn't
get through the main door got to find a
different way in yeah I know the
Ultimate Warrior is dead now that
doesn't mean he didn't suck when he was
alive
I'm sorry he's dead but as a wrestler I
hated him but Richard that guy who did a
thing that you didn't like he's not
doing it anymore doesn't that that's
that's a good thing yes
oh yes yes I mean Hogan was terrible on
the ring but he was he could get appeal
to a crowd he was good on the mic he had
he had charisma warrior had jack shit
you just keep me running a mobile ear
earlier I say this point since the dark
imagery and I will bring the the horns
of the undead forgot what I was saying
before oh yeah you know I don't remember
like all the dark imagery stuff when
Walt no warrior didn't kind of do that I
remember I'm talking about like dazzling
my comp oh I don't remember that I mean
I I I believe you
let's see I've said it before the best
best wrestlers dr. young got to work
like him even more as an adult like
looking back on the old stuff uh uh the
Macho Man Randy Savage okay awesome
fucking awesome and rowdy roddy piper
oh yeah I'm the Macho Man Randy Savage
he was great I don't scan evidence again
hold down the Obi
I got nude I gotta do another one of
these find the thing things or maybe not
how do I get my I have an evidence
scanner open but I don't necessarily
know what I'm looking for here
what I have voted for Jesse the mind
Ventura Jesse was I never seen him
wrestle but as an announcer he was great
Oh what they mean is he ran for governor
of Minnesota oh yeah uh probably not cuz
he's a crackpot this mean I don't like
him as an announcer though sure
not so much wrestler but probably the
best wrestling personality of all time
Bobby the brain Heenan Bobby the brain
wasn't great it was one of the managers
okay he was great at making you hate him
though as a kid as a kid I hated his
guts sure he was a he was a heel yes
that is the terminology Oh everybody
knows this jack everybody knows but as
an adult I just going back and watch
this mold stuff with him in it and it's
just so great there's some people who
might not know that I didn't know that
until like a year ago really really
great at insulting people Jack everyone
else is known that 4:15 and get out of
Charlie trying to make it happen do it
okay good trying to make it happen see
what happens I listen to an interview
with Bobby the brain Heenan and he said
he liked being a heel because it gave
him an excuse to be like rude to people
in public it was just building his
character more so sure so the kid would
you know ask him for an autograph he
could just say get away from it that's
what he was supposed to do
sure
and people are asked me what I think of
a whole bunch of wrestlers who are
wrestling like now or recently and III
haven't never seen them Russell's so I
can't answer like CM Punk I've never
seen him honestly
sure I couldn't even tell you what he
looks like well they all do that yeah
but he's one that looks like no you know
it's like like the rock I know who he is
I don't I don't think I've ever watched
other than like like clips here and
there I've never seen him wrestle I've
never watched like a wrestling program
when he was wrestling so I think he's
retired he's been retired for like ten
years
I'm sure won't probably longer actually
even the rock like the rock is a super
old wrestling thing to know yeah he's a
movie star now that's just saying that
how long it's been since I watched
wrestling sure I was child of the 80s
and that's mostly what I know Kangas
Borgnine you're saying I missed out but
I I did I was there for the heyday of
the Macho Man you know I I didn't miss
out I got the good shit I got the good
shit
do-do-do-do-do Batman I am darkness
what are we place a place to put your
hand why would you put your hand there
I'm following fingerprints right now
it's like a hand on a desk
maybe she's injured could be she just
she's like OCD she just has to put her
hands on everything she walks by oh sure
did you guys miss dr. young coming back
here
she's like she's literally just like
putting our hand on the wall
night his dr. young here I heard a voice
on one of the radios it sounded like
they were being told to meet in the
warden's office no hello Oracle I found
dr. Young's formula it's never this
simple with him haha it's never to say
about what's creeping up on midnight is
it she's sweet she's 11 38 that's fun
let's save this time to make sure this
we've had a full stream we have had a
full stream I'm feeling pretty good
about it yeah and you know what I like
this game so good what like I'm glad you
like thing this is this is a lot of fun
and it makes it definitely like
especially I feel like it really stands
out during the combat sections yeah Mike
feel really good about the combat
section the detect you know but then
that's Batman the detective in could use
a little little tweaking but I like I
like to sneak in and I like the combat
so that's really fun I'm guessing I like
the stealth a lot more than you uh you
know I'll get it
I don't you don't you don't you don't
experiment around enough there's fun
things you can do the people
I don't yeah because that's all I'm
looking for is the most efficient way
you you did not use the bat claw to yank
somebody off of a balcony nope
uh you know what I didn't and
okay with them and that is fun very fine
remember this is not about fighting is
about saving lives
maybe me remember them I think I just
did Canadian Batman oh dear
you a little bit more polite
excuse me sir if you wouldn't mind
putting down that bank money there I
know man I know the bank people really
sure would appreciate getting that money
back people worked hard for that oh
you're not gonna I listen don't if I
have to ask you again I'm gonna have to
get a little Curt Canadian you know once
you reach Canadian Batman I think it's
time speak lovely to you oh all right
you know what you know what I'm just I'm
just gonna say it go
gosh darn it put that money down no I'm
not going I'm gonna walk out this door
right now can you I got my hands full
could you be all that door opening for
me here here's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna have to be rude there I'm gonna
stand in your way
I'm gonna just stand here and you're
gonna have to push me out of the way how
do you feel about that oh that doesn't
make you feel too good does it you're
doing to me you're making me feel bad
you're making me feel like the asshole
all right I like I'm now a fan of
Canadian back Batman I might like him
more than regular Batman great all right
well that's gonna be it for tonight
we'll come back on Sunday night we'll
come back on Sunday night thank you so
much to all the new subscribers all the
old subscribers and everyone who just
came out to watch this be dumb and play
Batman which is a really fun game also
Batman this is a fun game yes good night
everybody
to stay warm somehow stay you know they
don't all live in Milwaukee it's got to
be cold everywhere right I mean it's so
cold here I can't imagine it being warm
anywhere right now right yeah anybody in
Hawaii has better things to do listen to
our street yeah they could be sitting
outside the Sun all day at night what
we're having a luau at night because
that's what they do every night there I
think in Hawaii
absolutely yeah see take the birthday
boy window open in Florida you fuck yeah
yeah tomorrow all businesses in the
Greater Milwaukee are gonna be closed
cuz the windchill is gonna be below 30
by the way rich don't plan on doing
anything tomorrow things are gonna be
closed yeah I'm staying home tomorrow
fuck this shit
fuck this shit good night everyone
