Feb 18, 2015
Master of Orion II: Battle at Antares, Spelunky, One Finger Death Punch
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3858589
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3858605
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3858625
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3858634
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3858648
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvfKeAE5Ozk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9V5ZHtEJQP4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=curdgXeZbRI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7a7OJ1qsNLk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/568130961222860801
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/568216497195229185

[Part I]
we'll get is the update extreme title oh
no oh no you've ruined ruined your plans
for world domination can I can I stop
stirring and we can do this again no
don't do that don't do that piss people
off alright that may or may not piss
people off Milan six viewers subscribed
while we were away look at that
Thank You those six viewers thank you
say yours we appreciate it very much
also everyone to welcome everybody
matter of Iran - yeah every one welcome
our new moderator mr. shy smile oh my no
what we didn't we didn't need to start
yet rich we could have we could have
just we could have just I was really I
was really excited we're gonna be all
prepared today but no okay so we're
gonna play Master of Orion - a game I've
never heard of rich is very excited to
have me play that which you know yeah
you're a little bit yeah you're gonna
hate it okay I'm living preset and then
everybody's gonna be very sad oh that's
the order of events yeah I like it
what the fuck are you doing
of your thing
there's a picture it helps it in your
tweet if there's a picture in your tweet
more people look at your tweet did you
know that so the picture is completely
irrelevant to everything pretty well you
know chose what we're streaming with my
AK thank you for subscribing nine months
now I see that name all the time is it
my AK or me AK I want I'm gonna call it
my AK also gutter Punk 13 thank you for
subscribing two months in a row
we appreciate it guys we really do we
really really very much do yeah somebody
the Tuesday strafe dream was was kind of
a last minute thing yesterday strafe
dream just wanted to play it again rich
wanted to talk about being converted to
a non non Mouse inversion a non mouse
and version my inversion has been
inverted straight which is just so weird
right master what is a Ryan as for Ryan
to
what is master what is Orion now
Orion is a constellation Orion's belt
mm-hmm the whole constellation is right
well sure I know about
I know the belt you need to be the
master over I would I would hope I would
hope that I'm working to be the man I
want to start can I start off as the
apprentice of Orion you can you can call
yourself whatever you want okay which is
gonna be there's gonna be all sorts of
learning that's gonna go on
oh no not learning see so then on the
Twitter's see you like you see the
picture like oh what's in that they'll
be recording long shanks one thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
so my welcome got cut a little bit short
but you know we welcome him some of the
mods were telling me you know some of
the mods can't show up all the time and
we don't want anyone single mod to be
overwhelmed so you know we're we're
adding new people and you know we add
people on recommendations from other
mods and yeah so we appreciate you
looking out for the chat mister shy
smile we we bid you good luck you should
use it for good use it for good
it's defined by me
avianna thank you for subscribing every
you know what like we get the what the
fuck not really appreciate our we really
do appreciate it thank you we've really
appreciate it also efficiency level
maximum excellent name excellent name
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it we're getting sporadic
what the fucks is what was my thinking
all right rich is finishing up his lunch
oh I suppose I don't oh yeah that's what
he called it one time so I found it
amusing so that's what I called it
schmuck what boy time thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
also Wilkinson the clown thank you for
subscribing we super appreciate it
no I didn't see any of the new footage
from no man's sky well I mean I would
assume okay so I'm gonna start playing
Master of Orion - now you can select
whatever you want you can click them
there's different ones 5ez average hard
impossible I'm gonna start on impossible
yeah I'm gonna need tutor galaxy sounds
for what we're doing small small galaxy
age a British average is average doesn't
make much sense until I explain the
other two okay click on the other one so
we got organic-rich lots of planets that
can support life and you can grow lots
of food easily okay okay the
mineral-rich one someone obviously
easier to find minerals your industry
will build up faster okay so which one
you want Everett balance between the two
yeah balance okay um five players um how
many a eyes do you wanna fight I mean
small galaxy don't get nuts so four
players maybe three okay I do I do a
small galaxy
I have no idea what I'm about to Yuri
we'll find out you're starting
technology level
free warp average or post worm free warp
just start with sir average average yeah
sometimes it up you start you start with
a thingy colony ship at a scout ship on
average okay I like that on pre-warp you
have to research work drives before you
even get out the space no okay
oh that's a good question can we hunker
down in this game okay do I want any of
these things okay
random events yes and antarean all right
you guys I want to make sure I explain
fully how blind I'm going yeah oh yeah
yeah okay that was my thinking I have
literally never heard of this game it's
great here we go they need to remake it
alright we're now No oh fuck what the
fuck
Coco Phillips 76 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate race oh
I want to be a sadist name different
races have different stats okay I'm not
gonna tell you them all right some of
them are like research-focused
the humans are diplomacy focused like
the clock ons they're industry focused
or if you're feeling daring you could go
to custom oh my I could be a Cthulhu you
gonna be a Cthulhu monster I could be a
silikal a dude it'd be a rock man they
don't have to worry about food sure but
part of their industry feeds the
population
I could be a cat person ma'am that's
great
you could be a Borg the Boozer Raider
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
don't forget I'm very hesitant to say
this view it and Jays manhole thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
hopefully your Jays manhole you can tell
us where to get all the buff dudes
everyone but Jay appreciate agree I
thought that was a pretty good episode
I'll tell you what um I'm right now I am
I'm debating between being the human or
the sexist at least it was fun
customers fun well I mean you get to
pick your own pluses and minuses but oh
okay like just the show just show you
what it does I used to look what picture
you want to be so you can be any of
these pictures so I'll be the sexy alien
and then oh my god no these mean nothing
to me that's too much that's too much
too much okay that's fine go back go
back
how do you go back I can't go back I
think we're already there fuck there we
go there we go I hate escape jack sure
and magnus pj pew pew bang this pu thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it also could be magnus poo probably
probably okay i mean so for how long is
an average game i mean well we run small
yeah not too long is there possibility
for more than one game so there's a
possibility you will die early cuz
you've never played before but you
aren't playing on tutor um for small
galaxies you probably want something
production focused
she often if your cuz you don't know any
of these things very well
maybe the Saqqara or the clack ons
clacks clack ins the cotton lungs the
bug creature food production plus one
industrial production plus one large
homeworld uncreate evander ativ means
you can't pick what you research next
you can usually under researched here
you get to pick between one of three
things okay with the uncreated trait it
randomly picks one for you let's be I
want to be the sexy aliens you can do
that okay you can do that I want to be
this they're not terrible for a small
galaxy they build ships faster ah but I
think they build everything else slow
okay what's your name what's your rulers
name
Oh my rulers name is going to be now if
you build your own race you can name the
race yeah oh okay well because everyone
is so okay
McGee huh I think you spell it's pretty
it's pronounced flat but flat but McGee
my banner color will be oh that's a nice
color I like that okay okay
enter a home star name okay I'll give
this one to you you can take the home
oh that I actually like that manhole oh
okay that manhole oh well if I die soon
I'll play the cyclic codes then then I
can say it like I say sexy leaves you
experiment with the customers yeah all
right okay all right okay so the race
you chose yeah they're telepathic so
they kind of already you don't have to
worry about exploring so much they know
where things are doing the obvious thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
okay now you see ya the Orion's are a
long dead race they had amazing
technology but they have mysteriously
vanished their planet is sitting there
there's you if you manage to take a Ryan
all kinds of technology but it's guarded
by a super ultra powerful spaceship oh
that will utterly decimate you and with
the small galaxies you're probably not
gonna have enough time to invest in
enough technology to take it down okay
okay so the Orion Guardian will rape you
okay
you see up next to Orion that little
dragon this one yeah this is a picture
of dragon yeah some of the stars are
guarded by space
like it's like a space crystal a space
amoeba okay
those stars usually have really good
planets but you have to beat the monster
in order to colonize it okay okay and
then these guys have ships you are I'm
right here man hollows right here oh yes
are we renamed our planet so yeah
there's there's your planet yeah and
there's your little ship next to the
planet okay look on man holy weights
turd Ferguson thank you for subscribing
I'm really appreciated so cook on
manhole oh yeah yeah that's your star
system the planets in your star system
that's a lovely gallon this is swamp
planet which you know is decent
producing food whatnot okay oh she's
planet okay and there's a all right all
right click on that click on the terror
yeah this is your little colony scream
like those you see those little people
yeah the Terra parent spring yeah that
like represents what percent is you of
your population is doing what like
happier people are dedicated to making
food yeah you got one little guy
dedicated to building things yeah and
then you got three research guys they
research the technology great okay over
to the far far right you see that little
thing that says change this could change
you can choose what you're building at
any given point no if you want you can
build a colony base the colony base will
colonize like that swamp planet you saw
yeah or you could build like a scout
ship or a colony ship to colonize other
planets oh you can send your scout ship
look around and see what's what's in the
planets Nick near you okay so though I
think with the race you chose you
automatically know you just click on
right so I probably want a colony based
again
okay make it out to all on the screen it
tells you how many turns it takes before
that's done it's going to be a lot
because you don't have many people
invested in right in building and this
race builds slower than average you
might not have enough food if you take
somebody from food production see what
happens but you can just click on it and
move them over all right I don't see any
red so I think there'd be like a red X
or something if you doesn't have enough
food so I think you're good okay great
great let's build let's do it okay
return so return and then close you can
click on your little ship and send your
ship around or you could probably
because you're a psychic racer let me
just click on the nearby planets and see
what's there if you want to colonize one
of these like toxic oh that's horrible
what about towel ooh
large green ocean it's ocean planner
ocean planets don't hold as many people
in general but Sun Praxis bear in Star
Trek reference breakfast yeah ooh a gas
Johnny that's the Klingon room that
explodes in you nah undiscovered country
oh well there you go gas giant some of
these you might not
none of these are it might not have the
range for that's okay
you can focus on building up in your own
system but some good plants in your own
system some of them say mineral-rich
yeah those are decent ones if you want
to medium barren uninhabitable
what about thock natives that means
there's a there's like a savage race on
that planet oh can we can we convert
them to archive you can get over there
yeah they go firm for you well it's all
they do they can just farm that's great
I love it all right well those people
are probably gonna get there first
yes okay all right well then I'm just
gonna hang out on manhole over oh you
know what you know what you want to do
you see that little green microscope
yeah click on that connection okay you
can click on one of these things you
want to research advanced engineering so
anti-missile rockets reinforced hull
that'd be nice reinforced hull
biospheres I know this is a lot to get
dropped on there's no tutorial they live
and die on your own right uh you know
what I like to read that reinforced hull
I like being able to take a couple hits
okay oh oh you know what what okay see
this this thing on the right has
information like like the top yeah
negative two things that's food okay
so you're moving that farmer over wasn't
good Oh cuz you're minus 2 food now so
you can take a researcher probably
yeah okay let's see how that looks now
now we're we're zero is good under the
coins yeah
you say the well-acquainted on that's
your tax you can change your tax rate
for a colony you get a little bit more
money you can use the money to build
things quicker okay yeah did you build
slow it might might be a good idea to
raise the tax a little bit like I think
a high tax rate can affect morale we go
20 or 30 even 20 I'll go 20 I don't
wanna I don't wanna be crazy with the
taxes all right you're you're a space
despot my people work hard and I want I
believe in trickle-down alien check the
race your pick you picked has a feudal
government hmm you can do whatever you
want to those filthy serfs oh yeah let's
go
fuck him how about that the thing under
that you know fritters that's worry
about building those later okay
okay okay now click on the microscope
okay
oh you already did this I'm done I'm not
reviewing right now we can click on
enter
okay Wow oh look at them they build
ships already they see you everyone
starts off with a couple ships like you
have one - yeah but click on ok click on
your ship say look they got they got
plays I don't I don't I click on your
ship so you can see your ships you have
two Scouts and a comedy show if there
was a one of those planets nearby you
you can actually I'm totally stupid I'm
just starting on pre-warp yeah you could
colonize one of those other planets near
you right away oh fuck we got to do that
let's go to that kinda well this you can
do one in your own system or you can
send it out to one of those other
planets and if you send it out to one of
the other planets that kind of expands
your reach all those other planets were
decimate no I don't if this is the same
strategic decision that you must make um
you know what I'm doing hunker and down
you're hunkered down we're gonna go to
the swamp planet here it's rich yeah
fuck yeah but it's high gravity which
might counteract the richness suck that
gravity man fuck gravity well but the
research tree at some point the research
tree there's like gravity generators and
whatnot that guy takes away the penalty
ah so wait what I want to do build calm
yeah fucking build the colony there I'll
build a colony fuckin anywhere well shit
yeah boom yeah I mean way more than I
could ever explain to you Jay but you
know why cuz I can't explain it to me
yet Jay we told people to farm that's
what we just did we do sit on the chat
you told me become farmers no no I
wouldn't recommend it it's not very Luca
our own citizens oh well farm is far
long yeah all right we did it
there's full-on space panels okay
Master of Orion tool so I could send a
scout ship somewhere yeah I mean you
already know what's there though there's
no there's no reason for your race to
scout the other races yeah
they don't start with that they just see
the star or they don't even see a name
oh yeah that's what the Scout ships are
for but the race you chose towpath they
just use their brains to know what's
their star system it's fucking I fucking
love it I love every minute of it I love
every goddamn minute of it okay so wait
I have I have 33 turns to build the
thing yep it's a resurgent researchers
that's right you couldn't you could
focus on after you build this colony
base or maybe even before yeah just
start building like like like worships
oh yeah let's do the fucking that why
are we building the stupid-ass colony
it's not building the coming and just
start building worship fuck yeah all
right we're gonna colonize no shit I
want to blow shit up all right change
you see all right now you see the
freighter colony outpost outpost instead
of building like a colony on one of
their shit planets yeah you could put an
outpost there and that also extends your
reach okay she can do outpost and some
warships and you can try to make your
way to one of the other races to try and
blow them obelisk and those are the
different types of ships you can build
right now no she no she no you don't you
don't have that research yet they they
they they're gonna be with the best
technology you have available right you
can refit them later
right what you've once you've built
better weapons oh we're researching
shields right now I don't remember which
one you should get that you chose
reinforced hold that's pretty good too
okay that's better I mean that's
nothing so wait I need an outpost ship
first or you could build it doesn't
matter where what are you doing it yeah
I mean you do outpost or of warships any
bolts have reached the other races okay
forget that my post ship and we'll build
a you could build like one big shipper
you can build a bunch of small ones or
that's what I'm looking at I don't even
know what these do I know you told
electronic computer it has an electronic
computer that's great they're all gonna
have that oh yeah this one has laser
cannons and nuclear bombs big ship fifty
to a hundred and fifty two turns and
I've only been to one through one turn
yeah Jesus fuck well Bruce you know
what's your industry is better yeah and
build-up and yet more people and you
have better industry equipment that
number those numbers go down okay I want
to I want to fail a flail I mean it
might make ship since the build like a
lot of small ones yeah yeah okay alright
we're good to go
fuck all right well great man that's my
thing yeah you just built oh I see you
like these assholes are scouting over
yeah okay but we don't give a fuck cuz
we already know that there there's
nothing over here that one has a good
thing to colonize tricky thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it tricky okay
okay okay so what you see this is not
much point in Scouting there's you know
where everything is because you have to
telepathic race so I could just hit the
turnbuckle
when my ships get bailed on your colony
I just hit it a bunch of times
understanding manhole oh oh that's
manhole Oh
- which one is mine this one see if you
click on by that's what the taxes are
for oh do I have money to buy it it's
not grayed out you have enough money to
buy an outpost ship there is not what if
it's the buy thing isn't grayed out I
think you could purchase that financed
by it it's basically it's less efficient
or quicker
let's do it okay got it great next great
turn we christen a new ship they'll push
it next Q is the flail okay so where do
you wanna send your up o ship you want
to attack the blue you want to go to
attack the blue people or the yellow
people Oh probably want to get those
blue people okay strange coincidence
we did we did they the people in the
chat they have wanted us to name it man
all I said okay that's funny that's
exactly what happened where you go there
bring okay okay so just close all right
turn and turn boom we're there you're
close to there boom click my ship now
yeah these people we don't care about
these planets right cuz they just make
it all pushy and you can do around the
gas giant if you arm doesn't matter just
building just building an outpost so you
don't get any the only benefit you get
is you extend the reach of your empire
right you can only travel so far from
any one of your systems okay click on
the little ship that's next one
another colony god goddamn it cut
diamond oh you said the Scouts what you
said the Scouts not the combination not
the auto-ship you sent the wrong ships
dumbbell outpost that's it your own
system send it yeah there you go
I don't know what's going on okay now
he's there all right okay
it's like the planet - transcendent
Hammond wall well it's not post so it
doesn't matter okay you can know you get
no benefits from it other than your
reach okay well it's that great can okay
all right now you might want to refit
your Scout ships into warships can I do
that yeah I don't think your Scout ships
have any weapons so I need to send a man
you need to send it back to the first
colony that's motherfucker it's got the
people that build things okay
oh no oh shit oh shit you've made
contact with somebody
oh shit
sacré ambassador pray to whatever gods
motivate you slack but Mickey we are
coming for your ships your planets and
your people fucking right so these
lizard people yeah obviously they're
highly aggressive yeah I noticed that
about like sometimes the leaders like
they have different traits he can be
extremely warlike they could be
xenophobic sure or they could be like
open diplomacy okay so you are what
passes for an emperor of the aileron
Kingdom you are truly much more pathetic
than I ever imagined
oh let's go they're not a war with you
oh the other two are at war with each
other
oh great so nice yeah go fuck each other
up nice still weeds can I do anything
with my post shipper it's just there
it's it's it's just even more easily you
reach the other racists and your worship
seven okay all right so are your they're
back okay click on your colony okay oh
my god let me actually look on the
builds things I have mad cash trying to
remember where to go to refit
yeah there's a refit button this your
two Scouts look what to see what scars
have today yeah
it's now the Scout doesn't have any
weapon she has one laser cannon actually
this stiletto what does that have two
laser laser so they don't have as much
range okay as far as the distance they
can travel that's fine but if our goal
is going to be just to blow other people
up quickly yes you might want to turn
those into little washers okay and then
we'll refit the other ones also be a
stiletto yes okay
let's see if we can buy this play all I
have
Richard can it reach that that other
system then that reback the one the rat
they have what your any oh you're
subscribing ville we can't check it out
okay but I'll have a new one okay can I
reach one that system Quadra No
five parsecs so we're gonna need to
research something that will let us
travel further can you click on the
research thing the the green microscope
like like you see done in chemistry
advanced sorcery chemistry yeah fuel
cells yeah that extends the range or
ships out great so if you research that
you might be able to reach them great
and then you can Bob them can I go to
the outpost and then go to them what's
the what's the the outpost extend your
range
it just didn't extend it enough okay but
I'm do I want to wait twenty three more
turns to get my recourse all right ah
cuz this is ninety three two one hundred
ninety three turns as that research
points not necessarily terms your your
scientists generate so many research
points turn
how do I eat tell me this yeah here's
something that's very important yeah
how do I get yeah more people in here
they naturally they have sex they
naturally recruits really yes they grow
over time until there's as many people
that's kind of fucked up if you want to
speed it up yeah you can actually change
your research to building housing oh
really you probably would rather have
the ships okay what ships are built if
you want to tell them to have more sex I
do you can do that I have more sex
it'd be like Robo jacks like encouraging
ya procreation
about procreation no I'm always thinking
about procreation but I specifically
think about we drop the stream
you
I find myself when I'm streaming here I
hunch forward and then the second I get
in my car afterwards my back hurts
so I'm concentrating very heavily I'm
like in theory we're back
in theory our finally our technical
difficulties wallpaper paid off
someone made us a technical difficulties
wallpaper little rich and I cartoon with
like Simpsons s with cuckoo clocks
coming out of our heads it's awesome and
I just said it as a default wallpaper
knowing that we have technical problem
Hey okay we're back great Jack's head
exploded
so I am taking over for the game this
this is a look tad too slow for me
and there's just too many things that I
don't know okay and so and then like
you're trying to explain them all to me
exactly and so I don't know if that
would necessarily be entertaining for
everyone else and so rich is taking over
this is also like rich is playing on the
easiest setting and so if he does not
dominate this I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
disappointed they want to have like we
got the guy who called us a weakling
yeah okay I'm going to dice okay cool
yeah I wouldn't call this like I
wouldn't call it ADHD I'm concerned more
about your entertainment and you know
with it with FTL with a game like FTL
which uh normy like jay finds boring
there's enough like there's enough laser
battles in it for me to keep me
entertained so I can deal with the
resource management this is this is Star
Trek there are there are there are
eventually yes I swear they're not
they're not laser battles soon enough
for me humble Jackson I did see Dumb and
Dumber - ok have you seen Devin number 2
curiosity it's way worse than you could
it's creepy yeah and it is the whole
thing the exact same story um similar
yeah and then they hit very similar
beats to play in your nostalgia like
equally it's so it's not just like old
men acting like children which is
awkward enough but the point of the
movie is that Jeff Daniels is a kidney
transplant or something and so it's like
a sickly old man doing pratfalls is not
entertaining at all
it's just terrible
just terrible
I do love this music this seems like
music that you meditate to in the future
the guy from hands of Steel may die
yeah isn't like yeah just like a minor
so like he's witty girl
good for him I mean he's still oh I have
Jay has a mic sorry if you can't hear
J okay now you should be able to hear J
I had his turn down all the way because
he wasn't here the beginning
working I think we showed Jay the strafe
trailer did it go down again
that might just be on your head it's
still up for me yes there you go we
showed we showed Mike the strafe
commercial today and we many giggles
were had we showed that to you right the
90s like blood coming out of the
computer for the the first-person
shooter maybe yes very good we got to
talk to the guy who made that he called
in on Sunday because he's also the
developer of the game the guy who made a
commercial and we were playing the game
we got an early copy no we're like we
were he sent out a tweet saying like if
anyone is a streamer or a youtuber we
want to get word out about the
Kickstarter so I'll give you a very
broken pre-alpha version of one level of
the game
and I emailed them and I was like I want
one he was checking out the stream and I
was doing this so bad at the game oh
yeah
yeah I was doing so bad that he decided
he needed to call in yes
whoa
yeah how about now
oh sorry everybody the film space cop
sorry headphone users yeah
now James good ok great ok so I was
doing so bad at the game because they're
they make you know a lot of references
to these early 90s first-person shooters
which I haven't played and so I get to a
point and I can't move forward anymore
and it's just like where the fuck do I
go where the fuck's we go I get is this
the end this can't be the end I'm
missing something
and it was a reference to a doom video
game where there were elevators that in
exact and he ended up talking to us for
like two hours yeah just about
developing the game and making the
commercials game yeah and it works
I'm sure other people had something to
do with it as well but they made their
Kickstarter
so I congratulate chess you're moving
you're moving releases forward those
bishops that's the space battle would we
ever talk on stream with the fans I
don't know never we said before no I
think we've said that's you know we
don't know you we don't know any of you
I suppose we didn't know him either
well you know he developed a game there
was some debate at like after he hung up
the phone or was just like we didn't
really check if that was him or not he
spent two hours with a complete stranger
things just bullshitting it could it
have known he was and he actually they
made a Kickstarter update releasing this
level that they raised to streamers and
it was like a specific note about like
and if you're dumb these are what doom
elevators look like they put a jack
disclaimer I put in a jack is so dumb so
maybe other people might be that dumb
disclaimer
yeah big round that's exactly what it be
an open Skype call to the fans of BJ's
you send pics of your ass exactly my god
I won't by the way faith speaking of
Kickstarter I'm going to present this
information with no further coming you
know samurai cop 2 did a Kickstarter yes
for their film yeah and they it was what
do they call it when you get your goal
success it's just a successful kickstart
so they did that there's a successful
Kickstarter they've been shooting the
movie yeah now they have an IndieGoGo so
that's just the thing that exists what
they reach to their kicks they reach
their Kickstarter which Kickstarter you
have to make your goal in order to get
the money did that and I'll have an
IndieGoGo which is just whatever you get
you get to keep right so I just thought
that was interesting
presenting that without commentary yeah
can I come or should we all presenter
without comment I don't think it needs a
calm
there was another big game Kickstarter
con revealed recently oh yeah someone
was making some sort of dinosaur themed
survival game and
had a successful Kickstarter well
exceeded their goals started a steam
early access which means that you can
sell the full versions of the game even
though it's not done yet okay which is
kind of like a Kickstarter and now the
person who's actually making the game
hasn't been able to get in contact with
the producer for the past like two
months oh wow it's like well I guess
that's it
all the money's gone game's not
happening a Kickstarter that did finally
happen Harry Knowles finally made a show
up for two years one show it was a
series up how many have been released
yet two or three but I watched part of
one and it's the most intolerable thing
it's just awful good hey may he made it
in a few years and it seems to be cuz it
at the beginning it says like this
episode's sponsored by this company in
this company in this company and no
mention at all of the Kickstarter it's
like did he already have the money in
place and if you have me just discussing
well he got out of his taxi shoots right
that's unrelated though no no no no I'm
just curious I know I know you remember
yet twenty dollars in tax you know back
taxes yeah completely unrelated to the
fixer offices Kim sorry for how much
I don't know $3,000 and maybe I I want
to say it was right around the same
amount as the taxes but yeah I'm sure
that's just a car ah funny it's all just
a crazy coincidence out someone here in
the chat has a very poignant quote barf
we're not doing this for the money we're
doing this for a shitload of money
thank you but I challenge ok Canonsburg
any of you go to any cool news and I
dare any of you to make it through one
whole episode any cool news chance of
challenge if you if you're a fan of
close-ups of that guy's face just
sputtering incoherently about nonsense
you will love this show by the way is
that purple dinosaur like supposed to be
sexy because it's in kind of a sexy pose
isn't it kind of like one of those like
they are objecting here at the scarlet
johansson but to the camera also like
looking over her shoulder the Scarlett
Johansson of a purple dinosaurs don't
you think what the fuck
Clem Pham dango thank you for
subscribing we varied the depreciated
barney's the John good look don't you
click away from that purple dinosaur
again look at him you look at you look
at that sexy yeah
yeah oh and I
speaking of Kickstarter's that have been
somewhat scams that's unrelated to any
other Kickstarter sure no you're right
you're absolutely right I'm so for some
reason scam your changes
speaking of successful Kickstarter I got
an email today because I am a backer of
the Double Fine adventure game
Double Fine adventure game day if you
don't remember he's the game that had a
goal of like 80,000 and made three
million yes
but bigger named in the production
company world famous adventure game
maker wanted to make an old-school point
click adventure game nerds got right on
board so they made that much more money
right
still ran out of money so they had to
split the game into two parts and sell
the first part to the norms to help fund
the second part and you know they did
like they they've been very kind of
they've been very transparent about cost
and you know like a lot of that is like
you know for example if you pay for a
t-shirt you have to get the t-shirt made
a lot of that ghosts of physical rewards
not in their pocket oh sorry the goal
was 400,000 and they made three million
3.3 million thank you thank you guys
very much
as long as as long as they're
transparent yes
but episode episode 2 is almost ready
for beta which I'm very excited I've
been holding off playing episode 1 our
our they're only going to be two yes
there are only two so far I guess right
I'm waiting - playing - yes but it's
been nice and they've also been making a
semi-regular behind-the-scenes video
about the production and about the
creative process in general which has
been amazing been worth me backing just
to be able to watch that like just to
watch people make games in their
decisions creative oh sorry rich explain
solution no one knows what's happening
well no one seems to be interested in so
I you stop caring right like what are
you doing now how do you fight you take
shooting at each other okay I have them
outnumbered but most of my ships are
smaller and weaker am I win
they might almost certainly win okay I
just got sick of waiting for my large
ship I'm building a large gesture okay
which is not done yet yeah and the other
side of the story here is like
laughingstock media says I didn't even
realize you guys were playing because
how it works sometimes yeah oh yeah rich
has been playing since this dream bro
yeah Jax quite tiny crocodile brand
couldn't quite grasp especially probably
a bit much to get this it would a to
call this a learning curve is a gross
understatement
especially because like the last week
I've been playing nothing but
first-person shooters which is about as
simple a game as you can come by
no Blomkamp's Elysium was not terrible
Blomkamp's Elysium it's good it's good
it it is a tab - what's the opposite of
subtlety yeah and it it it's a tad too
much fat but the world is really nice
the effects are really nice it's it's a
really cool movie it's not as good as
district 9 but of course district 9 came
out of nowhere
yeah so I as far as like the rumors on
Blomkamp's alien I think they're just
rumors at this point if this is the sexy
foreplay
well there's also making Prometheus - I
think that's still happening is that so
much so you can't ever need these two
and
I don't think ping Gwyneth's Pinguin
ist's thank you for subscribing very
much appreciated
I think it's like a pianist but with
penguins
what oh yeah by the way I am excited for
Jackie it looks fun I know nothing about
it besides seeing the robot I mean I
enjoy robots and movies Hugh Jackman
no but I want to I fuckin on it it's a
robot boxing movie it's robot jacksie
because a million movies come out every
year
I just can't Oh a parently Blomkamp
released something on Instagram saying
the alien movie is officially happy
I mean Instagram she said I heard that
yeah the third movie but let's stop
before making a horse say it's one of
her clones or something
yeah Real Steel look like Rock'em
Sock'em robots the movie yeah which is
something I would totally watch it
I'm usually a pretty big sucker for that
over-the-top father-son relationship you
know the other day Oh over this one I
saw over the top because I watch it at
least twice a week every three days so
it's like you know two and a half times
a week because it's overtime what the
fuck
slack oh six thank you for subscribing
no I saw the the Sherman and mr. Peabody
movie I watched it by myself because not
the worst not the most offensive kids
movie I've ever seen
it has a few pop-culture references no
not a few hundred just a few mmediately
dated immediately so there's a few that
they did but not super bad and they
actually created a little story out of
it it's fine
you know like for anyone who's ever seen
the Rocky and Bullwinkle show where
Sherman and mr. Peabody came out of it's
like how do you make a story out of a
little kid in a dog and so they they did
something with it I guess it wasn't
incredibly offensive
$14.99 action boris and Natasha I
remember that yeah it was Dave Thomas
Thomas from SCTV yeah did like a live
action
yes no Morris in the Tosh up for some
reason your mic went dead because that's
awesome
Jay's mic went dead oh that could be it
what the fuck what the fuck Jimmy of the
jam nobody what wasn't working now this
is so confident
I'm talking about levels now can you
hear me now can you hear me now can you
hear me now might be one of the worst
references yeah I could ever think
where's the beef that's right where is
the P where's the beef where's the beef
would be a better reference because it
is old was the new best of the worst the
longest yet it might be the longest it's
a little over an hour
yeah the discussion was like over two
hours and I know Mike in trouble choppin
that down which it didn't feel like we
talked that long
professor physics thank you for
subscribing
much appreciated pretty much yeah it
felt they felt good the episode yeah
felt like a good pace Mike decided to
keep in a couple of the outtakes
I mean we're funny but it was just like
you know that's fine that's fine
sometimes when we're reading we mess up
reading and then usually we just start
over so we read the whole thing
continuously so we don't sound like
whole will fuck up but you keep it in
when it's funny yeah that's true
it's and the goal with editing is to
make everybody else look horrible
alright you can usually tell when Mike's
edited an episode or when I got it yes
or with just half in the bag cuz if
that's just me and Mike and it's mean my
Kennedy hmm whoever comes across the
dumbest is probably not the one that
edited the episode Ritchie's thinking to
himself oh that's right Mike did keep in
the savage two line which I thought was
oh yeah he kept in his own fuck-ups I
forgot about that
yes I knew Mike edited the episode when
we got the J in LA segment absolutely Oh
God
I've walked right into that one oh the
only thing I was trying to get across is
that there's lots of like beautiful
people in LA no it's true and then I
made it worse for myself talking about
how I have some Native American in me no
I wasn't thinking about it it was
beautiful I just wasn't thinking about
it was great
you guys are funny you say funny things
sometimes and I like it yeah they do I
mean I'm not gonna repeat
now I was definitely laughing
can I live this I'm just watching the
episode I was like well enough time has
passed since we shot it or it's sort of
like you kind of forget about some of
the stuff absolutely
Oh mr. ad man Mike didn't put the word
sexist over J when he was talking about
the the alienator chick that just
happens naturally yeah sometimes words
just appear in front of us it's really
weird it's very strange we're looking
into it
tink it's a ghost could be a go I think
it's a ghost eyes I'm still saying
medical condition oh oh yeah like that
we all have like as an airborne thing I
do I think it has something with like
the Milwaukee area in general okay so
I'm very was called too many cooks yeah
oh that reminds me Jack do you know much
about the David Cross Adult Swim how bub
that's going on now where David Cross is
claiming that the one of the top guys at
Adult Swim stole his idea the late-night
programming with like too many cooks and
some of the other things oh I don't know
I don't know the details of it so I
can't really comment I guess no he's
claiming that Daddy of its starting like
like an infomercial and then degenerated
into weirdness like he pitch that to him
a couple years ago I guess that's all I
know
I haven't read up on
no I know I have not I'm not ready Oh oh
good you leave those big dinosaurs alone
you know I think David Cross is an asset
I've never much cared for them across I
like a stand up he comes across a little
abrasive in real life he comes across
like a bit of a dickhead yeah yeah I
think that's kind of his thing yeah yeah
I remember I remember enjoying him like
on other stuff I'm you know like seeing
mr. show and enjoying him on mr. show
and then like when he started doing his
storytelling stand-up listening to that
and just stopping work just thinking
that he was a huge asshole he would tell
these stories and of course I mean when
he told them
Craig good nation Craig a nation thank
you for subscribing her very much
appreciate it like him always his
stories he would sound like a bigger
jerk yeah he kind of comes across full
of himself kind of pompous yeah yeah
which can work either so to stand up I
think is really funny though sure it
doesn't come across like a like an act
like he's heightening it you know Freud
for the act right he just kind of seems
like he actually is that way yes that's
what makes it work yeah mr. Cheryl I
like Arrested Development yeah oh he's
great you barely directed a movie wrote
and directed a movie recently who's on
yo d cool hits I haven't seen him you're
the only person I know that says VOD
really what do you call it
you gotta called something streaming
okay streaming is different than video
on demand as both yeah I mean the idea
is like when you rent it through like
Amazon or I to through a stream sir
three streaming service yeah I don't
know if you're struck me as funny you
saying I know you see you were saying it
earlier with something else and it's
just like I got hasn't gotten in from
somewhere it's accurate I just know what
he calls about yeah I don't know if you
were doing Billa HECO says he calls it
VOD - right maybe it's an age
when is the rlm Kickstarter look for it
tomorrow it'll be up tomorrow possibly
with accompanied by something else if we
can still do that we need that we need
to do a Kickstarter to be able to afford
to launch our IndieGoGo sure and then
once we have that any go-go money then
we can launch our GoFundMe GoFundMe yeah
great and then really the GoFundMe is
only going to cover some of the PayPal
expenses yes for the direct PayPal
deposits right but all of this is going
towards getting everybody at red letter
media some sensible shoes it's very
important did not see that coming
yeah you guys guessing that 6e space
dinosaur
it's just hunched over like a dinosaur I
don't know but it's kind of like just
the way that it has a year seen what you
want to see it has like a little like
not a thong but you know like a alien
aid or metal phone I think you're seeing
what you want to see that's that's
that's very possible
that is better
rich doesn't need a new car running
kind of that's right I'm kind of
yeah
I was very upset with what
and I've always upset bus no they're
saying I was upset Oh what were you
upset about I don't know I'm trying to
figure it out
jack is into dinosaurs
check jack is in the dinosaurs Jay is in
the buff men from LA riches into Karen
we're all in two different things
thank you Robert bizarre job that was
very funny oh that's oh yes I liked
Theodore Rex oh yeah
liked as a bad movie I know I liked it
as a bad I haven't seen better call Saul
yet have you seen better person I still
haven't made my way through
Breaking Bad I don't want what's pretty
bad I just want to watch better cross
off yeah cuz I like Bob oh yeah
the first episode is free streaming
everywhere oh yeah so the pie I'm
curious how much like if you have to
have any knowledge of Breaking Bad to
watch it or
I don't know either
well I do know that that Amazon Prime
men in high castles got picked up oh
you're talking about that show right
yeah it was on their pilot season and it
got picked up for a full season it was
very exciting
that's the philip k dick based off of
the filipino
better call Saul has a lot of Breaking
Bad references
the question is references that are okay
as long as they don't take like where
you're like what what is this what's
happening so if that's the case that's
fine part Parnell no I will not please
pardon my involuntary exhalation of dust
and particulates from my nostrils okay
why because even though it's an
involuntary bodily response I'm
embarrassed by making it in front and so
then you can you can say that you
acknowledge my involuntary
response because if you're comfortable
sitting out god dammit god dammit
so her bless you Jack thanks but Lakha
that wacky thought dad wacky Thor I feel
his Thunder cleansing me
what the what
hold on Imams black needs to refill his
beverage what I mean
like dinosaurs no there man that I think
that's understandable you got other
dinosaurs to choose from Carter's a
dinosaur I'm sorry I'm sorry
Jagga ask was today's best of the worst
the first time a beer bottle broke on
rlm despite the floor cushion yeah
that's the thing we didn't we didn't
want it to break because it's an actual
bottle that Mike brought back from
Canada so we put down the mattress or we
put on some foam and it just bounced off
the foam and broke I think they make
their beer bottles much much lighter in
Canada they they're careless they don't
know what they're doing up there but in
the other best of the worst that we shot
that'll probably be up eventually
there's more bottle action and there's
an amazing moment that I think was
captured on camera I still don't see
what just the footage the footage or I
was looking what happened oh okay it's
it's amazing I hope it shows up small
enough on camera where you can see
what's going on yeah the next best of
the worst
I'm sorry about that see we have we
intentionally were trying to make it not
break and then explode we were in the
midst of a different bit where I was
saying Oh for a long amount of time and
the baha broke its oops the dupes very
funny
I blame Tom Green yeah if anyone knows
where to get more Tom green beer you
gotta go to Canada someone in Canada
send us more time green beer apparent
was it good or did they just have the
bottle I don't know I think he just
brought down the bottle because he
thought it was funny I don't know if I
mean I think he drank it - I don't know
but he just brought back the bottle just
cause it's Tom green beer can I be
honest with you for a second
yes sorry I'm just saying people asked
like is the next best of the worst more
sci-fi movies and I'm thinking in my
head I cannot tell you what movies we've
watched for the last month for the first
really was that last week yeah the last
week each other I had trouble with that
earlier today III didn't watch the
movies but I remember what they were
from the discussion from filming the
discussion oh oh yes I was about to say
what they all worth what I should do
that don't you do that yeah I just
remembered what one of them is in that
clued me all I'll say isn't one of them
was another Fredo and rain Fredo unrated
alienated but he also said Fretilin ray
didn't like 100 he's done tons and tons
of movies now he mostly does like like
jim wynorski was kind of another b-movie
guy from that era now both of them
they've mainly just do like she Cinemax
softcore movies cuz there's no B movies
anymore that's true that market doesn't
exist there's a documentary about Jimmy
norske called Papadopoulos that's uh I
wish it delve more into that but it does
talk about that now like the type of
movies that they used to make like
there's not a market for it there's no
money for it so
they've resorted to Jeff's doing these
cheapo softcore movies for cable it's
kind of sad it's kind of sad you would
think there would be a market for you
know there's like sharknado that's it
that's that type of movie is the only
thing that exists anymore
yeah the the movies made would love and
by people that love B movies that grew
up with like drive-in movies like that
doesn't exist anymore
I suppose you could you know most of
them you can it doesn't matter anymore
because we have access to every movie
ever made
yeah you know before you'll never see
another Escape from New York like that
level of movie yeah there's there's
great filmmakers that will never be
discovered because then we have an
opportunity to make it cheap yeah well
yet for me made movie yeah escape from
New York's a little I'm talking about
more of like the directive video stuff
okay but that - yeah like that
definitely doesn't exist anymore like
movies made like that budget that can
actually get out there and do I think
there is still world where filmmakers
like we have the Internet
sure well what happened this it'll make
Lincoln don't make like a low-budget
movie it might do somewhat well and then
they'll get a larger project because of
that yeah but like I saw some great like
last year there's a lot of really great
independent horror movies nobody sees
like I said we called starry eyes that
was great but that's not gonna do like
Escape from New York did back in the day
you know like where it's just a really
successful low-budget movie like that
sure
the definition of success has changed
yes you're gonna pause I'm Rabat okay
sometime

[Part II]
let me know if the games to love people
so well what we decided would be best
he's just talking yeah just talking
because you know it's been a while since
we've had a talkie episode Master of
Orion tube is a bit of a deep deep game
it's not a it's not a shit around and
bullshit it's nobody knows what's
happening in the game so we're gonna
have a so we're gonna sit around a
bullshit for a little bit okay game is
fine now okay so we're gonna sit around
a bullshit while me jack I mindlessly
plays with you Jack and I are all
playing me Jack and I are all gonna play
a little spoiler you because I love this
game and this is a game that I can play
kind of in the back of my brain while I
have a conversation and what I'm trying
to turn Mike some pics
just playing us what are we are we water
enough now or do we need to be louder
did you get rid of your save oh yeah I
want to start the scratch
yeah well fuck you I'm gonna get just
leave it again that's fine you know what
fuck you gotta go visit or is again
that's all right what smells better ham
or coconuts what I'm gonna say ham cuz I
don't like the smell of coconut I done
us
I don't like coconuts I like coconut in
some things
this smells better Pam I like the smell
of ham it's ham hundred percent well
your other bar on smelling ham all day
or coconut
ham ham yeah 100% Hannah all right
Hannah all the goddamn time coconut
you're weird
it's just since the guy who wants to
smell ham all day fuck you I wanna smell
ham all day
smell the gut damn ham in the world
nothing it's just about swapping balance
well swap there are no advantages static
characters it's just different skins and
all right they don't have like like
Mario - they should all have different
abilities what's the point then of
having different characters if they're
all the exact same thing so you can look
like different things when you play who
cares well let's say for example you are
a lady playing this game maybe you want
to play as a lady spelunker okay and
then you have two characters you have a
guy and a girl let's say you're a tiny
asian boy because they have a tiny
Haitian boy kid okay or let's say you're
a robot a robot let's let's say the
problem is like if you have a couple
like a small variety people then your
makes everyone else that isn't it
involved in that like even feel more
excluded sure they also have a very
robust modding community actually I saw
a couple really neat mods there's a
there's a Metroid mod going up where you
can play as Samus and like instead of
crouching down like this you turn into
the more fall and you use your laser
whip and stuff and when you've the night
the space captain on the space got mud
for spelunky yeah we would play the shit
someone someone get on that and by we I
mean me damn near 20 years old hugging
people
like fan missions yeah yeah did I not
get any
oh I'm just gonna say no no I forgot I
had the bomb
stupid tutorials so right now you know
like what if you're an old Chinese guy
and you want to play the game right now
you can't you could feel you can feel
like like you're flying do they have a
little person mod a little person map
yeah
oh they're all kind of little wonderful
but I mean like an ant lay like a Peter
Dinklage like a little person
I mean maybe cuz if they don't then
they're excluding little people and then
that makes them feel worse yeah that's
true what if I'm an old Chinese man who
wants to play as a young black role you
can no you can't go they've got you
covered
don't worry they've got you covered it's
cuz I'm not paying attention because
these are tutorial yeah it's just like
just trying to get through them as fast
as I can
every side all of the time a Warwick
Davis Warwick Davis mine yeah
I'm sure this is where we gave us in
this game there's ever a Walmart or a
Star Wars matters I'm sure there's
something a leprechaun mod mmm that's
where Davis is defining role better or
worse it kind of is once Jack wouldn't
stand it
yeah I did not much care I think I
really liked it simple I like the art I
really like the art and the look of the
game is very fun but in general I did
not
what the fuck indeed split Adam thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it it's true we do so what if he ran as
of yet undiscovered he only had race
that wants to play is your only right
then you have to learn how to monitor
then you should get good but the alien
race they don't understand human
technology not to be able to buy the
game but they understand it enough to
play spelunky they work with an entirely
different alien programming language
they don't have binary they have trinary
oh the programming just makes no sense
to them sure sure what you know I think
I think that could be a great starting
off point with human alien relations III
just I was looking at different
characters to play and I I don't think
I've ever played as the little girl
before it's like I think I play so right
now there's only three but like there's
a bunch that's excluding a lot of people
you couldn't you unlock more as you play
okay
deep down inside jacket really just a
little uh for a lot of things yeah for
many many things I mean you heard me
kill that centipede the other day was
like kill the centipede
there was a centipede on my wall I was
like rose you're just like I'm the on
the street on stream yeah all the sudden
in the corner of my eye I see a fucking
centipede on my wall that's like I can't
play the game I don't don't mind me
I don't know the difference is there a
difference wasn't one of those things
that had so many legs it looks hairy no
okay
it had a lot of legs okay millipedes
visually haven't the shit shit someone
that's right I think this was the sign
of people okay
but I don't know I remember last time
I've seen a centipede been a while hmm
my old old apartment couple apartments
ago had a centipede problem yeah in the
summertime sometimes they just come out
yeah they come out of the woodwork it
happens it happens I know they don't
like do any harm rudder I don't think
they bite or anything they're just gross
they do me harm by grossing me out right
there just yucky nasty I just think
they're yucky
oh you and your exploitation not
exploitation it's a party game it's an
exploitation
this is totally exploitive this is this
is a balanced part of the game they
perfectly balanced portion of the game
that only that you only implement once
you've played the game enough to to
understand all the mechanics and it's
perfect you know high reward but also a
crazy hot fuck scene I was a pay
attention and I and I died instantly
yeah because because I I wanted to just
to run away but I was jumping like a
doofus and I got caught on the ledge
okay and then you can't run away you
have to jump down a bit because I was
fucking around that's what happened you
seen the trailer yeah I guess of course
they're remaking that too yeah that's
the thing is usually I hear about these
remakes like ahead of time yeah I didn't
even know that was a thing and then it's
like all the sudden the trailer was out
it was like oh I guess they got to that
one no no is that really a movie that
needs to be remade no just make another
haunted house movie insidious bit yep
kill another
well they don't kill the girl in the
first movie she gets trapped in the TV
which seems to still be the case it
looks like the exact same movie I'm
referring to the curse Oh Caroline in
real life yeah that's sad innocent she
died the older sister died after the
first movie she the one that was was
murdered by her ex-boyfriend yes yeah
that was the older sister from the first
movie how soon after the movies um well
Carol Anne the little blonde girl from
all three she died I want to say just a
couple months after they filmed the
third movie really yeah she was really
young and the older sister got murdered
after the first movie there's more I
don't know what the other curses are
there's a couple other people that died
it's been so long since I've seen the
second one I don't even remember I don't
think I remember about that is Kirk T
Nelson vomiting up a giant worm monster
it's like bad in the creepy old man it
really scared me as a kid that creepy
old man they found cement yeah yeah he
was fucking creepy yes free piece what
you're going for it worked
yeah that was great that really scared
me as a kid the old men played Kane died
of cancer the question is when I mean it
was old yeah I think snow shock I don't
even call it a curse well I think he
died it after the second one they had
the same character in the third one but
I think it was a different really I
think it's been so long since I've seen
those did he have cancer when they
filmed that because he looks like he
looked like a cancer patient yeah he
looks really bad I'm your CNA in those
movies the poltergeist for the first one
now everyone's in your face
everyone is I mean you know me with
remembering people and things he had
cancer at the time the movie was shot
okay yeah yeah you leave it that's kind
of a cynical yet ingenious casting
decision right if the guy wanted to do
the guy who looks like a corpse find me
a cancer patient I'm assuming it didn't
come about like bad let's let's hope
they didn't do that by me a cancer
patient so this seems quick haha that's
a double bonus though extra incentive to
film quickly which is cheaper tell the
Pedro's chemo sad sad things are
happening pay for his chemo I was
expecting to go further that and then we
won't ha ha that's Hollywood in the
eighties right they do that type of shit
we're lucky he'll die right before we
have to pay them right so next receives
that character we need to draw this on
just a little bit a little bit he was
coughing extra hard last week see what
happens and it should happen
accidentally put sugar why during his
chemo bags I say anything nobody's
checking yeah this is gone
this is how I'm gonna filmmaking 101
that's true I'm just gonna go out and
say I don't think that's true
but I wouldn't be surprised fucking
snakes and spiders de Sade did he look
like Jan Michael they actually the the
cancer patient look far classier than
poor Errol cancer cancer could only
improve Jim Michael Michael Jensen's
looks bright I hadn't seen him since I
saw the episode oh fuck uh jesus H
Christ it was the other guy in that
movie that we didn't even mention that's
on the cover it was Jan Michael Vincent
and some other actor
oh the the Marshall Marsh warden Ward
warden owner of er the two brothers what
are you talking about the guy that's
listed on the front of the box was Jan
Michael Vincent and another guy I think
it's the guy that plays warden word okay
but he was another kind of famous guy we
don't even mention him in the episode I
can't remember what his name is now
so the doctor should have been Cameron
Mitchell yeah everyone should be Cameron
Mitchell my mother's down lately
yeah they can't they can't all be they
can't all be prey
yeah I think we just got the good ones
right up front yeah I think we lucked
out and got the good ones and so we had
a misconception about how all Cameron
Mitchell movies would be although we do
still have on hold Hollywood cop which
we have not done for the show yeah he
gives a great performance in Hollywood
cop when you're down there when you're
down there in the muck in the filth and
there ain't no music down there that
pushes in that pimps and people like you
make that happen you may close all the
doors for you
check out supersonic man Oh supersonic
man and someone else mentioned raw force
sinnerman and mentioned raw force which
we received to blu-ray copies up in the
last couple weeks we probably should do
that sometime
raw force is a great name it's a great
cover - it looks good no it won't be the
next episode they probably won't be the
episode after that either because it'd
be too similar yeah we will do it we've
got so many movies oh yeah is there
absolutely oh yeah no well I believe you
guys you know I just hate honestly don't
even remember shooting did you leave
your body for that episode you're in the
episode I mean I remember scheduling it
it's on the calendar so I know it
happened you just don't remember
anything about the experience that's
weird
I barely remembered the movies
haha yes yes we should it would be very
fitting and no chat jack was not even
drinking for that episode right I think
you had like one beer yo I usually don't
drink much while I'm here because I'm a
lightweight and I have to drive it
wasn't yeah it wasn't it wasn't alcohol
that caused him did not remember and I
just his brain I just had a incredibly
poor memory and also like we shot the
these last two best of the worst
relatively close to one yeah
yeah like all the best of the worst kind
of bleed together but though those two
is special so this team does have spikes
in it it this game has spikes in it okay
yeah oh I suppose I shouldn't have
because you're just gonna delete to save
anyway yeah Ezard
how many snacks did I have that they no
no no or maybe one I think you know
usually on a on a best of the worst
filming I will have one beer like during
the second movie and then one beer
during the discussion maybe maybe but
not all the time I want to say I was
pretty dry for sci-fi sci-fi with left's
and with things on their arm sci-fi with
things in there that's the famous one
but we're not gonna do the warm but hi
I'm deuce I'm just going through them I
have no necessarily mission like like I
said this is just something that I can
play and hold the conversation with you
guys because I've played it so much okay
I just can't even with a leg even with a
game that you know what about with
checkers yeah you see I take checkers
more serious I guess that's true you're
very serious checkers player
did either of you guys but I think you
were stringing at the time the the sir
Night Live 40th anniversary thing did
either he see any of it no screaming
yeah I knew you're streaming I didn't
know if they'd be saw something after
the fact no I got it I got a chance to
watch a little bit of one of the digital
shorts because I know senator made it so
well there was only one yeah the the
Andy Samberg Adam Sandler one yeah yeah
that was cute it was all cute yeah not
all of it I mean it's like any Saturday
live was hitting this but don't Maurice
told the show he did his lounge singer
character and he did a love theme about
jaws and that was great could you make a
good Wayne's World sequel about what
what they're doing today how those two
characters probably not
we're like Dumb and Dumber we're talking
about that like I don't want to see
those characters I'm not that they're as
old as Jeff Daniels and Jim Carrey yeah
I don't think I think they're younger
right but either way they're old enough
where I don't want to see them do that
like gonna skip it's fine just cuz it's
like a you know on a semi life special
but yeah I want to see a movie about it
sure I think like well I'm not saying
they should be at the same position in
life just they wouldn't still be doing
the only thing I would like to see cuz
there's been talk of it is a third Bill
and Ted movie with those characters yeah
now and the fact that they're much older
and still kind of pathetic would be the
point of the movie like I gather from
Dumb and Dumber to like it's just I'm
doing the same she stick right yep yeah
by the way in some cases the exact same
jokes
ya know Bill and Ted like that concept
is weird the sequel is really fucking
weird and amazing and so they made a
third one and they kept it with that
sort of style of like what the second
one built on and just make it really
bizarre yeah like that has potential and
I know Keanu Reeves is like excited at
the idea of doing it like
about it so that's the only one I would
like to see and it's mild I think like
Wayne's World could pull it off just
because Mike Myers and Dana Carvey are
talented comedians yeah I mean they come
back a couple times in the last year's
on satellite and found Wayne's World
skit and it's been fine you know but I
don't know so they've come back before
they came back a couple years ago and
they didn't Wayne's World did huh yeah I
think they had a falling-out for a while
I think old I think Dana Carvey I just
had a general I don't know Michael Myers
was a fucking hip machine that's true a
little while but that was funny because
if you'd have ever liked people hating
each other like everybody hates a Chevy
Chase yeah and everybody always has cuz
he's a horrible prick so when they did
the they did like a Weekend Update thing
where they had four former Weekend
Update guys kind of introduced Chevy
Chase cuz he was the first one to do the
Weekend Update thing yeah and it was it
was Kevin Nealon Norma Donald's Colin
Quinn and what's-his-face the late-night
host guy now family
no not Fallon you know he never did the
Weekend Update the other one for Seth
Meyers
Jimmy Fallon a Weekend Update with Tina
Fey Jimmy Fallon Tina Fey did it
together
oh they did it briefly that's right no
I've been with Seth Meyers so they're
they're supposed to introduce you know
Chevy Chase yeah and you can tell not
like Norma Donald is the best like that
guys buddies and he's just like dragging
it out and you could tell it like
everything he was saying you're saying
it like sarcastically is nobody like so
great and you can tell you is making the
other guys on stage like slightly
uncomfortable again because he's Norman
Donald that's what he does
yeah cuz he don't give no fucks no no
Dennis Miller
chatez saying no Dennis Miller no he
wasn't there I don't think he has any
interest in going back
I remember way back may have the 25th
anniversary sir you want to stub another
shoe at that point 25th 2013 theta
special I think they did a 25th and 30th
okay I don't know if I ever saw those
you just throw a shotgun that woman's
face yes you know sometimes rich faces
what do you do at a time travel they
didn't have it in Hell in idea they've
talked about it I think the idea what
the third one is that there however old
they are now yeah
and they still haven't accomplished what
they were supposed to do which was
create world peace through their music
so then like wondering if that's ever
gonna happen so they're just like
pathetic old man okay they don't know
where we go from there but sure did I
mean that kind of happened in the
sequence of the second yeah they
probably have to wreak on that a little
bit but just bring back the Grim Reaper
here's the best part of the second one
William say look at the Grim Reaper's
yes very very true best four out of
seven ever thinking that bit was funny
when I first saw the movie and then a
couple years later I saw the Seventh
Seal it was like oh yeah that's a whole
bit that's a whole shtick with death
yeah I love that second Wayans or old
movie I like it more than the first one
second wings were loose are Bill and Ted
there we go there we go you know I think
we can all agree with you I don't know
if I can agree with you that I like it
more I think most people like the first
one more just because it's the first one
Billington yeah I think I like I like
the second more justice so creative yeah
and weird
the evil Easter Bunny and Easter basket
they visit Satan yes what else do you
need great one they bug people in heaven
there's a robot versions of them that
play basketball with their own head
second what is great
second one is good yeah I forgot about
the robot dance
and then they have to make good robot
thumbs with oh god I forgot even about
the bad robots the evil ones that kill
them right and I'm gonna stay out then
they have to make good robots fucking
dead Pam Greer's in the movie and it
turns out the Pam Grier is actually
George Carlin in disguise because of
course I watched recently I watched the
documentary about Richard Pryor and it
happens you watched a documentary about
Richard Pryor Richard Pryor and I had no
idea that he was like an item with Pam
Grier for a long time
yeah what happened because you whip the
whip there and over again well you know
it's the start of your run something
risky a stupid bet I'll be more
impressed if we do that near the end a
little help right
spam great still life she's still
awesome George Carlin's George Carlin is
not just in peace thanks for yeah
there's a funny anecdote in the
documentary where cos Richard Pryor was
like he had like seven wives like he
went through women like crazy but he was
dating Pam Grier and then he went to the
office of this is manager or someone
someone that he was close with he's like
hey I'm getting married tomorrow they're
like oh great so then he went off and
the guy he was talking to made a cake
that said congratulations Richard and
Pam and then the next day Richard Pryor
showed up with his wife it was not Pam
Grier but some other woman that he got
pregnant but so he just left Pam Grier
that day and married somebody else and
so the guy had to like fudge the cake
and they're interviewing some of his
ex-wives and it's like you know it's got
the lower third set their name and then
underneath it says like why four and
seven that's extra great it's it's a
good documentary Richard Pryor omit the
logic occult that sounds great huh I'd
like a know Gene Wilder in it though
well they don't I mean I know he's kind
of I mean he's still around he's older
to write his books okay yeah maybe no I
don't know how close they were in a
couple movies together but I guess I
don't know how close to work I think
they were close I think they were very
close like I heard that Richard Pryor
also hated Chevy Chase
everybody is Chevy Chase I think Chase
is a huge dickhead
like you hear that about people
sometimes you know like oh he's really
nice or he's a big dickhead and I just
think it's true at MJ's yeah they were
in the famous SNL sketch together skit
sketch together where they did that the
racial slur oh yeah oh that's right
that's right absolutely not dude today
I think that skits in there if I could
be remembering this I read this a while
ago that sketches in there because Chevy
Chase who thought he was the big star
insisted on having a sketch with Richard
Pryor oh really
Oh God Chevy Chase is still a dick there
was a there was a before that SNL 40th
thing there was like a red carpet thing
like a red carpet like an hour long
leading up to the special where they
were interviewing people on the red
carpet sure and as you do as he do and
someone was interviewing Chevy Chase and
they're like now you were you were a
part of the original cast right they're
not right they knew what they were like
now Chevy you were a part of the
original casts and Chevy Chevy Chase's
reply was part of it like implying that
he made the show like still he's still a
dick Wow
yeah the ego on that guy that's what you
always hear about him there's a great
story I think you can find it online
somewhere that Kevin Smith wrote about
meetings with Chevy Chase because he was
at one point gonna do it Fletch movie
Kevin Smith right right there's gonna be
Jason Lee but there's gonna be like wrap
around stuff with Chevy Chase
I mean tells the story about going out
to lunch with Chevy Chase and Chevy
Chase basically just taking credit for
every funny thing that anyone has ever
done in the history of comedy well he
was in that grade Paul Simon music video
that is a great video
daddy chase had some funny stuff I love
lemon vacation certainly could be funny
but oh god let's never please forget
nothing but trouble let's never forget
nothing but trouble that's a movie I
want to like just because it's so weird
and feels like it should be so now cult
movie but it's really bad you got your
waste of like John Candy and John can't
even drag and dan Aykroyd has a dick
knows like it's so bad the strangest
movie Demi Moore let me mark I love
nothing no trouble trouble nothing but
trouble nothing but troubles the trouble
the trouble that movies terrible yes not
Snoop Dog it's all digital under
Granberry okay yeah as long and they can
get off of there they can get out of
jail if they perform they perform the
wedding
yeah of drag drag John Candy and Chevy
Chase yeah
beautiful move until an egg ron was in
that movie and he just passed away
recently
he's the is the two couples it's Chevy
chasin to me more and then the other guy
in girl he's the other guy okay he's a
character after he was in stuff whatever
and he just passed away recently know
too bad rest in peace Taylor Negron
Taylor Negron sounds like a failure it
might have been I don't know that might
have been a stage name but you the funny
guy it sounds like a name that would
appear in like a like a fantasy video
game
I am Taylor Negron of the Olmec family
yeah it's pretty yes it is creepy it's
the kind of movie that shouldn't be
right up my alley but if nothing then it
works
I think it's on Netflix there it used to
be anyway I have the DVD Jesus
and sacrifice a lady
so we're Dan Aykroyd or boomerang at the
40th anniversary they do anything yeah I
said uh Bill Murray did his lounge okay
dan Aykroyd it was the weirdest thing
early on they did just a flat-out
recreation of one of the original
sketches and if you ever saw dan Aykroyd
is like a like a pitchman for a product
called the bass-o-matic yeah mystics bet
it was just a recreation that sketch
like why would you just do that so he
did that and then they did like a whole
bit where they were showing difference
not musical performances but like
musical characters that had been on the
show okay and that's where Bill Murray
did his lounge singer and then the Blues
Brothers came out at the ends and Dan
Aykroyd just looks terrible he was with
Jim Belushi yeah they they performed
still as the Blues Brothers him and Jim
Belushi do this yeah and it's just like
the most pathetic thing I still have a
soft spot for dan Aykroyd but stop milk
in Italy it's it's a little yeah without
John Belushi and that was the thing
about that special they had lots of like
clips you know from different things
they did a little clip moments and
anytime they show Gilda Radner or John
Belushi I got a little choked up because
I think vocal those many famous
characters yeah there's the only one
yeah though I'm singer yeah though there
was like the nerd couple him and Gilda
Radner nothing nothing like memorable
famous yeah he was just he's just a very
funny on the show just very funny he
didn't do characters I think he was more
the straight man yeah and he took over
cuz Chevy Chase left after the first
season cuz he was already too big for
the show yeah
in his mind so Bill Murray was the guy
you I didn't fill in for Jeff EJ's
basically
and then they Oh God they also did on
that 40th thing because it was like a
big deal that Eddie Murphy was gonna be
there yeah because he hasn't he hasn't
had anything to do with that show since
he was originally on it and he's kind of
got an ego on him too and so it was like
a big deal like I was first time coming
back in 35 years and Chris Rock stood
like a really wonderful introduction to
for him like a 3 or 4 minute
introduction talking about how he
basically saved the show from
cancellation because all the original
cast members were gone Lauren Michaels
had left so it was in a whole new cast
and none of them were funny Eddie Murphy
was like the breakout star and the show
would have been canceled if it wasn't
for him kind of saving it really and so
yeah and so Chris Rock does this whole
thing about how like so many you know
comedians were inspired by Eddie Murphy
and blah blah blah
really great lead up to it and then he's
like so ladies and gentlemen Eddie
Murphy and Eddie Murphy walks out on
stage and he basically just like mumbles
about thanks I'm glad you guys
appreciate you know what I did on the
show back then it really means a lot to
me and then he's waiting for him to come
to commercial like he like that's it
like I think everyone thought he was
gonna do something he didn't do a bit he
didn't do a bit he didn't say anything
funny what that's because he's Eddie
Murphy and he's weird is it possible
they were supposed to show like a
highlight clip of this time on the show
and it didn't play is that no no I don't
think so cuz they showed a couple
highlights stuff earlier in the show
okay I think they just because he I'm
assuming he said like I'll come but I
don't want to be in the Gumby costume I
don't want to do a skit like he doesn't
want to have anything to do with any of
that and so like okay well we won't do
that but if you want to come out and say
a few words
you know that's what we'll do well Chris
Rock introduced you that's my guess
anyway that's all sannen and so then he
basically came out as his like thanks
was it it was so awkward he forgot how
to be funny yeah I don't know what
happened at humor me
I know there's a john landis I think it
was in an old baby club interview John
Landis talks about working with him on
Beverly Hills Cop 3 and how like he was
just depressed
yes or Bowl and he didn't want to be
there and he didn't want to make
comedies and more so I don't think I
said he forgot how to be funny I think
it said he hasn't just no interest in
doing it but that's what everybody knows
him and likes him for I can't believe
like I can't believe he didn't do didn't
do anything he was nominated for an
Oscar for Dreamgirls I've never seen
either but that was a more dramatic role
and he was nominated for an Oscar for it
he lost I want to go back up and get my
I was trying to now use a role asset
management I don't think what else he's
done besides Dreamgirls I want to say
that isn't there
genetic things yeah um oh god I haven't
paid much attention to Eddie Murphy's
career in the last 30 years why not he
was fine a Bowfinger he was actually
funny in that I did not much care for a
finger I thought it was a little too
broad but I like Steve Martin a lot well
sure and Eddie Murphy plays two roles
and then he plays both roles very
distinctly and differently yeah can we
talk about don't worry son
everybody knows bill very great oh I
just watched st. Vincent with Bill
Murray Bill Murray and Naomi Watts and
Melissa McCarthy
oh yeah little small tea but it was nice
Bill Murray celdrid schmaltz elements
like you really believe in it and
actually really like melissa mccarthy in
it see she plays a normal human being
and she's really good she plays a normal
human yeah I I grown to hate her but
she's good in that movie there's a scene
where cuz she's divorced from her
husband or in the process of getting
divorced and she's works you know all
the time so that's why she kind of Bill
Murray's their next-door neighbor and
she has a young son and so she sort of
hires Bill Murray to watch his son while
she works okay
so she doesn't see her son all that much
cuz she's constantly working at this
hospital she just like cat scans and
sees horrible shit all day and she's in
the principal's office cuz their son
beat up a kid and they're like what's
going on at home likewise your son
acting out and she just breaks down and
explains like everything bad that's
happened to her and it's a really good
scene like she's really good enough so
that's great he can be okay that Melissa
McCarthy doesn't part of you doesn't
that make just part of you a little more
upset when she plays like awful roles
yeah yeah like I saw a trailer for this
movie Spy that she's in and it's like
she's by there's a girls because it's
Melissa McCarthy she gets on a
motorcycle and falls down
he's made some yeah I'm trying to think
of a man who knew too little yeah many
too little cosmoses John's remember that
Oh Garfield yeah but that that has a
famous story oh he thought he was
working for a different I was Anderson
no Cowan the other was one of the Coen
brothers is that it yeah Ethan there's
Ethan Coen
yeah and that's who wrote the Garfield
movie and he thought it was Ethan Coen
is and Ethan Coen of the Coen brothers
right that's okay oh the Cohen Cohen
Megan is sure we can make something
funny out of this he tells a good story
about the Garfield movie but even that
like he was probably in a studio
recording for the day today no the
movies he was actually like physically
in that's why I can't fall in like he's
just a voiceover today no no but he he
talks about the Garfield movie and how
he worked every single day to try to
make stuff funny oh really and it was
just so much of a mess and he was like
we would spend all day in the recording
studio and and I would read my lines of
that day and to say what what the hell
is this and we would have reworked him
the best we could because you know
animation was already happening cuz that
happens it's a story boards and so I was
like how do we fit new lines into this
predetermined space that could be funny
and like he's sick he cried a song and
it still came out as bad as but straight
up Bill Murray bad news but then he
makes fun of it in Zombieland
what was the oh no you know what I was
thinking about Schmidt no that's that's
Jack Nicholson
this is my first directorial turn it was
quick change she directed with Randy
Quaid the famous Randy Quaid for the
internet super story yeah but change is
good this is the first dramatic really
did the work wasn't a comedy at all I'm
just like man finding himself traveling
the world I think it was the razor's
edge there is a movie called Ray's
razor's edge I haven't seen it so no
that doesn't sound right
I will look it up yeah look it up look
it up I may be my name you know but in
general yeah Bill Murray's the best yeah
he's just he's just the best okay we
knew that already
get on the trolley I'm on the Bill
Murray trolley are you
yeah the razor's edge right I've never
seen it but I would because remembered
funny and he's in it okay well we've
never heard him know also bad movies
with Bill Murray Ghostbusters - yeah and
it's in the problems with the movie are
not his faults he's flying in it yeah
Space Jam he's in Space Jam he's in
Space Jam he is it's been way too long
since I've seen Space Jam I need to see
some mother fuck yeah he had oh there's
a movie where he had to transport an
elephant across country larger than life
no no another often victim from the
ladies competing it was a competing oh
yeah that was sort of the loop that was
like that period was like that nice
Moses Jones and Elise and then he liked
Rushmore came along and that sort of
that's where he found his new motor
action those bad movies are what caused
him to reinvent himself and like do
stuff like ditch his agent and his phone
number
oh yeah yeah like that's what led to a
whole new career for him was like just
not not looking at the work type of
stuff yeah and that's how we got stuff
like Rushmore yeah I so good gosh mark
he's so fucking good
broken flowers have you ever seen that
Jim Jarmusch movie my hammer he goes
often oh it's a good movie
tired senses Cupid sucks you are wrong
kingpin is is the only Farrelly Brothers
movie that still holds up all their
other 90s movies feel really dated dig I
don't think of it as fondly as others do
but it's still very fun and Bill Murray
especially is is funny you know
oh god yeah if we're just talking over
all over and look early out of the
movies in a restaurant with uh with what
he Harrelson what he Harrelson's like
eating food while he's trying to talk to
him you seem like a bowl of cereal
he keeps talk over those mouth full and
Bill Murray's just like why are you go
eat that outside girls and get up on the
table and go outside eat his food and
you know that's like a Bill Murray
ad-lib - oh no but just in general I
don't super care Oh someone's machine
Charlie's Angels he was in that - there
you go there you go
Charlie's Angels starring Mickey gee
directed by McGee yeah that's the
director Robert McKee was the thing no I
don't you don't know did he do the
second Charlie's Angels movie - or just
the first one and then he did Terminator
Salvation no his transition into real
work yes and then no one's ever heard of
him
I don't know he might be doing something
now that's a good question what is he
doing he doing did did Terminator
Salvation kill his career
which I don't hate that movie as much as
everybody else
it's a horrible Terminator movie but if
you look at it as Mad Max with giant
robots it's fine okay it's completely
acceptable I would like to look at it as
that that's that's how you got to look
at it because if you look at as a
terminator movie you'll be horribly
disappointed I sent a couple things
nothing I've heard of yes hey Bill
Murray vehicle come on
yeah I'm sure you got a cameo in Space
Jam movie that wasn't a cameo I mean he
was in space what Plus Femi Space Jam
sucks Space Jam is wonderful I mean
wonderful as in it's a terrible movie
everyone should see it because it's so
terrible but wonderful oh my god
Space Jam is the worst best welcome to
the jam slam when you're gonna slam jam
I mean how can you go wrong when you're
lead actors Michael Jordan right so much
charisma back in the day when Michael
Jordan could do anything
number one he started playing baseball
yeah it's still up but they've redone it
no they bring it back why it's yeah I
went there once and it was like updated
and I don't know if everybody complained
or what but then they reverted it back
shut up it's great yeah we win everybody
good job internet for a brief time there
was a modernized Space Jam page it was
but it was still it still look dated
yeah like it still didn't look like
completely modern so I don't know what
they were trying to do with it it just
didn't look as dated somebody didn't
want to be a joke so they just kind of
did just enough work on it to make it
past it maybe I guess I don't know why
not just get rid of it completely that's
the game uh yeah right why not just
update it because you know why that
takes work
that takes work
welcome to the jam slam okay we need to
speak see Space Jam
right now right now no I think that's a
bad idea
you don't think we should watch the
Space Jam right I I refuse what about
Bob kind of sucks
Oh what about Bob's great it's a look
you know what it's a little schlocky but
it's good
well schlocky it's not it's not the Bill
Murray we know hmm
but Richard I liked where richard
drivers in general it's not the last
movie Richard drivers made before he
crawled into a hole never to be seen no
he made plenty of movies after he's
semi-retired but he comes on a
retirement he was in W he played Dick
Cheney in the and he's in piranha
the remake of piranha is he's in the
opening scene wearing the outfit he wore
in Jaws and he sing in the show me a way
to go
I like that piranha 3d movie but he yeah
I mean he's he's pretty much retired he
just kind of comes out once in a while
and does something
yeah I mean also he's a hundred and six
you know and after after do something
like mr. Holland's Opus I've never seen
on moving you can't be expected to reach
another level is that a good movie or is
that like a small Z okay for those of
you who couldn't see which was that
raise you nodding yes I was nodding yes
that is schmaltz and a half and it's
that's one of those heartwarming movies
that people like fucking love every
second of that Schmo Oscars just fine
now Scrooge is fine it's I definitely
one say it's my favorite Christmas movie
but it's good it's a good Bill Murray
performance you know what it is David I
would like to see a remake of Scrooge is
by its very nature danger well
thankfully Scrooge makes it a little
less David no but like that was data in
the fact that it's an eighties thing oh
yeah I know and everything is an
eighties reference it you know some
comedies are universal as far as their
content the only well maybe some of the
like the cable like the fact that he is
like this cable TV mogul like are not
even cable to network right yeah he's a
network TV mobile hmm that's fine that's
fun you know his boy whoa whoa whoa
someone just said Groundhog Day sucks
you you people have no grout Groundhog
Day transcends being just like a comedy
like a high concept comedy they they
talk Groundhog Day in film school like
like Groundhog Day is great and they
shot it in a town in Illinois that a
bunch of my relatives lived in at the
time what what lesson for film schools
did they teach I don't know I wasn't in
the class okay um but I just remember
some of my friends being like we're
talking about Groundhog Day cuz because
this was like a you know they taught
mostly experimental film yeah but
everybody loves Groundhog Day everybody
Roger I think Roger Ebert at one point
said that that movie will be remembered
many years from now yeah oh yeah I think
it will be similar to it's a wonderful
life it's something like that grandma
days a great mood grind out things a
great movie great back story as far as
like Bill Murray's character as well
where he was going through a divorce at
the time yeah so he wanted to play it
really dark but oh yeah well that's the
movie that kind of ruined his
relationship with Harold rainbow yeah
they only made up shortly before Harold
green has passed away but it's like you
can see that conflict in his character
and it makes it deep yeah like it gives
it gives like this comedy piece some
real depth was the dispute bill murray
wanted the movie to be darker and more
serious okay and Harold Ramis want it to
be you know
and what we get is a little bit of both
and it's great here lady you my lady now
lady
yeah I was filming Woodstock Illinois I
remember I always I kept when they were
filming the movie I kept asking my dad
if he'd take me out there because we
have relatives there and there they
would talk about like watching them film
scenes and like the downtown area dad
let's go out watch him film the movie no
we never did
yeah it's funny because it's Woodstock
Illinois and there's a part in the movie
or you see like a giant sign for a
business this is like Woodstock jewelry
like it's not supposed to be Woodstock
in the movie because it would stock
jewelry I guess it could be anything
else I know what it is though so would
always stood out to me now someone
saying Caddyshack sucks I will say
Caddyshack is not a very good movie it's
a funny movie but it's client it's kind
of a mess kind of that's sort of like
what comedy was at that point it was it
became Anarchy it was you know Animal
House and Caddyshack like those movies
changed the way comedy films were made
and what you can do in them also like
one of the best one of the only reasons
like Chevy Chase gets any cloud is
because of that yeah best vacation yes
that made me flush to a certain extent
yeah candy shack is a wonderful mess
you're right mr. glib that's the best
way to describe it it's funny for funny
people coming in and doing whatever the
fuck they wanted yep that's basically
what that movie is
yeah like that the Chevy Chase is whole
like sexy song to the lady oh yeah let's
just try because it's just the best
thing wrong he's goofy I was born to
love you I was born to lick your face
your face and I hope you lick mine too
all right let's
we never much it'd be much sugarless
that we just said name good man in the
house with Jonathan Taylor Thomas the
shaggy dog there we go memoirs an
Invisible Man directed by John Carpenter
unfortunately was that his Invisible Man
yeah was that what it was called memoirs
of an Invisible Man yeah I was based on
a book and it's John Carpenter
unfortunately yeah that was like John
Carpenter director for hire looks like
the only movie ever did like that or
it's just like oh whatever you want
oh god there's too many Chevie Chase
movies deliver travel European vacation
Vegas vacation
oh I think I think I know what you're
talking about
yeah but I might be confusing it with a
movie called e Honda to Steve Martin
that was house-sitter yeah seems like
old times or something like yeah that's
case one modern problems spies like us
is good reversing that name and Dan
Aykroyd oh yeah that's John Landis
directed bad so the case is fine I
haven't seen in a long time the classic
oh god I'm gonna forget the great Bill
Murray Harold Ramis class right stripes
yes classic stripes actually a lot of
the reason you know something more
modern the interview also did that kind
of comedy very well oh sure
I mean I haven't seen the interview but
I can see how that be in that same type
of type of movie oh yeah I recommend it
okay and you know it on Netflix I mean I
watch it I really there's some really
good gigs but in any case spies like us
good in that vein
Oh funny farm does anyone remember funny
fun oh yeah I think funny farm was okay
okay but I don't remember it
I had see tits as a kid alright like but
if agra is almost like a vacation
knockoff movie with Chevy Chase
okay is how I would describe to people
but it's good three amigos everyone
always mentions and I have never seen
three amigos what oh yeah and that's
John Landis - right that's another one
though you can't pin on Chevy Chase them
because yeah you've never seen Martin
Short was that see no I don't think I
had Martin Short was at the SNL 40th
anniversary thing yeah that guy is still
filled with so much energy like yeah
briefly briefly he was huh he did add
grimly on there and other things CTV
yeah he moved it over 20 years there was
he managed to keep the rights to ed
Grimley was his character yeah no there
was that period when Loren Michaels had
left the show so they brought in all
these like heavy hitters like cuz they
didn't want to bring up and coming yeah
new people so they brought in like Billy
Crystal and Martin Short and Christopher
guest's not that cast but he was on it
oh he he came a little bit later
but yeah Martin Short like he's still
you know what that man is a pip
yes he is a heavy Martin to Stevens
layer and he's he's still on the ball
space inner space is great Steve Martin
will always be on the ball I cannot
overstate my love for Steve Martin that
a day I will not believe that whoever
said that is probably an asshole best
Steve Martin movie asks humble Jackson
brings great I haven't seen that so
though the kid neither the jerk is I
love the jerk roxanne beautiful simple
is cyrano de bergerac the LA story is a
really amazing script LA story is a
really amazing script and just a lot of
the gags don't quite read but he'll I
story's very funny you know was a
shopgirl
if you're into that sort of is he in it
I know it's based on something erode
he's in it to he's ever seen it and it's
like Claire Danes right that's good it's
good I like him in Little Shop of
Horrors as the dentist
oh yeah and Bill Murray who wants to be
tortured in the dentist chair I'm
calling a great Steve Martin movie is
that Steve Martin movie that might be
that might be his best role he's great
men I think my favorite movie with him
his planes trains and automobiles yeah
that's a good me he's more the straight
man in it but great great movie
yeah see you frog the orange ones
explore no they delay explode but I
don't want him to jump up here cuz then
if he explodes on the temple bad things
Oh
bunch of enemies come on the enemies
that come out are randomized okay fuck
is this mr. one heart do I only have one
heart yeah
I've not been paying attention all I
know is I would fuck ouais gigolo I
remember camp candy you got our County
Andy the John Candy Saturday morning
cartoon show Jesus know that 80s or
early 90s it had to been 80s lady yeah
yeah he ran like a summer camp for kids
did he even do the voice oh god I don't
remember he probably did there's also a
Macaulay Culkin Saturday morning cartoon
show I don't remember what he did on
that yes everyone Edison we should wish
kid wish can get like a falling star
grant his wishes
they made cartoons out of anything like
that The Karate Kid cartoon I don't
worry him mr. Miyagi we're traveling the
world trying to retrieve an ancient
all-powerful oriental artifact that
would do magical things oh wow I have no
memory of that it didn't last very long
there was a Teen Wolf cartoon for a
while because of course there's a Back
to the Future cartoon Hulk Hogan's Rock
and wrestling at vaguely remember that
there was a Bigfoot cartoon Bigfoot the
monster truck there was a big oh I don't
remember that at all what was that the
one where he would turn into a car what
was the cartoon where the guy would turn
into a car team racers stupidly I don't
know what that is turbo team turbo team
is that what it's called yeah yeah
there's cartoon where kid we turn into
the episode with gamma rays or something
I'm like whatever you see they're hot or
cold he would turn into like yeah
whatever he got hot my gosh whatever you
got cuz I'm the image in my head is of a
kid who's like trapped in a like a phone
booth or something he's like no no and
he turns into a fire new Ferrari two
breaks out
and the primary creative force of the
80s really was cocaine yeah brahmadev
primary creative force of the 80s was
just money

[Part III]
he would turn into like Ferrari yeah
whatever we got hot oh my god
whenever you got hot cuz I'm the image
in my head is of a kid who's like
trapped in a like a phone booth or
something he's like no no and he turns
into a fire no Ferrari to prick sighs oh
man the primary creative force of the
80s really was cocaine yeah prom debt
primary creative force of the 80s was
just money like what can we what can we
yeah some of the changes jog my memory
yeah there was a Rubik's Cube cart oh
shit what it's uh he was a talking
Rubik's Cube oh my god I don't remember
that either
okay okay okay okay okay what do we got
all right yeah okay
kids love this stupid little box know
what you do is you match all the colors
and kids fucking love it so I as a
talking one and it solves crimes there
was a Rambo cartoon I do remember that
yeah yeah that's a whole other thing
like cartoons based on violent r-rated
movie Rambo there was Robocop toxic
avenger
what else was one thing I don't know
about something wasn't exactly something
I'm considering children's fair there
was commando toys I remember like
commando like GI Joe type dolls for the
movie commando
I remember those you know what kids buy
a bunch of crap
no parents buy a bunch of crap for their
kids better let's get our small child
this commando doll she working Mindy
cartoon wasn't was it
why wasn't there ever a perfect
strangers cartoon you could adapt that
into a cartoon very easily yeah that's
the thing is I can see the whole cartoon
in my head right now
oh yeah first stars Michael Jordan
waiting Gretzky and oh yeah I remember
that what they were sports themed heroes
yes like they would like fight crime
with like giant inflatable basketball
that sounds great oh good are we
watching all this bo jackson
conveniently covered both baseball and
football
bo knows bo knows best bo knows with a
bo knows Buster despo knows but then
both really yes really
is there weird shit like this for
cartoons nowadays I think so no now we
just get movie adaptations the fuck was
wrong with everybody in the 80s people
wanted money it's it's the same thing
that's wrong with them now is people
want money and they want money the
easiest way possible but the ideas
aren't as weird anymore I don't know I
think they're still pretty weird
maybe they are I just don't know what's
what's happening in the world of
children's cartoons you would know
better than me I'm trying to think you
know we don't we don't have cable we
don't have real television so I don't
know what's really out there I know the
something that has taken over is like
the pre tween live action show market oh
yeah like Nickelodeon is a ton of that
shit Nickelodeon the Disney Channel have
a ton of that like live-action like kids
being wacky yeah That's So Raven style
girl Girl Meets World that kind of stuff
yet I know some of that stuff can get
now people are mentioning things like
Adventure Time but that seemed it adults
right that's like weird but it's not is
that a kids oh I don't know I watched it
it's on Cartoon Network at like normal
times oh it's not an adult's one that is
not an adult
okay so Adventure Time is one of those
like gray area kind of everybody can
enjoy this okay I've never seen it
oh you should it's great
I recommend adventuretime I wish a shit
all the time
oh I should shit without my kids
is that the one will the head of America
cartoon characters competed in the
Olympics together what was the one
wasn't there a hanna-barbera cartoon
where all the hanna-barbera characters
like raced wacky racers wacky racers
okay wacky racers everything sucks ABC
Family has shows about aimed at middle
schoolers all about sex teenage
pregnancies and murder
okay great they gotta learn about that
shit sometime right how else are you
gonna teach your kids about murder
think about that
both in high school people please have
seven
what's up you know I'm not doing I'm
gonna die okay no the nice I'm actually
kind of sucks I mean I'm not doing great
I this is just a game that I could play
all the time because I love it but now I
mean I'm not killing it
exactly exactly
just so everyone knows the reason you
talk about that the reason we chose to
play this game that was obviously going
to happen I thought I was gonna cling to
the wall before yes
clem Fandango please go have a sculpin
it's a great beer it's a great IPA but
light and smooth and not all the hops
and you know most IPAs are very hoppy
beers and this is very smooth and a
little Freudian we're gonna get chipped
rice animated what Chick tracts cheap
tract Chick tracts you know what a chick
tract is chick tract yeah
fundamentalist evangelical Christian
Jack teaching okay
writes these little pamphlet size comic
books about how you're gonna burn in
hell if you don't find you suppressed
really yes oh that somewhere between
comedy value and just scary memo you
familiar with a chick tract what chick
tract kick track yeah I have no idea
what that is well we're not a Christian
evangelical purchased no because these
little pamphlet size comic books about
how you're going to burn in hell if you
don't find Jesus oh okay and I ran into
one many years ago was like a gas
station people just leave these you buy
them in bulk and you sure consulate ice
okay well I'm sure there's comedic value
in there although visionary no rich
don't
watch on the Bible reloaded is that a
thing the Bible reloaded a youtube
channel I like I like the idea of just
like someone remaking the Bible with mom
gonna update it with more modern like me
Anna needs a little more we need to we
definitely need to accentuate kind of
some of the action elements little ball
blood and door people like that stuff
now and this Jesus character I don't
know what he's all about
can we get Michael Fassbender to play
that's always the
I do
not like Fassbender Jesus they're both
pretty hot right now he's an actor going
he was in prometheus
the Android carrots oh okay yeah he's a
very good actor
yeah okay go my classmate
you heard here folks you heard it here
first folks Jack is down with michael
fassbender even though he barely knows
who he is I like them in that movie
the brick Testament the brick intensive
burn somebody recreated the town okay
it's kind of adorable
I do have anything's adorable when you
da I'm like okay yeah I do have our
crumbs illustration of the book of
Genesis that's a thing that exists yeah
oh our crumb the the illustrator
word-for-word comic-book style and
remade the book of Genesis I'd know
nothing about his personal beliefs all I
know is he did I pursue he did it
sarcastically I know he's a creepy
weirdo he's a weirdo he's a creepy
weirdo but it like he just drew it in
his style and it is a wonderful thing to
behold
huh it's very strange I love his style
yes our style is great and so like that
mixed with some of the weird god stuff
mixed with you know someone kill your
son now stuff it's it's fun I think he
even did all the big ants
you know Debbie gets when I try to
explain why I hire how people came from
just two people
what do you mean so don't you have to
buy the damsel that's creepy
yeah well that was you bye kiss she's
okay she's just a prostitute she's a
surprise sex slave well you know you'd
be buying kiss oh you're right the big
adding isn't in Genesis sorry one album
whatever
oh that's right I got that okay all
right
my foot I figured out the answer to the
question before I asked the question I
was wondering it was hanging like that
you can't bring it up nothing so like
right now you see in the walls now you
can see the jewels and you can see the
gold normally you can't see that yeah
there is an item a pair of glasses that
you get where you can see stuff like
that but I don't have it
no no it's I got the eye of yet you
could if you had enough bombs you could
and for people who are would have been
worth that many bombs it could be like
you know yeah and there are some items
that destroy rock psyche I could I could
get a pickaxe and that cuts through all
the rocks and then you know you
basically I've seen people clear away
all the rocks line up all the jewels
like in one corner the ghost comes they
use a rope jump over the ghost and get
you know
like a dark one random things right
involves that always be randomizing
what the fuck is people strange
passionate fascination with the Amish
because they live like it's the 1800s
that's weird
yeah it's my strange fascination with
it's my same strange fascination with
like people from Portland their
lifestyles is so weird why do you do
these things what are you doing it's how
good for the earth - it's like my same
fascination with people who go to music
festivals they're smoking the drugs I
think they're smoking drugs they're
having the orgies I don't know I assume
so yeah yeah it's I mean it's a music
festival Jack I know I don't give a fuck
if it if it means no more
what's-his-face Andrew Garfield
spider-man movies specific okay then
good I just like I don't know are they
gonna reboot it again like another
origin movie I don't I think they're
before going the origin stuff and
they're just like you know fucking screw
at this point they've done it twice in
the last 10 years like you got through
yeah
just make a spider-man movie yeah if
it's good great but as far as them doing
it I don't care they'll do it in a brief
flashback yep sure or as a pre crit
credit Sigma sure
yeah I don't care what Marvel's doing
ever
I've liked a number of their movies that
I think they they're very ambitious and
that's great but I judge them on a movie
by movie basis I have no no allegiance
to Marvel or anything like yeah make an
entertaining movie you know I'm okay
with that
I love guardians of the galaxy like does
it help though that like they've
consistently made entertaining movie oh
absolutely but I that doesn't mean
they're infallible I mean I they make a
bad movie it's not gonna be like Oh
Marvel fucked up like I don't care about
like their overall I mean it's gonna
people are gonna get burned down on on
this eventually they have to but they
have plans going to like 2087 or
whatever right you say that but it
hasn't stopped yet it hasn't stopped at
which it will die out eventually like
they're going to falter at some point
star wars then again you know no well
then ya know I mean you have the
original three and then the prequels
suck so yeah Star Wars fucked up
oh they fucked up but I'm just so
popular they are gonna sure people are
gonna trip all over themselves to see
the new movie it doesn't matter how bad
the last three were that's true yeah
people are very loyal to the things they
love they like their logos yeah yeah I
don't know like their logos that's a
very cynical way of putting in that
country it's you know I hear it's true
else how else could you care about Star
Wars after the prequel trilogy during
how else could you care about Star Wars
during the prequel trilogy yeah how do
you not give up after attack of clothes
well no I think after attack they're
after uh Phantom Menace
after Phantom Menace you can stick with
Marvel or you can stick with Star Wars
because of a good good pass like you
know one one bad right sure sure bad can
food but then after you know what you
know what it was after attack of the
clutch Oh after taking yes I forgot the
names by the way I'm sorry yeah for
Attack of the Clones no you can't stick
with him anymore
two fails in a row pass per says hey I
liked attack of the clones well you were
wrong sir yes very your opinion is wrong
I think it's act of the club my I've
always said this too even since the
first came out was relative to its
budget it is the worst movie ever made
yeah yeah hmm Batman and Robin relative
to its budget the Attack of the Clones
is the worst movie ever made I will take
Batman and Robin over to a close oh boy
yeah I mean I've been all honestly not
kidding yeah I will take Batman and
Robin over attack which is unwatchable
they're both on watch a brand new Star
Wars movie the only really only reason I
didn't walk out in the theater it was
because friend got me in for free I
didn't want to be rude oh sure I started
to get up and like oh wait there are
people here and that would seem like a
jerk yeah I started to get
Batman and Robin is at least funny no it
isn't it's not even so bad it's funny
remember a number of years ago I hadn't
seen it I don't think I had ever seen it
all the way through but me and a friend
of mine had this idea like let's watch
Batman and Robin like we're gonna watch
it it's gonna be funny we're gonna laugh
at it and then like half an hour into it
we're like this was a bad idea it really
is a miserable movie which should you at
least take a nap I think I did that's
undertaking fun no I'm serious III yeah
I can see that there's nothing after
ever like the 19
Jedi Council meeting yeah yeah yeah yeah
I haven't seen either I haven't seen
attack of the clones or Revenge of the
Sith
since the theater yeah I think I've seen
I just need to Menace a couple times
since then but I haven't seen either of
those since the theater because I hated
them so much I saw the Phantom Menace in
the theater twice because I was
obligated to go with Karen yeah that'll
happen
then III watched them all just to take
notes with Mike for the yeah yeah which
I didn't have to do that thankfully I
had nothing to do with those no I
haven't seen him since the thing that
was kind of is because we're constantly
causing it and rewinding to discuss Oh
little extra salt yeah I was like what's
going on in this scene what's pretty
let's go back and watch and what are
they saying it was terrible
Batman nipple costumes nipple cast they
put nipples on the Batsuit
but not on batgirls soup just on the
dudes when that's very unfair if you're
gonna put nipples on your superhero
costumes make it unified yeah yeah jerks
and speaking of Batgirl Lee she's Stover
stone Alicia Silverstone Alicia it was
just the worst she's a terrible actress
in that movie was she a terrible actress
in everything I think she might be I
don't know if I've seen her in anything
I think I saw clueless like way way back
when sure but and it's hard to tell
because you know she's a valley girl
yeah yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna backtrack
just a little bit I mean if you you
think watching like the Phantom Menace
and the attack of clones are is bad
imagine trying to do it while trying to
figure out what exactly Emperor
Palpatine is doing I'm just I'm flashing
back to trying to figure out what the
fuck this man's master plan is
mr. Joel Schumacher is the big-budget
version of David Dakota that's a great
analogy that's perfect you know yeah I
don't know if I've seen a single Joel
Schumacher movie that I've liked I know
most people think he's a hack but they
always have language boys yeah everybody
likes lost boys I don't even really care
for that movie all that much it's okay
that's fair I love the very end with the
grandpa
when he it turns out he's knew about the
vampires one thing I hate about this
town all the damn vampires I like that
part not not enough people do vampires
for like a conscious about yeah drinking
blood yeah the story and that us guy
does want to be a vampire I just want to
be sure yeah it's fine it's an okay
movie but I never I never loved it the
way a lot of people seem to a lot of
people love falling down I don't think
that's a very good movie oh no it's fine
most things are fine
most things are not fine
I come to Joel Schumacher nothing's fine
fine fine all the time I suppose I don't
want to defend falling down too hard
it's been a long time since I've seen it
when I saw it when I was younger I
thought I thought it was awesome yeah
but what do you know when you're younger
you don't know jack-shit that's true yes
not necessarily just like when I pro any
grandpa we like we like our effective
craft
yes yeah you like our grandpa your
grandma's guy gets it done and our
Batman's to have no nipples it's just
silly
that's an idea that he presented to the
higher-ups at Warner Brothers and they
said okay what's baffling them but
that's actually a thing that happened
that's cuz you don't present that you
have that design and then you do it then
you don't say anything about it when you
get it approved movies though by Schultz
Joel Schumacher is the own admission
like everything had to be presented
really from the idea of this is gonna be
made into toys like there's so many
things and Batman and Robin where it's
like it's only in the movie so they can
make toys of it he's flat out said that
and so like yeah the idea of putting
nipples on the Batsuit like he had to
present that to somebody in them okay
yeah but like he didn't have to point
out the nipples he could be like here
are the costumes yeah maybe maybe he was
subversive about that nipple placement
it's possible
yeah what stuff I saw and I think I even
think you're ready jump down there I'm
going for speed okay so I'm not super
paying attention is Jack even trying oh
who cares we're talking about bat
nipples right no I'm going I'm trying
for one of the achievements is is
beating the game in under ten minutes
okay which I have done you know back
when I was playing this every hour of
every day just seeing if I got enough
enough for the muscle memory of me to
have to get done
yes probably now but like I just beat
that level in 16 seconds pretty good
pretty good
we can do better
so why won't they do a ninja Batman with
a koala faster
with a cloth costume you'll not not
armor plating coz Batman's to associated
with that look now yeah yeah now it's
just momentum eventually Batman will
fall out of favor again I can only
assume and then they'll be able to do a
nice reboot of everything it's possible
than Zack Snyder might be responsible
for Batman followed out what's your
rights okay although I I mean I hated
that Man of Steel movie but it was a
huge hit so what do I know
yeah that's true what the fuck Curren
and Miller
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it but like was it just it
wasn't a big success because it was the
first Superman movie in a while and now
people know it's suck I don't know I
haven't talked to anyone that liked it
but I'm guessing there were people that
liked it I mean it must be somebody saw
it and enjoyed it weren't recommending
it to other people where people have
said about our negative review yeah
people were really passionate about that
movie one way or the other so really
yeah
that's shocking you had finally seen it
I'm suing Nana see yeah it's the work
and I went in prepared for it to be
really bad the thing that sucks is like
I'm okay with Ben Affleck being Batman
and I've seen what the costume looks
like and I'm okay with the design of the
costume like it has potential but next
nighter
like Zack Snyder if he wasn't involved
maybe I don't know yeah yeah I don't
know like Man of Steel was just just
like everything wrong with modern movies
in in a Superman cascade like okay okay
okay no I
we needed a new coffin height retreat
yeah Fatima's slime subscribe to
brochure okay I find whatever that slime
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we do I wish Zack Snyder had
spent his career making Dawn of the Dead
sequels I knew I knew it then I disliked
that Donna I'm okay with Dawn of the
Dead remake but that tomorrow would do
to the script and anything Donna Dead
remake had one good sequence the whole
opening the whole opening scene yeah the
opening is great and the the opening
sequence is only great cuz that Johnny
Cash song just edited to Johnny Cash
music fuckin gold lead up to that where
she comes out of her house in the
morning and the whole suburban
neighborhood is in chaos
that's what for the longest time because
I love the Romero movies I loved zombie
movies and like apocalypse movies it's
like that's what I want to see but I'd
never seen it done on that scale before
and I'm like a big movie like this yeah
this was like this is fucking awesome
the reason I haven't seen this next
nighter whodunit the dead we make is
because whether or not they're a bigger
threat I don't care I prefer my zombie
slow and shambling I do too there's some
things there's just something creepier
about that
well that's the thing is it's creepier
the Dawn of the Dead remake is more of
an action that's not more like a zombies
though sure Jerry it feels like more of
a like an immediate threats if there's
one zero viewers so it's a different
thing but I yeah as far as zombies go I
like them slow and shambling and creepy
and haunting more yes more than vicious
monsters that are running towards you
it's it's a different enough thing where
I can watch them both and appreciate him
in a different way
Man of Steel was a good emo with
Superman powers flick okay what does
that even mean
was a it was a good comma emo with super
and powers like no but I don't want to
see emo Superman it was even okay let's
let's get rid of our preconception of
what Superman should be the movie didn't
make any sense yeah that's even taking I
mean I think like you can't deviate that
much from the Superman that people know
and why Superman is I agree like what
you think that you can take liberties
whatever but even that aside just as a
movie it's terrible it's terrible
there's no rhyme or reason to the the
the order that the scenes are happening
in and then the Undine is just it's just
excessive nonsense and then the ending
ending is Superman punching a dude in
the face something he could have done at
any point in the movie fuck I my
favorite purse told his first kiss but
Lois Lane is is well the ashes and
thousands of dead people are raining
down upon everybody's dead but thank God
they got together they're kissing in
Billy's ashes what did Billy ever do for
the free world
but thank God Laurence Fishburne's okay
that character he grew did no one walk
throughout the course of the movie they
kept cutting him thank god he's alright
he's just the worst just the worst I
will accept no defense of man of steel
no defense of whatsoever
yeah
Superman suddenly has a qualms about
killing a mass murderer after he sent a
nuclear bomb to the other side of all
the other mass murderers now this one
mass murderer he's different I'm trying
to remember Superman Returns Superman
Returns that one's just kind of boring
boring yeah had one had like this
amazing this one amazing action sequence
with the airplane if you remember the
airplane yeah which even I didn't like
that scene like that's the first time I
watched the movie I shut the movie off
after that scene oh dude this is like
even this I'm not like excited by like
I'm done so I gave up I rewatched it
before we saw Man of Steel for her half
of the bag episode but yeah the first
time I saw it I was like this is dolls
is boring I don't care what's happening
there's this action scene with the plane
and there's like I don't care I'm done
yeah
I agree that I didn't care about
anything that was happening it's a good
action scene man that's fine it's well
executed I guess I just didn't care
about I was like I don't care if this
plane crashes or not yes none
J I have a real question about the
editing of plinkus Revenge of the Sith
video it includes shots of both the
Royal Tenenbaums which mike says he
never saw and the Dawn of the Dead
remakes opening scene which we both like
did you contrive that portion of the
video contrived I think I made the
suggestion of using my tables read that
last part but I made the suggestion of
using the Royal Tenenbaums shot it was
an example of meson the same shot in
composition that was by suggestion so I
guess that was about my only
contribution to the blicker reviews he's
all set me is all the same we stay
worried sometimes she says why would you
skip the damsel question did you go back
you know yeah I'm just reading the
comments oh I didn't I'm not looking at
the screen no not a speedrun you know
you generally skip the dance little
damsels because you're not worried about
that you're just worried about your time
but if they're in your path you grab him
and she was in a path I grab their
one-celled on like that one I skipped
cuz it would have taken me too much time
to go grab her
of course I'm just losing all these
times falling and all these goddamn
holes
too many fucking holes you know I'm
saying fucking holes everywhere just
fucking holes no way you're gonna holes
is what I'm doing
c-3po says one-one he skipped the damsel
fun what do you want me to say about
Galaxy Quest haha yeah I thought once
it's fine the only thing that can make
Galaxy Quest better is if you actually
got the Star Trek license and used the
next-gen cast clearly we're not suppose
I know no that's the only way that movie
could be better I haven't seen that
movie in a really long time isn't Sam
Rockwell like essentially the red shirt
and he's just worried to the whole day
yes gonna kill this well you played a
red shirt once okay that's what it was
yeah
yeah this controller so cliquey she
turned the mic down just directly onto
it right okay can hear it guys right his
name was guy too yeah I think that's not
Netflix now I should re-watch that I
haven't seen in probably a decade I
watched that like a couple weeks ago
yeah yeah a lot of fun is that the only
movie starring Tim Allen that's worth a
damn if you don't come Toy Story oh yeah
I guess he doesn't poison them yeah
jungle jungle the jungle yeah there's a
remake of general the jungle he's got a
couple movies nothing big I think he's a
shaggy dog movie just like javi chase
did he did the Santa Claus no those
Santa Claus movies they made three of
those you know Yeah right see everyone
saying Santa Claus man everyone knows
the Santa Claus
Christmas with the Kranks starring him
and no miss in that movie with him I
don't remember I know the movie fuck I
can't think of it now what Jamie Jamie
Lee Curtis yeah it's him and Jane Maddie
Curtis is it mm-hmm I did that right in
the microphone sorry oh my god oh that's
my wrist yeah this is just what my
knuckles do every you know time yeah
that's gross
I know ah to be fair though like I think
I've been playing spelunky for two hours
straight
are you done what's bunkie okay I've
never done with spunky I don't you know
like I don't know when we're gonna reach
the point of just people not I mean
we've already hit podcast okay there's
nothing I'm really in the mood to play
yes and you weren't digging mastermind
too and so then it's just like why am I
playing oh we could just talk or does
that does that lend us to a whole
different level
oh I will play for a while put on
something
I did it I did it
Jamie Lee Curtis pastor wavers no she
didn't that's not true that's not true
you're unless it happened earlier today
Jamie Lee Curtis is like the coolest
chick I've ever seen interviews with her
like especially recently she's awesome
all right I mean I would believe it how
about that that's all I can offer this
seems like the coolest person I wanna
hang out with Jamie Lee Curtis and she's
married to Christopher Guest oh well
then she's the coolest person yeah
sorry a Fish Called Wanda yeah she's
great now she's great and everything
she's great and everything a Fish Called
Wanda I think is that really I saw that
movie for the first time last year I had
never seen it
you've never even though I like Monty
Python I like all the people involved
for whatever reason I just have never
seen it before I'm in the single I
haven't seen it either it's really fun
it's all really good and I love my
Python yeah you should really see it's
good yeah and Jamie Lee Curtis is funny
in a fucking Kevin Kline Gavin Klein's
really good everybody's really good I
love Michael Palin in that movie just
constantly being a minister yep
everyone's great mm-hmm yeah it's a it's
a it's a great comedy John Cleese good
old John Cleese kill John Cleese please
please
please is a Cleese or Cleese please
please string a letter thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it yes
a crunch is screamy
yeah I'm aware that James Gunn wrote the
scooby-doo movies that's strange letter
I read that wrong
Oh what what did you say I said strangle
letter Oh screen readers oh yeah but
where James Gunn wrote those movies
that's not enough to make me see them
no I don't know if they're decent kids
movies I don't care that's like like
work-for-hire you're just trying to make
it as a screenwriter when you wrote
those I don't care about them I don't
care about scooby-doo in general I
didn't even like scooby-doo and I was a
kid I agree all the time there's a newer
scooby-doo that's less offensive oh I
heard the the newer one it's on Netflix
and it has lots of like references to
horror like more modern horror movies
yeah I've heard that I've heard about
that and they like they actually do
stuff and you know like actually have
somewhat of characters it's not it's not
the worst it's not the word it's not the
worst there's a ringing endorsement for
the modern scooby-doo cartoon well but I
also feel like old scooby-doo is the
fucking world
yeah I never liked them no not only did
I not like it anyone who did like it was
a giant asshole I guess I don't know
anyone that liked it none of us watched
scooby-doo I know of a person who got a
full vac Scooby Doo tattoo I know are
you joking who got a tattoo from his ass
crack to the back of his neck that is
Scooby and Shaggy smoking a bong that
sounds like a person I would never want
to communicate whenever
this is a person who I knew at one point
everyone could probably guess what point
in my life that was no one in the right
mind would get a scooby no adult would
get a scooby-doo tattoo No
how large is it from his ass crack to
the bottom of his neck it is a full back
shoulder all right but I do in a pack
first of all I don't endure Scooby Doo
in general so I will not endorse any
Scooby Doo tattoo getting like a work of
art tattooed on your back is one thing
but we're talking about Scooby Doo doos
smoking a bong with shaggy scooby shaggy
that's you can never take off your shirt
you can never have a normal job and then
go to a pool party at your boss's place
and you know for some people but you
know they've just made that decision
like that's just not something that's
happening but that's fucked up
is it me yes it's me there's Jack hates
himself
it was a dark period
just woke up one morning and had the
Giants that was a callback
I wanted to I liked it when I when I
bomb myself I like looking up as if I'm
looking through the heavens as I blow
myself up I think it's funny like I go
like this and wait for the for death to
come
for a death sweet embrace but uh there's
a ladder there so I walked up away from
me okay I'm gonna give it one more try
okay
Oh more anything you can play something
casual dater damn casuals yeah we've had
we had a couple big strings plus a bonus
string this week oh that was sweet if
you planned that which I'm sure you did
one that throw the vase while falling
and landing on the spider that pops out
of the face nope nothing nothing
I didn't plan nothing it's just that you
take credit for that no yeah listen when
I do sweet shit like like knock the the
arrow trap out while falling in front of
the air trap I will I will take full
credit to that for that but like that
sweet shit that you just saw me falling
on to a life just so I didn't take any
fall damage that was just an accident
rich play F T
especially a little long run going oh my
god right that would be the worst yeah
what I'll pay for my cutoff fuck someone
pissed off the shopkeeper than this rise
yep great one more you're trapped
fuck you're entrapped you have no idea
how much I love this game it's so
satisfying whenever you do anything good
it's just and the controls are just so
fucking tight everything works can feel
the wind flap beneath my meaty feet play
dude I will play brutal doom once the
I'm waiting till then I'm not gonna play
the older version and it looks like okay
Oh bacon pants Oh nein I was detained
for a few days I could not do my daily
vlog but I posted a new one today oh
great
I don't want to talk about you know what
happens and why I couldn't post them but
there's a new one oh oh great and I will
continue the daily vlogs so I I saw that
someone was hoping for kind of like a
and maybe like a vlog of the vlog like a
behind-the-scenes of how you make your
vlog I thought that'd be fun
I think about it I'll think about it I
know it's not you that's twice as much
work it's twice as much work and you
know like your vlog has such a simple
setup you know just you talkative it's
just a webcam I'm just talking about
things complicate this you set things up
I figure out what you're gonna talk
about everyday that could be fun hmm
where do ideas come from who knows right
right there that's a maybe I'll talk
about that tomorrow you should do a vlog
where ideas come from
that's my blog for tomorrow great it's
settled
that's great
I have one minute that's cool he needs
to get to ohm I can be Tomac in under I
want to say it's under eight minutes
okay and there are four or there are
three worlds with four levels each if
you want to get this achievement for me
that's fine and eat my brenes of folders
like a Rube Goldberg machine yes yes
fall damage hit by a tiki trap and eaten
by giant piranha thank you so much oh I
fucking love this game I need to play
this more I need to play this more Jay
you worried that your vlog was in the
top ten on YouTube vlogs last week the
other nine were self-indulgent punks so
there you go
punks oh well that's great great I'm
glad people are interested in what I
have to say I'll do my best to continue
to keep it interesting that was a
glorious way to die what
which doesn't Avengers two of cheap and
kind of Lee just feels low-budget I
don't see the one trailer yeah I missing
the teaser trailer you know what like of
a modern big-budget movie yeah it's
super movies it depends on the character
imagine I'm not celebrating over every
individual detail we get every morsel of
information yeah I don't care no and by
the way neither should you guys someone
leaks a costume or what was it a Ryan
Reynolds just like instagrammed
shot of the Deadpool mask oh really it's
just like that doesn't mean anything
wait till the fucking movie comes out
yeah and Avengers is the cornerstone of
the Marvel Cinematic Universe it's gonna
look good
it's just Whedon again right Yeah right
his chance again they they the only
reason they make all these other movies
is to make the big Avenger movies yeah
it's gonna look good don't be an asshole
here's a question yeah does the Marvel
Cinematic Universe falter once Robert Jr
is gone you know I think at this point
they've got enough other things going on
where they'll be okay I mean he's
responsible for any of this existing
like if that first I remember we gonna
do well I mean that was driven so much
by just his personality yes hormones so
they all were opportunity sooner a lot
you know but I think it's it's at a
point now where it can sustain without
him it'll be interesting in general when
they have to replace someone yeah yeah
that's true for whatever reason for
whatever reason but I mean even Liberty
does that though with the Hulk but no
one cares about the Hulk well but but
that was like technically Incredible
Hulk was free Cinematic Universe or you
know no no there was the Angley Hulk
that one doesn't count
Edward Norton Hulk ties in if there was
like I haven't seen it but I know there
was some sort of credit sequence what
there was there was a credit sequence it
ties in that that's officially
completely disconnected from the rest of
them I've never actually said does it
actually contradict anything I don't
know okay I never saw the the Edward
Norton Hulk theater nor Hawk is so dull
that's what I assumed I was like okay
this is gonna be safe and this is just
like to establish that Hulk is this
character in this universe and it's not
gonna be anything interesting everybody
hates the angley Hulk but like at least
it was trying for some fun everybody was
great it I don't know if I was going
great but it has its own style it's it's
it's trying to do something interesting
it's great I mean the end is a cheese
factory the end of angley's hullick how
all kinds of
the bad guy it doesn't I don't even
remember what happens don't think you
may end up in like a pond and you can't
tell what's happening so you know nick
nolte becomes a monster who can absorb
energy yeah and and he wants all of the
Hulk's energy because he seems to have
limitless energy because he gets energy
from his anger yeah and so the Hulk uses
his mind to transfer all of his anger to
Nick Nolte but it's too much in a pool
and he yeah like the giant jellyfish of
anger and then explode that's right I
just remembered watching to me like what
is happening but the lead-up to that
there's a whole part when Nick Nolte is
like he's in handcuffs and he's just he
has this whole monologue and it's shot
like a stage play and I thought that was
really interesting like he's just going
off about the whatever he was talking
about I haven't seen it since it was in
the theater but no it was a good
performance and he and he's like mocking
Eric Bana you know yeah for for having
feelings well I wasn't deaf for you wow
yeah I just remember was shot like it
was a completely black background and it
was shot like a stage play and I thought
that was kind of interesting I really I
really liked overall I'm gonna say I
really liked angley's okay obviously end
with super cheese and Angley was really
into the comic book panel he did a
little too much of that yeah a little
too much no a lot too much I would say
shit or not enough because it just there
wasn't enough style in there to make it
not cohesive well it felt like just a
traditional movie that they decided in
editing to start chopping up like yeah
yeah whereas something something like
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world when it yeah
ubiquitous it just becomes part of the
style of the movie yeah yeah you could
tell that was thought through the entire
way yeah yeah that's true play this for
a bit rich is gonna use it
isn't that a band Five Finger Death
fives a band bunch this game gets it
done with only one finger yeah Jack
likes

[Part IV]
it's higher way yeah yeah that's true
play this for it rich is gonna use it
isn't that a band Five Finger Death
fives a band bunch this game gets it
done with only one finger yeah Jack
likes that but hates x-men a future bass
I do hate x-men Days of Future past
yeah you're an MC not a bad movie that
makes no sense
that is a bad movie that makes no sense
how does it not make any sense okay I
haven't seen it since the theater by the
way I would have to re-watch it down
there I've only seen it once okay
explain so my first problem with the
movie came during the opening sequence
in which we find out that they have
time-travel powers okay and this is
after we see that characters have died
right yeah and we don't know who they
are but like they're part of a
resistance or something right okay I
think it feels like we missed the movie
yeah that was one thing I noticed right
away it was like was there a movie
before this that I didn't see before the
way I was okay with that because then I
like I liked how they were just throwing
us into the world
okay and of course I'm an x-men guy and
so it's like I you probably knew what
was going on better than I did who was
going on but then so characters died
it's like oh shit
shit's getting real right away oh wait
we have time-travel powers so death
doesn't mean anything yeah okay that's
fine so death doesn't mean anything so
therefore all death from now on doesn't
mean anything when it comes to these
characters then we get to the point
where the the big thing that bothered me
about how what makes no sense about it
is kitty is holding on to Logan's
brainpower right but Logan is in the
past for like a couple days right yes so
does kitty have to hold there a couple
days because like they do the cut back
and forth from Kitty to the past from
kitty to the past a lot so Kitty has to
stay there holding Logan's head for four
days it could be it could be you know
ten minutes in modern time and then you
know but like in in future time they
have a changing of the guard looking out
for centuries like time has passed
the future hmm what are we talking about
I honestly don't remember I would have
to rewatch the movie x-men Days of
Future past I just it just did not sit
well with me I think Jennifer Lawrence
was not acting very well in it well
she's not right for that part they keep
making her such a central part of it
because she's Jennifer Lawrence now so
that I mean that's from my head weather
book and then we get to Quicksilver
sequence which is a fun secret Oh a
sequence is great super fun sequence
quit where we're introduced to this
character of Quicksilver who then plays
no part in later portions of the movie
and is not present during the first part
of movie so it's like we meet a new
character he has one cool thing get by
that's okay
who gives a fuck about this guy this is
function in the movie was to help him do
this once but I'm okay with I think
that's kind of cheap and then they can
bring him back for other movies I think
this kind of cheap I think that was a
cheap a visual gag game froze alright
I'm great at suspension of disbelief
I love suspending my disbelief and I'm
super great in it
at it super great at it I don't know I
just it didn't it didn't seem a lot a
lot of convenience a lot of Professor X
doesn't have his Professor X powers now
right that's nice they're giving him a
drug or something right yeah you
remember what happens at the movie he
was on yeah he was that well he was
unlike a shit he was taking like it was
like a drug metaphor yeah yeah
I don't like it you guys liked it fuck
you how about I also don't give a shit
about x-men so like I just kind of
watched it as a movie right and that
could have been a problem and I watched
it with Lisa who is a much bigger x-men
fan than me and you know in general we
were okay like the first x-men will be
obviously operators of action movies
yeah my first phone I didn't I know it
was like a huge hit but I didn't care
much more I like the second one a lot
the second one is really good second was
great and the first one though it's like
we remember we didn't see there wasn't
anything like BAM yeah time and so it's
like for fans of the comic books we get
something yeah well what I appreciated
about those movies is they don't they
didn't have the fill under the week
mentality well it's like every movie has
to introduce a new villain like it
didn't have any of that shit yeah and I
appreciated that yeah cuz that's what
I'll like it's starting with like
probably Batman Returns where it's like
we got the penguin but we also have cat
little bit and that's not a big like
each sequel has to have more villain
exploding villain yeah yeah I think it
started with Batman Returns that makes
that makes sense is any end up with shit
like spider-man 3
keep throwing in characters that'll make
them fix it right yeah this is just
having main character have some sort of
conflict you have to deal with no and
I'm not mentioning x3 because we don't
talk about that
but I'm the juggernaut bitch word he
said it in the movie because of an
internet doesn't know because they said
it on the internet and people say it on
the yeah there was an internet thing
before the movie right
yeah there's an internet thing before
then they put in the movie as a
reference to that they'd became an error
like to the best of my no no yeah no i
100% can confirm was an internet thing
was one of those like people doing bad
voiceover adapted of the x-men cartoon
it's a if they're kind of silly video if
you're a fan of the experiments what
I will wholeheartedly State I see a lot
of people shitting us by the name for
now spider-man 3 is a better movie than
oh god yes I like a lot of things in
spider-man 3 yeah I know everybody hates
that movie but everybody hates the the
dancing the Peter Parker dancing I think
I associate that more with a goofy
awkward Sam Raimi thing than a
spider-man thing and I think it's funny
because it's it's it's Peter Parker
doing what he thinks is cool exactly and
I think they were walking by him like
what does they're doing right and it's
so goofy like it feels like a Sam Raimi
moment yes you know what would someone
who has no concept of what cool is do if
they thought they were cool Yeah right
now so I'm fine with that and that's the
one of the big things that everybody
hated about that movie was then the
Peter Parker dancing down the street I
don't think it was the dancing on the
street that they hated it was the Jazz
Club sequence at OU see and I was okay
with that that took it a little too far
taking a little too far is what people
say when they haven't seen any Sam Raimi
movie decom Peter Parker says dig funny
because it's so over-the-top
there's a lot of things I won't defend
in that movie but I'm okay with all that
stuff alright I can't
- no no no well I don't know about venom
in the comics I just know he was
shoehorned into the movie was terrible
venom is a great villainy weak
motivation lame his powers just strong
he's evil spider-man no he but he's a
generic stupid thing the evil version of
the hero yeah that's real original who
cares if it's original the the great
thing about venom is that he nullifies
spider-man's spider-sense because the
symbiote was originally attached by an
interesting character that nullifies
bioship listen original venom it has
crazy weak motivation I agree with them
but venom as a character I drink
venom existing in that third spider-man
movie is such a just like dumb
coincidence that this thing happens to
fall from space right where Peter Parker
is the dumb thing falls from space right
where Peter Parker happens to be the
Sandman just so happened like as it
turns out there was another person who
shot your own oh that's stupid to the
rep counting yes and the fact that they
set up at the end of the second
spider-man like holy shit on Harry
Osborn knows that Peter Parker is
spider-man holy shit how is this gonna
pay off in the next movie and then they
spend most of the third movie with him
having amnesia just so they don't have
to deal with that well this is a great
excuse that is stupid in the comics is
gold yeah midnight of the century thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated
spider-man 2 is great spider-man 2 this
is probably my favorite comic book a
movie a lot of the tools yeah they
always get it m'lady third they try and
figure out what they're doing with the
first movie you know they get it down so
the second movie is like exactly what it
needs to be and then the third one it
gets uploaded and well and then the
third one contractual obligations dry up
or directors to decide they want to make
Superman Returns yeah yeah Iron Man to
someone mentioned that that's an
exception to the second movie getting it
right Iron Man 2 is kind of a mess Iron
Man 2 is a copy-paste of Iron Man no
it's like they set up Mickey Rourke is
the villain and I don't know what to do
with him for the entire middle of the
movie so he just kind of sits around
doing you know theme and then he comes
back to near the end I guess I guess
it's lots of ideas with no cohesive
story I can I can see Iron Man 2 is more
of a set up a straight set up to the
Avengers than an Iron Man well that's
what's frustrating too is there's all
these shoe horns and things that's not
an excuse yeah oh yeah it doesn't
function as its own movie it just
functions in the Senate for you yes it
has I don't even love the first Iron Man
really I love Robert Downey jr. and all
those movies it I love all the the set
up in the first Iron Man him like
figuring out how the suit works and yeah
yeah but then it's like Jeff Bridges
shows up he's got a bigger Iron Man suit
and that's the end of the movie isn't I
know that's the problem I just that
whole any
that was all the build-up and he liked
learning and he's awesome that part I
think though that Iron Man 3 is an
absolute goddamn fantastic masterpiece
back to me everyone hates I don't yeah
it's a lot of people made Iron Man 3
what I don't know people were mad at us
for it aside for liking it
yeah what yep they should teach classes
on how good an action movie Iron Man 3
black like he knows how to write a movie
like that he's done it for decades
fucking shit people get your shit
together
threes a masterpiece my one goes of ours
ago the masterpiece behind a very good
movie an action masterpiece it's very
different than a masterpiece I don't
even think I'd go that far but I do like
it
I even like it yeah they put in a dumb
kid I made him okay work yeah yeah I'm
in three is all about Robert Downey jr.
you know believing in himself right
discovering his powers because he
doesn't have any superpowers right right
so what's a really great action sequence
between the second and third act is him
not having the Iron Man suit and having
but that didn't expose exactly he
learned how to be a hero without his
goddamn suit he learned through an
action suit you do an action then no I
understand I don't understand the hatred
for everyone
oh I'm defending my own universe the
final of the Mandarin turned out to be
broad it wasn't true to the comic books
if people actually believe that they're
assholes an idiot that was great that
was super fun I thought that was a nice
twist that was a super fun twist and
along the same theme of
movie of kind of self-deception I might
be what do you call it when that might
be a little pretentious in reading it's
bad but I'm gonna talk about the last
action sequence of anyway that's one
thing that I know people complain about
or just all those Iron Man suits show up
oh and I'm about to defend he does he
does because what's the major conflict
between him and Pelton's Pepper Potts
the main conflict is him like being too
obsessed with the suitors right yeah the
suits being kind of his facade and so
during the last action sequence what
happens he's jumping from facades facade
and each of his exteriors are getting
slashed away until it's just him below
but people are looking at this literally
and they're looking at is just like an
action scene and that's when they
complain but it's also very like it's an
exciting action scene as well but but
like it's also a visual metaphor of what
the character is going through people
don't want to see that just fucking hell
it's a masterpiece
nobody wants to see that no one wants to
see perfectly executed visual medicine
they shouldn't be watching movies oh man
I've seen Iron Man 3 2 times I I've only
seen it the one time in the theater I
should rewatch this - I did
doesn't chain blackening something like
butter now he's running the new predator
that'd be great
him and friend jacquard who wrote they
wrote monster squad together in Fred
Dekker hasn't worked in like 20 years
do monsters we do we just watched it in
Jack's house oh we watched we had a
double feature of frozen and monstrous
and you guys might be right I might be
reading too much inside Man 3 but also
at the point yeah I think that's what
they were going for I'd like to big that
if not that's what I see it as I like
the thing people complain about though
is if he can call all those all those
suits why didn't you do that earlier in
the movie okay in fact there was a like
extended sequences of him checking on
the that's right but was there some sort
of comfort before his house got trashed
where that would have come in handy
taking all those seats and trying to
know cuz he had it rigors okay well his
house got trash people are complaining
because it makes them upset they're
complaining because they explain
like if they mean like why didn't he use
those suits they weren't builded we
build them because of the adventures yes
well that's another thing people
complain about all these Marvel movies
now since they're all connected is like
why don't they call you know why don't
they call one of the other revenge
because there's a problem the comic
books - yeah you just kind of have to go
with it well you the avengers don't
answer their phone a whole lot yeah you
just have to accept that these are
separate movies and they're not gonna
call each other all the time right I can
handle oh no I'm so sorry
c-3po Tazo I'm sorry that you agree with
me and now you don't know what to think
yeah we watched it we watched frozen and
we watched we watched monsters club it's
a very weird double feature
I'm very strange and I had to face the
unfortunate truth that monster squads
not very good I still love it I grew up
with it but Dracula throws dynamite into
it into a tree house because that's what
Dracula does and there's a buddy cop
movie somewhere in the middle that's
Shane black I'm okay with that
listen I won't give you Shane Black in
general but I think of a movie about him
kids fighting monsters who doesn't need
your buddy
yes wolf man's got nards that's that's
the takeaway from my movie that's the
and mall mall rat count yes why was the
mummy hiding in the closet
nothing did that really makes any sense
right I still love it but it's not a
good movie I won't because of nostalgia
Nico
the beer that I was drinking earlier
today follows points stomping spoken
thus Corbin yeah this is tasty very good
beer like any good beer it's a high
alcohol come so you can save on calories
in this drink what oxygen iron man 3 god
damn it yeah watch it so great the only
thing I can't remember like I I I want
to and I have called it a movie that
they should teach if you are interested
in making action movies you need to
learn
I think every action sequence in that
movie serves a purpose to either move
the story forward or to further
character which should be in any good
action that's what the action sequences
for like a like a musical the musical
numbers that's what they do yeah I need
it's listen to classic tunes the only
thing I don't remember is what the first
action sequence is because it starts in
the past it starts in the year 1990 oh
yeah there's the with the guy Pierce
character who's playing Jim Carrey from
Batman Forever that whole sequence
happens what is the first action scene
that's what I can't remember what the
first action house blowing up is that it
really yeah that's a pretty far away
into the movie because you know there's
an opening yeah you gotta have the
opening action saying maybe it doesn't
have one if it doesn't have one I need
to re-watch it the first action sequence
is the Avengers yes the entire Danny in
the whole movie yeah Iron Man 3 has huge
plot holes like I mean it could I guess
but I don't think that's true
state your case c-3po Tazo I'm gonna say
your name cuz I like it well that's
that's where everybody complains about
it might have a pothole or two and as we
all know any plot hole means the movie
is complete Dodger absolutely anything
that doesn't completely add up these are
the whole
right Mike's partly to blame for that I
know I don't think Mike's to blame I
think people that watch a video the
videos it'll get the wrong impression
there to blow Sir Robert bizarre job
100% be incredible this is yes yeah The
Incredibles great the rebels is a good
James Bond movie The Incredibles is are
good everything
The Incredibles is the type of movie
that the scene always loved in that is
when they're on the island towards the
end and the mom is in the cave of the
two kids and she says flight out telling
he's her children like there are people
out there that will fucking kill you yes
like just like flat-out stadion I was
like wow for a kids movie that's pretty
intense yeah I thought that was great
mistakes yeah yeah it's takes exactly
spread bird doing the next one the next
one if they're doing one it's probably
bad I can't imagine do about anyone else
no need to go down the live-action stuff
now yeah but he was so like Incredibles
is his thing yeah I can't lose the
rights I can't imagine that I can't
imagine him being okay with anyone else
making that doesn't mean they won't that
doesn't mean they won't but I mean Brad
Bird has done well enough by them he
promised I hope this is all because
talking hope
my ex-girlfriend hates the incredibles I
don't date her you made the right call
I knew a guy who broke up with his
girlfriend because she didn't much care
for okay see that fortune iron opposite
ends here airplanes brain but I don't
know you should break up over not like
you I guess it depends on how much you
personally like airplane yeah if I how
often is this going to come up via Skype
no no airplane is the is the canary in
the mine what else is she not gonna let
you know yeah to have those movies where
it's like if they don't like this then
we're not going well then you're not
liking her because she's a humorless
jerk and not because she doesn't like
that's valid though yes that's valid
this is what I'm saying yeah the logic
makes sense but that's where he made the
decision and he did not explore it any
farther
oh you don't like airplane sorry yeah I
see I like airplane but I don't think
that would be the tipping point for me
you know no I mean there are other
movies though that are more like
important to me and like personal to me
where it's like if if she doesn't like
this movie I don't think that it's going
to work out okay what's that I would say
Eraserhead okay and taxi driver and the
Graduate what if they were what if like
she was just indifferent well then I
would it would depend on a lot of other
facts sure outside of just movies but
movies are such a big part of you know
who I am and what my interests are that
makes sense now that I now that someone
has to agree with all my opinions on
every movie ever but there was no
specific movies are like they mean so
much to me sure they they mark so much
of your personality
that would be an indication of other
glaring personality difference yes
exactly
a microcosm of larger issues
one of the few films my boyfriend and I
watched together was the room five years
ago there you go there you go
that might be one to add to the list
that's the room you must cuz that's nuts
on the other end just like you know
Eraserhead text irreverent like I love
those movies but the room is like the
ultimate so bad it's good movie you have
to do and I love you know bad movie
what if they haven't seen anything
please let me introduce them too and
then you have that awkward viewing
experience if they don't like it that's
the worst and you just waited like
there's a movie that you love and you
show to someone and then you can tell
they're not into it but you got to
finish the whole movie that is the worst
experience yeah I've been through that a
few times it sucks
it's like soul-crushing looks like this
movie means so much to me
my girlfriend liked feeding frenzy I
haven't spoken to her son yeah I can see
it illegally ripped a copy what I did
don't you have a copy no I mean I ripped
it from the DVD oh I think my utorrent
it our movie I did you think you're in
my digital erupted okay that's different
I needed a sequence for the next prereq
we we talked about I had a movie
analogue I needed a sequence in the
movie I thought there's a scene feeding
frenzy where rich and I are both in that
sense I copy
let's see did you there's only a couple
with the two of you I guess yeah it's
one outside me hoping the shotgun seemed
that was an old issue
everything is miserable tissue
there's only a cut-off time for Jillian
I have to drive back to Chicago so even
Washington get up and it was raining
oh that's your thing are you were
involved in I have not seen that yeah oh
no I wrote it and go directed it okay I
don't remember how much a moment acted
in it I have not seen it in maybe a
decade okay I just don't you know look
Bob turtles still great in that movie
you know really bad I I don't even
remember you in it I think when I saw it
I didn't know you I don't think I know
you knew you I saw a movie it's so I'd
have to re-watch it even remember who
you are
oh wait are you the guy who keepin you
shot yeah okay yeah I'm squibs swims
that's right the lovable best friend who
keeps getting job yeah okay for context
for the chat this is yeah I guess they
have no idea what the hell we're talking
about this is a short
Oh an eyeball this is a short movie that
I made with my cousin
a lot unknown uh 15 years ago maybe
maybe 10 years I have no I have no
concept of spatial this was one of the
very first things that I made like on a
big level you know like it's a 20 minute
short and it's rough I remember thinking
it was funny there's it gets a lot
better but like the the first all of the
exposition is so that's usually how it
works is out like the the setup has
always sort of awkward and then as the
movie goes along it gets better I feel
that way about Pete yeah get getting the
set up out of the ways always the
hardest part is that's probably true too
a commentary track determined error
James Cameron said that's why all the
exposition happens during JC yeah there
yeah that's a good
like any good action like ducking shots
what was saying I'm from the future and
deserve her in the Terminator with a
commentary track version I have I think
mine does okay it has them in common
that's we're coming to retrac I've heard
that somewhere and save it
sure okay makes sense I wish there was a
commentary track on my toe
no mall mall radical there's nowhere you
can see it I was thinking of uploading
it to YouTube but then I watched it
that's how I am with a lot of my old
films too or it's like I know people
have said like they'd be curious to see
it but no there's there's some really
good jokes in it you you think you want
to see it until you see it yeah and also
we use some apparent we use some copy
written songs like just straight up yeah
yeah that was I used to do that all the
time too yeah cuz you just you didn't
were thinking about that you don't care
you guys made for fun for fun yeah
you're making me have fun yeah so I'd
have to I'd have to see if I could find
the files which I don't have
I don't know got it so I don't even
think I could get it up on YouTube it
has it has a song that YouTube's my
right
like a big enough song
crazy boy I don't know I'll think about
it I'll think about it maybe I'll have
gay wanted I just remember Bob hurt it's
never him being hilarious hilarious he's
the best to give you a sense of how old
it was we had Bob Curtin riff on Google
and different things you could do on the
Internet because at the time the
internet was oh that's right I remember
that part yeah there's like Google you
haven't heard of Google like this that
was the joke is that people hadn't heard
of good boy yeah that's how old this
movie yeah oh yeah you could gu all
sorts of stuff yeah he's just listing
out things that you can Google yes I'm
assuming some of that is ambulance right
okay we always say that was like Google
you never heard of Google and we said
Bob my uncle isn't it who's great my
uncle is the best worst actor in the
world
yeah Jake was still in college I don't
know I have no concept of space our
thing
it's a rough one but we like we burned a
bunch of DVDs like printed on covers and
sand in my basement still is like 30
DVDs isn't a horrible background I have
a box of 30 DVDs well you never know
when you need them I was so far but we
shot it on my grandparents old farm in
the old farmhouse that was recently
raised as in destroyed is that the the
barn that we shot dr. the dead no not
the big red barn okay
oh it so it's a great barn if you don't
remember what the barn looked like it I
don't it's been a great old creepy but
unfortunately there's no concepts of
spaces and just live in the marvel
universe right right
Jack will space cops time travel be
better than x-men Days of Future past
yes yes I can only assume I here's
here's the truth I have not seen enough
of space cop to know how face contracted
exactly so what's the issue method of
travel I can only assume that space cop
does not travel through time through his
consciousness No
so therefore it's better you travels
through time of the Polish line yeah as
long as it's not someone pushing your
consciousness to a past form of yourself
no benefit
you Wisconsin izing the creepy barn it's
true or vote we are folding
well there is a new arts yeah a bunch of
creepers and snow who drill boasts
wagons as he finally watched Miami
connection congratulations you're
welcome
what did you think I hope you enjoyed it
as much as we did
my reconnecting
recommend more kids show like the new
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles I need more
stuff to watch like that when I first
wake up and my brain is still mush
spectacular spider-man actually ultimate
spider-man spectacular
they asked me your dumb alter the
ultimate spider-man is a fantastical new
shows ultimate spider-man is a really
fantastic spider-man I really enjoyed it
Batman braving the bold is a nice lights
Batman there Batman TV show
so my getting them flips back my brave
little buddy came out looks spectacular
but while I do that when you could
Netflix ultimate spider-man and it's way
better and what way is over
that's the goofier one where he like
does enemy things and talks to himself
it's goofy spider-man there's some goofy
aliens but there's also a little more
shield stuff there's no characters that
we enjoy Power Man is in it I'm a fan of
Power Man in general I'll remain 5,000
damage if yep
the fan of the holiday entire band is in
it a lot old scooby-doo episodes later
the band showed up good job
yeah cage cage Lucas Thank You Luke Cage
aka Power Man Luke Cage Hero for Hire I
don't know what that means
it was Marvel's version of a
blaxploitation character he was okay
where he's basically just super strong
and has unbreakable skinny released at
one point in Africa most notable as
being the first African American with
his own comic book series okay not to be
confused with the Falcon 9 first
african-american hero he's a horrible
mercenary who fights for money I don't
know
no no no no power man you know that was
much of a step up these things you
should know it's February it's Black
History Month you should know not to be
confused with the first black superhero
with his own comic book who was black
panther but he was at
it took place in Africa okay so the
Falcon and Luca cage when did blade come
into play what was that much later okay
slightly later no I think blade was a
character but he just didn't have some
fun Johnny Johnny Cage is Mortal Kombat
that's a janitor Luke Cage had a couple
of fun runs like I read a couple little
ones with
it was it was just a person who knows we
were in the wrong hands
and compel his fists so he has hands of
steel defenses he does or a hand ups he
is a band of Steel is he the perfect
side work I am the perfect cyborg I'm so
glad that might put that in a couple
times that's long you got to because
there was no like Mike didn't mess with
the shot like he did in the zoo man no
it's just frame that way and he didn't
mess with the boys that was the shot
shot probably one thing she was the
perfect sideboard because she had a claw
finger yes yes
pretty decent it was the worst I think
that one thing that that doesn't get
pointed out both alien from the deep and
hands of Steel were both directed by
famous Italian b-movie filmmakers we
mentioned he only from the deep being
Italian and he don't mention that hands
of steel was actually made by alien from
the deep was antonio margheriti he
doesn't look very Italian no but it was
an Italian movie just had a couple of
American actors in it remember the guy
who directed in its name but he also
he's famous for doing them
pretty famous slasher movie called torso
ok hands of Steel okay antonio
margheriti is famous for another italian
slasher movie but those two that's
another thing because we were talking
about like two of the three movies
that's something accountant that's
something those two have in common that
we didn't know at the time overall I was
pretty disappointed in the graphic
things that it's supposed to looks like
what those types of things look like if
you look at like your cable packages
that's what it looks like I wanted in my
it when we were talking about this I was
picturing like three stills from the
movies or like the three boxes and then
like a connecting line with the
different sayings connecting yeah that's
a different type of thing okay he was
going for like the cable path yes and
that's the way the visual in my head
which of course is in no one else is
that because they sit there for the
dystocia right but the vision of might
have it as much
so I get what I'm saying is the whole
episode is women and it is the whole
episode we're gonna scrap it
okay reshoot it great in reality it'll
be up tomorrow okay tonight we're gonna
shoot it tonight
yes and then tonight and they'll be up
tomorrow do you think we have to be in a
time-consuming process I mean we are we
just sit there and talk it's the easiest
thing in the world we just sit there and
talk it's so easy to slap those together
in editing I think I don't know oh yeah
antonio margheriti that was something
that got cut out but we were talking
about oh that's reference hit that
directors reference in an inglorious
basterds the Baxters going to the movie
premiere at the end and pretending to be
he's Italian filmmakers and Eli office
antonio margheriti Christoph Waltz keep
makes him keep saying his name over and
over because he knows the frogs anything
straight has only eight hours left to go
in your Kickstarter mine too saying
something before the Kickstarter is done
and Mather bull yeah we did two days on
strafe including an in-depth interview
with the creator well I thought the game
looked neat I'm not here to show for
what what more do you want from us we're
excited we contributed to the
Kickstarter
fuck man he's over the top whatever what
you want right they made their goal I
don't run it what what do you want us to
say that you don't already know
Dominic Beck HoCo Dominic dick Coco was
at it the other director Dominic oh no
no Antonia Marga ready and you couldn't
think of the other director damn so
someone I see someone is saying Dominic
dick oh that doesn't sound right let me
look it out your cage that you're gonna
be torso
c3 potato is is this blade have his own
book in 1973 Sergio Martinez the other
day right did the movie torso and let me
look up what mark already directly I
want to say please just Acura cake get
one by night
oh and Sonia Marga ready did your hunter
from the future oh yeah which is why the
old man think you're great I mean oh god
he's directing tons of movies here hey
only from the deep was one of his legs
which ones were entertained entertaining
your or alien from the deep yeah he
fights he punches the dancer monster is
more impressive in Alien I don't
remember the paper mache dynasty yes
impressive indeed
hey yours is definitely crazier you're
doesn't he have a flaming sword at one
point yes I don't remember yeah
Darth Vader's in your that was great oh
those are first appearances thank you
c-3po tato
your does have its own theme song and it
has red-brown yeah
and it has every lady in the free world
Jones and four EPS nuts
yours yours especially someone sent us
Fiat because it was made enough was made
as a miniseries or was released as a
miniseries somewhere in the world okay
and someone send us the DVD version of
the miniseries I'm assuming it's the
same thing just chopped up into like a
half-hour show me
I haven't felt a strong urge to revisit
your maybe someday I've seen twice now I
saw the deep doubts too
yeah you guys are just getting into that
we couldn't remember his name Fred Brown
which does have that listeners time to
kill me
late didn't get his own book until 1994
yep really so I thought it was secular
from something else and but I mean his
first appearance is in the 70s and I
didn't get his own high knees
oh and then when the first play movie
came out come out that was like that was
that post matrix oh I remember it
looking like the matrix right uh an orb
normal knob ninety-eight normal knob
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
98 98 so you got a movie shortly after
he had his first television then again
the guardians of the galaxy movie with
based on the comic book that just
premiered a couple years early
remember whatever in any way shape or
form remember Christmas no even the
reboot wasn't that popular no no no did
not sell exceptionally well
such a quiet and graceful what the fuck
well as Mike thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
host matrix was a craving for beginning
post matrix doesn't sound like anything
no it was a it was an air of Billman it
sucked
yes yes post major equilibrium I don't
even remember it ultraviolet I think was
a post major clearly yeah the worst part
of post matrix was the matrix equals
external the ultra it was the fan-made
matrix equals oh sure yeah post
Tarantino there's lots of shitty people
making shitty like dorm movies or people
tried to make Tarantino movies in their
dorm yup and then post matrix they were
making shitty action sequences outside
of their doors yes
they traded their judgment bet over the
Tarantino movies I I don't want to have
anything to do with any of them they
were all terrible what are they doing
now I don't even know kind of shitty
movies and you know with like we know
nothing people they were making movies
then what are people ripping off now ah
what are young what are like 18 year
olds ripping off now right which by the
way like we make fun of it but it's like
we all did the same thing we all made
these shitty movies you learn by me I
can't speak for you Jack well we did not
rip off with a baby we made our own no I
mean before no you you made fun of
people ripping yes you've been making
fun of people for your entire life
basically no we've all made shitty
things yeah you you and Mike made shitty
movie oh yes if they weren't my eyeballs
above yes yeah no but like even like
making shitty ripoffs is is and can be a
good starting point like you start by
making a little shitty ripoffs but one
thing that everybody does is they make
their lightsaber duel everybody shoots a
lightsaber duel cuz they're learning how
to use after doesn't everybody does yeah
sure
and so I wonder what what is the thing
that people are making right now like
you're in college maybe you're in film
school you got a camera oh you know what
are people working off the hell does
anyone have an answer for us cuz I
honestly don't know what they would be
ripping off Geoff who lives at home I
feel like we haven't had I guess maybe
they're making mumblecore movies and
that would be unfortunate but but as far
as like big movies you know yet
Tarantino yet full fiction and then you
have the matrix
like what's the modern equivalent of
that that everyone would be ripping
what's that can't think of anything with
any sort of like really distinct style
what's the big art house let me point to
the blockbuster art out maybe now people
will be ripping off the room am like
trying to do single take things I don't
even know sure
found-footage yeah I guess it is still
pretty popular because it's cheap
yeah I'm cheaply in this room so that's
yeah that's one I guess yeah I'm seeing
a lot of like hipster mumblecore like
that's the worst
it's its extra-tough now because like
everyone has a DSLR so they can all do
that rack focus yeah they kept the field
hand-held rack focus may look already
and shit yeah look it's like I'm seeing
through the chain-link fence but then I
focus on the chair
that's a shot you're gonna see it
everyone's a youtuber no no that's fine
they should be a youtuber just get it
out of your system
yeah if you're gonna rip off shit to
learn which most people do yeah just rip
off shit you like not what's popular no
I mean I was ripping off like John
Waters you know like when I was in high
school I wasn't ripping off old fiction
so this edge a jay-z ripoff whatever you
like just don't make that your business
yes yeah do to learn don't do it like
and change show it to people as if
anyone would care right like like oh
like I made it fun I'm trying to think
of an example oh oh you know I mean Jake
and I definitely tried to make our own
DIY matrix shots a lot obviously we
didn't have no you're trying to do the
bowl timeline the bullet yeah we oh no
fight sequences no we would try to do
bullet time shots all the time like
making our own
then everything looked great but it's
like you know we can you try and see
stuff out don't be discouraged if you
think something has been done before
okay
yeah cuz I see a lot of people like
sensing contradictions but it's like no
you make something that's a ripoff
you know let's say you're making a
matrix ripoff you want to make a plate
and sequence and that's fine don't then
try to show that you want to show that
to your friends we made it fun you're
making that as in an attempt to try and
do it right you're doing it for the
experience not so people can walk you're
not hoping to sell that you're nobody's
doing that well yeah you're not you're
not other odds of making it in would be
better but you know I don't don't film a
ripoff and then expect it to get a
million billion YouTube
make stuff for fun and if it's ripped
off that's okay just don't make that
business unless of course you're doing
high-end parody oh yeah Harry parodies
now
I love the irony jack called a hipster
right I did that on purpose cuz I know
you guys know
no people are going to
I have very discerning taste
I don't think I even fully understand
what a hipster is just go hipsters
becoming a word like pretentious like
everybody calls everything pretentious
yeah now I need another everyone calls
everybody to hit the dirt it's true it's
a word that's lost all you need
yeah what was it before hipster because
hipsters is basically like a yuppie
there was the up easy baby yes there is
emo in the Nayeem oh that I think that
was is that what you're thinking of yeah
everyone was these all have different
means of course we mean like the go-to
word yeah loses all emo goth it was dog
I look up is probably a little more
specific
hipster zo who like things ironically
you don't oh well then I can't be a
hipster because I love Taylor Swift on
ironically so there
oh damn it hipster rule number two is
deny being a hipster jokingly call
everyone else ahead said dammit that's
true I'm back in ok fuck guys give me
some more rules I'll see if I can get
out of this oh here we go hipsters are
rich people that like to dress like
therefore I'm very poor I don't think
that's true does that count
hipsters are no I don't think that's
accurate you don't think that Zach
you're calling you out whoever said that
that's right
oh that's a terribly funny joke
I'm gonna repeat it I wish my lawn was
emo so it would cut itself Wow he went
to a time machine
yeah to 2001 that's a terrible joke and
a very good joke
if there's just a fashion minute yes
like like yuppie before it like emo like
grunge like hippie they were they were
things at one point and then everything
gets co-opted and turns into bland
nothing yep so wait you knew we need the
next thing what's the next thing start
making the next thing guys work on that
and then and then you can call me that
thing hipsters are adults that get
allowance no that's that's called having
a job it's called a paycheck when you
become an adult you'll find out it's
great
well it's great tips our Paint Branch
right but that's what the paycheck is
for there that's what the that's what
the job allowances for it's for paying
bills and stuff heck fraud is the new
frame there we go
I have always been and probably always
will be a hack fraud I know junkie no
you're right I'm a Juggalo I'm down with
the cloud that's right down to clown
until you've dead in the ground for life
for life
number four light how long can they do
that the same clown posse like are they
gonna be doing that in their 50s yeah as
long as the whole empire those guys are
fuckin rich
by taking advantage of dumb people lots
of white trash in this world yeah yeah
that's how they will do it as long as
they can pay the bills okay as soon as
it stops making one if they will move on
yeah they have a whole little Empire
going and when they're dead they're calm
make up in their caskets they're
protegees or whatever will continue the
brand can still do it that's true that's
right yeah yeah that's a good comparison
I guess I'm okay with kiss still doing
it
see this it's theatrical but it doesn't
see this like pathetic yeah I'm not
nothing I'm a big kiss fan or anything
but what we talked about this the other
day was you know kiss and Insane Clown
Posse is a lot like Christianity and
Scientology one's just been around
longer
yeah I enjoy kisses music more sure I
hate Insane Clown Posse music okay I can
agree with you they're not not that I'm
a huge kiss fan but right I can
appreciate it as music more than Insane
Clown Posse
his know that their distances no Insane
Clown Posse who knows that they're just
a business there yeah they're both
listed kissing insane clown posse are
pretty much the same in that regard yes
and 10.com Posse is very aware of their
brand value and don't ever think they're
not fans where I think because face pins
are more aware yes yes I would say
that's a major difference yeah that's it
them
I was called a Juggalo by a hipster once
just because I was drinking a Ponte font
does not what they drink they drink Pago
Pago get it together you can't come to
the next gathering until you drink at
least three fingers there is a specific
cult of people who insist on keeping it
alive that's the official drink of
Juggalos the snake on Tuesday go kiss is
part of the Marvel Universe that's true
they had a comic book right you know
there's the easy the folktale that they
all cut their fingers open and bled into
the ink of the comic book I don't know
if there's any truth to that but that's
the story
Santa Claus is part of our Santa Claus
in official Marvel Canon Santa Claus is
a mutant the toxic avenger was a part of
Marvel or was at one point there was a
comic book that was I don't know that
was he part of the puzzle
yeah oh is that okay it's not just a
comic released through Marvel it okay
and probably not
they're nightmares a company well the
use I think we're getting ready to throw
that well
there will still be a continuity just a
different they go for J go what size
bike I said that cuz it was stupid
congratulations on saying something
stupid yeah for typing you typed
something that was stupid so stupid I
needed to say it so I appreciate that
David Letterman is part of the Marvel
Universe yeah that's it Christine there
you go
spoilers guys oh sorry sorry I didn't
know I didn't know that I thought you
like where's my woman I think about
David Letterman being a part of the
Marvel you know idea is that true
Colbert became president in the Marvel
Universe that's definitely not true
spider-man did not fight powdered toast
man come on
there wasn't running stimpy comic book
okay I don't know if it was Marvel but I
remember there being a run in Stimpy
comment but I think I had like one issue
yep because I was a big fan of running
Stimpy way back when hey didn't Johnny
Depp just have a new movie out oh yeah
Mordecai was a huge flop yeah yeah it
needs to stop he needs just just take a
break shit shave it looks rude animals
ear where you're not playing a goofy
character with a goofy accents and a
goofy monster maybe if he must at all so
in the real life get rid of your
drooping moustache it doesn't work does
he have a mustache it's terrible it's
like I want stash goatee thing
it looks ridiculous and someone he was
in that one he's so great med would he's
kidding he said after this I've never
seen what's he deemed okay great yeah
he's great man is great man I give him
credit
after 21 Jump Street he could have
coasted on the pretty boy thing yeah no
he took cancer yeah weird things
yes he's continued didn't continue to do
weird things for a long time but these
last few years I guess it's Pirates of
the Caribbean he was sort of the start
of it right he must have made so much
money with pirates why isn't still
fucking about I don't know is he getting
ready for retirement I don't know
doesn't he own like an island maybe
needs to pay off his Island but yeah I
don't know sell the island to Milwaukee
you could live like a god here I'm sure
he just sold him if he heard this you
know okay you would never have to work
another day in your life you could hope
he already doesn't have to work another
day like I think he said yeah then why
is he making me shitty moon I don't know
I don't know I saw that Mordechai I saw
the trailer yeah and I was like this
looks like a nothing movie like no one's
gonna be talking about this in two weeks
yeah it's gone forever and it's gone
already and yeah nobody's talking about
it nobody cares it flops fear and
loathing oh very straight fearless nice
one yeah nice nice pumping
he's great in a long thing he's grating
a lot of things dead bam Jim Jarmusch
Murray's getting that mm-hmm but most
importantly Edwin just cuz I love that
movie so much
fuck those by our moods I agree to fuck
those buyers I liked the first one I saw
him the theater like that was fun I had
no interest in scene anymore after that
I enjoyed it mostly because of Johnny
Depp okay
and he was a supporting role yeah but
because everybody that's all anybody
talked about with that movie they made
him more of the focus in sequels
yeah from what I understand and then he
got his own the fourth one is the fourth
one
like is it Jack Sparrow movie okay that
makes sense
no no no that makes sense from a
marketing standpoint you don't get a
business standpoint you don't give Boba
Fett his own movie he's the cool guy cuz
he doesn't have his own movie yeah god
damn it yeah you don't but you don't
give Bubba Fett his own movie unless
it's a dread knock off what we were
talking about we're talking about Boba
Fett in standalone movie and I said they
should make a Boba Fett movie like Dredd
oh okay just like this weird art and
kriti thing dark gritty I mean that's
Boba Fett's a bounty hunter right yeah
sure got a fucking fight his way through
everybody Boba Fett does the raid and
done he's got a jet pack he can make it
to the top of that building my god
someone's still talking about Faygo yeah
yeah yeah yeah they do
yeah Boba Fett is a nothing character
he's it yeah basically he's a cool
visual yes yeah a very he has no
character in those movies
it was never he had fully fleshed out I
I never understood why people were like
oh bone fence great like cuz he looks
cool here's a jetpack in a cool gun yeah
that's it that's all they got and he's
cool because he has two lines you know
why that's cool is because we can kind
of insert our own stories right we just
see that vision like oh he's badass I
you know but he does all these badass
things and we get to fill in all the
gaps which is all the gap yeah and
they're gonna ruin it unless that was
already done in the prequels he's clone
boy now no no we could we can forget
those those don't exist yes I can in my
head the prequels are not I don't think
it's what the prequels circum it it's
not gonna be they've already said like
the extended universes in Canada I think
they're just not going to make any
mention of the people yeah yeah and they
can they can I think that's a smart
thing to do
yeah they can make new movies that just
ignore those without doing anything that
really company yes right so they're just
gonna go that route absolutely
it will unofficially be removed
and that's how it already has been in
the hearts of a lot of Star Wars yes oh
yes oh yes when I talk to my children
about Star Wars I talked to them about
the three Star Wars I will not tell them
there are war because in my head there
are not and one day they might then
they'll get open up and be like what are
these other movies and say Star Wars on
them and I'll say all of those are those
of fanfiction that's the fake one they
read that way okay yes they read like
terrible fanfiction yeah
I mean yes you're right both it was
absolutely ruined by the previous cannon
yeah oh yeah all the coolness of boba
fett was taken away but all the coolness
of everything was taken away by them so
it's kind of like a like a nuclear bomb
let's start over
hope someone gets superpowers
yeah okay great great I've been kind of
coasting on fumes for a while oh fuck no
I'm just sitting here
we're jabbering man it's been a while
since we've had a long jabber episode
we've actually been playing cams nut on
our gaming live stream getting the
balance back
if you had to say one good thing about
the prequels there's no good thing about
3ds on the phone
there's gotta be these ever made notice
gotta be something there's nothing I can
think of others lose awesome no aspect
of it yeah I find any positive thing in
any the images are in focus
Natalie Portman looks good in Episode
two those are terms she's average at
best you know like ya know ya know
trying to find things Rosie Natalie
Portman is an attractive no Jennifer
Connelly I'm trying to think of other
things though there isn't much
there's a fair number of practical
things in Fantomex
practical effects like the the podrace
you know scene yeah the stadium is all
like that was a miniature like the
stadium was a miniature you know what
else use practical effects aliens from
the deep that's true but I'm thinking of
a positive like you look at two and
three and they they look like phony
garbage but episode 1 has a fair amount
of practical elements so that's a that's
a compliment
the Christopher Lee is in them can that
count as a compliment this is a positive
because Christopher Lee's great I'm
trying here what a matter of Christopher
Lee Gordon he would it wouldn't make any
difference in that character if they got
somebody else well it when Christopher
Lee like any movie of Christopher Lee in
it is automatically better than any
movie that doesn't have Christopher Lee
in okay so I'm gonna go with that going
going full nerd the thing I've always
said about Lucas and the prequels and
and all that is the prequels helped
usher in a new wave of digital
technology in filmmaking yeah I mean
there's technical things at least the
revolution that was high frame rate no
no no that's unrelated which Brett led
to a revolution in things like digital
editing digital cameras yes special
effects affordable special effects a lot
of things that we use every single day
and probably take for granted yes Lucas
has always been on the forefront mostly
because he wants to make his green
screen movies cheaper and faster yes he
has been on the forefront of pushing
that technology forward yeah he did a
lot in the early days with like early
versions of Final Cut Heat like creating
the first digital editor so they're good
to come out of the Star Wars prequels is
the furthering of digital technology in
filmmaking which Jay and I use every
single day yeah that's good for you yeah
it is that's a positive without some of
which I would not have as many jobs as I
so know I can appreciate some of the
technical aspects that he brought forth
all right all right
make your shitty movies Lucas do you
make digital cameras cheaper do you make
your shitty movie
be more funny I can't I'm sorry
we're talking about Star Wars there's no
way to be funny anymore it's just
soul-crushing oh that's right and that
what about the duel of fates song that's
a good song I don't like it I don't like
the singing really in a Star Wars theme
it just struck me as weird Wow no I'm
okay with it
I like it I like the design of Darth
Maul he's not a character oh I didn't
even like the design of dodgeball
it looks stupid you just want to hate
everything when it comes to the prequels
which I understand I genuinely hate it
everything okay okay
and listen people we're just trying to
find but like I hate those movies too
I'm just trying to find positives for
people who are saying that people are
people are pooh-poohing my good thing to
have and with the prequels oh really
one yeah sure they would have happened
anyway but they happened because George
Lucas wanted them to happen they talked
about it actually extensively if you
have the collector's edition of the
original trilogy on DVD on the 4th DVD
there is a gigantic documentary about
Lucas from college to present time hmm
it's a great documentary and a lot of
the middle chunk has to do with him just
pushing digital editing technology
forward okay it's a great watch Lucas
had personal involvement in it so sure
he might have happened without him but
he pushed it people come on and do your
fate song is pretty cool
fourth DVD yeah there's a there's a
fourth there's so many different
versions of this movie they might not
know which one you're talking about I'm
sorry it's it's like it like has a Vader
mask on it it's like a DVD box set with
a Vader mask on it it's and it's the
special editions it is of course it's a
special I would just like one more I
just would we can talk about like I the
the special
