Aug 5, 2015
Rocket League
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/12223325
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/12264440
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/12264648
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVj8jfUdHbU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5N3fc9dELU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiYNfDCB_Fg
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/629008720077283328
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/629085508518285312

[Part I]
and now we are now well thanks for
tuning everybody this is a ke POF for
your Eck 720 m evening and we are live
what am i doing we were hoping you knew
oh no I felt like I was doing a euchre
which is which is always something that
happens in Milwaukee oh yeah everyone
does it you confirm for those who don't
know euchre is our famous baseball
announcer who was also the dad on mr.
Belvedere was also the announcer in
major league they go it just makes sense
it just makes sense
hi everybody Josh's here setbacks
everybody that's okay there's a little
technical difficulty you guys are used
to that are you're gonna see a black
screen for a little bit using as brats
or uh musi i once i was listening to a
game and yeah and you crew was doing a
promo for you singers brats it was like
a giveaway like a full box of free using
their brats some with bytes taken out
who cares love that guy no egg national
treasure this is all nothing seen no
this is all not pink okay okay nobody
knows nothing about say anything nobody
knows nothing about nothing I don't know
nothin about nothin'
isn't that right Chad you know nothing
about nothing
I was vampire toe and what is what is
vampire you don't want to know it's it's
very unpleasant but you know the fact
that I'm not dead yeah as far as I can
tell I'm you know I'm moving and stuff
so that's good welcome back to moving
hey thanks an improvement yeah no I just
I was around
doing stuff why is it stuck in here I
don't want this game oh what have you
done I click on a wrong thing and there
we go there we go ok now good exactly
you can see the rocket League
we're playing rocket League alright how
do we set this up so friends can join
what do we do here Jack my match or
private match would probably how you
deal with it ok if anyone is my
PlayStation Network friend
I believe rich is trying to set up a
match so hop on it hold on I'm trying to
tweet and you guys are talking to me
while I'm trying to tweet let's go and
and it's it hurts my brain ped invites
someone at the party before starting a
private match you say I don't want a
player game at all I don't understand
these words create party ok ok what
happens when you create for I don't know
oh I don't know either
alright I guess it just said all hide
away what a wait what am i doing I don't
know what I'm doing oh lordy ah no I
just get out of here it's good just get
out of here and just go to random fine
match alright just do that that'll be
that'll be fine that'll be better
that'll be fine yeah we're playing on
ps4 we're playing on the ps4 rich has
been playing for the past 10 minutes and
loves it
it's neat it's different it makes it if
they finally found a way to make soccer
fun
hey I can't help the way I feel well yes
alright ok I know I'm I'm I'm almost
done tweeting I was I was I was
transfixed by the spinning blue thing
wow that's Geneva blue thing yes
sometimes we do have other games to play
in case we get incredibly sick of this
though this looks amazing so I don't
know how you
goodness no I was saying before when
live that I'm not generally a video game
person so when they see like oh this is
the new big thing I look at it and gone
oh hey everybody's playing this game and
I really get it but this is this is cool
I like the design I like kind of how the
physics work what I'm seeing it looks
just silly enough right like oh yeah it
is a simple premise and good controls
yes here it is you get a rocket you go
oh no
did you just score on yourself I think
somebody else that means they kill me
right to my head oh lordy into the
orange gold alright you can do this for
people they're just tuning in this is
Josh I'm here
josh is here because of general work
schedule Josh was talking to me last
week I was like hey I haven't seen you
in since forever
yeah it's true he's like let's get
together and then we went back and forth
a couple days oh you can't do this day
oh I can't do this day well how about
Wednesday
oh he's cream white oh you know you
should just come to this room I should
just come to the stream now that God can
do that this is how you hang out with
your friends when you're a workaholic
yes easy work and you just made all the
things we do in two shows close it's too
bad there's no show of me sitting on my
couch drinking whiskey and listening to
records but I'm working on it I'm not
working on that can you make a show
right why not have to be amazing he
probably is probably illegal to stream
other people's music uh you have to
license you know you can do it
I'm talking over Wow yep but I don't
want to talk over the records I want to
listen to the records I want to sit
quietly god damn it yes rich is a big
fan of balls camp okay um I think I'm
being oh boy I'm being asked to
acknowledge my beard acknowledge it
acknowledged great there you go
I even play the tutorial was it tutorial
you know rich did you play the tutorial
yeah actually I haven't shaved in like a
month because your beard is not as epic
as a normal it's not but it's also it's
it's very shaggy because it's been hot
and it there you go nice yeah yeah
there's just like the barest amount of
moisture on my face like again I give it
just a little flip oh I'm a ball hog oh
oh boy oh whoa okay work as a team rich
doesn't work as a team you can do it
rich Packard scores well Murdoch 283
asks a very important question
oh yes where's Jay that's a very good
question I don't know I'm not sure or
where I don't know where Jay Z I'm sorry
what I've always been here Oh what are
you playing I car car soccer is that the
name of the game okay and you have a
rocket-powered RC car and you play
soccer with everyone although I think
I'm with Jay and that I think it would
be better if it was I'd listening you
think it was better if it was named you
said that no car soccer I got lost
yeah I've known it's I'm very in favor
of truth and naming things car soccer
yes that's why baby genius smart babies
it's a little upsetting to me that there
are C cars I think they should I think
it would be cool if there were real
sized cars people were in this work so
is death and destruction well I think it
works because there's their light and
they would like to bouncing around or
something that are yeah you know what
you suede blue suede me blue suede my
shoes that's exactly what I said cap
blue suede I'm not really sure what
that's supposed to refer to I don't
it doesn't sound clean yes empathetic
one I do know that pho is perhaps fun
and it's delicious sweet oh god yeah
it's tough it's delicious but you know
it looks like it would be pronounced
faux and I believe I have pronounced it
faux in the past I think we all have for
the first time the first few times
yeah would you call that a foul pop
that's a fucking great job that was a
great joke you can tell it was a good
joke by the dead silent yeah I I enjoyed
it I'm sure many people have made that
joke but but also there so there are
some fantastic places in Milwaukee look
lucky to have those it's been a little
while since I've been I made myself
you mean fun yeah what do you have to do
well it's I mean the thing is I made
sort of like a cheap version of it
because like if you really do it
properly you have to get like beef bones
and boil them to get to tell them out
and the thing oh my god I just made like
broth like beef broth but you mean ramen
noodles didn't you know but I seasoned
it and then I added you know right and
did this and so okay I in my you know
sort of weird cooking more it's just
like I have these things see if I can
make this you know allowed to be proud
of that what everybody has made fun yeah
most people don't cook at all so I think
that's true you know it's a special
treat
I like cooking I do damnit damnit
I scored twice which really you know
what counts is once if you consider the
one I accidentally not did can I say how
weird it is that you just happen to be
playing against someone with the name oh
my face
Oh are these these are not like people
from the stream or no no these are not
people from the stream these are just
random people and I want to say that's a
rich Evans line oh my face
how am i grain is more famous shit oh my
face isn't space cop though yeah yeah oh
but they're okay this ruse is explaining
how much you have to do for real thought
you have to turn scraps into kind of a
jelly soup and it's hard to make small
portions oh sure it's like it's one of
those things rock you make it you make a
ton of it and it doesn't really it's
kind of hard to I've refrigerated it and
it did seven oh yeah I was gonna say
it's probably like like grease like
leftover cooking grease oh it gets like
gelatinous and gross means it's easy to
take to go yes need to scoop it out
alright it's just solid eat it with a
spoon I mean I do that with bacon grease
mmm spoon Falls to make the woods
that was a good shot - I gotta say fuck
you bleach weeds
oh that's it I mean Animists Prime
that's a great question for Josh Josh
are you angry that both Jay and rich
stole your identity as bearded rlm guy
haha
these are port Boston Rob I had the
perfect angle and the guy's fucked up my
shots all I know is it as if all I know
is beard God could be stolen have you
not seen Josh's fall beard by of I J and
her riches power combined they could not
touch them this is a month right right
there's beards and then there's Josh's
beard so settle down Internet she's
trying to break up our little friend
group here give us against each other
always that's all they ever were winner
takes beard I think that were the best
of the worst beard match we all pick a
movie lover
oh yeah know where winner keeps his
beard but nobody would vote for like
everyone will further our moves well
that's why we have a fourth person this
is spoiler oh okay someone on bearded
winner Pig be it well what we need it we
would need to other people right and
then the two other people would watch
the movies oh so we wouldn't even come
on okay okay though that's doable we
could probably you know a couple of the
people in there somehow this is the
thing this is what having a beard
centric movies as well what would be
considered like a beard movie is there a
documentary about people who had
those beard competitions yeah I'm sure
there is the first thing I'm thinking of
is somebody's gotta be Canadian really
any movie where someone has any when
somebody grows a beard during the movie
or has a beard on the cover that's all
I'm saying okay it has to be like a real
beard like whoa not just like a like a
pansy tripping all over ourselves or
let's chuck norris yeah yes so op what
oh all right you got a whole new twist
see I really like the legends of the
fall is that a beard movie I don't know
sure okay I think the the the only
criteria for a beard movie is the person
on the cover of the movie has a beard
okay an enemy you know even if it's even
if it's a VanDyke another beer that's
not a beard its facial you want to be
everything it phobia it has it has to be
a Philippine okay yeah no it's got to be
a beard okay how do you very specific
rules here you're right sorry so this is
happening I don't we'll shoot it tonight
beard of the worst a beard of the worse
and it'll be out tomorrow it'll be out
tomorrow does that mean say it doesn't
take any time at all no you kidding me
oh there's a truck it's other were
different cars I didn't seem like they
the truck that's an interesting know
what kind of advantage that gives you
chicks in the back hey you can like haul
pretty great I like mulch all around
some mulch great just don't don't
combine the two unless you're you know
you're trying to get freaky
I like you to smell like a fresh garden
ball boy boy boy I'm sorry what's
alright no I'm good okay uh I see it
just gesture bell Jeremiah Johnson used
to be her movie and I've never seen
Jeremiah Johnson I've seen the cover of
Jeremiah Johnson said a movie yeah sorry
frother Redford know what thanks God
he's got the hugest fucking beard okay
thanks God he's got an epic beard a very
famous movie speed a revered hundred has
anyone seen all is lost no sound Netflix
now it's really great yeah yeah it's
well worth it not the only act like the
only actor pretty much the whole movie
oh that one yeah it's his he's out to
seas on a boat you don't know why at the
beginning and his boats hits this like
barge thing let's just down the middle
the ocean and so his boat is like
sinking so the whole movie is just him
trying to survive insane nobody gonna
show it again and as it goes along you
kind of learned like why he's out there
it's really great cool yes damn it
rich loves rocket I do love back at me
right now it is free for any ps+ member
let's be on the reason I got into this
pre I probably wouldn't have paid for it
yeah no I know
okay so all is lost
yeah okay yeah I remember yeah I
remember when that came out but I just I
think it was one of those things I
missed yeah that's just kind of with me
too or is like cuz I knew that it was
like almost no dialogue and very minimal
is like that's my kind of thing yeah
yeah it's on Netflix it's well worth
watching excellent I oh I watched the
documentary on the Wrecking Crew which
is the group of students from Los
Angeles and 60 of the played online
oh yeah boys yeah records that my fiends
and all that um it was okay
I wasn't documentary what you like
filmmaking wise it wasn't
thing spectacular it was just kind of
cool to hear some of the stories but
yeah but I went in probably doing a lot
more the lot of people would oh yeah
that could be bad for documentary yeah
that's like me with the George Romero
yeah what does it call Oh documentary of
the Dead yes that has me confused with
doc of the Dead right oh really there's
another one it's a newer one yeah it's
it's just a documentary about George
Romero yeah but I like I knew pretty
much everything in it so I mean it's
well made III there was some stuff I
didn't know about that's and I thought I
thought it was just overall yeah I was a
good movie but yeah I can totally see
like now I mean yeah it was well done
yeah they're people not as familiar I
guess I would recommend it yes it is
called doc you documented the Dadar
document of the death no document under
that is the one that was made about Dawn
of the Dead
okay so it's a documentary the right
bronchus one it is document that's
document of the Dead yeah that's right
you mean yeah so it's the other one it's
the other one it's on Netflix not
document of the Dead or dock of the Dead
I think it's documentary of the Dead now
not only do we have too many zombie
movies but we have too many
documentaries oh you fucker are these
you know fucker fuck my own goddamn
teammate oh come on hey rich makes a
good point yeah guys for playing the
game even a little bit I just like it in
the middle of random conversations yeah
no it's fine
I'm dealing with it by bringing it up
and you do you rich
Oh their birth of the Living Dead birth
of the Living Dead that's okay at least
it is a different enough title where it
won't get confusing with the other ones
yeah although I got a computer so I
guess it doesn't matter there you go
jump rich jumping one thing of the time
we hear you Oh bother
rich is gonna learn how to jump it's
gonna be great talk about that oh did
you guys see the Deadpool trailer no I
haven't seen the full one I've seen a
bunch of teasers and some test footage
yeah I saw the full one I don't know
anything about Deadpool like to me that
it looks like cuz I know people are like
oh it's violence and they're sweary and
alright it's like just a running me of
kick ass so it's like I already saw this
his tone I don't know anything about the
Deadpool character so I don't know -
mock other superheroes now he breaks the
fourth wall okay violence which you know
most comic books are from the time to
come and code so they weren't allowed to
be too violent
yeah it's this kind of gleeful violence
yeah okay like that's kind of like kick
ass - oh yeah if he breaks the fourth
wall in the movie and comments on the
gym that's his trademark yes that's okay
the whole Deadpool whole bid is breaking
the fourth wall okay they don't hinted
that in the trailer but if they do that
then that's interesting there's probably
not a good way to do that in the trailer
that's what they've got to do that oh
yeah I can only hope that he out like
calls people by their actual actor's
name that would be great yeah be better
yeah I am speaking of Marvel it related
things although done a movie thing I
just started reading the Hawkeye run
done by Matt Fraction not in that
fraction and it's it's basically it's
it's the stuff that happens when he's
not with the Avengers
and it's wonderful I know it's a someone
someone I recommended I read that as
well yeah here's the thing that bothered
me about it and I know it was supposed
to be a joke but why does everyone call
him bro why does everyone oh well all
the time it's it's the Russians yes and
it's just annoying
I get it that it's supposed to be
annoying but it works okay that's you
know I'm through the first paper back so
far side and gotten super far into it
but no I thought that was just the
things that they picked up a you know an
English ISM exactly and then they all
use it and that's is this a recent comic
or this is yeah this is pretty reason
this is yeah I like a man I just I
really like meta French ins style I mean
sex criminals is amazing okay that one's
really good sex criminal sex criminals
it's about um sex sex criminals well not
exactly I mean in a nutshell and there's
a lot more to it but in a nutshell it's
about these two people that discover
they both have the power of stopping
time when they have orgasms that's great
right that's a really great premise yeah
oh it's great yeah and there's old
there's it there's a bunch more to it
and there's this learn the other thing
but I have read the first two Jake
paperback to that and it's great and
it's fun and it's like sex positive and
not exploitative which is funny mmm like
you would expect that to be like yeah
and it's really not get it from you look
the library library still exists
yeah library exists all the fuckin thing
I was the first William Goldman book
sitting if they live at the library
waiting for me to pick it up and then
read those countries in the spring trade
yeah you know I mean well I mean I'd
yeah read them it's just him I guess
it's just him talking about
right movies oh he's good storyteller I
have official list they have too many
spreadsheets
a spreadsheet problem I haven't
spreadsheet addiction mindless sir in my
brain which is why I never remember
anything this is what I gotta write him
up out people say have you seen this or
if you read this and they say it's on my
lists and then I forget about it after I
say that that's what I used to do and
then I actually started making lists
yeah yeah and scoring points those
fucking gives you shit
who gives a fuck why don't you try some
of these different bad I don't like
we're playing on the ps4 ps4 no rollin
chance mixture calm oh that's a
reference yeah that's a reference to a
different video game a game is that
great before all of movie be call over
there has to be a poor version of
quality yeah yeah or it could just be
called call of duty how is the games we
own spreadsheet coming along and not at
all someone had a very good idea which
is rich and I need to make spreadsheet
of all the games we own so no one will
gift us I've been working on other
spreadsheets you know the only list I
keep is of movies I've watched like
every time I watch a movie I add it to
my list okay and I did I separate it by
year so I think I started in 2013 a year
of release or year I saw the movie oh
it's only 2013 I watched this then I
watch this and I just do that for the
whole year that's I know they have like
letterboxed is a website that's
basically it does that but fuck that
write it down I just haven't yeah I just
have a text document oh my god
I don't need to share what I've watched
with other people I don't care I just
like to go back through it and remember
like what I saw you don't want to
integrate social networks into your list
making right no I don't nobody needs
that no I did start using discogs for my
records but that was mainly just to fly
shop on there mostly because it's like
I'm looking for a particular stuff but
also kind of keep track of like do I
have the first pressing in this or that
which is not super important to me but
in terms of value Wow sure it's like
well I should know that it's this cons
it's it's in kind of thing but for
records oh it's just you know you can
add all the records you have and it's
it's nice it's not your a record and
that's fine no but it's not the kind of
thing that I needed like I I think I've
only rebar
thats a problem is Reba like a lot
apparently that happens to a lot of
people is just like they forget they
have something really I mean I got
overexcited and they spent an extra five
dollars on another copy of this Roland
Kirk record that I forgot that I got
from the radio station when I was sure
no fairly it happens people a lot more
than does to me yeah I guess if you have
a lot of stuff I can see it happening
that's true I never can find a
screwdriver what I mean once I just go
and buy another fucking screwdriver and
then when you're not looking for one you
find like eight of them 20 I have a
collection of 20 screwdrivers oh they're
all the exact same screwdriver
apparently I really like one brand
should you should offer that up as a
testimonial from your website I keep
forgetting there's screwdrivers are so
good I keep forgetting that I have
that'll be the next like extreme gift
giveaway is my excess screwdrivers
sure last time we gave my second DVDs I
got so many DVDs I want to get rid of
okay stuff I've either upgraded to
blu-ray or like presents that I don't
useful oh yeah we'll get out we'll get a
giveaway some of them are actually good
give me some good ones you can have a
random DVD simply reason actually on the
copy how did I give you my upgraded rock
and roll high school because my DVD
version was four by three letterbox
probably got the same features but it'll
put the laser disc of that one oh yeah I
think it's probably I was buying a
number of weird parallel universe movie
where Clint Howard is the coolest guy I
love it
have you heard aeroplanes Josh what I
don't know the questions are so weird I
have to save them okay I don't know it's
like it might be a reference to
something you don't understand yeah is
that a record is that a movie other are
you talking about the Nutri Motel album
in the airplane over the whatchamacallit
exactly what the Red Hot Chili Peppers
that's what that's a hole in my mind are
you talking about the Zucker Brothers
movies I've heard that oh I've heard it
and watched it at the same time that's I
try but it's hard if you're afraid to
listen to the commentary track for that
movie forever even though they get bored
and don't have anything to talk about
after like the first 30 minutes
oh so the rest of the thing is to stop
talking about how they have nothing to
talk about
Oh nein I I just wrap that we just put
up a commentary for Kentucky Fried movie
oh yeah oh I have that okay that's not
the DVD okay the other bit is more
interesting because there's John Wayne
as he can talk yeah that's the only
movie I think he's ever done a
commentary for it
because not one for American Werewolf
there's not one for Animal House it
might be the only one he's done the
commentary part you do the one for the
one who is a gorilla
oh la ocular I don't know Locke actually
I get shocked on BHS I don't think I've
watched it since the VHS since I schools
okay
Oh Jefferson Airplane fucking love
Jefferson Airplane no no no no no it's a
fantasy fella
Grace Slick oh look at grease caps caps
right on the back Oh straight on nice
maybe they didn't even know what hit him
they were ready have you uh have you
heard Josh the new Chemical Brothers
album I didn't even know there was a new
chemical others hope there's a new
chemical oh you don't need to worry
about it okay I don't even know they
said we're still our own they're usually
doing have you heard the new single oh
no the go-go Chemical Brothers go it's
fucking amazing yeah like amazing
Chemical Brothers amazing and the first
song on the record
equally as like okay these guys work
then the rest of the album is
masturbation like you like trying to
masturbation
the new Ratatat album that's kind of
like that too yeah or take the singles
fantastic it's just like this is great
this is so good and the rest of it was
just like oh you guys just made the same
album for the fifth time but the one
song totally you know it's a jam
sure sure so
it's always a shame but that's you know
a very good thing about the age of
digital music yeah this bicycle oneself
all for the hits plus filler that's
right on the game MVP which I know some
artists are opposed to that because they
view the album is like an experience
right where you're supposed to listen to
the whole yes but generally speaking
artists that care about that don't write
filler songs they write good albums yeah
you try you try the scarlet texts I love
The Velvet Underground very much I have
spent a lot of money on them because
they keep reissuing stuff and it's just
like oh we found this to other team like
okay that's like it's the four track the
original four track to the matrix in
1960 Mellon cut damn it but I do yeah I
do I do very much how you got mean I
still have to get all that stuff so yeah
well no beast well whatever you're doing
it's great it's great for my gamers
going yeah dude you're getting a lot of
like pretty far up shots and that was
really defendant it's awesome you're
online right now I am rich this is
Rich's first online multiplayer game in
25 years
Oh since before the internet since
before the end no I have not spent as
much money as Lou Reed spent on heroin
no no one could spend that much but
after a while a certain point yeah well
yeah I mean there's kind of an either
end thing I think where you had to spend
money on it yeah you gotta spend money
on heroin don't sing everyone knows that
I can only assume that's for you Josh
the rail what next sir when they say
something directly to us what's your
favorite bands I'd say at least to me Oh
God what are you listening to right now
what's your thing right the stuff that
I've been into right now I they reissued
my favorite Sonic Youth album on vinyl
okay evolve evo l there's a really nice
pressing of it that just came out last
week there's a cool band called little
big league they're almost called
tropical jinx and that's a cool kind of
like pop in the Popish record but it's
still kind of louder female like
aggressive bitch vocals dig it big
league of course a reference to the
famous movie yes naturally wait what was
that movie is a little big league the
one where he can pitch really faster
where he becomes the manager I always
get those two confused because there's
one where he breaks his arm when he can
pitch real fast yes and then there's one
where he becomes the baseball manager
what's the name of the other movie
I think the one where he becomes the
managers little big leaf okay don't know
what's the one that's more you can pitch
really fast their dress Rob right okay
and then he's really good at killing
himself
no jonathan brandis oh did he kill
himself yeah even okay oh thank you
aren't breaking any not gonna kill
myself but good thing at me I'm working
like a rookie Oh Thank You Chad alright
but your movies come out I'm like the
same day I feel like those thing
coexists they shot at me same time with
kids we need to have a baseball movie
with Kate it's gonna be baby one one
person shot their scene and then they'd
all have to feel them and the other
players came around they shot the exact
same saying it sounds good on me
filmmaking and the other stuff we've
been into has been like stuff I picked
up at the PRF barbecues or so it's a
bunch of bands that I know it feels kind
of like I don't want to like you know
just suck my friends fans dicks here we
are but if I got a dick and a face but
is so good like this has been called the
powder room from Athens Georgia they're
fantastic there's a band called hungry
man from Chicago they're super good but
the one that's really probably gotten
the most listens out of that there's
this another fantastic band from from
half of GA 12 motherfucker and it's just
it's just straight ahead like loud
powerful rock and roll and they're so
fucking good they're just like they're
amazing and I think that's that's an apt
of genre for a band named mother example
sure yeah it's just like it's like do
you like rock and roll
motherfuckin you should listen to
motherfucker wait is it motherfucker or
motherfucker motherfucker motherfucker
okay this is it and one word or two one
word okay straight ahead rock band
they're not gonna be called motherfucker
No and he called motherfuckers whose
motherfucker yeah I think there is out
motherfucker
no that's like that's like that's like
oh fuck
like silly motherfucker like all right
you know what all right oh and there are
their album is called
confetti which is actually a certain
title apparently the the original full
title was confetti confetti in your
fucking face all right but they thought
that was too vulgar for a band called
motherfucker
all right you know it's just simplifying
possibly many fuckers yeah yeah you
never have too many fuckers fuckers but
I will I will definitely drop that one
more time
motherfuckers the band name confetti is
the album they're on sickroom records
out of Chicago and I recommend them
highly very much that's apparently
lessons of life fun just listens to DMX
oh there that's a lot of fuckers X is
gonna give it to you yeah gonna give it
to you didn't he just filed for
bankruptcy
no that was pity that was fitter that's
right Finny
bankrupt poor fitty yes I'm powerful
raindrop I understand that motherfucker
difficult to Google that's why I was
giving out the album title and the label
trying yeah just Google motherfucker and
see what you get like no I think
everyone should just google motherfucker
just to make that into Google like so
sure make sure that sticks you know what
go ahead and click on image search you
got a you got a couple of goals on there
right you're in line by the bus Dean
cows and shit you can customize your
ride I like pretty got one yeah like you
like yeah we're gonna download this when
you get on it probably well yes oh nice
definitely see this seems like
everybody's it's fun it's fun to observe
say that great yeah so far I I'm halfway
through it and it's fantastic that's
great I'm sure it's only gonna get
better
is it on how on par is it with the movie
pretty on par yeah um so far it's more
ridiculous because everybody's it's
supposed to be what the beginning it's
the first day of camp but the movies
made fifteen years later so they're all
15 years older and they were too old to
play teenagers in the original movie
there's just the right amount of jokes
in the series that mention that no good
look where they don't overdo it it's
just occasionally it comes up nice and I
got it I accept all right all right
looks all right doesn't age no rich
gonna leave it to ya ain't no thing
we're gonna give it to you
look at the rainbow now blow up this so
festive I I have not gotten around to
wet hot American summer head that's a
show you know the mission of course I
know that we're gonna I love the movie
but because the day before what had
Americans ever came out I started
watching since 8:00 and I have since
become obsessed with finishing it and I
finished it last night see that would
completely even if I was I even watch
that show but even if I was into it it
would take a backseat to wet out
American summer that was like my top
priority of the day came out yeah and I
had work to do that day so I made a
point of waking up early I won't have it
like 5:00 a.m. and I just watched a
bunch of them I didn't get through all
of them but I got through most of them I
get very little inappropriate TV time oh
yes my house is filled with children now
oh sure
and so I only get an honor or so of
inappropriate TV time of day and it has
to be you know well budgeted yeah and I
will I will note that so far a lot of
inappropriateness yeah I think I would
have longer than the movie it's lots of
small children which is great
the one kid the bully kid they're right
here kid he's hilarious like his drapery
I think his character's name is drew
something like that yeah but yeah he
just says things so blunt and they like
the way he says it is hilarious
wheat follows like when they're there in
the cabin and they're playing ball which
consists of just throwing a ball in the
cabin and then they insult the one kid
the sensitive kid and then he runs away
then coop comes in he's like you
shouldn't do that he's like I like to
eat things like that it's like just it's
just so like simple yeah very enjoyed um
I'm looking forward I'm still looking
forward to it and now that sensei is
done it's only like 12 okay 13 they
should have been eight is that
yeah is it half-hour time you watched it
right this is one festive Jack this is a
value investor that should tell you how
good it is because time does not matter
when you watch okay so you have like an
hour huh you're like an hour of
inappropriate time yeah how many did you
watch it a time I don't know like two or
three in an hour this doesn't make any
can really watch it did you watch this
the first episode and then the rest of
it just got on your head like that maybe
maybe and if anyone is a Doctor Who fan
you should watch it because you get to
see Martha naked oh really you know
Martha I want to see that that depends
on when when she was young she with a
hottie oh yeah oh I know that's what she
looks like she looks that good now even
though she's like 80 she most recently
made a cameo in the end of Sandler film
pixels Oh
remember that thank you our episode okay
okay thank you Father for looking that
up for me
appreciate it I bother I'm not I never
do go back to what how Americans summer
I love oh yeah Lizabeth banks his
backstory yes I was very surprised at it
and very much enjoyed it you get some
nice nice
Paul Scheer action in there yeah good
way too good way to work in some some
some new faces that's the best thing
about the show is like the new regulars
like Jason Schwartzman what's-her-face
late bail like all the new people they
fit in like perfectly it's great yeah
they really do no one feels out of place
they're never ready for no no no you
know you're doing you're teaching them
lessons you you think they need it after
a while and well hopefully this is the
first thing people learn is Oh watch out
right away yeah
oh uh 13th libras what is playing with
you and is in the sea whose team is he
on I think Gordon he's a good guy okay
guys you're playing he's with you good
that's awesome um yeah they've always
seen the Kristen Wiig and one scene so
far because I'm only halfway through
yeah she's done it in a whole lot of
what that scene misil
she's young fantastic Josh Charles great
now yeah he's he's really good oh man
yes yeah they so they did a really good
job of just integrating like blow you
know blowing the story up yeah spreading
it out so it's it's and because it's on
Netflix it's just there for you brother
I know it's great yeah it's not quite as
dense with jokes as the movie but I
think it's because it's four hours of
materials oh the two things the Scarlett
sex put out at David Haig juice his
backstory is oh yeah that was also he's
barely an eddy but he's in a cold open
yes not only is it funny but it's a
really well executed scene it was
sequence yeah so yeah Gary Kenny's in
that scene too yeah she is
she was in a more great the funny thing
is the somebody was asking a Craig
legend who did the score oh I saw that I
stymied everybody's cake like yeah
tweeting about Carrie Kenny's band cake
like okay now's the time cake like Randy
it gets to the free members of cake like
are in without American summer yeah
what's cake like it's very Vinnie's band
who's Carrie Kimmy here's on the state
from the states and and she's in
Americans
he's no 9-1-1 she's well she's the tall
one yep are you the blonde one no she's
at all okay she's the girl from the
state yeah she's the one girl you don't
you didn't really watch nice header 1300
yeah and then the nurse in wet hot
American summer is Nina helmet and she's
also in oh yeah take like really good
bed they were on yeah thank them they
were hunting up eventually on Neil
Young's label
oddly enough what kind of music do rock
yeah it's kind of a catch-all straight
up it pretty straight up straight I need
rock a little noisy chair earlier on
they were very noisy their first album
is actually on John Zorn yeah but that
one's like full of really short songs
with kind of like childish vocals and
noisy guitars alright you're sort of
melding and then as they went on they
started writing more traditional songs
kind of stuff really good really good
it's trying to become maybe the man now
sure come axion I think back on the
Highlander movie positively only because
of sword fighting 's and I haven't seen
it in maybe twenty years
I love the premise but I've tried
watching the movie a few times
yeah and it's always like the opening
credits start and it's like boxing and
queen and I'm like yes and you're like
yes give me more I don't know there's
some movie I've never been able to get
into I think the concepts really cool I
just think the movie is so like corny in
a bad way yeah the only the only thing I
know about Highlander is that they used
to show law commercials for the
Highlander TV show during Mystery
Science Theater because I it was always
the one they would show right before
they come back to the show so I'd see
what's-his-face of like lightning in
this in his mouth okay play no regularly
watch I've never seen it I've seen the
fourth eyeliner movie though which is
where Christopher Lambert
teams up with the guy from the TV
I saw that once I don't remember
anything about it I saw the third movie
too the third Highlander with Mario Van
Peebles as the bad guy
oh and he's like horribly over the top
so tomorrow yeah yeah remember anything
about that either I never saw a
Highlander - that's the famously
terrible one right that's the one where
they decide to take like pretty much all
of the Lord they made up in Highlander
one just throwing garbage
well there's multiple edits of its
aliens was that an Connery came back for
no reason yes there was a radioactive
shield around the earth to keep the
ozone layer going you got it all great
it was great boys I think you mean we
have a version of eyeliner - I don't
know which one we have it's like Blade
Runner where there's multiple edits oh
where it's every time they try and recut
it to make it make more sense it just
doesn't work
yeah I think we have all the Highliner
sequels but we don't have the first one
no somehow we ended up with all the
Seekers here yeah in case I ever get
real excited about watching the
hellenistic Will's yeah go sounds like a
Sunday project that's something you do
on a Sunday I'll just watch the
Highlander movies watch other sequels go
for a walk in the park
drink slowly and think about life
what have you got we're doing nothing or
that still might be better take your nap
then walk down the aisle like a series
of naps biggest I think that's just
called sleeping that's called a coma
no okay nice somersault yeah good
that's what everybody's confusing
everybody
just like Highlander - oh that we're
circles
it does it does actually remind me of
yeah the other thing about motherfucker
they have a they have an eat babe in
command yes yes their previously before
the the album had an EP called Taekwondo
and the last song is entirely the lyrics
are entirely dialogue from Miami
connection oh great like the beard like
the weirdest thing so like the there's
about two minutes where it's just use
repeating the same line over and over
again which is from a computer class
that the girl the girl Miami commander
oh this is such a good circle
wait Miami connection yeah Miami
connection what part of the movies like
when she's at college they're all in
college yeah nobody's glass and then the
tall guy comes oh yeah oh yeah I can
face the matter
that's right that's the first the
beginning yeah yeah the teacher says to
somebody this is such a good circle is
it like them singing these words or
examines them singing words okay and
it's just the lyrics are just made up
it's just like you know I'm not so it's
really it was just like oh I need to
re-watch Miami connection yeah I've only
seen it once
hey hey 13 that was a nice assist there
yes come come here boys and nice yeah
all right let's take em over here and
thank some subscribers spooky Dookie
which is one of the kids one of my
favorite names thank you let's see here
riot crew yeah
leftover beefcake who made this
wonderful chat subscriber application
thank you again
humberto Cabbage Patch
Justin Holman sonic poon smelter wedge
in all of us doctor
Talos Lucky Strikes
Genghis Borgnine um
kool-aid man look at that box yes great
salad baked crocodile brain hometown
markup Oh Mary Mix oz Mike gay for J and
Walt Tizen beard thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it I got through
this know one of you just now you're
supposed to say it's true we really do
oh it's and and once again gay for J J's
out of the room when I thanked your
subscriber name I know you only recent
crime so I would say that in front of
day and you are foiled again good J has
left the room it's true he's gone he's
not in the room he didn't hear it shut
out oh yeah do I do the different
chassés handle different with different
bodies bigger ones are easier to block
sure or hit with well that makes sense
hmmm how I switched up if I have to exit
the main menu and then might add some
options you know go to like change your
car
oh hey J welcome back yeah oh and he's
gone again he's back and I read my
letter I am not being I'm not being a
troll that subscriber is being a troll
and I am yeah i acting appropriately
I am trolling a troll which is very
appropriate oh I missed the trolling
neutral you missed the trolling of a
troll oh oh oh my god I'm um I'm like a
turtle help me Oh Oh help me where's the
ball at oh damn it
you gotta jump well if I jumped I
would've hit it in I had to get in front
of it you were in front of you no I
wasn't in front of it I was under it and
a little bit behind it alright I know
John kilo he's a normal chatter it's
just what freaky fanfiction freaky
friend friction fiction freaky friend
fiction yeah it's above the burgers
thing okay that's erotic friend fiction
nope
it's freaky it's getting weird I mean
that's what friction are fiction fiction
fiction okay how's that erotic friction
freaky friend friction is aroused yeah
sick of writing erotic like zombie
fiction so she just said she's gonna
write erotic fiction about broom oh wait
you're actually talking about the show
yes oh I thought you were making a joke
about whether in fact friction oh I've
seen like one episode of Bob's Burgers
oh it was funny notice haven't launched
anymore
Oh bad bitch
bad bad it's fine should have been sped
man it's alright it's alright a flying
bison ponies was that that was for the
there was the Fantastic Four episode
right that was for super toaster but
that's the same of Soviet Fantastic Four
yeah supposed to know is it ever coming
out it's supposed to come out this I
think it was supposed to come out last
year no I think it's supposed to come
out this year sometime some other
articles popping up yeah well there's a
now there's a renewed interest because
of the new movie which is also supposed
to be a train wreck
yeah when when the entire cast comes out
publicly saying we haven't even seen it
oh yeah what's out in like two days
oh they're not screening it for critics
and even the cast has said like they're
not showing it to us yeah we can't help
you out there's rumors that they reshot
like half the movie just a couple months
ago the director is supposedly like a
horrible asshole
Josh tanker tranq he directed chronicle
Oh boobie I like that movie what oh damn
it
thirteen you knocked me you knocked me
out of my gourd there but he was real I
was the director no wine one of the solo
Star Wars movies that are the rival be
fired and he he's supposedly left over I
don't know if it was scheduling her
creative differences there someone cool
that but basically yeah because he was
such a monster on Fantastic Four that's
the theory is though you wanted anything
to do with them don't be a dick and be a
dick in look you're in a position where
you're making big movies don't be a dick
about it
seriously you should be grateful you
made a little phone footage movie that
turned out to be pretty good yeah you
should be grateful that someone wants to
hire you to make Fantastic Four you know
maybe maybe follow the Sam Raimi levy
put a fucking suit on yes and I'm not
going that far you don't need to go to
see that just how about this
you'd be nice to people right yeah don't
trash your hotel room
don't just say think about the Sam
Raimi's thing I don't want to take that
away from say ladies it's because it was
all for kids Croxton yeah
oh okay that's why he doesn't oh so I
think that's dope then that's Alfie's
thing and you leave that alone don't Sam
Raimi just a cup suit I'm telling Sam
he's got from telling nothing your
father mirle sam raimi he needs to take
off the suit whoever was the first
person to wear a suit while directing
movie is the only person he wasn't so
much directing as told them what the
point the camera and he was the director
that's what was directed at that that's
directing so after Thomas Edison no this
is why movie sucks so much now yeah lack
of suits your Thomas is everybody
ripping off Thomas Edison oh well that's
true kiss Thomas hasn't sucked
according to Tiberius Kirk rumour has
that he liked had ridiculous
requirements for filming fantastic for
renting a house in Louisiana trash trash
yeah dogs oh yeah that's that's a
terrible way that that kind of makes him
a dickhead if it's true it's alleged but
allegedly a dickhead I don't know what
kind of actually got the grinds Tiberius
Kirk yep why you spreading false rumors
but inside here's oh hey there's Colin
Colin is saying apparently he smoked a
lot of weed on set - well you know I
shouldn't do that when you're working
maybe but hey it works for Kevin Smith
doesn't it I don't know have you seen
his recent move nope
well there you go although I like tusk
I've admitted to like he does
I've even know like if someone were to
say that was the worst movie I've ever
seen I would say okay I can see that
understand I would understand completely
but I thought it interesting because
I've never seen an Ellen Smith people
it's because you've never seen

[Part II]
because it supports moob the worst movie
ever is not it can't be that interesting
it can't be as interesting as things
yeah exactly that's why the worst movie
ever is an Alan Smithee film burn
Hollywood burn I'll stand by that I find
that no matter what
this is just the right amount of
ridiculous as an in unison so close oh
I'm sorry you're right miss Lee with
some no no Jack got credit for it okay I
guess the bounce oh yeah then there's
the assists there oh no it didn't even
know well good job the item it's almost
too ambitious okay it's trained for
something they lose is worse than the
item ooh
I would rather rewatch the items and
things I really I would well then again
I like things as I say I would rather
watch I think I'm oh yeah the items down
there yeah it was pretty for seconds we
can make a comeback oh my god you can do
it you can do it just keeps oh you got
this they don't they don't got nothing
on new year the way all the way over
legs you gotta let that middle person go
hmm the tomb was closer
oh the tube made me feel bad I didn't
see the tomb that was that was one that
you know on the two made me feel bad
yeah see not only did I not see the tomb
but the way the episode was edited I
didn't really understand why it was so
bad
Oh like I think it's one of those ones
or if you're not watching it you don't
you you have to have that experience if
you don't want to take the time to watch
it that's what I gathered from the
episode yeah Cowan has worked with the
director and star of the item yes what
I've talked about that I'm so sorry
Colin oh I'm so sorry
oh my god you poor poor me yeah I talked
about him once he really is full of
himself
yeah yeah
yeah you could go so our our assumptions
were correct oh it's so blatant when you
watch that I got steamrolled Wow
things like things in the enema right
there for me things is so much more
interesting though to try and figure out
with the item you know exactly what that
guy like where he's coming from
nothing about things makes any sense
forever like what who would make this
that's true nothing about things make
sense yeah which is why it's better
that's that's a hundred times more
fascinating to me than yes but it's just
so incompetent yeah yeah it's amazing
that exists like I get how the item
exists I get how the tomb exists sure
things is alien things is a hundred
monkeys at a hundred tank right yes ooh
Exim is Exim the wall accent was really
bad Exim is one yeah we've never done
that on the show or anything but with
accent is that you can't understand the
dialogue in 95 percent of the movie yeah
it's so badly reported it's just a
muffle muffle muffle muffle muffle oh
shit and then somebody gets chopped with
an axe I remember because yeah it was
the year that I couldn't do DFS so I
tried to be fast at home we had the
projector and everything was the Eisen
and everybody was coming over and then
when action came on everybody left leg
either left the room or left and that's
people that are there to watch back I of
I saw you I that up yeah oh boy oh boy
nobody actually gets axed in Axum um is
that true no I don't did someone die by
axe I believe so I don't know I don't
remember much about that movie I
remember there's one part when they do
the close-up with a guy with the glasses
yeah and the glasses go like blue hmm I
remember that I'm gonna say it's a
problem-free movie if you have them do
we call backs I mean we cannot remember
if anyone died by axe yeah well this has
been a few years now still and I've
tried to block that movie from my
brother you know the answer should be
yes of course should be yeah like not
even a question right like all the crazy
axe doesn't happen that's true like it
was like no thank you here's the thing
I've never seen the movie machete oh he
does use a machete I can only assume he
uses a machete and I would assume that
in the sequel machete kills he killed
somebody
or he kills somebody with just himself
because he isn't a yes he's awesome
that's true his name is machete both
things I would assume both fit yep mr.
glitch says oh I'm sorry mr. collection
movement ignoring you we need to see
melanda freaks what freaks title sounds
familiar it sounds like I maybe have
seen like oh no I'm thinking of blood no
there's a movie called blood no oh god
I've been visualizing the cover from the
video star that about which at least one
gnome there may be multiple gnomes blood
sucking freaks the Troma movie I've seen
some of blood sucking freaks I've not
seen the whole movie I saw enough to
know that it wasn't for me right that's
a good question one freaks Bert versus
blood sucking freaks these are the
things we need to know it's tough
Pro Jesus anti-drug killer turkey
monster movie that does sound familiar
but I don't like freaks that's blood
freaks
I know yes I've read a little bit about
that but I've not seen that killer
turkey monster yeah this sounds familiar
yeah but no haven't seen it well there's
also ThanksKilling which is about a
killer turkey rights like the worst
thing ever that might be the worst movie
just back from Vietnam Hershel Steve
Hawks is at loose ends until one day he
stops to help beautiful Bible quoting
angel fix her car she takes him home
where hers it must be scapegoat
scapegrace sister and immediately Pyles
was what Pleasant thank you plies him
with drugs in order to seduce him
instantly addicted he needs money for
his habit and takes a job at a turkey
farm where he's instructed to eat some
experimental lab grown turkey he does
and undergoes a hideous transformation
that that sounds great like that's
promising
thank you just this guy you know for for
copy pasting that synopsis for us no
that sounds does that car have a fez on
it on its car head look at the car too
britches well he's over there I think it
does there's a car with a fez on oh okay
it's very exciting
is it the Steely Dan car it's that one
that just flew by see for two seconds I
want to know how to put a fez on the car
go ahead oh yeah
oh it's like a stranded thing yeah
10 seconds straight down the middle
straight down the middle straight down
the middle scrotum with dlc Fez $4.99
Thank You crocodile brain you know how
video games work
oh I'm rich you can do this you can do
this know this serious cause you're
fuckin fuckin yeah I saw I saw that
question a little bit ago worse movie
Batman and Robin yes Batman Robin Robin
is one with mr. free that's Batman or
Robin okay yeah yes that alone is almost
enough to say that it's worse I've
actually often said that Batman or Robin
is the worst movie ever made when you
factor it like it's not there are more
incompetent movies but when you factor
in like the budget like that man that
attack of the clones
I think Damon Robins worse famine Robin
is like watching money burn on screen
it's such a gigantic fuck you to anyone
that wants to get any sort of
investments in a movie you know the
traveling oh one of these starts as a
goalie know one of them was just 13 just
sitting there man I just went into the
buzzes a tall man 13 you know the drill
come on man so now Rick you're back
there wait yeah hang back and see if
they do it okay because so do you start
at a new position every time is a random
or seems random
okay or do you just go like oh ABCD
yeah Batman and Robin is yeah and it's
like it's over two hours long - is it
yeah so many villains Batgirl is there
oh yeah and it's Alicia Silverstone
she's like the worst actress yep
there's no point her being there and
it's terrible yeah
once all the things she disappears for
large chunks of the movie and then she
shows up again and you're like oh that's
right she's in this Alfred yes American
news yes fine okay uncle Alfred that's
how she says his name every time uncle
Alfred Oh big in 1984 Madonna I think
who's that girl I was thinking Jeff
Goldblum is Jeff Goldblum in a movie
with Madonna
oh no okay or you don't know why I'm
Jeff Goldblum and Cyndi Lauper vibes
yeah maybe that's art you know I know
that just because we're gonna the VHS
copy today we always have you ever seen
that
no okay I was wondering if it's worth
watching I've never lived with it exists
I didn't know it exists until someone
sent it to us
fun fact about Jeff Goldblum and Madonna
I keep directed her first news appeal
why would you do that why would I make
up stuff yeah whatever oh yeah he's in
the first the first ones he yeah yeah
he's a pug and then Alex winter is a
thug and the third one felons right I'd
let you sound like a fact that that is
true though no Jeff go boom directed
Madonna's first music video no no
there's no reason for that to be true he
was
it's still movies he's directing music
videos but we gonna started as a
director in transition the actor is the
opposite of what anybody ever does kind
of makes it seem so out there but nobody
would make that up because nobody
believed it was like 81 video was
everybody Joey sure probably its Joey
it's Joey a Backstreet Boy I don't know
but back back
Oh Steve Buscemi's it vibes
oh stop giving me reasons to watch vibe
oh you got a lot of reason we have a
copy of it that's a perfectly good
reason no not always
we got copies of a lot of stuff well
what's going by the old mountain here
credo
speaking of because it's there hmm have
you heard the band slashed the album
public broadcasting race for space no no
there's a band this exists or is this
another joke another filthy lie never no
no it's a real band called public
broadcasting and they have an album
called the race oh damn it and it's like
rock some rock music some like ambient
music and the vocals are collections of
like NASA sound bits Oh
JFK's like speech I like to promote NASA
okay it's awesome
leave it's super awesome it's a really
great album to come on NATO shuffle
sure just because it's fun music and
then like little bits of like NASA
talking about like Apollo 11 and stuff
like posters go that's cool that's a
rapid Eno it would very much be into in
something that everyone should be in -
yes
that's all I know that's the lesson no
number oh thank you your nerves hurt her
public broadcast system with broadcast
system race the space yes that was
totally going in Oh totally going in do
you need more new key
oh that's I'm glad you brought that out
we haven't mentioned this in a while
we just need a couple more yeah and then
we'll have enough just yeah yeah then we
then yeah we we tallied up the new key
shelf a couple days ago and we are like
what do you think I think we're at like
two or two or three more and then we'll
be good is who were three more and we
will be we will be good to go
we'll just the neck the next day we'll
get started on it yes the project's Yeah
right we're ready to go
we need those couple mark Hayley to live
a couple brief a brief chuckle I handle
myself and breathe Chuck oh I did not
like it it was good bro
see this together you gotta you gotta
give me accent you know the bro thing
didn't bother me that much you know some
of the stories in it like there was one
I don't know if you've gotten there yet
there was one story about there's one
really really fun story about him having
to pay for committing a crime no okay I
won't say anymore that was a really fun
story you don't mean the one with the
auctioneer yes the one would be okay so
yeah yeah it's like it's not you know
hey because he came in for the other
yeah yeah yeah that one is really well
that's a really fun I like the way that
was the way that was constructed with
the switcheroos and then who's who yes
no one's gonna read ha no one's gonna
really hot guy book here but maybe in
the chat but something let them know you
know we're going to stand alone Hawkeye
boy kami
because nobody likes no he's everybody's
least favorite Avenger oh it does okay
Oh what what some music joke anybody
who's a music person this is time we
have nothing just to do what yeah
what happened any of those Zappa's
they're still rough weird names which
one what Dweezil was that one yeah
weasels the oldest ok I see it like an
MTV Veejay for a while off of MTV he
enjoyed a game show I don't remember
that sounds vaguely familiar but he's he
tours a bunch playing playing Frank to
music with it like an all-star band kind
of thing ok that's what he does mostly
these days rounds we need it to the WTF
with Marc Maron a couple years ago and
then they dated for a while all right
Marc Maron yeah oh ok
no okay apparent according to the chat
he was divorced when he started to buy
okay I had that in my head too for some
reason I've only listened to handful of
episodes maybe it's just because you're
talking on there it's a lot of me he did
not you know we were like he was talking
about it in the past tense but you know
was not clear that uh
don't fart again Oh Jack do you have a
favorite stand-up comic
no George Carlin George Carlin like my
current favorite is Vaughn punches
Ron Funches yeah he's really that is
he's really good he's on I discovered
him does he ever say I put the fun and
fun jizz you might I don't know I
haven't heard him say that okay but I
discovered him watching
I was watching @midnight and he's he's
very very funny I'm waiting for him to
do like an album or something cuz I
don't think he has yet he's still coming
up okay so he's pretty pretty unknown
yes point he does a lot of podcasts okay
that's what they all do now oh no that's
something I'm excited about what very
for asked if there any bloom County fans
oh yeah I'm so excited
bloom County is Samak a comic strip from
the 80s and 90s which then became
Outland which then became opus you know
opus the penguin no really if you saw a
picture of him you'd know oh wait I
think I know yeah yeah I don't know it
by name you'd recognize it I was in the
comics I'm in for a wild brick Breathitt
was doing kids books
he drew he made a book called Mars Needs
Moms that Disney made into a terrible
movie and then just recently he's I
realize that was based on anything he
did yep okay he's not but then he has
brought back bloom County and it's a
perfect time for it because bloom county
is basically it's it's couched in this
sort of you know somewhat more
traditional comic narrative but it's all
about questioning authority and talking
about people in power and that was a
good time for all that unless you've got
to work technology into it like one of
those current plot device their plot
lines is a Steve Dallas made a video of
his genitals for his girlfriend but it
moved sure
and instead of sending it to her
actually accidentally got posted take
y'all to Twitter on my viral it's really
good and I'm just I miss the new comic
online somewhere the only place to see
it is on his Facebook okay he just puts
it up there I don't think you need I
mean obviously he's not worried about
like syndicating and reporting in Rogers
or anything like that because the whole
point is he wants to do what he wants to
do yeah that's always that's been its
point for 20 years or something I don't
know if they're gonna be on a website
somewhere or not but just go you know
Facebook they're all their friend him
there's a link in the chat cupboard
Facebook it's good stuff friend him
don't think you can friend to me can
following his friend him was a business
friend and fun to like this I don't I
don't a whole lot either which is weird
because I've always I mean I like mister
show bundage yeah but I like to stand up
a lot when I was younger I haven't
listened to in a while I have a feeling
if I listen to it now I would get more
annoyed than anything he comes across
very white very aggressive yeah yeah
there's one really good story of his
that I liked which is the story of him
yeah that's that one holds up yeah but
other than that yeah never really gone
back to it I mean I love them as an
actor oh yeah yeah mr. show is it's very
funny I've never I've never laughed at
mr. show and never but every single time
I want to really show sketch I admit
that it is a very funny no no no I
always enjoyed you you understand why
it's funny I understand this is a well
how all right mr. Joe's coming back yeah
yeah apparently some sort of project
with all those yeah all those people
and there have been sneaky sneak preview
pictures of the writing room there's a
big face hey thanks couple with a quick
you know
do-do-do-do more absurdist I do go a
little more like any David Wain stuff
usually didn't you say you didn't like
they came together I don't know it's the
most fucking hysterical movie in the
last five years
I think it's on Netflix now oh my god
it's so funny good
no but like any of those old Stella
shorts fucking love that help man the
Stella actually the Stella TV series -
yeah you know whatever that holds I
never watched The Comedy Central one oh
it's great I have the DVDs a feel on a
bargain I do and it's great but they
came together just didn't see that
doesn't make any it's the same type of
humor I don't understand why that
wouldn't work because art is fluttery
maybe I was just in a bad mood I loved
everyone involved and they came together
yeah and I was so down with the premise
what is it dude oh man that's so funny I
just didn t echo Michael
alright let's change the seems like
questioning here jack jazz jackrabbit
asks is a hot dog is English no it's a
hot dog that's a very important it's a
sausage what is that is it what constant
here's why it is not a sandwich okay
because in general the bun is one unit
as we know in a bun like we know because
the bun is one unit of bread yeah that
is not a sandwich that's my definitive
answer stand with you on that um at one
of the special garden very recently was
basically just a taquito
great sausage place in Milwaukee yeah if
you're in or near Milwaukee at any given
time go to the vanguard
it is they specialize in sausages yes
I missed I missed oh that
this episode brought to you by the
Vanguard it's not really but maybe
they'll give us free sausages it
the other thing the other thing we love
with the Vanguard is wrestling as well
oh yeah that's the two things are
sausages and wrestling so they like did
they have a sausage Sam I know what I
was what I was going to say was there
they had a taquito which had a hot dog
in the middle so if you can remove the
hot dog that much from the context in
the sandwich yeah yeah yeah I'd say just
masala gets a hot dog yeah right same is
a jeep a car no it's a Jeep but did you
visit car
no but it's not a jeep is it's an
automobile but that's different a car is
a car obviously that feels like that
that question feels like there's a hot
dogger sausage okay yeah you're right I
take that back oh well definitions of
hotdogs one is just these sausage hot
dog and two is a hot dog in a hot dog
bun
yeah you just call that that's one unit
yeah but it's it's it's it's almost like
it's referring to that is one Dweezil
it's though it's referring to this kind
of a serving suggestion there leave me
the province of recession because if you
really go give me some hot dogs at the
grocery store someone's gonna come back
with an eight pack of hot dogs sure and
hopefully they remember device that's
context sensitive yeah so when a
sandwich is always a sandwich right a
sandwich was always give you if you say
go to the store and get me a sandwich
they're not gonna come back with like a
bag of roast beef right there are gonna
come back with a sandwich is that or all
be making scores or all the makings were
saying yes that's very speaking of hot
dog so technically speaking a hamburger
is a sandwich yes burger sandwich
something I love doing when at a cookout
he's taking your hamburger cutting up a
hot dog putting it on top of the
hamburger
two buns or a sausage obviously if
there's a broad abroad
on top of the hamburger anything like
that it's the greatest I just feel like
that kind of mixture is dangerous and
you think that until you eat it and then
it will change your world forever
even my live in the band that came up
with the damn witch and what is the damn
way the damage was the same once it was
made entirely of condiments the bugs you
know the condiments like an existential
sins like just like things you could put
on top of a burger okay
eXistenZ wig on like a fried egg then it
would good okay
we got we're gonna tell that could be
weird is great what do you have oh yeah
that'll kill ya
any and I remember my first fried egg on
top of a hamburger I remember it vividly
yeah right right like a gooey
drippy fried egg doesn't seem like it
would be appealing but it's real good
there's a place called Kuma's dam
Chicago oh yeah which is never been
there it's pretty good that's all it's
all burgers and the indexer heavy metal
bands but it's all like these crazy
burgers like I'll put those searches for
stuff in there but one time I was there
and I was very hungover I was feeling
very unfortunate and we were big tore
healing area so I think we had to get a
drive to Indiana I think okay but we
went into comas and the special was the
axe handle which was a pile of waffle
fries and the burger fried egg and I
polished that thing off and I felt
amazing
that's like okay let's try what's the
key Rome it was great
oh it was just perfect because it was
just there was a lick not a ton of
grease but low grease in with you know
like just because of the fries and
burger champ not a lot just a little bit
just enough to kind of work this gossip
so good there probably aren't only five
people in the world now there might be
only five people playing this on
PlayStation we are playing this on the
ps4 oh this game is pretty popular on
steam at the moment sorry coalition
there's a lot more users playing that
it's though it's free to PS Plus members
there's probably a bigger user base on
PC as many people want us to play this I
gotta imagine this more you'd think so
but well they're probably all PC users
yeah because of Rich's back we're not
bringing in Rich's PC at the moment
because then you would have to lift it
and we're trying to make him not lift
things
so we're gonna be very console heavy for
the next few weeks
oh god damn bounce that bouncing ball oh
stop sucking gravity thirteen you're in
there
cares are for player than a I fucking oh
they're saying Steam and ps4 use the
same servers really that's fantastic
that's true Wow you fuckers
apparently the ps4 version broke the
PlayStation Network as it was so popular
that's great shit this this seems like
an amazing fun time I look forward to
playing it oh and being asked if I watch
NXT which is the kind of the the Tribble
a version of WWF or ee w e wrestling
it's like the the farm league kind of
looks like the the new kids are kind of
working our way up sure you know so I
don't I didn't understand the sports
records oh oh no I D
triple-a thing I was a baseball baseball
faces ball so it's a farm League
wrestling kind of yeah I mean like like
they actually do like we'll call up the
best before people into the regular yeah
WWE and it's fantastic it's basically a
full of young people that wrestle like
really wrestle but don't you know it's
full of real actual skill and there's a
lot of really cool people on there I
don't watch it regularly but I have seen
some pay-per-views and I know some of
the characters they did just recently
they kind of did a big call up the divas
league which is the ladies wrestling
I've been hearing I mean it's been
terrible forever sale
oh thanks to you it's just they didn't
know what to do and they just you know
they didn't want you know it's all just
like you know women nice teamwork women
dressed in skimpy clothes no a foxy
boxing go basically yeah
but the NXT setup has been like they've
got bunch of women that are fantastic
wrestling really skilled and there's
kind of been all right damn I try I jump
luckily no one of you sir oh that would
know that was that was easy users on
goalie but so they just called up three
of the best medic CD thes and they just
basically kick the shit out of all the
current maybe the vidi this and it's
been great so far
super good so it's just like okay
finally Vince McMahon is basically
getting pushed out of the picture
he'll involved yeah how's Vince McMahon
pretty old but basically like Stephanie
his daughter is in charge along with
Triple H okay and they're the ones
they're kind of pushing for better
female wrestlers more interesting actual
workers y'all know Vince just likes buff
dudes exactly now exactly know it's
absolutely fucking true and so that's
been really cool I've been appreciating
that Kevin Owens is another guy that's
been coming up and it's been getting a
really big push and he's been like he's
worked in indie stuff for fifteen years
and he's finally like you know in the
big program yes and he's doing really
he's getting he's got some really good
matches he's has a really good matches
with John Cena which is has been sort of
rare in the past because John Cena
hasn't really been like he doesn't work
a lot like he doesn't do long sort of
sort of matches that involve a lot of
skill okay
and Kevin Owens pops up and then all of
a sudden they're do an hour-long match
my favorite people like it's really good
stuff so that's very cool that's that's
was your press one quarter rep deluxe
asks a really important question which
is how can the commentary track for this
game have nothing to do with the game in
a room that rambles and then said ship
it welcome to the stream this must be
your first this is kind of what we do we
just jib around about stuff while we
play games sometimes we're talking about
the game but you know what it's a game
we have a rocket-powered car you how can
you get the game which kind of makes it
a great oh fuck same well does anybody
else one play
no maybe you really drum now off
oh no you've not well no then I guess
I'll take over okay yeah okay hang it
over oh my god how do you things you
don't ass do in a game because jump
circles your rocket let's go always our
- oh uh and there's the last ten years
Vince is turning 17 this year okay
alright jack is no playing it's gonna
take me a little bit here we also say
rest in peace absolutely there's an
article on grant land about him that is
really fantastic and really kind of
heartbreaking because I'm talking about
they started off with infinite talking
about like some little like you know
they start up in there early and they're
talking about the legacy of wrestling
and he was on real sports with Frank I'm
willing it's like 2003 okay he's talking
about come with the set up is with the
pension in WWE else and it kicks in we
can turn 65 and he said let's face it
I'm not getting 65 ah shit didn't ya 61
60 1 but yeah I mean it's it's it's a
rough game but he was fantastic and that
article is really good cuz it really
kind of points out his role both in
wrestling and acting and just have who
he was not as long as I give him a
little credit for his acting oh and I I
watched they live the other night very
fast away and I was like man everyone
cuz everyone did that was like more
people watched it that night than
watched it when it was in theaters
nobody watch I would have if I hadn't
cuz I've seen they live so many times
what did you think
first time I've seen since it was kid oh
really
yeah I I watch it every I might watch
that movie once a year actually as an
adult I find it a little bit working
really I guess I gotta understand that
it's it's very like you have to keep in
mind that it's low-budget
ich verstehe yeah and Len so the the the
scale of it is pretty small like the
idea that he knocks out one satellite on
the top of one building in LA and that
magically appear at the satellite place
- yeah it just happens okay they're just
conveniently yeah it's like yeah they're
underground he's seen their facility
then it turns out that they just so
happened to also be at the UH the
station right yeah I'm okay with all
that just because I like the concept so
much and I like I think Roddy Piper in a
lot
here's your here's what I think happened
with the movie and why I think I have
problems with it they had it they had it
like the idea the only real idea was
that like ten minutes for he puts the
glasses on that's the best certainly he
sees the world the way it really is
yeah yeah that was the only real good
idea there's a lot of filler around that
one see see I don't even think I'd call
it filler like I love the opening like
15-20 minutes of that movie before he
gets the glasses is so more than 15
minutes how it's a long time I'm sure a
lot of people would say it's slow but I
love it like I think it's great just
like hey Jack to see just seen him like
wandering around the city and trying to
get a job and getting to know the
environment like and that's why I like a
lot of people thing to skate from New
York's boring too but that's what I like
is the exploring the world stuff yes but
it's both good character but again
giving you sort of good feel of what the
situation is yeah just yeah you know
overall with characters but yeah I mean
I can I can i I see kind of both sides
what we're talking about here and I can
definitely agree that that's like oh you
get I understand a lot of the movies
phones but to me they can get robbed
Shire yeah like the eye on the opposing
team I'll take it
listen I did download the John Carpenter
episode of podcast oh yeah I know send
that up like a year ago
I just unrelated I just happened to come
across it it's good the fight see the
famous Miller at all that's not a filler
dollar that's gratuitous the best
possible right yes that's not filler
that is that is that's meant to be that
way
that is John Carpenter saying I want to
see you two guys beat the shit out of
each other for as long as possible
everybody goes like filler oh it's great
you're just not looking at the same way
I did this start with somebody actually
taking some orders you see cars
I'm trying yes oh I hope so that would
be great no apparently this is a sequel
to a game that nobody played Wow
oh but this one's hugely popular this
one's hugely popular we just weren't
ready for it apparently the first one
was called like rocket-powered
radio-controlled cars play soccer again
smart babies yeah Marvin's intelligent
doubtless of course equal to my babies
too it's yours
it's my babies the next movie yeah I
think I think they live is a great short
film hmm I can see that I like the whole
thing yeah I mean you know obviously
that's the central concede and that's
the you know that's that's all the plot
there it is yeah sure yeah I can give
you that they don't really know how to
resolve a be resolved it's kind of like
the Iron Man problem I don't always have
from not saying I hate big trouble no
China yeah when I was a kid I was a
little bit too young for us and white
white why was the Kurt Russell why
didn't he get to be the big yeah
where's he on the floor for half that
and fight yeah I didn't see it when I
was little some
I never saw it oh I didn't even know I
know it was on cable all the time but I
never saw it so I am I didn't see it
until I was in like my 20s I still like
the movie but I didn't get that until I
saw oh sure oh he spends the whole movie
asking what the hell was going on
recently I rewatched for the first time
in many many years Johnny dangerously it
holds up oh yeah it's too Mun girly Jack
fun and stinky baggage I really I really
was in love with Michael Keaton's
performance kosher it's so good and
there's this weird thing where he's uh
he's in jail and then he gets the word
on the street that they're gonna kill
his brother so he's got to get out of
jail spoilers for Johnny dangerously
fucking 30 years old okay 25 comedy yeah
but there's this really weird thing
where like he's got to get the guys
there's like hey God
come here this foods Rodney this is
weird like the motion with his arm yeah
this is weird jerky thing is just like
it grabs me so far the fuck is that I
rewound it a couple times yeah I have
three it is okay
oh just recently I got back I don't man
I don't remember the last time I saw
that movie it's really I don't even know
if I've ever seen it straight through it
was on cable all that's all growing up
sorry seeing pieces like basic cable
like HBO okay yeah it's like just like
you've had you have seen all that like
all the Danny DeVito done stuff oh
really I was I was pleased to see that I
might have enjoyed
why are they bouncing I don't know cuz I
like it's a party oh what's that one
there was one with the Jets
it's Institute I'm sorry what what is
there to W Drive hit ball good rocket
John fuck look I'm gonna be a Captain
America car fuck yeah fuck yeah tires
this one fuck yeah sure what about more
tech so glossy Bucky I'll be shining ok
you so crazy it's true that's pretty
good that's pretty good that's pretty
good pink holy moly
I think I'm thinking the orange that's
cool Oh weird it's cute that's the whole
thing it's cute it's cute
that's gross yeah Frank baby I think you
gonna choose the country flavors to
automatically warrior from ooh that's a
good question let's look at it now oh
sweet Amerika Amerika motherfucker nah
you don't want to be from America
Oh what I don't even know if it's even a
country anyways look at what the last
country no I'm from America Jack I don't
wanna be from America the video game
you're Chris no Wales got dragon fuck
you guys I'm from America I don't know
you want to scare the other team B from
United Arab Emirates I'm from America
motherfucker earlier look at my sweet
taxi let's see yeah has anybody seen
Tomorrowland I believe some people
who've seen Tomorrowland
none of us but some was right oh you saw
it wasn't okay it was pretty good I
heard it was kind of a mess uh yeah
great but it was pretty good uh
Christmas Stuart is good in it that's
the weird part
you know she was good in oh hey that's
not Tomorrowland what was that oh you
know you're thinking of Adventureland
thank you that's gonna say that's the
movie she was good in yeah that's what I
like eventually yeah no Tomorrowland is
the Brad Bird movie George Clooney no
nobody saw it
nope nope you're still doing three
versus three yeah it was it was that it
was a local theater for like I mean
wouldn't think it actually got there
because it came out the same time as Mad
Max I didn't have Mad Max initially was
gonna be there like nobody wants to see
anything but man everybody wants to see
Mad Max oh sure yeah I heard
Tomorrowland was kind of a mess yeah
which is unfortunate I like Brad Bird no
he directed the fourth one right the new
one is Chris McQuarrie okay who rose way
the gun there was the additional row
okay yeah yeah yeah oh yeah you almost
knocked it out for that we got a point
does that count yeah thanks let's go
hang back here I feel like we have a
good team so I'm just gonna hang back
here great really we're gonna contribute
nothing I was Nathan's I was defense is
important pucker factor defense is
important and I thought like oh I want
to be the guy that saves it if it gets
hit into our goal I'll see now go
big fog of do oh I think I hit it I
think I think yes don't quite understand
it oh my god that blonde without
somebody exploded yes oh yes he's got it
he's got this I'm tellin ya I'm gonna be
able to hear I'm gonna be here for the
assist yeah exactly
jumpin jumpin is tough I did that on
purpose yeah it's something good and you
meant to yep yeah that's impressive
now doing that no that's no no keep
doing it now keep playing the game good
thirteen he's got it 13 is up back up up
I got the back in again Church oh come
on I got this Tarou sure Oh Cooper back
okay okay I did it I did a flip I did a
sweet flip not gonna do my boost up my
booth fuck
sorry my teammate grabbed the booze ball
loose ball
fuck what weight you lose then because I
was gonna hit you didn't I was gonna hit
it with my boot oh you can jump into a
quick turn that's pretty cool okay you
don't even teamwork that teamwork is all
right that's all right
out of seven reviews what no idea what's
going on all sorts of crazy high in you
know I'm not great at the game yet like
how rich gives up the controller but
then wants to play I still want to play
again with the controller because I
don't want to hog the controller rich is
being good yeah oh sorry 13 I wasn't
paying attention I was talking to rich
rich has manners
rich is Satan and all understand that
sure that's true stop you know you're a
room with other people okay
I try not to do that
I don't blame words but though there are
other people it's weird sometimes
oh that's coming around this coming or
oh my god no no no get up get up don't
let him get too far back with it okay
I'm circling I'm bordering
okay okay she's getting in real and
intense uh-huh we're also

[Part III]
don't get cocky you want as many goals
as you could possibly be if you want to
make the other team embarrass sure
you're right that's your goal
oh yeah you're right don't get it in out
also you want to shut up
also I want to just hit the ball that's
my that's my you that's my number one
goal is you keep doing that what does
that you press X twice X twice okay
that's a sideways foot matter and over
in flip yeah yeah yeah that's a rough
one for the team I'm off the side what
does that mean I don't know soccer play
the game properly don't don't do that
Trading jumping yeah that was great
there's a great airport Oh press up or
down while pressing X again good luck oh
no no oh nothing we could have done
there's nothing wrong there's nothing we
go down yeah W so if you press X again
in the air while holding ahead you do a
flip you flip okay a sign D flippin if
you press up her back you do it okay
foot for any flip oh here we go five
seconds the front friend a friend a
friend or back you back
barbar Kyra or Mark you learn also Funky
Bunch house gone for normal hair
flippy-flippy
and ba-bam I got Mauro knows these
technical terms these are all the man
yeah he tries to put somebody got to the
ball for him so he couldn't do I just
did a foot because I understand Jack you
can't be ahead of the ball at the
halfway mark if your team has the ball
what
oh that's what offsides is so does that
you can penalize in this game or is it
just real soccer yeah if you are
penalizing this game it said so where's
the Bears don't hurt it set off side all
right
instead of but where's the penalty
uh-huh what did how did I get penalized
I don't know I didn't hit ready sorry
that was my that was my fault I was
three I was reading the chat somebody is
sending you a friend request I think I
want to play okay I will answer your
friend requests in a moment after this
fucking game here we go
here we go no here we go you sure here
we go you ready
I'm so fucking ready holy cow I'm so
fucking here we go hip here ready we're
going ready we've got ready okay oh here
we go oh oh there we go
we're stay out of the damn way see my
goodness again from you can't do thing
well somebody else wants to do the thing
well but they don't have a straight line
you can you can angle yourself even you
can do that off well but you ain't you
doesn't because you want to get to the
ball first too
they they also want to hit it
immediately well I had it well you know
what I didn't really I keep forgetting
you know what I keep forgetting the
boost button oh I did that on purpose
okay which i think is important to know
okay angle wait you might need assist
okay okay okay
rubbed off luck says I can't believe
I've been listening before elderly
gentlemen play video game
they haven't only one of us has been
playing at a time and none of us are
elderly are we talking about the game
get your shit together seriously he's
all fucked up everything you're saying
is wrong Thanks have you even been
listening and early it might be a bit
harsh we're elderly to nine year olds
that's rare which shouldn't be listening
to the stream there's a lot of swearing
bunnies
Nutter butters it's my favorite fan
family fingers fair move where did that
come from
freakazoid okay no nut bunnies you
certainly did nothing there I did it's
absolutely nothing I owe you I don't
understand the game wants the controller
oh yeah it sounds like you get more
stressed out when someone else is
playing the game and when you are you
know I think that's true so much more
fun with the car the best game the
return of backseat gaming rich no you
know he's he's not backseat gaming yet
he's on his way though
oh he's wanting to yeah that style was
different
hey I'm being a good boy again he's
played he's attempting that matters yeah
oh oh there's a bright one Oh dedicated
break yeah then the lol - that's reverse
well it's me a break in that workout
it's just destroying your transmission
you just figured out four verse yeah
yeah I don't think I've taken my finger
off of the accelerator button since we
started because that's how you please me
oh yeah okay oh wow that didn't go
anywhere say the ball
and I hit it going on it sounds like
there are fireworks yeah that's weird
it's not the weekend it's a Wednesday
it's st. say Wednesday say Wednesday
they're gonna use them old fireworks
when they expire thank you that almost
summer after the fourth of July you just
hear fireworks every day in Milwaukee
yeah I think sounds like you actually
did tweet that nothing like Milwaukee
summer to take the novelty out of
fireworks it's true no great every day
um apparently square is the handbrake oh
yeah oh you could do sweet likes kids
Oh squids and she women squids and skips
Gibble's Gibby dibs
okay Scrabble devil oh oh oh that was
haven't you know you I would that was a
for effort yeah sorry sorry thirteen
sorry thirteen give me the 13 is very
frustrated okay
oh oh
hit the crossbar I was sad again wolf a
for effort
oh my god no I might have I might have
hit hold on I might every play will
determine that could it no that was not
me alright okay I didn't help
oh but I didn't hit it in you know just
missed it entirely migraine Oh
oh good you're gonna knock it but I
wasn't gonna do any good any good
anywhere except requests oh yeah yes yes
I can hold on exits main menu I can't
you're gonna see a black screen because
I don't know what sort of information is
gonna be shown so right now it's a black
screen
and this one this one oh I received a
partner I'm not gonna accept any party
information invitations that oh there's
okay there's a lot of friend requests no
okay hold on I'm accepting all your
friends except I like you remix tab like
you great
I don't like you that much no okay you
can start a private match no probably
maybe let's see what's up everybody's
still on play online private match team
size fall before the random of course
for not difficulty of rookie US East
great match searchings around who's
ready for this searching for private
match great I thought what I don't know
how did the network at all have also I
should turn this stream back oh here we
go
can you not look there in there oh oh
hey cool huh alright hi guys there's
only a couple of days so you're on the
same team right yeah you're not playing
against them well I've been more calm I
can only assume playing bots it looks
like we're playing BOTS oh yeah well
this will give me some time to practice
there no they're good
I put bots to rookie oh because I'm
you know how it'd be really embarrassing
than if you want yes I'm just gonna say
that yes like if they score right now
with the ball really close to your goal
oh that would be embarrassing I had to
break away
I had the break away oh oh my gourd oh
there's the slowest okay who's uh so how
do you join a private match Oh creator
invite how do we make you a to invite
people all the people who just friended
me should stop stop and go
I feel like 13 is here mr. shy smiles
here I see oh wait I think other people
are joining the match oh yeah okay great
okay hopefully you're all in the chat
well okay I did it I did it
Wow I did it
it takes I they're still trying to sell
us on the tutorial you know what maybe
okay
we're not playing at Oriel right it's
like it's real really clever and funny I
think just perhaps it tells us like what
all the buttons do maybe there's a
button we just don't even know to press
like those get the ball in the net they
get the ball in the net but could do a
better job but what is triangle do
triangle has follow the ball or not oh
it's right that one okay we know what
jump is we know what boost is tri we did
not know what square was Square is the e
handbrake button that's pretty helpful
button thanks well
don't pass it to me I'm terrible let me
just look for him back here I'm not
being noticed by anyone right now today
we're playing I was standing like like
ridiculously far out in right field of
course and one of the other nerds he was
he was all up in the business of Frank
oh he wasn't she still wasn't that good
like he would drop a bomb yeah and then
one of the assholes in the class started
yelling at him
and I got this off saying that I walked
up on what started a fight like he's
least he's fucking trying the gym
teacher did not say jack shit to me for
almost starting a fight here's what's
more embarrassing about that is I jumped
over it didn't do a thing didn't do a
thing
okay here we go I think more real people
towards by somebody that was in that in
the chat yeah okay great so now more
people aren't here that's yeah that's
great there we go here we go here we go
nope nope nope nope and handbrake
Oh can't you know jumping you feel like
you should be able to jump higher
mountain mountain mountain stop go what
that shit pulling me you know start
that's my jam very impressive pretty
good bet you need to make more terrible
guitar pizzas what you think no well
they can't see that I could have been
making guitar faces is that a real song
you were just doing yeah it's a song but
down here Oh Oh grab I didn't even know
that it's because it's a song way down
there that's okay not essential toys did
they use that song in the movie gravity
no because if not they should have no
made sense yeah yeah the song was just
an ambience for two hours oh I wouldn't
like the movie more if there was no
dialog and it was just weird ambience
like under the skin of course they are
of course they are is that the tie-in
with the blu-ray yeah what is the
blu-ray come out uh pretty soon but yeah
III it's I think abut as it's not
excited about the soundtrack on vinyl as
I am about like I'm excited about the
blu-ray yeah the office amount of
excited about the soundtrack because all
they had like the only place they could
take it from was a 35-millimeter sound
source it still has to log on it it
still who cares on sounds like Manos
yeah
just watch the movie then exactly
synapse has been working on a I think a
fork a restoration of Suspiria they're
like the last year or maybe even longer
and it's like they're still working on
it like it's one of those they go in
there it's one of those things like
those guys are so meticulous about
making sure that there's I was thinking
straight now because I love the spirit
yeah or just movie it is but right now
it's just backyard but they're complete
like order you know remaster inna I go
to their Facebook page everyone small
just to check on updates and they're
like we're still working on it but we
just found this new source with better
audio than the lice or so he has
somebody's mad Oh constantly like trying
to make it as good as possible
cool good yeah it's good but that could
be like a never-ending you know like
it's coming up next week wait we just
bought a new print yeah should probably
check for more friend advice after this
match sure
I think I don't think you have to leave
the game I think you could just say the
PlayStation oh maybe but I found a lot I
found a rip of who he is there a test
pressing of the soundtrack yeah
from 79 it sounds just gorgeous oh my
god those tapes oh hold on I'm accepting
so at least they've got that yeah sure
little bit come back see you see you
hopefully little over a key prey subject
just as long as it was that's all try
never we're not friends with all the
people
oh so many friends so many friends it's
the one in there should get out of that
guy in Kevin who doesn't know Josh is a
friend of ours who is frequently on best
of the worst there's a little watch is
there someone that watches the prereqs
streams that doesn't watch best of the
worst
who are you oops what's your deal man
who who are you
I misread something I think somebody was
asking if I know I'll find everyone say
you don't recognize your voice or
something well we have matter in a while
let's serve to be fair that's better
later maybe they're a new fan it's
possible who hasn't watched the old
episode but you're still good it doesn't
make any sense to me you know what if
they've got a whole new world to
discover it's true it's true
go watch all of our best of the worst
backlog right now right now stop
watching this watch this first and like
all of our videos why subscribe and
comments what do you think about de
Manos hands of a blue tell us below if
you haven't seen it I was riding that
wall that was right now all all the way
to score City so where did the
motorcycle turn into the sides explode
no how do we do that that's the first
that was the first one no no not
necessarily
why because I saw a new gladiator oh
I've never seen him to die yes but
that's okay episode after episode one
hello best episode DVD collection blue
owls heaven who got a riddle over in
that corner right now band camp I'm
sorry my friends I believe that my
co-host is swallow this telling you oh
oh oh for somebody you know wallet it's
a shame League indefinitely specimen
where's that DVD
alright one day one day there'll be a
magic copyright loophole with a
commentary track over our commentary
only all of the public domain movies
haven't been over done already
that's that's the thing is like if it's
public domain it's
and everybody has done something with it
yeah
every only did public domain that's also
true yeah all the good stuff is actually
owned by people
that's very true oh fuck did we talk
about trying to buy the rights to
something another uh terror in Beverly
Hills yeah yes except we can't find
anyone to try to buy the right can't
yeah you know one will admit that they
own that I went down the rabbit hole and
it was just like yeah it was an endless
mess so if anybody out there on the
internet knows where else who owns the
rights to terribly we did try looked
into it yeah I looked into it but yeah
there's no those random like nothing
movies it's impossible Shep knew anybody
knows who owns Tara member Lee Hills
please please let us know please like
nothing more I did track down who owns
blood beef yeah which I guess there was
a minute update oh man there has not
been a I think the only time I've ever
talked about that was the Chad but okay
what's the blood bean update it ain't
happening buddy did you talk to someone
I did I did I looked into it my contact
with the right people and just isn't
good because because of them well not be
yeah I mean I was up for doing it's
because that's a really weird question
jack you know what I was about doing it
then I contacted them and then I decided
no I guess I could be possible depending
on what yeah they were like but that's
what that's not the case that's not the
table that's too bad yeah never say
never but it doesn't look likely we're
being encouraged to team up with Shout
Factory if you're know how to make that
happen make that fucking happen but team
up with them in what capacity in order
for them to pay for the rights to
license movies so we can make fun of
them
oh okay wait shortly yeah any capacity I
don't care they they're awesome yeah I
love scream factory um I wasn't gonna
say oh there's another car I've never
listened to the commentaries but vinegar
syndrome never heard of them ah yeah
yeah they're another like genre release
movies with commentary tracks a by
Sandrine Lucas and I know I haven't I
have a couple of them but I haven't
listened to them but I think it's like a
really nice passing out Emma's calmly
goes in Kimber wins malt their group but
they did one for a night train to terror
and like one other movie bad man I think
Oh wouldn't this be great with like Mad
Max skins like truck DLC what's
happening drive those spike things have
a little guy just on top just peeling
cosmic little guy like waving around a
spear those guys going back and forth
yeah hit the ball so they can actually
be amazing every time you score goals is
shiny and cruel but if you knock lovely
if you knock the ball in your own goal
Oh apparently vinegar syndrome was
starting a streaming service Oh
everybody's doing Oh God so whenever
whenever your car blows up like one of
the guys break but right before it blows
up the guy in the car like takes out his
count as a silver spray paint nice nice
oh yeah I just signed up for a streaming
service called shudder it's exclusively
for horror movies okay which there's a
lot of free ones like on the Roku or
whatever and they're all garbage yeah
but shutters great oh man yeah they have
so it's like yeah it's like such a wide
selection of like old stuff and pretty
new releases lots of foreign stuff lots
of like recent independent
my you know American Horror stuff good
little good aggregator yeah that's great
and they they're the ideas that they're
gonna keep expanding to so but they
already have like I don't know two under
titles or something okay and yeah all
sorts of interesting things
yeah shudder sick and I sponsored by
shudder
these are teas with these shudder
shudder it's like five bucks a month can
I smile ma'am
good that hurts the asses meat mediocre
no mediocre I'm just not as good as I
think now that we are playing with
people from the chat rich needs to take
over again yeah so I can stop
embarrassing myself I know the chat
likes it when I embarrass myself / I
hate it I'm in I'm in I'm in up to win
baby
we got a snowman antenna oh hey that's
fun I think half of the chat loves it
when I act a fool the chat who's
actually here to watch the game is
infuriated well get used to this people
who just showed up to watch some some
hardcore rocket League action which I'm
sure happens like oh you come across
some assholes talking about horror
movies I'm not even trying to play yeah
it's great
are there people that go to twitch like
and just go to a random channel they
don't know because of what game they're
streaming I do oh okay yeah I do like if
it's a game that I'm playing and like I
just want to see how other people are
playing it to get some tip ah I did that
a lot with blood-borne
okay because it was so tough it was just
like I would start I watch other people
just to see if they found anything
different hmm like I did I did that with
our FTL a lot people who screamed ft
Ahlers blinky that's all anyone that
ever does that and comes to this channel
they're gonna be horribly I I we do a
different thing yeah we do a different
thing I did check out some eSports
yesterday got a little quick yeah real
help my attention for like seven minutes
because it was just so different
yeah video games people competitively
playing a video game
wit Game one with like sports announcers
and he's doing the luggage oh I'm color
strike okay oh my god the game oh my god
like I started watching the very first
stream I watched was a spelunky not a
speeder on a max coinage run someone was
trying to make you know the record
number of money you could earn in a game
of spelunky a guy names a streamer named
bananasaurus rex okay and all sudden
like I started seeing him like my game
feeds like bananasaurus rex it's gonna
make so much money in blah blah blah and
I was happy like at the time so just
watching him play it was amazing he was
doing really cool things I was like so
that was fun because he had a goal in
mind
chair but usually I don't want for very
long if it's if it's someone just
playing with you yeah and not talking
about Mad Max or
and you know our like I said this is a
group stream this is a little different
when it's like if it's just me a rich
yeah usually a little more gaming side
drinking here we have a little more a
little more podcasting sure a little
more freeform
a little more fuck off everyone let's
talk about the weather it's been so nice
out wow what the fuck what the fuck who
remind that ball away from me it's been
great now it's been to a couple days
Heather yes well what's once the
humidity drops in the winter yeah I was
worried it might be too hot or something
I didn't want to talk about not this is
probably really boring oh I wanted to
discuss the Apple watch
oh god why Bobby look I have a specific
story related to the Apple watch I as
many people know in the jack I'm a
hardcore Apple fanboy I believe in the
cult of Mac oh no rich sounds terrible
you're supposed to be better than me I
never made this quick I just started
playing the date today myself Jack yes
video bTW okay but the Apple watch is
this a horrible thing that no one uses a
melon
yes even I as a Mac fanboy believe that
the Apple watch is a useless piece of
shit okay I was doing a couple weeks ago
I was shooting a corporate video and the
place of business I was at was also a
Mac business all the work computers were
Mac computers a couple people who worked
there the higher-ups came from Apple
retail so like they were hard and we
start gibbering during shoots about the
Apple watch and I make it snide remark
not realizing that who I'm making a
snide remark to is wearing that want to
be higher-ups of the company and I was
like and they start sniping about the
other one and they said if I could
return this I would oh oh yeah
and they wear it they're just like I
have said what do you do with it I would
think once you buy it cuz how much does
one cost few hundred bucks so you buy it
and you're like this is garbage but I
paint it a lot for it so I guess I'll
keep weary until a use comes around yeah
but that was my first question to her
was just like how do you use this every
day how is it worth it and she's like
absolutely not worth it it gives me my
oh but it doesn't even display all the
text so I have to read it on my phone
anyway right
but I guess I know I got a text yeah and
she's like yeah we're shooting at him if
you if you had that on but you also had
your phone with you yeah and you got a
notification that you got a text you're
not gonna go to the watch yeah you're
gonna just pull out your phone which is
right there anyway which is right there
anyway yeah because you're - it is with
Siri
and so then you have to talk to your
watch in public got like a dick tree
haha you get it like a crazy like yes I
would like an appointment for my
urologist it's it's a step backwards in
technology and absolutely this and but
the the nice part of the story is here
we have a whole bunch of Apple people
who also agree why this watch makes no
sense
and hopefully that word will get back to
Apple and so they can what stop make
nothing no matter this does done well
they're they're focusing on it
are they still yes yeah what are the
sales like you have any idea did well do
well because I guess initially it's like
new Apple thing yeah yeah yeah it did
well if the sales have not continued to
do very well but if I mean it's done
well enough where it Apple is still
putting time to resources which is a
shame Oh like I I have a buddy who also
has like the Android version oh just
missed the damn thing the pebble or
whatever that's called like no yeah and
like I thought about it Alton so what
are those nice we got good text you know
like I can kind of see the subject know
if I should check my phone about it's
like no just check your phone to focus
also like if you're expecting an
important email yeah check your checking
your thank you alright and if you're not
emailing fucking wait
yeah also you don't have a job in which
you get important you know you work at
Wendy's
nobody's contacting you we got a new
grease trap hold on
I think some people just like to buy new
doodads
sure Oh especially Apple doodads yeah
yeah Apple especially oh yeah this is a
new thing for Apple I guess I'll just
get it I don't need it but whatever you
know there were that I paint
breakthrough doodads you know of course
the I pod was not the first digital
music player right but it was the big
you know the the iPhone was huge
touchscreen phone huh first of its kind
oh oh sure right so the precedent for
mind-blowing doodads is there yeah but
as we've said the watch is step
backwards not a mind blowing especially
because one RT like those watches
already existed we should have all known
I'd rather just get a wristband for my
iPhone sorry I just have my iPhone on my
you can read this point what this is
this a thing this is this is a big
gaming news well understand oh wait you
told me about this that's a big plastic
in case your phone yeah you're right
dude is gizmos and thingamajig both
think about jigs
oh those are my favorite yeah do you
like do like a who's it's like watch
this one who's it see cuz who's it that
just embarrassed around like who's that
guy I don't know but once it's oh that
could be a fun doing like a base class
so what's it oh that was awful that was
that's gonna be fun to watch
you enjoy the social commentary on this
Harlem vodka yeah the important social
commentary about Apple watches and our
social commentary the I watch is stupid
yeah I like finger but chicks it's great
why is the nedick's Oh whatever you
score then that explodes well it looks
like you can see there's a force there's
like a force field so it goes through
that and then but the ball explodes yeah
okay because it's awesome sure I'll
explore just wondering what the logic of
it is explosions you have a
rocket-powered remote-controlled car so
that rocket power it's a
remote-controlled car with rockets
splitting fuck it Touche big difference
you think it's battery but there is a
difference yeah hybrid the hybrids
it just got fire coming out the back as
well it's like a couple of butane you
know lighters I like whoever if someone
got like a bumble upgrade for their
rocket boosters and they shoot out yeah
that's adorable
that's my poodle's maybe that was you
what's up yeah I don't know what's that
hey chat what's up with you what's going
on guys
see
it's not remote control there's a guy in
the car driving that's not know
yeah they remote controls their remote
control that's that's the game I you I
had said in the beginning I would have
preferred a little guy in the car guy
cuz then would have been like uh I was
that was the game lug with all the
drivers and you blow up each other's
cars just a metal yeah twisted metal
like a little twisted metal mod would be
great for this go back to the future the
game oh did you do it
no no no this that's my win oh I have
seen the latest Pixar movie have you
seen marble rye is better than normal
right that's fact
oh come on pumpernickel dog pumpernickel
a situational are you just putting
butter on it or is using it for sandwich
yeah any of it just say my friend
regular Ryan Zola is a little more
consistent you just you just toasting
putting butter Marvel Ryan I can't get
with that here's it more important
social commentary today yeah
are you talking about bright marble
right versus regular right yeah I don't
know I don't think I've ever had marble
rise uncle world into swirl yeah okay
then I've had that but I don't think
I've had regular ride oh you've never
had a regular driver
I don't think so okay maybe I had get on
the Rye bread trolley J it's it's a
flavorful place to be I'm gonna I'm
gonna go with marble rye because it
resulted in the best episode of Seinfeld
yeah well that's also true yeah I'm just
gonna bounce
yeah oh my god again shine shine would
you sis huh Ritchie you set him up BAM
let's see you got one of those like flip
hits that seem to work really good you
go you got you got football you're this
game does need a new gladiators mom this
game needs slowly oh yeah
whatever works and that was deliberate
Bowen that was a full credit on that but
him playing it loose anyway
nope oh yeah that was great MC look just
look at that it was like effortless it
really
inside-out had too much CGI yeah you're
probably right oh man this maybe going
up
they have overtime in this how they did
Ty's sudden death Oh Mike I'm seen heavy
exciting what did I don't see the UM
what was the big internet video rocket
jump school did a a video video essay a
look back on not all CG needs to do
Oh someone tweeted that I didn't watch
it is it basically the consensus is CG
is okay when you don't notice it yeah
yeah Larry know that I don't need to
watch the video that's already obvious
it's a fun look at its a tool like any
other tool I know these like sure sure
but it was a fun look at instances where
they use CG where you might not have
noticed
sure in a defense like for example even
though Mad Max fury road they had a ton
of practical effects their own wires I
know these things might have butt bump
but I just removed my wires they also
added like a bunch of the cars were fake
the backgrounds are Fayette there was
there's a bunch in Mad Max fury road
that is CG but you don't necessarily
know I will watch it so I saw it there
and I was like I'm gonna watch this
later you yes but I haven't watched it
because of it I kind of felt like I knew
where it was going and you are correct
your conclusion about the video is very
what is the one but it gives specific
examples yeah okay
no better no better get better feel
better did you win fuck up
it looks me rich rhyperior says I will
wait you in Valhalla master says George
Lucas's wife a famous editor lmao she
only edited his original Star Wars movie
yeah that doesn't make her famous about
no are they I don't understand okay
because that's all it takes to be a
famous editor yeah and it's Star Wars
and make a shitty movie good and that
movie is famous for being made in the
editing right like that movie works
because somebody fixed it and edit II
almost as if famously someone edited
that movie yeah it's a weird it's a
really weird thing oh we got fucking
changed again Cosmo yes I did see every
90s not ever by rocket oh oh that
devolves into like the thing type mutant
monsters famous youtuber Freddie Wong no
as we jump Studios I think I'm not
really sure with famous youtuber means
but he's not rocket science
well you know Josh Touche
does there exist a pre edit or an
original edit of Star Wars before the
same I've seen bits and pieces there
there's yeah there's chunks I don't know
of shirts in the Lucasfilm vault
somewhere there's more it's more what's
known as people explaining telling
stories yeah well that was they had some
examples of like scenes from when Luke
was talking to obi-wan for the first
time yeah oh there's there's bits that
are out there I'm assuming they're like
Lucasfilm approves right like you can
show this but that's a there are
specific examples of the flat editing
oh I'd also like to note that a horrible
glory says the blood Shack was also
saved by editing yeah so yes the answers
in blood check have editing it did they
put in more rodeo oh that's true that
was edited to include more rope and
that's how it was
Oh
and somebody really awesome trails
people right and just likes flips and
rocket Jets and the ball is great it's
fun this game is it this game is a
joyous cacophony yes yes accompany yes
the trooper edited bloodshed makes a lot
of sense that's why he cut himself out
so he could still be the cheaper because
the trooper still exists but spoilers oh
sorry
the tuber is real come on Biff with
Tannen what like I thought you had it
okay time taggings again someone see
what happens when you end it yeah hasn't
happened yet see what you can do to make
that happen ollie you know I understand
you won win hmm this is this is this is
for science what's four cents what's
happening time in fact I mean you want
to win the game
we're investigating oh we sure you can't
you can't you have to try yeah yeah we
can't cheese it no cheese in it
you were throwing yourself on the bullet
that wasn't there yeah well somebody
could've came in sure so we're just
gonna grab it
I got some jumping yeah it's not oh oh
oh my god oh geez
some of that I almost needed it was it
bit more judicious be more jumpy oh my
god yeah fucking boom fucking bow my god
oh my god oh my god predator there I saw
my opening it's true it's true
he's true
Oh what happened there this is this is
some serious offense here god damn it
Oh rescued by Merrill house now missus
get a ball pass it over to death my
poodle's my poodle fastbacks on rich mr.
schat's welcome then playing a playing
save on this is jaws well known for his
tactics in rocket soccer I just don't
know if I could talk for that long in
that voice yeah right or just like with
that and the like the if you've ever
listened to a like what you're saying
like an eSports outcast or whatever I
have such enthusiasm to 100% of that I
can't be that excited about anything for
too long right you know think about we
might have run out of conversation might
be time to wrap up
might be just time to wrap up are you
sure are you sure are you absolutely
sure
I mean you can just what happens to be
here and play more if you quarter after
10 so we've been streaming for about
three hours
hold on I'm gonna I'm gonna read
subscribers first and then we will make
a decision mm-hmm horrible glory
man earnest get Khan I'm at least oh ok
earnest Khan
Tom Lewandowski tired and sad all impt 4
or IMT for Kahua puffs
zan of Ben Timothy Sinclair no no fear
no Envy star hauls and dung at Lee thank
you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it someone else
needs to say it's true

