Dec 16, 2015
Bloodborne
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/39769930
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/39772559
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/39774715
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/39776760
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5864QjsObs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4fz5700XFE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kb4INYuy58w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoFRXzZe8kM
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/677226395391696896

[Part I]
actually like work to do so we're just
gonna sit her for an hour why are you
doing your work well it's not an hour
like I have to I have to send an email
oh my god so we're gonna wait until we
can confirm or deny whether or not we're
streaming I think that's important hmm
nobody nobody listens that's that little
thing no to us and sauce they'll just
they'll just chat really they do most of
the time I think the chat just goes and
does its own thing and every once in a
while they're like oh that's right we're
what times movie dick starting exactly
watch Star Trek tonight oh yeah whoa
that's great yeah I know keep him
entertained for a second Oh oh my god so
jakka's has left me abandoned me to the
stream hello hello I guess there's uh
has some to do at the El Gato or whatnot
the larger delay than normal so uh I
have no idea what the fuck you're gonna
be talking about once you actually hear
me say this right now you looks like
you're just just noticing that the
stream has has started and I hope your
hope you're having a nice night tonight
who's that
tiny turnip thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated I don't think he's
gonna say it unless he can't hear me
saying it he's too busy sending out his
fucking email well I'm just gonna
awkwardly sit here not not playing
blood-borne that's what I'm gonna do yep
the clickbait video was fucking awesome
thank you leftover beefcake I thought it
was kind of amazing more amazing that it
had any right to be
mr. shy smile thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it we just pretend
Jack said that 14 months in the realms
your shy smile that's something that's
something and hello Draco sixteen months
in a row thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
and well Morris coming up I say the name
I'll say it I can't see guess I can't
say it looking for on the chat the chats
go say things caesarean part you got
Helldivers hep to the stream and you're
playing it right now oh my god how do
you how do you love Helldivers I don't
know what to play I got blood-borne DLC
and I got Helldivers last last week or
so Helldivers has been winning the
battle but they're both great things no
fear no envy and purple space bazooka
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciated Star Wars Star Wars is not
out until a couple days technically
around midnight so go tomorrow
here's the deal with Star Wars obviously
I've already seen it and the big spoiler
is that Darth Vader is not Luke
Skywalker's father after all they have a
paternity test in the movie and it turns
out that that it's actually Chewbacca is
Darth Vader's son
no nothing all right seriously though
about Star Wars The Force awakens
because there are reviews coming out and
there are potential spoilers mods please
just ban anybody that wants to spoil a
Star Wars if anybody starts talking
about spoilers now here's your warning
please don't even joke about it because
right now next to nobody has seen the
movie and we can't tell the difference
between real spoilers and fake spoilers
so anybody wants to even try and pretend
to spoiling the movie just get rid of
Montana silence them for the night and
that'll be a perma ban but I think I
think just for everybody's benefit no no
Star Wars spoiler Eska talk Jack could
you could you place police say it's true
we really do about seven times
it's omit one it is true we really do
for whatever rich said absolutely it's
absolutely true I
permabanned for people even joking about
Star Wars spoilers because we can't tell
the difference between what's real
spoiler and what's a joke right now we
get you know that might be a little
harsh but I'll go with it rich it's too
important to too many people especially
the people who would watch us sure sure
you will have seen the whole movie on
Monday thanks to the internet that's
basically true and and so it's like for
those of us who care about like watching
the movie and you know experiencing it
we just have to not be on the Internet
here's my whirligig saw I almost read a
review just because of where it was at
and like what the forgiveness of I'm
Roger Ebert's website really and I'm
like ghost Roger Ebert isn't that
reviewing movies what the fuck is this
and then I noticed you know I heard
different writers name oh I guess
they're just utilizing his corpse his to
make internet reviews okay they're
utilizing his brand then I almost
started reading a lot wait a minute I
can't do that
so so like carte blanche anyone even
jokes about spoilers yeah they're gone
for at least the night which is bad for
the night not a permabanned obviously
but just gone for the night yeah
somebody might think they're being so
silly that no one could possibly believe
it uh-huh there's no chances yeah okay
that's them's the rules
everybody would have thought you were
nuts if you said well the force is just
microbes in your blood I just saw
episode one and the force is uh you know
like little robots in your blood you can
actually do a blood test for it and if
you're real you're nuts
I'll stop mowing the lawn now yes you've
got this fancy DLC and yeah fancy saws I
got that I got so so here's the weapons
I've I spilled a little bit here's the
weapons I've been running is the
whirligigs saw is my heavy and Simon's
bow blade as my main weapon and I've
been super strong leveling both my skill
and my blood tinge for example at which
against the giant beasts makes me
unstoppable it's it's actually a little
harder when it's like the one-on-one
Hunter battles yeah
but like I went up against the one
reborn and if anyone's fought the one we
reborn that is a fucking hard fight yeah
beat him first try first nice fucking
try and you know like true now I know
all of his moves I know the gimmick but
I beat him first fucking try see you
shoot up a lot how often are you firing
the bow pretty often
how much Quicksilver quick quick quick
I've drawn a fucking name right I think
it's quick silver bullets well how much
does it consume how much ammo just one
just one just one see that's nice just
one per shot and then you know I usually
do the the blood um you charge it like
the heavy attack you can and if an
enemy's back is turned away from you and
you hit him with that charged attack
yeah it stuns them so you can go in you
can jump in for a quick visceral attack
nice so it makes dealing with them
enemies a lot easier
but uh right now where I am I'm gonna
fuck around on the DLC a little bit but
actually I wait no I before I forget I
want to head to the workshop where's the
workshop oh yeah because uh I only have
one umbilical cord and I want that I
want that name specs port and Sharks
pier 14 months in a row thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
it's true really but I'm not gonna read
donation things if they're Star Wars
boilers even as a joke alright so that's
that's our that's the one downfall okay
okay I can't I can't mic and read from
here this suppose you put it in your
mind Harry flash man BC says rich is a
lovely soul and Jack needs to tell me
his steam name
- mage says something Mike's not
reaching enough to just paraphrase just
paraphrase to cleanse my sins for
breezes next week
I must confess a little while ago in the
chat we talked about Bucky burns my
brain got confused with Jimmy Olsen and
showed a pic of his head blown off
for okay so first of all oh oh yeah oh
by the way yes this is I just saw this
is Ethel guilt this is the FL GILF
character that I that I was streaming
awhile ago here's here's my current
level I'm super pumped up 100 level 106
oh my god skill 40 blood-tinged 28 like
any and now all of my points are going
into Blount in my steam name is harlech
you can't friend me right now because my
friends are full
i I should just go in coal anybody who's
been like well over a year hasn't logged
into steam that's probably good I just
get rid of them that's probably a good
idea I have a backlog of friend requests
thank you by the way I actually just got
gifted a bunch of trading cards thank
you whoever did that so now I can get
get a higher level where the fuck is
this umbilical cord are you in the the
old hunters okay go to the desk straight
ahead you might have already picked it
up you might be missing another one I
thought was on there it could be in that
cabinet behind you oh oh I probably
already picked it up so there's this one
there's the one the prostitute gives you
and then there's the one that the
nursemaid gives you okay I already got
this one okay great then everything's
fine everything's fine and so
second one Bucky Barnes and Jimmy Olsen
what I don't know he got he got the to
confuse the to sidekick characters who
saw it makes a little bit of sense yeah
do you remember do you remember when the
joke used to be nobody comes I mean
nobody in comics stays dead except for
Bucky and Uncle Ben do you remember that
used to be the joke was that the joke
Bucky stayed dead
Bucky and Uncle Ben now it's just Uncle
Ben yeah yeah is it wait did Bucky come
back in the comics Winter Soldier is
that a comic thing I don't know thanks
friend represent yeah I guess I guess
Winter Soldier spoilers Oh quick
somebody banned me right I don't know if
I I don't know if my level is high but
it feels like Ethel Gill fear is way out
of way higher level than my other
character who I've beaten the game with
so here I'm in the the nightmare of
menses
I don't know if you've been here yet
so I'm probably spoiling some things but
it's fucking it's a this is the most
fucked-up place because if I do you see
this do you see the enemies over here
hey let me get my monocle so you guys
can see this because this is awesome
this is so cool so there is a giant
creature in this castle and what you'll
see over here check this out do you see
these enemies like these bad guys hiding
behind a rock yeah they're hiding from
the big boss in the castle because check
this out if I get too far away here oh
oh shit hey dude
I didn't know your backs yeah I'm just
trying to show you the cool thing that
happens over here I'm gonna see if I can
push him off a cliff oh well fuck it
anyway there's this monster that turns
that gives everyone frenzy and so even
the other enemies are hiding behind
rocks okay because he oh fuck you huh
why didn't you heal I don't want to
waste the blood vials I didn't do
anything there yeah I didn't do anything
fuck him that's fine everything's fine
you are literally spoiling the end of
the game of this oh I suppose yeah sure
I'm I want to say that this has been out
long enough for Oh Anna do you have my
blood echoes it's only five 500 is that
them that was okay great
it is only five thousand but still I'm
literally spoiling the end of the game
now so spoiler warning this is the end
of it this is the last ish level and I'm
trying to be more complete this time
like I finished the game without fully
exploring this castle do you hear that
yeah do you hear the baby crying fucking
love it so I'm gonna boss fight right
now so heads up I'm gonna be moving fast
these guys fuck them don't need to fight
them
we're fighting Mikkel a host of the
nightmare there they are so good I just
Anna made design visual enemy design
aren't they absolutely look at my
collage by the way this guy with one of
those fucking cages on his head yeah if
I can I love him now and all these
skeletons have like marionette strings
on their hands cuz nickel ash is
controlling them oh my god right just
right away but that was I mean that was
that was pitiful I was shameful
I I'm sorry that happens I'm okay with
that
Jack banned Jack banned for spoiling
blood-borne absolutely sorry for
spoiling the game I'm yeah I told you I
was playing we will have a spoiler
filled Star Wars talk after we see it
and after you know enough time has
passed but not tonight it's not even out
yet and settle down everybody probably
suggestion there's not a whole shitload
of Star Wars games we probably missed
the trolley tonight okay that's fine
I'm glad usually you're so against the
streaming game I am stream that I'm the
one who's like yeah it's fine I do I
hate it I like it
the the performer in me you know says
something new something different
something new but like then we play
something new one we're bad at it
because we never played exactly one of
the stream just like oh that's a
terrible well yeah but it's like the
gamer and me just I just want to play
blood-borne I want to explore this
castle because I never got to explore it
my last playthrough and I'm here now and
then playing some other games so mikolaj
runs around for a little bit and that
eventually ends up in the room he went
to the room first thing last time you
can hit him a little bit here but you
just got to follow him why don't use
your bow blade hit him in the back we
shot our life he'll just disappear like
hitting him here look see just vanishes
it does a little bit of damage but
Oh fuck-you Skellington Jack Skellington
yeah there we go go into your room
nickel wash Jack Hayes healing huh Jack
hates he'll uh he'll when it's time
ceiling listen get in here I know this
boss fight so it's like he conjures the
skeletons here Wow oh fuck you move I
know I'm doing terribly but that's fine
okay so you skill kill the skeletons I
switch the diet coke because that's
what's in the fridge right now yeah yeah
I'm there's no thought behind it what
are you normally a Diet Pepsi err oh
yeah okay I know they switch the
aspartate or whatever whatever this
mine's fine gobbledygook says rich did
you know the 1985 New Coke formula was
the formula for diet coke with corn
syrup instead of aspartame oh and DC
Universe Online yadda yadda ps4 again ah
daddy had a fucks I I did not know that
mmm that is very interesting I did you
know what I was looking into DC online
universe we might be able to have some
fun with it on stream
okay wow that was just his first one so
so then what you're supposed to do and
or what I did the first time is is
basically this whole thing is amazed
right and so you know you're you're
confused and you have to find him again
but I know where to find it now so up
the stairs around the corner run past
two midget Knights I've got him don't
get hit by the guys one arrow cuz it
takes away a lot of damage you could
murder them but fuck it that takes time
okay and then he's up there but he's
gonna disappear again because he goes
into a magic mirror oh no where did he
go and then like this area over here is
another maze but I just know where to go
because I've done this fight a million
times
I fucking love blood-borne it's fucking
it's my favorite game ok so then it goes
in here
it's trap you can't get in so there's my
right right and I'm sure your skill
isn't the greatest
ok I got shit
okay yeah blood tinge is really
important for a fuck you fuck you fuck
you is really important for
again
we need a different coordinate fucker is
that good now so as as I was saying
dammit
yeah I think I think the prom in
blood-borne is that you can't be I see
you man versatile with the weapons right
you can't just play around with the web
you can't die like you can't really just
switch to something new because you're
encouraged to build for a specific
weapon or a specific type of weapon like
right I've put all my points to
strengthen skills for the Ludwig's blade
yeah and soon I really can't use the bow
blade because my blood tinges at 7 it
discourages versatility in the once
again you can't switch you can't you
can't play with that new toy you just
found you're not supposed to it
encourages just playing the game again
you just start over rich and it's fine
you just start a whole new game and make
a whole new build I agree with that also
on my second playthrough here and then
and after after I got this weapon and
started building towards it the world
became a lot smaller if that makes any
sense like I am making my way through
levels a ton faster one because I know
how to get through them yeah and two
because this weapon is fairly powerful
and so my first play through the game
you know it was just this vast scary
universe and now it's like how actually
this level is kind of small you know oh
you know like maybe what made it seem so
big is the fact that it was taking me so
long I still think this big that's a big
forest and that's fucking Forbidden
Forest is comically large you know not
really
oh good anything I think I just think
that's wrong that's a huge area it's
it's big-ish but it it feels smaller
because because I know my way around you
know I consider it a failure if I take
any damage during this first encounter
with him I want to let you know that
okay cuz it's very easy how many times
have you played this wait what blah blah
through to the end
just once once through to the end and
now this is my second you know
so this is my second playthrough like I
guess like I've played I've started
another character once but didn't get
very far
Nicolai user two seven seven two two one
says
I want to dip Rich's balding head into
oil and to rub it all over whatever okay
yeah yeah whatever you said things too
weird
I was heard to ride the ride do not read
comments yeah you know what you read it
the creep factor is just way too high
and that particular one huh I know it's
supposed to be I know it's supposed to
be joke but it's just it's just creepy
you know what I you know what I will
read it here okay yeah I think you know
okay I want to Deb Rich's balding head
uh-huh
possible
Oh oh my my court yeah you got to stop
moving that thing around sure
Huck that's that's the thing that's the
hard one to dodge you know what I need
to do I need to be smart about this
wait rich talk with oh you're my quarter
again yeah back there we go we're gonna
just change this Court I think we need a
new just a new part yeah yeah problem no
I mean I mean I guess what I mean to say
is absolutely we'll get it you and your
court yeah yeah
I demand Nicole we will get you a new
card we will get I mean I'm sure we have
a new court here like it's not even like
it's not even like we have to buy you a
new cord I don't but I basically I don't
think I can bend forward to read
messages anymore well that's fine I'll
do it
you guys will get a close-up of my head
it'll be good why did I come here I'm
such a dummy rich I need more arcane
defense is what I mean
speaking of anonymous says here's
somebody who could buy more eggs
oh so rich have you played Final Fantasy
Tactics nope you probably liked it so
much it's not the standard which I know
you just like it's the it's like a
tactics okay okay great I don't know why
I came here
people like their final fantasy they're
very fond of it they're very fond of the
final fantasy universe that is true that
is very very the doll clothes actually
have really good okayand defense was I
just seeing things
oh no the Dom poems have really good
blood defense or oh that's the Knights
garb where the dollar clothes for a
second see the dog clothes have really
good blood defense that's the noble
dress but one down or more stop blows oh
no dolls have nothing they have frenzied
resistance but I mean even that's right
that's right okay I just need more
arcane defense which I think I have now
and I don't know why I came back here
render unto me thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we
really do a tea cuz I'm dying a single
hits with uh with that stupid which i
think is an arcane attack but I don't
even know look at that oh look at that
fanciful outfit look at look at that for
GILF now that's a I really like the yard
ghouls garb I like young being the ratty
old old I don't I don't think that fits
guilt
you'll FEMA Gulf guilty McGill no it's
what Felton fits me I like being a ratty
old monk that's what I play as I just
like the badass hat the father father
Gascoigne oh you sure s :
yeah I like that I love that hat yeah
that's right alright I like the hoods
like the hoods you know I like there's
only because they they have better
defense I got the old hunters like
floppy hat and it's like it's got ok
stats but it just looks ok fabric fabric
has a bit sbrick has a very important
question opinions on 1992's
mr. baseball none I've not seen it Tom
so it comes
I'm Selleck goes to Japan mm-hmm I'm
sure looking back on it it's actually a
very racist movie but for a second I
thought you're they were talking about
that that wasn't mr. 3000 the oh the
Bernie green act the Bernie Mac movies
pardon John partially you know it comes
out of retirement to get that last home
run hit because some the stat was
nullified right some reason for some
reason yep shot partially at Miller
Stadium mr. 3000 that's the only bit of
trivia that I care about
come on me coal ash don't run from me my
coal ash I love you I know there's more
- you're gonna have to wait until after
the my coal ash fight I'll get him my
name is Tate says we yes we are fond of
that Final Fantasy you like that shit -
lol fuck my cock getting sloppy Jax
slappy you know no that wasn't sloppy
that was greedy the Skellington was
right same fucking thing the same fuckin
thing
the Skellington was right in front of
him so I was like oh I could take out
the skeleton and get some hits on him
and yeah that was greedy is this game
open for bro op I know right now I want
to beat him by myself I I bro opt vicar
Amelia oh hey you're not supposed to
spawn more scaling things well you can't
tell him what to do he's the boss here
he you sorry you usually don't spawn
more scaling things he usually don't
come into his house and hit him with
swords you know what rich that is a
really fair point
that is a really really fair I'm sorry
Michael ash
this is actually my I'm the aggressor
here many apologies I think later I'm
gonna go into the deal nope I'm gonna go
into the dope and and there I'll
probably need some bro up because it's
new and scary new coal ash I can beat
and more importantly I want to beat LOL
fuck my cock damage oh gosh darn twice
oh heck
ah fucking midgets click seein you won't
be able to bro up with me again because
jack is like maybe maybe later like rich
you can mess around with my blade if you
want to check out the bow blade pretty
sick ass weapon I haven't even done
anything I've only been using it at the
Ford this time so far I've been using it
at that Ford I don't think we're going
to be doing a review of the DLC but it's
funny what board is a fun game what born
is a fun game I'm going for it for real
this time
you do that thing jack you do that thing
one that goes are behind you can give a
shit I don't
I voted towards it yeah I know you did
vol tubes cords and couldn't figure out
why that was I couldn't figure out why
you
I didn't dad oh god did you see the
trailer for Star Trek beyond that's
actually purple space bazooka thank you
for reminding me in in chat purple space
bazooka gave us a tip and wanted to know
if we saw the Star Trek car there you go
there you go oh my god what the fuck are
they doing oh I didn't want to trailer
you know why the last movie sucked why
do people why do people care oh they did
the music throughout the entire trailer
this Beastie Boys music really really
well that actually gets me excited whole
trailer is to the Beastie Boys which one
oh I don't remember we're all the same
to me now I said I love the busy boy no
listen here I meant where is the Star
Trek where is it you don't get it
anymore
there isn't a Star Trek trailer because
that's not Star Trek and then and more
importantly just why is anyone surprised
at anything start working on director
fast the furious and lots of things
blowing up yeah nothing Star Trek about
that right
no I didn't watch trailer because I
didn't care like I the first the Star
Trek the Star Trek was an alright movie
the second one blew hard Thank You Pete
Nino's there is no message
and so there is no there is just no
reason for me to care and sbrick says
opinions on Monkey Island I've actually
never played it that's right you cuz you
don't leave I was a Sierra adventure
game guy more so than a LucasArts one
right I like typing in what I did right
and yes I see in the chat I am over
leveled and underperforming I am there's
no there's no um I'm not gonna sugarcoat
this that's the streaming curse part we
always do some percentage worse when
streaming it just always happens whoa he
is not supposed to go up there
part of its that I I did die to him a
few times just on my own but you know
sometimes that happens with a boss I am
like really trying to not take any
damage with him you know like I'm
playing I'm playing him I'm trying to
play him cool words like I'm really
going for that Perry and yeah but uh
that's my proud number that the new Star
Trek trailer it looks like a Star Trek
movie for people who don't like Star
Trek that's how I would describe it I've
not been like all of them I would argue
there was still nostalgia from the first
one
sure okay I guess I can give you them
these fuckers ha
how do you people magically know their
level Jack showed everybody the started
the stream it's true I could show you
again - he's a hundred and six one
hundred and six a hundred and six levels
young what what and I have an absurd
amount of points in skill which this
weapon would be called levels well with
so I should be murdering him far easier
than I am
what what level do you have to me to
have everything at fifty what I mean how
long would that take to get the level
fifty in every category no you can go
beyond that but there's very little game
hmm
I mean it would probably take a while to
have everything at fifty yeah Oh God you
can use whatever the fuck weapon you
wanted what a make a difference that
would take so much grinding yeah I'm a
New Game+ it would be that bad you get a
lot more blood echoes New Game+ I'm
never sick fuck you and make a wish
waiting for his attack
see I was waiting for his tanning pills
attack and then he didn't do that so
then I chose to heal and he do that now
and streaming curse yep happens I don't
know I don't care about Star Trek
anymore after into darkness that
franchise can just go right at the
movies well sure but like I was
optimistic that this show will probably
be bad too but I guess there's hope yeah
I don't know I don't give a fuck about
anything anymore I don't give a fuck
about anything anymore it doesn't have
to say Star Trek on it as long as
there's good sci-fi somewhere right hey
look it's like I'm playing health I
think I started on Netflix watching
mm-hmm get it I get it
together I get it it's been long I'd
never do that because it's stupid I love
start a little spin cycle anyway go
ahead I've started on nothin question
that was coupled 100 sure yeah I've seen
that I haven't I I've seen the name I
have not seen it interesting premise
though all of the kids we're supposed to
the main characters are kind of
obnoxious but the premise is interesting
enough
Caesarion farts wants to know ETA on
space cop DVD blu-rays
where it's out of our hands we're
waiting we want them as fast as we can
we're waiting on the physical copies to
get back to us from the people who are
actually printing out the discs yes
everything no official word as soon as
there is official as soon as we can but
it's just out of our hands right now
yeah you you will know the very second
yes J or Mike knows their very second if
they come in at 3:00 in the morning you
will know we're gonna spend the day
doing nothing but packaging orders is
what we're what's what's gonna happen
absolutely this game's gonna be more
than one day hopefully we kind of kind
of horrible if it wasn't right dicks
I don't like how much health I've lost
our game is upsetting to me
all so I'm gonna have to go farm for
some blood vials now I just I just hope
the copies come in like literally the
night of a stream you know why why cuz
then we could say they're coming out
tomorrow oh my god I was known for that
to actually happen they're not here yet
though they're not here yet though
they are actually not here but that
would be whole yes it would if we could
say it's coming out tomorrow and it's
coming out tomorrow and it's actually
coming out tomorrow that would make that
hold your joke worth it okay Nicole ash
all right no more farting around here no
more cesarean farting around oh the
other part of that was um it won't be a
digital download right away are we
planning are we planning on watching
more Neil Breen movies cesarean part
says and have we seen any of his
crowdfunding videos I think I saw one of
us crowdfunding videos as far as will
there be more most likely most likely I
I have not seen any of his crap don't we
don't actually pick out the movies we
watch that far in advance so but there's
a high probability we'll want to do more
Breen at some point Oh a very high
probability
Hey
can you read that anonymous says he is
he did not receive his copy of the Star
Wars Holiday Special
West last Christmas he wants it over
does that mean if he's naughty or nice
no that means someone loves you
yep someone somewhere loves you because
they don't want you to go through that
Santa actually intercepted the package
he's like right say I can marry you
dickhead maybe you should shoot him when
he's doing the charge that arcane attack
bad idea
what you were right there
I love how it uses the standard
barehanded tax though he's got his fists
together
oh well just a little bit of it
fuck that attack fuck that attack trip
dodging back huh maybe he's got me every
way
fuck that attack did you guys actually
ship all those copies of a Star Wars
Holiday Special during the last
Christmas episode yes yes we actually
shipped all of those copies and Star
Wars Holiday Special
most to George Lucas himself yeah we
shipped them all to George shipped them
all to George we found we found his home
address shipped them all to George it
was great
one more one more try and I gotta do
some uh some blood vial farming oh my
god you're down to seven yeah I can do
this I feel like I can do this I feel
that with seven blood vials yeah sad
brick I'm sorry we have a we have a
$2.00 we have a $2.00 us answer your
questions lemon I'm sorry say brick I'm
just gonna say yes without having seen
the game just yes I don't I talked about
this last room did I tell you finished
man in the high castle yep really great
that's a that's a great show I really
enjoyed it
front to back I can't root for anybody
huh I can't root for anybody that's kind
of the point I think I think I think
that's kind of a thing get away from
your Skellington
if you stay close and dodge to the side
he won't use that big spell
oh he exclusively uses it as a ranged
attack oh that's good to know so you
gotta be you gotta you gotta I always
keep in mind when I play these games
that they designed these games around
aggression right that is your natural
instinct against a huge powerful bosses
to back up yeah
and they they exploit that to to punish
people who back up you want to be right
by their fucking legs right you're
playing it wrong yeah
well it's $2 total jack hahaha plus he
did he did donate to earlier okay so you
know what say well so say brick
this one says we're worse than fucking
cam whores yeah I actually I want to say
we just are cam whores oh yeah we have a
camera
how long did we resist the cam how long
did we resist Oh over a year but so say
opinions on Leisure Suit Larry games /
Beastmaster movies
that's a weird / that is a weird such I
can only imagine that they're not the
same thing but I think it's two
questions Leisure Suit Larry I played
the first one I liked the first one a
lot me and Jack streamed the second one
oh and it wasn't quite as much at a bad
time stream in that which was sad for me
cuz that was the last parser Sierra game
that I hadn't played okay sucks as far
as the beastmaster goes I've never seen
the Beastmaster movies I like the one I
was five but I don't know if I would
like it as an adult I'm gonna say no I'm
gonna assume no but I've just never seen
those Beastmaster movies is that is that
the movies were like no that's Animorph
she's got at least two pet ferrets that
are cute and I like them I've never seen
it it's like he-man okay Ian and meets
Conan you get you get beastman there
Beastmaster whatever the fuck his
fucking name is
back up back up back up back heel heel
stay close heel and stay close
what are you doing you just wanted to
beat him with the boat that's what's
going on isn't it isn't it huh
I tell you saw my opportunity I saw my
opportunity right I had him I had him
with a cup of bowl shots you almost
threw that away
you almost I got it that's all that
matter because I got it with the bow
super super super supe so now I can have
a menses cage is the really important
part I can have the cage on my head if I
want which is ridiculous which is great
okay not fun of anything that makes me
look goofy yeah oh yeah it makes movie
yeah I'm personally not fun of that sure
whoo okay great
King vidiots says I have a bunch of
great it'sh locky movies on VHS that I
have yet to watch like Roadhouse shunned
and blind motherfuckin fury watch blind
fury that's one of my favorite action
movies period ha ha ha favored B action
movie is one of my favorite action
movies period blind fury is awesome and
I am a huge fan of Roadhouse like Swayze
ripping people's throats out is the
crannis Roadhouse is awesome ok great
turbo Jesus 5000 thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do know
so now that I've beaten my coal ash when
I explore this castle a little bit see
what's I think I want to say last time I
just went you know I went right to the
to the enemy
oh here's some shit you want ironed or
key that's fun that's fun but I think
yeah I think that's fun yeah this is so
much fun
Roadhouse is great watch Roadhouse I've
never seen blind fury I've heard rich
talk about blind fury oh wow love-life
fury J did the Roadhouse Super Cup yeah
of every person Patrick Swayze punches
or kills punches and put every fudge
face punch in Roadhouse every face punch
in Roadhouse and it's important super
cuts something we watched recently may
it may encourage Jay to do a different
type of super cut oh yeah that's just
enough that's a little little tease
right there that was that was just a tip
thanks thanks rich I'm just looking
around now exploring I think all this
going to okay so that's the arrow okay I
should like that lamp so when are you
going to stream Jedi Knight mysteries of
the Sith you get to fight oh rancor and
play as Mara Jade I don't give no fucks
about Mara Jade fuck her Mary Jane Mary
Jane one of the expanding universe
characters some you know what something
I cut out of the review for battle front
that I thought was a really good point I
really struggle with keeping it in was
your question of how come we've never
gotten a 3d Star Wars game where you get
to play as Luke Scott yeah yeah I
thought that was a really interesting
point people are gonna bring out because
they're they're anal you got the
playable is multiplayer and Jedi Academy
we're not talking about we're talking
about like an actual game starring Luke
in the 3d era and like a single-player
experience like you get to like yeah
waggle around your lightsaber and defeat
as Luke Skywalker cuz there's a good
waggle your lightsaber game the Jedi
Knight engine I'd - especially - hmm
really fun gameplay
hi dick you know in general like and we
streamed that bit where we got to just
play as Luke Skywalker in battlefront
that was kind of neat where I go away go
away go fuck fuck you're gonna keep me
up blunts and rebels strike you play as
Luke for half of it all right I never
played rebels strike do you get to run
around with your lightsaber or is it is
that just a flying game or is that just
yeah there's a just an x-wing game
like they've never done something like
Jedi Knight style starring lose this my
big dumb
my big dumb saw
like like that shadows of the Empire
game that started the new character from
the book - render I don't even remember
that oh you know I heard that was
actually really good that's a mind wants
us to talk about the Ninja Turtles
Batman crossover
oh I haven't read it but it looks great
I I think only issue one is out but I've
heard really good things I am planning
on reading that I like Freddie Williams
I like Batman like Ninja Turtles it's
just I'm never gonna come bookstore
anymore I fell out of comics not you
rich that was mine either way either way
it's fine fucker whoo
fahriye I got it now it's meat looking
enemies in these games looks great
big pot belly weird fucking mask on his
face he's great he's got these little
like tiny Knights with them always white
beer fetus thank you subscribing really
appreciate is get out it that's great
be careful some kind of Christian now
it's gonna come gunning for you some
more like that so Christian that
carefully babies saving girls I'm I'm
born babies he was saving once they're
born they're on their fucking home I'm
not paying for it
thank you I've labeled babies fucker man
fuck them I mean don't fuck him yeah
yeah you know what I mean
am I going lost that's fine I'll find my
way I don't care what your political
views are but I mean if you're if you're
going to be pro-life should probably
also be pro food stamps just saying I'm
adding nothing to this conversation
riches all its riches treadin dangerous
water yeah okay he's done great did you
ever play the Force Unleashed it wasn't
Luke but close enough and really fun to
play I didn't play because I'm not a God
of War fan and I heard that was very
much like God of War only Star Wars oh
really
yeah that could be neat the Force
Unleashed these are all games we should
be playing right now Bob fuck it
but fuck it I'm just making sure I
didn't miss any pick-me-up items now
that the skeletons are all gone
so this is the fun part a flood barn hey
you're gonna die yes yes reiterate for
anybody to just walk in recently one day
ban on anybody who wants to talk about
Star Wars The Force awakens spoilers
even if you're joking because we don't
know what's Joker not at this point
right so no even joking about Star Wars
tray spoilers anyone I don't know if
anyone has been banned yet because if
they're banned obviously I probably
wouldn't see him but that is the rule
for today don't even joke about spoilers
second guada says consume obey consume
that's a good movie what level is Jack
he's a hundred and six I can I can show
you here's here's all my stats this is a
ethyl guilt this is the eye I want to
say I
we built this character together on
stream yep a while ago and I've been
playing with our real licker level 106
you'll notice my oh yeah there she is
hot Air's ethyl interesting other than
skilled oh you leveled pretty evenly
well that's how I that's how I've been
playing but then I found this weapon
yeah and I so I've been really upping
the skill and blood tinge so I've been
doing those are maroons damage reduction
boost stamina more echoes from slain
enemies stay in stamina recovery speed
up
that's uh that's how I roll I think I
got everything from any air so now we
can move on I think there's something
else in here there's like a way if you
put any kind of spoiler in the donation
message perma ban then because I don't
want any spoilers before I see the damn
movie
I even see the word Star Wars in a
donation thing then I'm just not really
good if I see the word Star Wars rey
finn han choo i'm just gonna stop and
chew even if it like it could be related
waited but I'm stopping achoo
that is very funny there is in here in
here somewhere somewhere in the depths
here is the blood rock that you need to
get to to get any weapon to level 10
what do you think of Sony signing Hideo
Kojima Productions - their first game ah
da I don't was there any question that
the man wasn't gonna get a job somewhere
else it's not like he started sucking
relative to our opinions on Metal Gear
right but I mean you know so a person
that has a huge fan base Sony wants to
make money making games and he will make
them money making games you might spend
a lot doing it but not not shocked at
all oh god I'm we're more shocked is
that he didn't do a Kickstarter campaign
to make it himself that's what I'm more
shocked at yeah that's what I was
expecting that was a chunk I was
expecting the you can make the the next
of the ultimate Metal Gear experience oh
yeah in here down here let's see if we
can see anything how do I feel about the
white sox trading for Todd Frazier i
think i think the white sox need to
focus on the goddamn farm system their
farming they need to farm it needs a
farm you helped us very long just so you
know oh I know I'm debating you know I
have it I think I'm close to having
enough to level up and so I'm just kind
of treading some thing I'm supposed to
do over here mg LOC yeah you can respect
Kojima for not doing a kick start I'm
just saying I'm shocked he didn't he
could have made millions of dollars and
done whatever with it oh yeah I guess
I'm only shocked because
I didn't think that highly of him like I
really thought that yeah he would he I
really thought he was the kind of person
I'm not I wouldn't even think lowly of
them for it if you can get away with it
alright not I guess yeah not I know I
don't want to say like he's a as long as
you actually fucking deliver and you're
not scamming someone I ok with
Kickstarter I know you know a lot of
people around these parts don't agree
with me on this I know that unless
you're unless you're double-dipping like
some people did and that was kind of
shady yeah yeah I remember now being
shady about it I don't care dude your
Kickstarter oh I get it I get it I
remember I remember it Kenny Williams
doesn't farm Kenny William likes to go
for the big name and that kind of what
he's historically done is this guy he's
behind my size right now he was there GM
for a while ok
I'm going to level up and then I got to
go farm for some blood vials and then I
think we're gonna get to get to a neat
part wearing it to a weird part that's
on the x-men apocalypse and Independence
Day resurgence trailers haven't seen
either I don't really have any interests
in Independence Day because I didn't
especially love the original movie I
have fond memories of the original movie
and I'm not a big x-men fan in general
so I haven't seen either trailer um I
have I'll talk about them good yeah so
III it's been a while since I've seen
Independence Day but I remember it I
remember it fondly as schlock simple
schlock it's alright no I had I'm sorry
at all
I'm sorry listen I had a thing that I
wanted to hear and this one looks like
very similar schlock the fun the fun
thing or the the dumb fun thing is you
know I guess they have a bigger ship now
I get whatever I'm sorry darling yeah I
know let me stand close my eyes I'm
actually really close to another closer
to another level
Kenny loves to draft athletes to develop
them into baseball players and trade
pieces for and and trade them for
players past their prime yeah apparently
that's a thing that happens I gotta go
um I'm just doing some farming right now
people don't mind me doing some farming
some blood vial farming and the best
place to get blood vial set is central
yarm ins where you do your farm and yard
farming and yarm and I think that was
purposeful probably not
Oh x-men apocalypse as everyone knows
here I wasn't actually a huge fan of the
Days of Future past movie
I was really dumb and I I've always
thought that Bryan Singer has been
unable to direct action very well I
don't think he's a good action director
I think he's a good director and I like
movies that he's made but I don't think
he does action very well and so I think
I'm not gonna like this one is my
official prediction it looks hokey
apocalypse looks like he's wearing big
styrofoam and rubber armor and how else
do you do Apocalypse exactly exactly
well you know is that lesson you're just
don't do apocalypse
also to be fair by the way I feel the
same way about Thanos I think fan OHS
looks dumb I just think he looks dumb I
think that there are some I think I've
said it before but the Benno's one of my
favorite characters in all of comics oh
I know but I think there are some things
that don't translate well to movies and
I think it looks dumb I'm sure he's
gonna be fine I'm sure he's gonna be a
fine character and I'm sure his
character is gonna get me over how dumb
he looks he looks dumb you know what he
looks like he looks like fan OHS but I
think that's something that that you can
get away with in drawings and and not
necessarily in a indie movies farming is
working out so well for you yeah well
these guys I just kill the kill because
sometimes I drop stuff but these guys
usually have a lot of good blood echoes
then there's another troll over here or
blood vials yeah I looked at three blood
vials right there three blood vials
right there then there's an ogre over
here he's gotten at least two usually
then there's another ogre down the steps
and he's got a couple Oh Gers are good
for my creature preachers a preacher
something you could adapt but nobody
will do it right because they'll be too
afraid to do it right subject matters
too controversial basically no no
producer is ever gonna let them shoot
God in the head at the end of preacher
I'm calling it the preacher show's gonna
have a pro God message at the end no
yeah oh yeah they're gonna they're gonna
do that I wouldn't go that I think they
will I think they will that's crazy for
him to do farming in yarman that's what
we're doing I feel like a big jerk right
now because I just boiled the fuck out
of preacher uh-huh I just boiled the
fuck out of preacher
oh you really did I really did I wasn't
even thinking about it just came out
uh-huh just don't listen to that last
five minutes here's here's the thing
though how how old is the preacher comic
book like a decade it's like a decade
old well past the moratorium for spoiler
it's a territory I always think that's
so funny like when the last season of
Game of Thrones was on don't spoil it
it's like the books have been out for
years
yeah people have known the ending for so
long and no but don't spoil it
we have a code here where's the
paradism who would you cast to play the
John Wayne in Jesse Custer's head ah
much much like the comics I would go out
of my way to keep that in silhouette I
don't know who I would cast but
obviously you're not gonna show a face
there
I shouldn't I still need to get those
books from here
that's preacher book yeah yeah you do I
want I want to read those I feel so bad
about spoiling that I mean I'm sure it's
I'm sure it's a good journey you know
what is a great journey it's not always
about the destination sometimes it's
about the journey Jan I'm I'm
legitimately sorry but why haven't you
read preacher by no it's been a decade
I'm just gonna go one more time through
sorry about the fireman everybody this
is I'm just farming revenge of Star Wars
spoilers in three Asian spoilers right
you know like we you made a joke you
made a Star Wars joke earlier about
Vader being Luke's father right but not
being his father tank technically that's
a spoiler right like it's a spoiler for
a 30-year old movie no no I said I said
the twist in the force awake
is that Vader's not Luke's father after
all right but paternity test in the
movie but that was spoiling that was
spoiling and this is all this is I'm
saying it's technically speaking that
was spoiling a 40-year old movie while
you're at it rich ruined why the last
man why the last man ruins a dissolve
it's a self ruining story
don'tdo dumped it on blood vials
do-do-do-do-do - blood vials
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo farming ogres
dropped a couple of blood vials now
suddenly everybody in the world was
going to read preacher suddenly well I
you know what I know there was a spike
in walking dead sales after the show
came on yep
but of course that was a good show who
knows if preacher is gonna be good or
not doo doo doo doo that guy's got some
Quicksilver bomb I could leave the room
I could ban myself for the night I get
it I get it
and the fun thing is I'm riches ride
home and so like he just he'll just have
to sit in the other room and twiddle his
thumbs so I kind of like them so I kind
of writ wait are you really going rich
all right um
so x-men apocalypse you know I think
that I don't know I think we've made
some strides with comic book movies
where were they're being taken a little
more serious and I think that uh the
hokey nosov x-men apocalypse yeah might
undo some of that I don't know if that's
fair like I said I just really didn't
like Days of Future past so
and I read x-men you know I like x-men I
like x-men comics we'll see kaylynn beep
I don't need to kill these guys I could
just run past them but they have
Quicksilver bullets and because I use
them with my bow just pick them up I
also like having a blood echoes where I
could buy a bunch of vials but you know
no one wants to buy blood vials take
five minutes farm a little bit and grab
a bunch of blood vials the part coming
up is something I've actually never done
before
I went straight to the boss and there's
a side route that uh apparently is where
the blood of stone is and I'd love to
get my bow blade to level 10 so I want
that blood stone
so why does Jack hate adverbs I don't
know
I don't understand what that comment
means
get rich black get rich back I I don't
know
rich rich spoiled the end a preacher so
I think he has banned himself
that's something so I have to leave to
you
that'd be great I will just leave the
camera here on Ethel look at that moon
this summer
Thun Thun Thun Thun Thun one grandma
tintin tintin is gonna fuck some shit up
didn't it in what's everybody's feeling
on Independence Day and by the way I am
I've always regarded it as just like a
fun fun shot like a movie much like the
rock you know everybody loves the rock
everybody should love the rock or face
off or they're not like amazing movies
but they're great they're great in their
own way you know the rock face off
Independence Day I put those all in very
similar categories as far as like a lock
and schmaltz is concerned so I don't
know yeah I guess I always looked
favorably upon those movies where we
going now without spoiling what are your
thoughts on the season one ending of men
and the high castle loved it I I really
I really enjoyed it I I was falling in
love with uber fewer mayor whatever his
name over for your Schmidt Smith I loved
I loved ever everything and I thought
there was a really competent show I
think Amazon has some thank you thank
you thank you for coming back my
unbanned Independence Day is a fun watch
very cliche and campy but if that's the
thing that's the thing about
Independence Day works like you get what
you get it
going in
they're not the start of we don't need
no story we can just do things with the
computers that we couldn't do before but
there's a story it's just incredibly
simple Wow the aliens come we got
stopped aliens this weekend we I would
use do big explosions that's all we need
yeah but I feel like that's what they
were going once that's that's I think
that's the moment when people Hollywood
started going bad it's Independence Day
you think yeah Rezac part started CGI
but that was early CGI there are still
used to having stories uh-huh I like
that I had this horrible

[Part II]
have we seen Rick and Morty yes I like
Rick and Morty i watch the first season
recording I'm okay with it
we're not loving it it's fine I love it
it's great I still don't like it more
than the Venture Brothers yeah if I
could love the vegetable it's fine it's
uh those eyeball ladies are coming up so
I'm upping my frenzy resistance by the
way thirty but before did you ever get
did you get this outfit no the the the
gravedigger it's like a gravedigger
often looks neat
and I call that hat I'm not even wearing
that
what is it the graveyard kilt was
something had more the graveyard killed
no just just hunt this trousers I'm okay
with this outfit how about Archer I
would put Archer under it's still good
like Archer I would put it under both
Venture Brothers and Rick and Morty hmm
like Rick amorta was a lot of fun I
incredibly tired of Rick's
burp talk I listen the these are the
things that bother me where it's just
like I I get it but it is just every two
seconds was like yeah I get it I get it
but I don't need to hear that all the
time is there some funny there were some
really fun bits in Rick and Marty though
so that's I like bizarre science stuff
yeah yeah there's a lot that's that's
quintessential brick and morning yes are
and dark I love dark humor
no I'm science yeah rekka party is right
up my alley it is that's fine it's
perfectly fine
it's sincerely insincere and for the
burps and the broom
no I actually I saw that episode you
were talking about where they were just
like flipping through like Universal TV
channels and now it's funny it's all
very funny everything's funny what am i
doing now do I remember I remember I
remember I remember I remember space cat
ever why haven't you seen the magic
brothers go see The Venture Brothers I
haven't seen The Venture Brothers either
where's that baby crying okay so here it
is here there's like this little secret
area where this takes it down right but
then oh I just lost a ton of blood
echoes whoops - dupes you gotta jump in
that window I can see that you know you
know you failed to jump in a simple
window you know what I didn't do it jump
in the window whoops the dupes farm
those guys oh yeah I know apparently
this is also a really good place to farm
where I am right now but I'm not doing
that right now I got I'm gonna go find
I'm gonna go see if I can find a blood
rock and see if I can get back my echoes
cuz I kind of want those rich how do I
get a feral cat to trust me enough so I
can bring it inside you have to pick up
a rock yeah and you have to keep hitting
it in the head until it trusts you do
not bring a feral cat inside it will not
like it
and it's probably rife with diseases
leave it alone so just keep hitting that
feral cat the head but oh I'll be fine
that isn't that is not good advice rich
nailed it nailed it
all right now here Jessie just yes
Metalocalypse is Preto
I would probably also put Metalocalypse
above Archer and it's not that I don't
like Archer right Metalocalypse is
graves they're all some very good
animated shows
don't you
oh there there those forget those those
things those ladies with the eyes that
shoot you with friends fucking hate them
fucking hate does but we got a bow and
arrow we got a bone motherfucking arrow
we don't worry about nothing anymore
hey hey friend where's my friend dear
resistance
oh oh a driver sedatives on me I do okay
let's go down I know not fucking fast
enough not fucking fast enough for my
taste
laters good badass that said I want
recently oh I've been watching the the
second season of Fargo do you kind of
get on Fargo man yeah and the the second
season Kirsten Dunst who's an actress I
have never much cared for I am talking
about Fargo the first season by the way
is honestly and literally perfect i I
haven't gotten to the better yet so far
it's good but I hate it like it's not
blowing me away yet Kirsten it's great
the whole thing the whole thing no no I
wasted that I wasted that no no you
won't be able but if you would like to
sit and talk probably turn the mic we
should probably turn your mic on if
you'd like okay
testing one two testing one two one two
J's got a bitch about something okay
I'm so pissed right now oh no wait
someone tweeted at me a little while ago
like maybe an hour ago okay and they
didn't just tweet text they tweeted me
an image with text on it so it's harder
to avoid a major fucking Star Wars
spoiler some fucking asshole
I hate Hanna I hate the Internet you
should have known to avoid the Internet
today and tomorrow
I assumed on my personal Twitter account
no one would be that big of a prick
Oh be naive but yeah who was it because
our fans can harass them I know I
blocked him or in Unum or whatever so
what a major spoiler so what is very
upset about that muscles fake it's
possible it's fake but either way I was
pissed
why would you do that your jerk is there
a jerk fun fact the Internet's full of
jerks that is very true fucking
jerk-offs so of dickhead did you have
frenzy resistance rooms
and probably be better than this I have
friends II resistance clothes and then I
just got taken out those brooms true you
can use oh oh fuck you're right well I'm
already in ok I'm already and there's no
turning back now
I learned a Fargo are you what some in
season two and what just happened the
mom oh I guess I don't want to spoil I'm
maybe like four episodes in okay four
episodes in love the casts yeah
everybody's great I'm a big fan of that
Jeffrey Donovan the oh yeah oldest son
he was on that spy show that I watched
also with Bruce Campbell also hadn't
gotten a Bruce Campbell yet on forego no
Bruce Campbell's no he's only in one
episode but it's great they have they
have teased Ronald Reagan Bruce everyone
knows Bruce Campbell plays Robin Wright
they've teased Ronald Reagan a lot but
we have not gotten to Ronald yet by the
way Jay when I started the stream first
thing I said host anybody who even wants
to joke about Star Wars spoilers band oh
that's smart yeah even joking even
joking because we can't tell at this
point yeah no idea that's the thing it's
like that image with text it looked like
a screenshot of like someone filming the
theater screen so I think it's legit but
either way what asks if you happen to be
watching the stream right now you can go
fuck yourself
this is the one this is the one thing
that scares us now is the tip thing
which we read and it's like is there a
spoiler in it we don't know they can't
send images though right not good at
least you'll you'll catch the word Star
Wars or recognizing no not to read all
the guitar player four one two three
says greetings from Chicago suburbs
yesterday was my 28th birthday
these eyeball monsters what are some
ways that I can live a more rich Evans
lifestyle in the coming year a more rich
Evans lifestyle yeah I'm just just stay
in the room and don't talk to anybody
ever
all interaction with other human beings
mm-hmm it never ends well interaction
with never ever ends well you know I
guess that's interesting advice rich and
I were talking about late 90s to early
ops hip hop I've been listening to that
quite a bit yeah more early 90s but I
have a Pandora station that I've been
listening to lately with like Arrested
Development oh yeah it's good stuff to
really listen to back then my brother
did I never really did well I knew it
through him but lately I've been
listening to it for some reason I was
talking to rich and I was like didn't
you ever go to like a high school dance
where they played nothing but that shit
and which is like I didn't want to see
people you know Touche well you know
high school there's like four people I
gave a shit about and largely there's
people I still talk to today I think I
was smart enough to know all the time
but everyone else in high school was
just a jag off but I was never going to
see again I went to prom I went to prom
once just cuz I felt like that was the
thing you were supposed to do okay I'm
in high school that'll be a memory and
we stayed for like five minutes and
loved it sounds miserable it's not fun
I like dancing let's see I'm not a big
fan of dancing anyways unless I'm really
drunk yeah well I was not actually drunk
I've really frowned upon that at high
school yeah but know that yeah prom for
five minutes and I'm like alright this
is it
let leave so then we loved how much and
how much did that cost at five minutes
oh god I don't even remember can you get
the dress Fame I know yeah it rented it
talks oh that was there something else
going on that night my date she there
was like a wedding so we went that of
someone she knew so we went to the
wedding reception after five minutes of
prom ah so then we I made use of the
fact that I had a suit on anyway I'm
doing the most bullshit chicken shit
tactic against these eyeball monsters so
what what you're seeing right now is a
very unexcited gameplay and I don't care
cuz I want to get past you that's what
I've decided
alright you do what you got to do
because past here I think there's a
horrible grotesque monster that I really
want to see I mean those are pretty
awful Cote has culture and Perkins space
cake house thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we really
do
Chakotay has culture that was my joke
one day that's his characterization he
has a culture yeah it's not a very
well-defined culture just generic tribe
he's trying he's trying and it's just
the laziest fucking characterization
ever and I hate him my father had a
spirit out of it I have one too his
culture we have a culture
look at this thing it's sings is that
the rock formation no that's that's a
monster that's on top of a lady's body
that's on top of a lady's body and it's
just a big thing of eyes and tentacles
oh that's cool and that cool I'm gonna
run past it cuz I'm scared though Boosh
penis
she following me no okay great great
all right everything's great again maybe
unless there's a giant spider I was just
normal
we're talking about Fargo every time off
Fargo Fargo's great yeah I think overall
I didn't I didn't like the second season
as much as the first when it started but
as it went along I grew to like it a lot
more okay good that's that's what I'm
hoping for cuz yeah I'm four episodes in
right now and it's just like it's fun
all the characters are fun it's just not
as engaging is that that first season
was perfect the first season is pretty
good I would need to re-watch it but I
mean Billy Bob he's yeah there there is
no Billy Bob type character in the
second season right so I don't know but
once you get past that I just think like
it's a stronger group of characters
overall okay
leftover beefcake wants to know how much
do we have to donate to get Jay to dance
on stream $5,000 what about that to
dance on stream that's his total and one
night or no be one person one person
that's probably up it cuz there might be
some crazy person that would actually do
something like that would you not dance
just on stream for like 10 seconds I'm
not a monkey I guess I'm not you I'm not
a cam whores oh not that I'm calling you
a camera a camera that's just a sellout
okay fair enough
I'm gonna get shit above that for a
while I accidentally split all the end
nigga preacher I just wasn't thinking
about it preachers been out like came
out ten fucking years ago and I'm just
talking about it it's okay to spoil so
if it's an extra innings most a lot of
people are just gonna start because of
the show I suppose so I feel bad but I
just wasn't thinking about it I just
came out just came out there wow there's
almost ten years old you don't think
about it
whoo giant spiders is creepy haha
and did you see those other spiders they
had like human heads I've got a regular
spiders are creepier the ones are the
head just look goofy you know what this
troop what the fuck oh fuck
a lady monster get your sedative ready I
don't have any more you're filling up
huh it's filling up still well what am I
gonna do and nothing I'm gonna do
literally nothing cuz I drank all my
sedative you should do is go back and
get some frenzied resistance well I
can't now I fell down a hole rich I fell
down a hole thoughts on the new start
chart trailer we already talked about it
I am miss start rod
I really miss Star Trek yeah it's I
haven't even why would you watch the
trailer the last movie sucked so much
are you just curious to see how much
worse that can get no not even that I
didn't even think the first one was bad
it was shallow for Trek but it was kind
of supposed to be because it's the
material bad you have these things
it's reestablishing things in writing a
broken ship yeah which is what I'm
assuming the new Star Wars will be -
yeah lots of familiar elements but it's
it's setting everything up for maybe
that's what the problem with the second
Star Trek movie though I was like
alright they got all that crap out of
the way now they can tell their own
story and then that second movie is just
like awful
so she's gonna walk away she get your
Senators ready and run up and kill him I
don't have a sedative oh you're out I'm
out of sedatives uh-oh
so I got a cheeser say she's behind a
wall now there's a big shiny treasure
chest right there rich casual horse
casual horse thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it I'm just like a
horse thrown - that's perfect then
there's a treasure chest right there I
think that's what I need base mine Wario
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it I have no idea what it
means I'm sure means something it means
something to them
nope did you just commit suicide what
you died it how what did you do I have
no idea why did their jump off of a
Ledge is what you did well I know that
my character jumped off a ledge I do not
know what I did with my thumbs and
fingers to force my character to jump
off a ledge and they say if it helps the
item in that chest is garbage it's a bit
late for that now dreams and get your
frenzied resistance going which you
should have done an hour ago if I go
back to the hundreds dream now do I lose
all those blood echoes John kylo wants
to know Jay will it be a stream Athan
this year this New Year's I don't think
so but for a number of reasons I know I
complained on here once about it in the
past but it's just lack of time lack of
interests oh I'm probably not this here
you heard that folks you got other stuff
to do if I go back to the hunters dream
yeah do I lose my blood I yes
there's 74,000 blood echoes in there
isn't a lot at this point though it's a
level I could level up something the
problem is I don't know if I can get out
do you think you can even get back there
well let's see yeah what let's find out
oh no I'm going the wrong way
I'm action Jack did you read The Dark
Knight 3ed well no I stopped reading
comic books like seven years ago so I
have not
was this a third Frank Miller Dark
Knight thing so it's the third Frank
Miller Dark Knight he's credited as
co-author I got a feeling his name is
just on there Oh didn't people he
because they don't rust yeah i gotta
feel like they don't
I suspect DC doesn't trust him to do it
at this point I think Brian our Zola was
writing basically everything okay that's
Mike that's my suspicion because the
rank is his name on it cuz that first
one is iconic he wrote and drew the
other ones yes first one was great
second one everyone hates right he's
kind of viewed as a weirdo No yes and I
think they just want his name on it
because they think his name has to
be on it okay sure yeah I didn't even
know there was a third one I have the
second one I heard it they say your
stain stays now oh so I can go back to
100 scream come back in my stand don't
lose blood echoes yeah I'm gonna you
know what I'm gonna trust you guys cuz I
don't want to die I don't want to die
anymore so I don't want to die like
needlessly jumping out of that thing
again
alright I'm good you know what Chad I'm
gonna make a really bad decision and
trust you I want you to know that this
is a bad decision what I'm doing but I'm
going to do it grandma
Kali says I don't like it already
thanks for helping me get through a hard
time in my life
keep up the cool work not Zoey says yeah
what Oh something else not a spoiler I
really hope Star Wars doesn't suck no I
think we all do I don't think anyone's
actively rooting for it this ugh I kind
of wish that just ended in not you guys
help me out you mean so much to me keep
up the good work nod ah
there's like separated by a line the
rest of it was not and then the rest of
it was on the line below oh it's too
late he meant something entirely
different
all right I'm heading back out okay bye
Jay thanks for coming by
goodbye I'll see you again in a post
Star Wars The Force awakens world it'll
be it'll be a crazy world and again if
whoever tweeted at me is listening go
fuck yourself you we should get his name
and we'll sick the entire chat block now
we can make this guy public enemy number
one no no no I'm not a vindictive like
that why not
I guess I could be but I won't
there you go alright bye Jay thanks for
stopping by I don't care about that we
can we can find a different one huh
let's see here I don't care about Beast
max-age yeah actually that might be nice
max HP yep
there should be I know there's a lot of
poison resistance one this there's some
friends Hebrews yeah I got a frenzied
resistance and I put on an all
resistance one that's the only friends
one you go those are the only two okay
yeah and then on the piece of the the
health will help a bit and then oh I
sure I don't have anything all right you
know what I could sell some stuff and
then buy some sedatives sure what do I
have in store can you fight them with
insight oh oh I have a ton of insight
thank you
no problem okay you probably only can
buy them within sight
can i or can i buy them they might not
be available shame shame
let's check down here so I guess I can't
look at the internet all day tomorrow
you can't I know when are you seeing it
it's wrong night it's more essentially
oh okay I can buy it here I can buy set
it up here I gotta sell some stuff it's
a part you're seeing it's oh that's
right in like midnight Thursday night
yeah yeah okay well I gotta take some
stuff out of storage here what can I say
look I have a ton of shit that I never
ever used like this my this reputation
yeah and I'm never gonna use that I got
this and I hate it I might sell that but
I leveled it up you know nothing I'll
shoot so oh no I have a ton of stuff why
would you start with the weapons cuz I
never use them and they're probably and
they're worth more but Jen you do what
you feel is the right thing to do like I
yeah I have oh yeah I guess I have all
my clothes on me but I like all my
clothes I like all my clothes rich I
have 80 but let's don't you guys make up
probably so a few of those let's see
here what's gonna be worth the rightful
spear I'm never gonna use thread cane
I'm never gonna use you know like I'll
miss my hunters an exile will see you
will see how much money this gets me but
movies have I seen more than once in the
theater wall-e
probably the most recent one right no
way the most recent to be Mad Max I saw
Mad Max in the theater twice so wily in
the theater twice and I saw the Phantom
Menace in the theater twice due to
social obligations though part of that
was also just curiosity like Oh can't
possibly be that bad I want to say I saw
Jurassic Park in the theater maybe a
dozen times I probably should have but I
didn't I think I only said you're asked
to park at the once then we're weirdly
cuz that's a great theater movie that's
a great theater movie
I think like that was at a time when I
was fairly mobile and I could like you
know ride my bike by myself to the movie
theater well that's what I mean by
mobile was like obviously like I was
walking it was a little bit older a
little bit different for me well you
know I I want to say that movie came out
before I had my driver's license and so
I would ride my bike to the movie
theater and watched her a drastic park I
saw it over a dozen times in the theater
easily great movie
so I'm mad max' like twice in the
theater and I think I saw it like twice
on like days I've yet to see that movie
a second time yep and I really I'm
looking forward to it
it's always there just kill those
singing brain things they give like 15k
per kill oh that's great eight hours to
you guys see Star Wars I'm really not
excited enough to be counting the hours
basically I'm seeing it on midnight for
work-related reasons because we're gonna
have to know what happens in that movie
right like I I will have nothing to do
with any episode or anything and so I
have not pre bought my ticket I don't
care
like I'm going to see it of course it is
what I'd probably go to see on my own
anyway but I wouldn't be okay when I can
see it but again so now my blood echoes
are gone for real no they they should be
somewhere around either where you start
or by the fall no no before that
right yeah then they're gone they're
gone for good then they're gone yeah I'd
but but blah blah thank you for
subscribing or bah blah blah blah blah
blah bob la blah
well I misread that Jack what am I an
expert thing reader just got these goofy
internet names I'm just
how you pronounce this shit thank you
for subscribing asshole we really
appreciate it it's true we really do
except I don't go fuck yourself making
me look like an ass your goofy name all
you people got goofy Dame's what's wrong
with Bob but lady's name was Bob but I
got your Bob fine I'm an idiot I get it
your Bob so Steve's nobody's just called
Jake come on twitch is just a joke who
is that guy and how will how lucky do
God my name just the first Jake the very
first Jake on the Internet yeah I want
to take potshots he's because I want to
save my I'll need to save my sedative
for the lady downstairs come on
are we doing a discussion for Christmas
or just a half in the bag half in the
bag is the discussion I'm not I'm not
sure what you mean I can tell you you
will probably see a 1/2 of the bag
before the year is over and not sure
what point it's going to be finished we
I'm sure we would very much like to have
the next best of the worst out before
the end of December hmm it's always
always best the worst Christmas episode
yeah you're right mr. glitch your name
is pronounceable I know I think a lot of
names are pronounced well obviously rich
is being a little funny I'm being a
little funny he's being a little funny
because he made a goof and so now we're
making a goof out of him you know that's
how it's working bah blah blah blah blah
I know it's blah blah blah no I think I
know I think it's bah blah blah blah
blah no I like liking Arrested
Development Bob Loblaw
oh I'm not familiar with this do you
remember Arrested Development I haven't
seen like all of it and they have just
seemed like the first season oh really
I here's what I think happened I think I
binge-watched it and then just got sick
of it because it's just too much at once
sure what usually doesn't happen with me
so I don't know well you know that was
like the first binge because you know I
came out on DVD and it was very popular
yeah fuck you it's the oh that was a
waste I keep missing I keep missing this
Biddy right here visceral attack
animations protect you from frenzy
damage Jack Oh
I think I have enough resistance to what
I say what I say Jack
oh I never doubted you I was just oh I'm
being an ass fuck man being an ass oh
you're fucking I got it I got it I got
just take the friends you hit don't
waste the sedative shit
I think I think you're making a mistake
with these arrows it's too slow okay I
think I just got to go in there with the
sword not that the resistance though
sure now that I have the resistance so
you're probably make sure you don't get
grabbed but otherwise I think you can
get away with just the support I think
you're right I'm gonna say you're right
I meant that I subbed for 13 months in
her own I demand recognition absolutely
mr. glitch you've been with us for a
long time
you you mr.glitcha subbed for 13 months
in a row and he gets recognition or she
or it I think however missed mr. glitch
I think we can safely assume it's a he I
I make no assumption however you
identify I think I think that's one
where it's a reasonable thing to do and
if you're wrong you say oh I didn't know
obviously mr. Zinn your name right and
and if somebody gets still gets upset
yeah that's unreasonable well I don't
get it unreasonable in that way you
could assume mr. Glazer I was trying to
be overly polite because mr. glitch has
been a subscriber for so long we can
agree to that and I do like I in general
I assume male just because I'm a guy so
I always say hey the guys are you know
you guys in the in the chat and I feel
bad about that because I know we do have
female watchers some of our so you know
like I don't want to be I I try not to
be too male orientated it's gonna be
great says jack remember visceral
attacks don't work on stairs do you
remember that glorious that was can i
visceral attack these ladies probably
but fuck it alright I'm going for it I
don't have enough blood echoes to care
about losing them yet are you are you
there's just no like sneaking up you
know
as mike says i have sub 4 omo for about
15 months in a row but it wasn't done
sequentially girls kill get out of view
of the other ones turns you down no i
don't wanna waste a sedative I'll take
I'll take the blood vial head alright
I'd rather take a blood vial head over
wasting a sedative because that that one
downstairs is gonna be harder to kill
I can run past this one fella hecka yeah
says I'm an awesome subscriber Bella
hecka is an awesome and I'm a confirmed
male bill Billy or bill Billy right bill
bill it is bill
no it's bill lekin NOLA heck not Billy
hecka which is what we called him
originally okay okay that's another one
I think you could safely assume male and
if you're wrong just I'm sorry I didn't
know and it should be a reasonable
mistake to make uh Herod hey mo hey Bo
hey mo here not the most spider yeah
also I believe bill has like his real
picture on his Twitter profile like bill
is a real person like like Cosmo that's
this word is reasonable vagaries there
we can't know for sure
female oh absolutely yeah Casper could
be anything Lucky Strikes that could be
a dick that could be anything right male
female or otherwise
there's question a Michael 87 write a
machine a Michelle a Michelle 87 sort of
Michelle in writer that was Michael oh
yeah you're right
Oh Michelle I Michelle yeah so but even
ah Michelle like that's not Michelle
that's a little yeah yeah we'll see I at
a glance I thought that was a Michael Oh
and Regan will the a is capitalized but
the M isn't so since there you go
and we've and I guess I've always said
ah Michelle what if I've gotten it wrong
all this time and it is a Michael this
is a weird conversation like what are we
what are we Titleist in the stream just
for you to just what do you have between
your legs it's something you know it's
something that I think about often
what's between your legs one I think
about that often lady Denning thank you
for subscribing
we really appreciate him it's true we
really do it's something I think about a
lot I remember there was talk a long
long time ago pre Google+ day Google was
talking about their wants for an online
ID like an across-the-board online ID no
and I remember thinking man that sounds
like a really good idea
yeah and I still think it's a good idea
we beyond those kind of labels what I
mean
I have it you mean like an eye permanent
ID for everything you do online yeah
yeah and you know what your ID would be
it would be your name no no I don't like
that I think that's a greater it gives
any idiot the ability to track you down
no obviously you need to you need to
what it does is it makes you be careful
about what you say and where you say and
what information goes out somewhere
because it's you yes don't you think
it's a good idea to make people no more
cautious about what they do online well
I think smart people genuinely are
cautious about what they do on yeah
dodj I tried shooting I went for a shoot
no I like the idea I like the idea I
hate the idea absolutely hate it
well I figured you would nice whose oh
my god him whose oh my god him ghosts
and goblins says based on the clickbait
video I really wish this here I can help
I can see you okay you can read it
so words like I think the the idea that
they're getting across is like you need
to you need to emulate something from
the Star Wars movie is there is there
point in the new Star Wars movie you
need to emulate this that's this is a
tough one race yep take time take time
okay for a film sequel to ape a little
bit to get you to buy in original stuff
depends on the Star Wars feeling that
the prequels lacked I don't know it's an
issue of copying I think it's an issue
of you want something to feel like Star
Wars you want the product to be what
you're buying to be the thing you want
to buy right so again I think you want
you don't turn Star Wars into like 2001
a Space Odyssey I'm not entirely sure
what the question means but are they
saying you like nostalgia how much would
be nostalgie do you need the nostalgia
um a little bit I do think you need the
nostalgia I think at this point they
needed just for just damage control on
the prequels you can't do something new
and wacky now right you know that's
probably true I think in this in this
particular instance I'm gonna say no and
toed decimals and smoogle thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do I guess you know like
let's let's look at the first three Star
Wars movies they they came out pretty
close to one another yeah
we're how how many like Return of the
Jedi didn't necessarily have nods to a
new hope right oh I didn't ever you
wanted to know if you finish your
thought well so so the the question is
here here we have a sequel obviously its
decades later yeah but it is in a sense
just a sequel to Star Wars
so it shouldn't really it shouldn't
really be based in nostalgia
it has nostalgia inherently just because
the name and the character okay and so
it needs to concentrate on being its own
unique part of the story not a nostalgia
fest that's my that's my feelings if
there's too much nostalgia I will be
upset okay that was actually that was a
big problem of mine with Star Trek the
Star Trek well what's what's there
between style and nostalgia Star Trek
the Star Trek yeah
remember when Jim meets bones for the
first time and he goes yeah my wife left
me she took all my money all she left me
with was my bones which isn't even how
he should have gotten the nickname no
but that was just like their clumsy way
of getting in the nickname okay
incredibly clumsy right because I don't
know that we need the stall just
specifically but it should feel like a
Star Wars movie yeah just the prequels
do not right alright well yeah I'm gonna
get some reading done here
would you get some reading done already
Krakow Keynes's crack-cocaine yes just
watched weird science yeah
and it reminded me of Mike's wonderful
joke pilato story very much oh that's
right because Michael Behrman is in
weird science yeah is the biker at the
end that you pull out of story it's an
amazing story oh my god you guys have no
idea how confused I was the entirety of
that I mean obviously you saw like makes
it wonderful it's just the worst it's
just the worst story ever anonymous says
rich is allowed to read this because
it's anonymous I'm not sure what that
means no that was that was against my
online ID thing oh okay I don't know III
like the idea and dealing with big
brother coming down and smashing
creativity and self-expression what that
is here's your ID oh how the only thing
you're allowed to go by online how is
that smashing creativity you know what
those okay that makes people accountable
for what they say online which one
dealing being someone who deals within
it one of Karen's friends online yeah
used to go by the moniker of too evil
bunny the evil body you know this posts
were related to being an evil rabbit
sure and it was a stick and it was
amusing yeah and then Facebook came up
you have to have your real name it has
to be a real and then just squash that
whole bit and I thought it was a shame
and it killed his creativity no you
could still have evil bunny but have had
on Facebook but oh no well what I'm
saying is in my perfect world of online
IDs right like let's you know like for
example like the fuck bought 5,000
Twitter account yeah fuck about 5,000 is
a Twitter account you could still have
fuck bought 5,000 on Twitter but have it
linked to an actual person gonna track
you down somebody who doesn't like you
and her issue in real life that they can
do that already you
yeah because you're opening with their
no jagdtiger is is no I don't I don't
like that idea at all I do I like the
idea of people being accountable for the
things they say you do online
you sound like Big Brother there's no
because by that you get to choose what
you do online who decides what is it
accountability depends on who decides
what is acceptable yeah exactly
example alright
toad decimal says homosexuals might be
afraid to engage online message boards
if they aren't out of the closet yet
sure but wouldn't that be the same as in
real life
oh so you take away their safe haven no
but it isn't what and they wouldn't have
any place to go in real life either no
there but they went online not anymore
though not not not with ID wow that's
pretty good to go all right looks like
that people should have the privacy yeah
I think there's some but I think there's
some frozen cons here
there we go I did I need it oh there's a
thingy over here I needed to be a little
more aggressive with my bow and arrow
strategy that was the that was the the
clincher there
don't want to delve too far cuz my
friends he's still way up there
nope not dealing with you I'm not
dealing with you spiders alright so
where were we where are we having blood
borne Jack what's what's her situation
was there status report I keep dying to
the same in the same part luckily like
these guys have a lot of blood echo so
you know my my like almost 80,000 lost
blood echoes it's just getting right
back up it keeps getting bailed right
black back up but I would love it
so before I don't know if he's noticed I
was here yeah up in this tower the thing
that was causing frenzy everywhere
outside the castle was a giant version
of that thing that's on the lady's head
okay just a pulsating testicle with eyes
and I dropped it hmm with this lever and
so now I think I'm going to fight it I
don't I actually don't know there's a
hole over here and a treasure chest well
how does a different weapon work on
those eyeball things what about the
pizza cutter oh the pizza cutter might
work better on those yeah let's try it
let's try a different strap sir the you
know the only thing is like the pizza
cutter is not built up enough and I want
to say like its strength shit and see
been a day to a spider
we're all right it's got to worked out
right I like my stored my ford fuck safe
spaces lady Denning says or people
having embarrassing hobbies they would
never admit to in real life eg my little
pony
I don't know yeah like I said I guess I
never thought about the you know just a
place to openly talk about thoughts
ideas feelings without without any sort
of judgment that is nice that is nice
rich Eve open my mind the chat has Jack
the chat is like I only played a part
you channeled through channel the chat
no I shouldn't have done that before I
fell out the window that was done with
me I just wasted a blood vial and I'm
alright I just used the blood vial and I
might fall out the window is that all a
secret area do you have to go in there
no this just takes you back down to an
earlier checkpoint mmm
so yeah the the window jump is a quasi
secret area I mean it's a big open
window is there a safer way to get in
there no no there's no well I guess what
is it what is in there that's worth it
here's what I'm getting at I know
obviously something you don't need I
don't know what's in there okay this is
the thing don't you want to find out
this is the thing I passed over last
time I didn't go in here last time okay
and you know I beat the game without it
okay so that's that's this is all like
this is if if I wasn't if I wasn't
streaming I would probably be doing this
right now so this is what I'm doing and
we're gonna go oh my god
they're good Albert Spangler says always
happy to see what bloodborne good luck
on the DLC bosses they are pretty
incredible yeah I haven't even beaten
the first one yet I did I beat Ludwig
with help from the chat is Lutheran is
Ludvig the horse monster he looks weird
I is kind of on fours at some point
during the battle he looks so weird it's
hard to say if there's some horse
influence in there no I don't think so
he's got kind of like a half normal
human looking face the monster I'm
fighting right now is like a horse it
looks like it looks a lot like a horse
what are we changing up when you go
there I've been here for a while I want
us I'm here I want to see what happens I
think everyone wants to see the new DLC
yeah I'll show you the horse in a second
- this lady ok one more attempt at this
and then and then I will go see a horse
then I'll go see a man about a horse
how about that I'm good been there I
don't think it was all that don't Oh
what's down here I don't listen I don't
know what's down here oh ok secret names
root PI The Magicians yes
a very important item is in there and a
very important ritual items even lower
plus high insight makes frenzy go up
faster well yeah your insight is 89 yeah
I know that's high I know that's
something I didn't know I can go get rid
of it yeah I think that's what it is
there's a blood Rock in here and a blood
Rock will make my bow blade go to level
10 okay I want that I understand blaze
that level mine and I can't make it go
to level 10 without a blood rock without
a rock lobster it was a rock rock
lobster no no no no no
I like that song more than web Shack
that's the b-52 songs to me I'm okay
with that I'm okay with that of their
two songs are you forgetting about
around the world yes I found the word
the one he did with Michael Stipe with
REM that's not around the world yeah no
I don't but I'm not a musical I'm a
musical idiot I'm a self-admitted
risible idiot I mean rock lobster is
great and brilliant and everything
wonderful wait oh by the way is be is
Ludwig the horse you need to be more
specific like does this look like a
regular normal horse keep doing this we
already saw Ludwig it it looked like a
horse with with like more horse legs and
a horse mouth full of eyeballs Oh shiny
happy people what about shiny happy
people that's a good one
I think I think that is because I do
think we big had a mouthful of eyeballs
there we go dad's already seen that
thing okay the chat is though that's
where I am in the DLC I'm just gotten to
Ludwig and I got my ass handed to me
utterly utterly handle handed you
described as a horse I just think see
that thing that looks like a beastly
blob he was a horse he was the house he
was a chatter grieves me he was a horse
ish man many horse like qualities there
saying he was a casual horse yeah you a
horse that says it's a casual horse
Jess also saying that was REM OHS REM
featuring the b-52s REM it's all I know
chat you know I've never been a big fan
of REM either I know they have a huge
following and I never got it that's fine
shiny half of people equals vomity what
what armored piece says I think the apt
word for Ludwig is monstrosity and I
would agree with that
absolutely yeah he was definitely
monster ass I liked him that and that
was the first boss that came across you
know what I didn't much care for you
know right before Ludvig is we meet
another one of those like giant tentacle
ogre with like the big cannon and that
was a little ridiculous yes but not like
monstrously ridiculous that giant gun
was fine the damn gun was fucking oh it
was amazing but I just was like yeah it
got a little that felt almost like like
medieval space and I know this game has
medieval themes and space themes but I
don't know I didn't I didn't much care
for that monster design any any status
on update on the space cop this whatever
hands well we're hoping to get them from
the people making them as soon as we can
as soon as we can whack man v2 thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do and I know that's
something we say a lot but it's me it's
true every time so we buy the crap to
stream it's true I wouldn't have BS to
work for you guys ps4 there we go I hope
I have a ps2 you can get one of those
for like 20 bucks now we should get a
ps2 well you have a ps3
ps3 plays ps2 games um no no we should
get a ps2 you there's great Peter this
if yes for play ps2 games oh they don't
do backwards-compatibility anymore why
not come on I want you to buy him again
they like it when you buy him again I'm
gonna wait for my friend Lee to go down
playstation to the best console on the
hold that have the best games is that
the best era of gaming PlayStation 2 era
you know here's the thing about the
PlayStation 2 it had the most game
consoles I mentally for as far as
consoles go I'm gonna say the
PlayStation 2 and only the most but some
of the best the best console games there
were some great a general sense well and
you know you know what else the ps2 did
that was great it was the first real
graphical jump going from the ps1 to the
ps2 there was that sharp crisp
noticeable graphical this Dreamcast who
had a dream nobody had it
nobody had Dreamcast reach out to
Dreamcast and now he's mad
I bought one when they've done winter
cheap right nobody had a dream good it's
worth it for Crazy Taxi and Power Stone
agreed on Power Stone
not gonna die to you this time fucking
spider fuck fuck this most-most spider
get out of here a lot of people are
saying snis so that's a fine system I'm
gonna say pound for pound though I'd
rather have ps2 you can only have one a
Super Nintendo or a ps2 and you guys
nothing even even of their era though I
would ps2 on top of their arrow mmm
I don't know this was great sure I'm not
saying it's bad
hey you know what okay so now you have a
decision to make
hmm and where you can only have a Super
Nintendo or a ps2 yes - I might choose a
ps2 only because of the sheer amount of
games there were so many fucking games
for the ps2 limited number force Ness
alright alright Here I am this is the
hole so the hole that I've been going to
I would I would mrs. Oldham link to the
past and Super Mario World I'm gonna
cheese these guys I'm trying to think of
other other games on the Super Nintendo
that I absolutely have to have and would
regret never had him played this time we
deal with these spiders that have been
killing me
but I think I think what this nest
there's only really two must have titles
for me mm-hmm Samara world it's my world
and Link of the past huh
I'm sure I mean there's a ton on there
and I mean I just can't think of any
better but Joji underscore underscore
underscore underscore thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do Danger Danger
Danger playstation2 you know you Grand
Theft Auto games Maximo oh I love max
Mentos both máximos so to the Enders
wanted to I tried to hit her with my bow
and it didn't work and I was really
upsetting to me fuck
there you go Oh Megaman x4 thus ness
yeah yeah now you talkin come on die
thank you
think I can make it I think I can make
it it's pretty amazing I think I only
have two sedatives so I didn't want to
waste it because I don't know it's next
do I prefer the Genesis over the Super
Nintendo no no okay so we got this
tricky charger right here what's in here
also nobody's nobody might agree with me
but as far as sn' s games I would miss
super ghouls'n ghosts super ghouls'n
ghosts mm-hmm twitchplayspokemon sucess
games might have better replayability
than ps2 games maybe what I got here
then I'll throw it up there because I
know everyone else loves the series a
lot more than I do now but I hate it but
it's gotta be positive or negative Super
Metroid which I'm looking like here I'll
take it or leave it
I like super metrid I know I got a I got
a bell that invigorates a party while in
co-op play oh I mean yeah it doesn't
mean much but so that doesn't mean
anything
Zombies Ate My Neighbors was also on
Genesis I think it was I'm pretty sure
one song is a my neighbor's yeah I built
I'm gonna go ahead and say that you are
correct
I have to drop down there chat Richard
you ever play God hand on ps2 somebody
sent it to me I haven't played it yet
though God and another notoriously
difficult game I think it's an early
Platinum game - OH
chat need some help what do you need
jack I need to know what to do this
looks like one of those like scary
blood-borne platforming sections well
look around look around I'm looking look
around you I'm looking look around you
or I am looking I don't see anything I
could fall unnecessarily except for
those cages and that that can't be it
right there's a platform right there but
that's way too far down that would kill
me John keel aside that said you should
play God handle a year ago I know it was
a lot of game it's like I got to play
home divers I absolutely have to play
Helldivers but I'm not playing
Helldivers I have to play blood-borne
right now that's just where I am in my
life wait is it oh that's the way this
is something new as a kid did you take
ages to pick a game to write yeah yeah I
did look over every title hmm this one
that was out we didn't have a place to
rent games near us
mr. Shia smell says I agree with the G
and G which is the super ghouls and
ghosts rich yeah but you wouldn't have
to miss it because you can get it on the
ps1 in the G&G; collection what see you
could play it through the ps2 hmm hmm
can't do a new blood Jim there's gotta
be something that's gonna pop out here
soon right there's too many goodies
there's way too many goodies over here
Donkey Kong Country and TMNT turtles in
time oh yeah turtles in time that's good
I wouldn't miss it that much donkey kong
country gets old fast
I mean turtles in time gets old fast too
but you can beat that game in like a
half an hour so this is gonna be a
shallow of me and I'll admit it but I
never played Donkey Kong Country because
I hated the way it looked I hate that
that fake 3d look I could be with that
2d platformers a you know you trade nice
clean sprites for this kind of really to
me really ugly rendered 3d look and I
couldn't stand that I will go ahead and
agree with you that I that it looks ugly
mr. glitch that was a nice find a very
nice find
what but you're gonna have a fucking
hard time getting at the run you may as
you may as well get the version that's
available on GOG what they found a TIE
fighter collector's edition at a thrift
store now you have something to the to
the right Bloodrock is what the the
chant is saying where we were like a
little wild it's right at the lady
that's right so I just don't want to die
I've made it far enough where I like
death
oh yeah only got three thousand blood
echoes you're fuckin fine I have 45,000
blood echoes and all of this shit I
think over here I think they want me to
go over here um not there but I think I
could drop down over here well do Knight
says is the ps1 port of James II good I
don't I haven't played even know I
didn't even know there was a PlayStation
1 port until today
so can I drop down yeah go to the right
take the ladder down there's a ladder
there saying was the ladder okay hold on
I gotta look for a ladder
are you a matter you're not a ladder all
right
you and her you're not a ladder I missed
a ladder oh you know what I didn't look
over here I bet there's a ladder over
here yeah I'm just scared this is an
area I've the one the giant brain was in
oh okay the giant brain was in here I
think this is the thing I like most
about the ghetto yeah there's something
there's Elvis Elvis says look around you
can you construct some sort of
rudimentary lathe put dehydrated water
on it commit see in 120 says there's a
blood rock in the DLC Jack I don't care
there's a blood Rock right fucking here
I'll use my other blood rock on my
whirligig saw where's the fucking ladder
Sarah star says there isn't a ladder oh
well then you guys are fucks there is
something over here though baby Slayer
156 says you missed my subscription
notice Oh
plus it's my 15-month anniversary was
well we missed a couple stars sausage
well rich can't read booze I got school
okay so subscribe thank you baby Slayer
one five six for 15 months whack man the
v2 wack man v2 okay wait I guess we just
missed then we missed a couple this baby
Slayer one five six thank you for
subscribing I could not make that fall
we really appreciated can I make that
phone
you can make that fall you think you'll
need the hill afterwards I think I can
make that phone what you're saying I can
make this fall hold on I'm gonna be a
full house just in case
so let's just say there are four ladders
there are four ladders Jub Lord says
you're cool to hop down I I don't see
any ladders big match John says you
forgot the anniversary the what the
anniversary I don't know that's someone
okay you think I can drop down I think
you can drop down if I if I die this is
on you oh no you'll be out forty five
thousand blood I cuz you'll make that up
no more so I have to get back here and
through all those eyeball legs again
okay you know I'm just gonna explore
just a little bit more maybe there's a
way down over here just in case I was
over here better go there's a way down
that I missed you know like if I get on
that platform and see Lucas says
facepalm why I don't know why obviously
there's something you're missing of
course there's something I'm missing
level resistance this is level
resistance all over again
jump down and roll drop down
it's probably for you Lord Bella bonds
wait
do you miss 1990s gaming I loved renting
games through that decade also the
Dreamcast had great games like Sonic
Adventure d2 Soul Calibur house that
into a sort of berserk do you miss 1990s
gaming do I miss it no because I have
roms but I miss I miss the amount of
free time I had in the 90s when when I
was a child gaming was easy
alright I'm gonna try this fridge you
fall farther to find the that real
hunters dream area look at that look at
your fine listen I was worried I was
worried about I know you were and I
don't want to fight eyeball ladies
anymore Bloodrock Bloodrock
don't fall down that hole that's where
the giant eyeball monster go that looks
like a bad hole that's like like like
Courtney Love that's a bad oh oh okay
it's that fucker
I am dull parts Stahl hair doll arts
that's a whole song I really like that
one sigh man yep Dana Dana Dana Oh make
me over oh I know where I am
I'm in the beginning look at this giant
spider the spider sucks I'm in the
beginning you really not that fond of
that spider huh no it's spider sucks he
killed me a lot oh oh shit no it's fine
everything's fine I'm just in the
beginning
so I came from there that's neat okay
this meets I know where I am now I don't
know how fast I can get back to where it
was but I know where I am oh fuck oh
wait no no no helicopter says there's a
new elevator in the room past that
fucker that guy used to know that fucker
there's a new elevator yeah I don't know
if it's in here whatever rooms past that
fucker well I came out here and I said
oh that fucker mmm check this place out
oh yeah there's an elevator there's an
elevator
I found an elephant cat but I got a
blood Rock blood Rock oh yeah okay okay
this gets me out here I know where I am
now let's uh let's see if I can get some
some sweet tasty blood echoes we'll go
level up cash in cash I don't think you
can love love huh I don't think you can
love love now with this no no we gotta
go kill some people
okay okay we're gonna go kill some
people it's only 9:00 everything's fine
everything's fine cuz it's only you know
it just felt like that took forever it's
what that did take this is by the way
this is what I'm saying about it like
you know that's an that's normal for me
like that's how long it takes me to get
through an area but now imagine you like
you you're a little more leveled up and
you know that area you get zoom right
through yeah that's what I was saying
earlier about it feeling smaller you
know the whole game so this is the
elevator that I was in where I where I
jump through to hold the window this is
it takes you down there
MC Lucas is saying if you take the
elevator down to where the brain drop to
and use the make contact gesture on it
for about 30 seconds you get the eye
room whoo that seems like something from
soft would do in one of these games what
the kind of crazy kind of cryptic yet
neat thing do I have make contact hold
on I think I have make contact
no that's not what it
Marius
I never figured out how to do it like
that it says they have like swoosh
emotions but I never figured out how to
do that you know it hold on X while
you're doing it
what oh yeah oh really
yeah you have to hold X and then do this
it's dumb oh great
wait so wait I can go do a thing with
the eyeball what you think that's dumb
that's kind of neat that's good
okay all I read was if you take the
elevator down to where the brain dropped
to and use the make contact gesture on
it for about 30 seconds you get the eye
room stuff to make my way through there
again toh decimal says aside from
blood-borne is there a reason to own a
ps4 if you have a PC no no no there's a
lot of games that are also on PC that
are on the ps4 that I think you know if
if you are I kill all these ladies right
yeah some saying it's true but it's
called the moon room so there's some
debate what and if it's a cool rune then
I'm down with this and I killed all
these ladies already so I can just
breeze on by so you know like if you are
on the fence that it has a lot of good
titles most of those titles are also on
PC so so no besides blood-borne there's
no there's no real reason
I have whole song is stuck in my head
I'll make me over do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do dude I think people are
saying shut up rich I guess I wasn't
supposed to tell you that I don't know
okay I mean that's probably something I
never would have figured out on my own
okay so there's an elevator over here so
wait there's so take it to where the
brain film
oh yeah well then over here flipped is
over a random pit in the area before the
elevator you took two Mikkel ash nickel
ash what's over here I never actually
figured out what was over here
I should probably open this out whoa
when did you guys get a webcam I like it
Thanks we like it too a couple months at
this point right it has been a couple
months
rich it was Rich's call I was just
watching another stream that had a
webcam like yeah that's good indeed yeah
why not
oh here's okay good so the the key I got
from beating the calash opened up a
shortcut to there great so now there's a
there's a thing over by Michael wash
with it no it's going since ow
Jack please don't waste time getting a
shitty rune you won't use do the dlc we
already saw the dlc and I'm at the exact
spot rich was already at so we're in a
new space we're in a new place here
there's an elevator apparently over here
down there I think it's hurt about the
wall it's hanging yeah
what's down there have I used that
elevator I know nothing
rich knows nothing there's an elevator
down there I don't exactly know how to
get down there I know nothing of this
room what's over here let's go check
over here yes just to reiterate Star
Wars The Force awakens spoilers we'll
get you a 24-hour ban don't care if
you're kidding because we don't know if
you're kidding at this point right even
if it is a joke you will get a band for
today and you know exceptions if you say
the silliest thing that no one would
believe we don't we don't care right now
we don't we're not we don't have time to
judge the seriousness level of your fake
spoiler right all right hey Chad help me
out help me out I want to get this room
oh we don't go that way and I don't
think I'm supposed to go down there I
don't actually know what that is but yes
I have seen Star Wars and they read
conned the fact that Darth Vader is
Luke's father that's that's changed now
they did a paternity test and Luke
didn't get us but is his midi-chlorian
from from from Darth Vader so the big
mystery now is who is who's Luke's real
father
wait are you doing fake spoilers I can
do it because I'm rich Evans wait a
minute
chat where am I going help help okay
to do this student
here and yes I am holding myself to a
different standard if you try and follow
that up with your own joke spoiler
you're out of here oh yeah these are the
rules this is the rules go back out to
that bridge okay
back out to that bridge our miller you
tell me where to go come back out to
that bridge the bridge that's no longer
there go outside not inside okay I'm
going outside I'm doing it
go on outside
outside not inside so sorry I was trying
to move away chef Oh the room with all
the little people and butchers oh yeah
yeah I know we're talking about look oh
look look at these these dog pigeon
hybrids the pigeon with dogs hands meet
crazy
okay hold on we gotta we gotta go to a
room with the butcher's and the little
Knights this game is all about the body
horror this game loves body whore dude
dude
so was that elevator I saw this way okay
I know what's up now I know what's going
on
thank you
these guys suck though these butchers
not like them
I don't want to fight them with their
little midget friends so we're gonna run
oh okay I see it I see it
don't fall don't fall don't fall ah it's
like a rich were you in a room with cats
in the clickbait video now my eyes look
fucked up cuz I couldn't get any sleep
tonight right now and then I have
trouble sleeping so I just had very
little sleep it was tired oh my god
oh my god
what the fuck
neat
neither a glitch I'm gonna say needs
oh my god
look at it oh wow
that is beautiful
after standing on the hand I have no
idea jack is using the hand lantern see
there's the hand lantern
said we have to do it for 30 seconds
she's standing in the right spot use the
hand lantern hold the gesture till your
arms change sides
okay okay you have to hold it for a
while that's Chris that's beautiful this
monster is beautiful there you go
just switch sides you got it and I got
it so what do I do now do I kill it we
should kill it right yeah we want to huh
I hope it comes to life at issue
that'd be great oh and now Ben do I kill
it kill it with fire well try hitting it
oh it's ice followed you the big one oh
my oh my God look at it
yeah it's just gonna let me walk around
it oh my God look at this thing can you
save drew wants to know if my tie was a
green-screen of the video actually but I
was blue I don't know if it went out
with the green-screen anyway sometimes
it happens right this is close enough
shade it was close I hate or Mike did it
uh Mike probably did it on purpose so I
feel really bad about this but I'm gonna
kill it mine it's a horrible eyeball
monster put it out of its fucking misery
I'd signaled it and it gave me a thing
isn't that fun like yeah
I want to know why it isn't bringing you
frenzy up though thank you think this
more than anything in the game so far
well this is the thing that caused the
frenzy all the time like when you were
running up to the capital
oh it just sits there why does it stop
is the question oh this is all I feel
bad about this I'm gonna do it cuz I've
already started oh god I feel horrible
oh god oh god what am i doing ahhhh
why were you just holding out there
there's one where you just like hold it
out and it keeps going right well that's
the big one it is it holds on it for a
little bit right yeah that's what I
thought there's one where you does it
holding out as long as you're holding
the button down
no it just holds it up for longer oh I
feel horrible about this I feel just
awful but you can't leave it half dead
this is my first time seeing this oh I'm
so sorry so sorry I'm putting you out of
their misery
oh I got a living string oh I don't
think I got any blood echoes for that by
the way that's fine
no it's appropriate it's very
appropriate I was great that made me
feel bad
fisted by dope smoke says I have paid
$5.00 a month for you to say phiston buy
dope smoke once a month for an entire
year and I missed my notification button
window for month 12 I'll be back for
round 13 you fuckers
well fisted buy dope smoke we appreciate
it
fisted buy dope smoke thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do I feel bad why
look at it it's horrible and probably
miserable left a bad taste in my mouth
one down says that weapon that salt
weapon does have a hold it does yep oh
hey hold it something move but if the
screens cut off I can't read it hold it
out okay I'll test that out as soon as I
get to a safe space
running away running away running
running running running running away
running we will go running we will go
running away we'll go run away will go
oh okay did it did it done no no no no
no no no well I mean not forever it
holds out as long as your Sam a stamina
yeah yeah that's pretty awesome a fun
weapon what a weird weapon read the
description of the living string oh yeah
we got a living string after we killed
it the living string yeah did that go
great this game is great I see you've
done some come on you got some vomit no
I got vermin uh killing people on the
DLC I haven't done any card oh you had
to do co-op to get those no I got him
from killing people in the hunters
nightmare okay but yeah have you gone
and talked to the midnight yesterday
yeah but I have no me and multiplayer I
haven't done into coop at all yeah no
neither bye oh I got my blood rock now
we needed that the living string hello
for a holy cows the immense brain that
mensis retrieved from the nightmare was
indeed lined with eyes on the inside but
they were of an evil sort and the brain
itself was terribly rotten but even
still it was legitimate great one it was
but even still it was a legitimate gray
one the LA and left a relic a living
relic at that which is a precious thing
so it's like it's like a brain stem no
it's like a living brains I think I
think the reason we had to read that
because it is deadly evil
it's definitely evil they were of an
evil sort mmm look at this thing nice
Matt great just all this so much you so
much you what is it Oh yellow backbone I
don't know oh it's just a shot those are
just bowling shards that's nothing so
you can upgrade your thing um oh no we
need to kill more people first
okay where are we we need to kill more
people first and then we'll do some
upgrades he won't give me anything good
sir start once a two-hour video of Jack
trying to read item descriptions try you
know whoa oh it's dog with the bird beak
you're not gonna kill me dog with a bird
beak not today not today
sometimes I have trouble reading Jack
thoughts on blade of mercy question
Burke oh I like the blades of mercy have
you ever used the blades of mercy I do
but I I don't have enough points in
school because my skill is balanced with
strength so it's not nearly as efficient
as just using me fix only blade right
the blades of mercy is fun so for anyone
who doesn't know and I don't have them
on me at the moment the the blades of
mercy it's it's a one-handed really fast
blade or you can split them into two
fast blaze super fast blaze super fast
blades in lieu of a gun and they are a
lot of fun to use yeah just a lot of fun
these guys like one of them one of the
moves I think at the o2 is both a stab
and dodge back at the same time yeah I
think that's kind of neat mm-hmm
shadows of the ermine guys yeah I like
that one of these guys look fun to fight
I know I know that was a risk that was a
risk but Obama says rich we need to
assault the bug homeworld that's true we
do I really haha I really just want to
see one of those fucking home worlds get
taken down god damn it I you know what I
logged on the other day and everyone on
my ship was clapping because they were
they the the a super-earth was safe I am
it was triumphant the birth was
triumphant at something
well we haven't we haven't won a war yet
we need to defeat blow those goddamn
home worlds how
you know there we go okay I think those
guys are another fun boss fight where
are they the shadows of yarman I think
it's what they're called
let's three quit it guys you fight three
about once their boss I thought those
were three witches after the forest yeah
yeah those guys there's also witches
after a different section of the forest
two witches that spawn other witch and
other type of types of witches no I'm
not talking about the witch the Witch of
hemic I thought the the three of them
met you fight I thought those three were
running I don't think those were witches
well those are those guys you just
fought really yeah oh I always thought
they were riches I thought that was a
witty area huh okay now this I've been
to before
who did guys that turn into a snake
hooded guys as you Whittle them down oh
nice if I remember correctly there is a
big pig over there is there's that pig
gotta give me that pig oh yeah well you
know how to pin has bacon tonight yeah
uh we're gonna we're gonna do something
awful with this pig and it's button just
in case
I got I feel terrible about that
I don't think it kills you when it falls
but just in case Thanks we're gonna do
something awful with that big and it's
but I think there's something down here
too oh yeah there's a thing
Oh No that's right okay I remember now

[Part III]
all right great great great great what
is this thing let's don't check I don't
care about you anymore I got a rock man
I got a rock - wine - ring around you no
I'm saying that's what everybody wants
everybody wants a rock to wind a string
around yeah now you get it get it
no it's a reference to a popular 90s
band come They Might Be Giants they had
a song I don't get lots of references
you get they might be giants references
some of them I know that about you
everybody wants the rocks you wind piece
of string around throw the crib doors em
I am typically Jack very bad with lyrics
come inside like you say that I know
exactly what you're talking about now
the one you kind of sing it before you
sung it I was like what
article man particle man does everything
a particle can gets in a fight with you
roars man he's gotta watch the size of
the end man usually kind the smaller man
the universe man he's gotta watch with a
minute hand a millennium and when they
meet it's happy land the powerful man
that universe man I think I think I have
enough now but just in case we'll kill
some more dudes oh for them at once I
can do this
you're getting away running away I don't
think they follow Jesus Christ I think I
have enough to level up but it's like I
just wanna make sure fuck come on let's
try that again
I've learned my lesson
bow and arrow Jack that's what makes you
Jack I can do this I can do this rich
there they go
Vera for you says haha you guys are
idiots I love it
good as long as you love it
ah that's okay I'm running away and I'm
hoping like just one follows me I just
want one of these guys to follow me oh
we're all of them that's fine oh I was
that way is that where you stopped yeah
oh that she'd have done a full charge
one he would have staggered yeah I
couldn't catch up to her in time though
yeah strategizing you and your goofy
suit me what you talking about
first of all covered in gook and guts
and blood right now I look fucking
awesome
goofy suit if you're constantly changing
clothes you don't really have like a
stable characterization Jack I change
clothes all the time I know I mean as a
person I change goes all the time but
the completely different styles
sometimes do occasionally and you just
put on like a clown wig big floppy
shifts oh wait oh wait I'm sorry I'm
sorry for reference haha I was a clown
at the one point come down here just one
of you like this I like this I can thank
you dude dude dude dude
well this is where the party ends so
it's it's the exact same as with your
gun it uses the Quicksilver but
Quicksilver bullets which is why you can
charge them right but oh yeah see so
like you know you have so when you have
your bow you it's it's the same as with
your sword light attack and and heavy
attack here I'll see if I here I'll show
I'll show you a heavy attack so just you
know it just charges up
so do noticeably more damage that way
yes and and more importantly it causes
them to stagger oh shit oh shit instead
of my bow up so how come you're not
recovering any health attack
what I mean is that is that a quirk of
the bow blade usually when you attack
you get some of your health back when
you still got like nothing the brownish
kind of bar of Health I don't I haven't
noticed you were covering anything
because the brownish bar wasn't there I
don't think it was there when you
started hitting them was it yeah well is
that a bull bleep thing I wonder could
be a bloody thing I've maybe only
certain weapons do that or maybe it's
like my arcane level or something pigs
pigs
so now hopefully I can get this piggy to
turn around hit him with a strong bow
blade attack yet there you go oh do be
careful you run along with vials I know
but I got out look at all of them blood
echoes King vidiots says I listened to
flood non-stop while playing mario 64
donno why that game in particular guess
it was the only n64 game I had at the
time you know what I think those two
both things would work well together I
can see that flood and playing in 64 our
our Miller says yeah Jack your you're
not getting read regained for some
reason yeah I've noticed that too all
gain I thought maybe that's a quirk of
the boat played but I don't know oh I
guess it's a quirk of the glowblade I
don't know I don't know yeah yeah
they're so got a weird glitch it's just
affecting you right now run
yep that sounds like a great idea let's
hope he can't go down here what do you
think I don't know gonna go down here
maybe maybe maybe not mmm
right
never gonna make it nope
well not what I wanted fuck not what I
wanted to do this it's fine I just got
to pick up my blood echoes and run now
hey my talk lately about how much I love
the monster design
you mean like the pig with all the
eyeballs that doesn't have all those
eyeballs but now they have eyeballs like
you've made it to like yard ghoul right
and like all the pig all the pigs that
were there turn into those like the big
weird like the eyeballs coming out of
planter's yeah there those are the
skulls oh that's right they're like
skulls it's something weird and it's
beautiful skull of giants skull thing
coming out of a box yeah every now and
then you'll select box on the floor and
you'll walk deer and one of those giant
eyeball things will just pop out of it
no way it should fit in there
but it does it's beautiful oh you're low
on vials again that's okay this time I'm
and after I make it past these guys I'm
just running I'm running to pick up my
blood echoes and then I had a pig hasn't
huh well then I might be fucked then I
might be fucked but we're gonna try to
get him back fucker with the fire here
nothing you got nothing kid big-ass
clunky weapon going after my bow blade
don't be a son of a bitch
okay this pig we can deal with and you
know like I I like the bow bow lead
especially for making enemies stagger
from behind because like if you get too
close with a regular attack sometimes
yeah sometimes they turn but here I got
nice distance and up oh shit except for
when you miss like I just did so then
you run away then you just run right
away running away running away from the
giant pig then the skip scary pig all
Jack I'm so sorry running away and the
timing on them running away
nice safe distance and then you can't
close the gap in time I'll be obviously
yeah that time there was too much
distance
are you
Oh
fuck oh fuck you I'm so sorry did you
see me roll out of the way how many how
many blood echoes did you eighty nine
thousand blood echoes you know when I
strained I was playing dangerous I was
running around with a guy I don't sixty
I think come axion yes upper cathedral
ward is a great place to farm blood
chunks you don't get as many chunks
there you get a bunch of like shards and
blood shard too but you go there and and
actually that's a really nice mid-level
area to farm for blood echoes as well
god fucking damnit I was ready to just
take on that pig I'm bad with names
which ones the upper cathedral area that
is the one where you fight the the weird
alien plant monsters alien dudes the
alien dudes and then the the daughter of
the cosmos but you remembered like the
area before that you fight all the tiny
Cthulhu men and all the wolves right
what else we gonna call them the insight
suckers those fuckers oh yeah oh fucking
demon oh I feel so upset about losing
all of those blood echoes it just makes
me want to kill everything but I know I
can't because they're gonna kill me
first you though
you Oh
you though when you picked up my poultry
like a couple of thousand fuck you and
your fire and your big hammer things
fuck you and your life ah I'm sorry I
know no I know you nothing I can do
that's the game that's the game I was
playing dangerous to because I had it
you know like I had the amount that I
needed to level up yeah
but then I was thinking Oh like I pride
need some extra for upgrading my weapon
so I better get some extra and then I
got greedy and then I just got greedy
and that was a lesson learned not really
learned it's a lesson that I constantly
repeat you don't use the bow this time
now I get a little bit closer there we
go a little bit closer and then you
gotta go in there fast ah fuck you Pig
some Pig fuck you Pig Charlotte's Web
nothing I don't care I'm just pissed I
know there's a thing over there I know
there's three things
thing about I'm gonna deal with these
pigs it's a pig situation I got me a
rich I gotta kill some pigs because
they're full of blood echoes and I want
a fucking level up well you know might
help if we just level up your weapon
yeah I could have enough for that I'm
sure those are all finished
I know you're trying to play it safe
right I know I'm right I love
blood-borne so much you know I think
this is a game I never would have picked
up if not for the show yep you know
possible I didn't have a ps4 I wasn't
planning on getting one why did I even
justify purchasing otherwise it's about
$60 no I like I want to say is you know
it's different one of the business
expense
it is very different oh my god I do a
review how about this yeah I fit playing
dangerous - yeah you're right yeah so
it's just one of those games where it's
like I know every I know a lot of people
love from software and their whole deal
but never got into the Dark Souls and
Here I am just having a jiffy I decided
to make a new Thai fighter game made by
Bioware would you buy it no because it's
made my night and Bioware and care about
that but EA games be dumbed down shit
guys were the whirligig goes up to 223
physical attack that's pretty exciting
but that's not my weapon bow blade
level-10 weapon here we are
oh I could upgrade Evelyn - do you use
Evelyn and she's the boss I just use it
for stammering I accept my blunt
inches-7 Oh literally it's just seven
and Evelyn is heavy on blood attack yes
no I should upgrade her - okay why not
level nine Evelyn it's gonna help why
the magician says the rune you got from
the brain gives you 30% more blood
echoes oh that's right and I was um I
like I'm still on all my runes are
frenzied resists yes like not damage
resistance right oh oh I could you know
what I'm gonna just echo it up for a
little bit more but more echoes from
visceral attacks one that I get I got I
got a moon oh my god check out what I
could do here I could triple moon it
like a triple moon in so now I have now
I have three runes that acquire more
blood echoes so they stack and stand
it's nice I want to go far there's one
thing right even farming in this game is
fun
I mean bait and basically like literally
right past those pigs is the final boss
that's it
he's right past those pigs and I'm not
ready to go there yet like I don't want
to go there yet because and obviously
you can still go back after you beat the
final boss you can still like go back
and do stuff before you find potential
final boss potential final boss sure
well it was for me it was the final boss
for me yeah because I chose as I've
talked about I chose to end would you
say you chose poorly knowing what
happens um no no I felt I felt good
about ending it that way because that's
how I wanted to end it okay
because like I said just the way I was
playing the game that made sense
that made sense to like the character in
my head the one thing I'm upset about is
that like I missed out on a cool fight
or is like oh cool fight but oh that's
right and I still need to check on that
Biddy in in cathedral ward to get my
other umbilical cord yeah yeah I know I
only have one umbilical cord right now
the house a close one yeah you fuck us
now if I can think of a nice way to deal
with those other two pigs this is this
is apparently the place where everybody
farms late in the game yeah well you're
already at 30,000 exactly
oh yeah haha that's the worst just the
worst but they make you shove your hand
up a pig's ass who already have 50,000 I
can probably get it with with dealing
with the other swordsman's over here
without dealing with those other two
pigs I might try that can have a Dark
Souls game without overpowered Japanese
swords the others Japanese developers
for making a Japanese sword be powerful
I'll fuck them fuck them what are they I
mean what were they thinking whoa oh hey
culture that grows up loving the katana
and everything to be a partner culture
dare they make that a powerful weapon in
their game
how dare Doctor Who be British
whoo argh nice right that doctor who
what a piece of shit
pompous British asshole
actually well Tennant Scottish but
obviously played British hey hey come
and get me
gonna get me just what does it upset you
the blood bornus JRPGs oh this is not a
junior I believe fuck off
leveling it has...
it has role-playing game elements which
is something I like I like leveling I
just don't like JRPG combat and usually
also characters and story but definitely
I hate that it's just a boring form of
turn-based combat where you just pick
the most efficient attack and then you
boringly spam it until one of you are
dead and it's terrible it's Pokemon it's
Pokemon
crocodile brain says miss every previous
stream of this game
thanks for playing it tonight and making
me want to buy this mm-hmm love you guys
keep up the great work
oh thank you thank you this is just the
most amazing game you know we've we've
said before you know game of the year as
far as I'm concerned just gets
everything right come along the GI Joon
will be worst when it's stopped being
the real American hero and GI Joe became
a multinational task force that annoyed
me and I think my argument to people at
the time was well somebody somebody from
from the UK mine you know was how would
you feel if doctor who was suddenly an
American right
see if we can do anything
joy no do enjoy maybe sit down stay
sitting down the other thing worked for
the eyeball monster
spoiler alert you you talked to her and
then she disappears this isn't this
isn't the embossed the end bosses in
there but isn't that creepy yep I think
beautifully creepy scheme is good at
doing creepy I'm just gonna leave her be
I think there's a lantern over here
which means we can get to some things
slightly quicker
oh that's right the elevators only
okay
where's pokemon run to right yeah rich
where's pokemon run whatever you want me
to mash the a button uh-huh we'll do it
which pokemons still here I don't know
twitch plays Pokemon has forgiven me yet
okey okey spooky Dookie says rich are
you ready for that Ninja Gaiden no death
run yet I'm not ready for now I wouldn't
need I would need more practice I've
done it before
I'm normal I'm not a crazy man who's
gonna do that master ninja I'm sure
there I know there are people out there
that good but I've done it unnormal and
if I'm going to do it and again unnormal
I would want some practice run throughs
first sure get on it
rich I have to play I have to play hole
divers today that's really true and then
or possibly more blood but these are
things I have to do these are things you
have to do can we talk about how smooth
the Helldivers runs it's like butter I
mean it's not really a 3d game it's okay
which shouldn't be using a lot of
horsepower oh I'm just saying like when
we were playing on Sunday I don't know
if people understand I was playing that
on my laptop yep and it ran beautifully
twitchplayspokemon is--are oh I'm sorry
I'm sorry twitchplayspokemon I'm sorry I
was very mean I was very mean to Pokemon
I don't uh oh
this time it's lupus says i will donate
$10 to see rich play more poker
oh I I we have said and rich has agreed
we are going to continue his mega punch
run until I die to see how far he can
make it that is just the thing that is
happening we're gonna level up
and switch place Pokemon I understand
that the PvP is a different beast I get
it I get it
she who is oh that lady is mergo is
mirko's mother Queen yarman who was
impregnated by a great one hmm
it's great yeah what happens if it's
skill could go up but blood teams could
go up - no I got a mudblood team so my
arrows - I think I think Jack plans to
get the different ending this time where
he does fight gurbin
not only that I want to do the super
ending yeah were you enjoy Larry will
you spoiler the spoilers for the people
in the spoiled chat and a game that is
less than a year old
yes I'm gonna saw I'm about to spoil the
ending of blood-borne sorry
well oh no I'm not gonna spoil I mean
obviously I'm in the end part of the
game people have been seeing how to do
things right
oh so to get the best ending in the game
you need to obtain three umbilical cords
and eat them right before the last fight
yeah and I plan on doing that okay and I
got super blood-tinged Doughboy 7077
says I still can't get over Rich's
perfect Dead Rising run love that on
YouTube that's great I just felt like
reading that comment okay feeling pretty
good feeling pretty good about where I
am right now so let's uh I'll show you
where I am on the DLC cuz I don't want
to fight the nursemaid yet
oh yeah I want to change my outfit I
change my also like the blindfold cap I
think that's really neat but my favorite
is just the black hooded iron you know
or the all the yard ghoul stuff there
goes black garb
I guess pants don't really matter but
yeah I like I love that just being like
a spooky person I don't know if I'm
reading this name right right bainfield
death says why umbilical cords because
because birth and whatnot is the theme
of this game literally this game is all
like menses you know like it's all about
like minstrels stuff in moon cycles and
being impregnated by law because ulu
godmothers and babies and blood and it's
a it's a it's a thematic thing it's
beautiful it's a beautiful thematic
family and so you get a bunch of shit
which what's your favorite bad movie
Neil Breen and DoubleDown did have a
strong showing I still think I'm going
with the room yeah yeah DoubleDown was
great so you're looking for are they
these things
one third of umbilical cord a great
relic also known as the cord of the eye
every infant great one has this
precursor to the umbilical cord every
great one loses its child and then
yearns for a surrogate the third
umbilical cord precipitated the
encounter with the pale moon which
beckoned the hunters and conceived the
hunter's dream used to gain insight a
hand so they say eyes on the inside
although no one remembers what that
truly entails and there's like there's
little hints to this all especially when
you get to the the the lecture hall
mm-hmm there's like little hints to the
umbilical cord it's beautiful but oh I
got to talk to the prostitute see if she
gave birth yet
spoiler alert it's basically jaga
spoiling the fuck out of this game and
if you care at all this time this time
probably just to leave wintry when did
this come out like in February when did
this game come out a while ago eight
months about that while it's been out a
while yeah some people where did the
price goes down a little bit though you
should get it and let's get the game
look at these hacks who caved and got a
face can I look at us look at us cuz you
can because you can't just change your
mind it has to be selling out did they
say sell out I don't know why they say
words you say caved I think that implies
some form of selling out rather than
well maybe yeah well I to be fair to
whoever said that we did talk about we
did talk about not having a facecam for
a while you're pretty adamant about not
having facecam oh she's gone where is
she now
Johnny the tape
or maybe someone will tell me you know
what oh wait maybe she'll tell me she's
still laughing yeah she just laughs and
this guy's no help so she's this way
you could I mean like pretend you didn't
have to pretend not to tell me you could
have just told okay so there's a lady
who's Norton so these are people I've
rescued who are just in town just NPCs
in town like that guy right there you
see him sitting he's a dickhead by the
way this lady over here and then there
was another lady over here who every
time he'd come back he'd talk to him and
they just have little stories little
backstories this lady kept getting
sicker and sicker and it was great and
last time I was in here she was holding
her belly and moaning and she's a
prostitute and she gives you this game
is amazing she gives you this uh this
blood is amazing as president gave you
blood well no like there's so much in
this game
here's the thing so there's so much to
this game that they don't shove in your
face with cutscenes so like this there's
this prostitute she gives you this blood
that can help you you can also get blood
from this lady who is a nun and this nun
gets jealous of the prostitute and so if
you take too much blood from the
prostitute this nun will kill her out of
jealousy is it too much or is it any
amount it's I've avoided entirely if
well and only if you drink if you drink
more than three vials of the prostitutes
blood the nun kills her out of jealousy
ah isn't that beauty is like it's all
these little story bits this guy he's a
horrible dickhead and a liar and I love
everything like and they don't shove it
in your face with cutscenes they let you
discover it like if you don't talk to
those people you forget about them then
that's fine you just forget about it
when the game goes on did you talk about
recruiting the guy his his character is
he's distrustful yes and and that's
that's a running thing I don't believe
what you say you're an outsider mm and
when you give the option to rescue him
you get to tell them where to go the the
chapel or IOA OFS
I always pronounce her name wrong I left
I asked on the X cos I asked his clinic
yeah where anybody who goes to her
clinic spoilers gets murdered right and
if you tell him because he's distrustful
if you tell him to go to the church
he'll go to the clinic but if you tell
me one of the clinic they'll go to the
church yeah they establish that he's
distrustful first which makes it work no
it's well and this is the the thing that
the theme running throughout all of the
game is no hand-holding they let you
discover all this yourself whereas other
games were cheap and out and give you a
cutscene and here you never leave your
player obviously rich told me or the
pregnant lady was go to iossef cos Jack
I already killed her is Africa yeah yeah
I already go ask oh she's in a premature
labor
what do you mean prematurely for her
umbilical cord I think they want to give
you one from her is what I'm assuming
that was oh god here it is yeah I don't
have one from her and look what happened
look what she gave birth to look at that
thing
fucking gross as shit
Oh Jack did you notice this too cuz I
did notice this MC Lucas is ringing it
up whenever you when the prostitutes
back up in the main cathedral area yeah
when you talk to her did you notice what
the nun does yeah oh yeah but she peeks
over at you as you're talking to the
prostitute yeah it's great
it's in the background you barely notice
it you have to be looking for it almost
so now in order to get the umbilical
cord I believe I have to kill it this
can you get all three after killing the
nurse there's four you can get in the
game
yeah and you get one after defeating the
nurse the nurse made the final or the
final boss yes you killed it huh
you killed it oh I didn't mean to well I
think she just always dies too I don't
quit
Oh God so again well what did I get from
her oh shoot no well there we go
isn't that beautiful you killed a
prostitute after she gave birth to a
monster and that beautiful prostitute
who gave her give you her blood to help
you to help you that's a that's an
incredible movement that's beautiful
isn't that an incredibly moving moment
but we didn't have to right right rich
we didn't have to kill I know I know
that's what makes it beautiful is like
it means some just said yeah well I know
the word I use beautiful it might be
inappropriate or whatever but do you
really need them question mark Jack you
want to answer that because you're
spoiling the fuck out of everything well
that's what we're doing today so there
there's several different endings to the
game and the final boss if you want the
true true ending you need to consume
three umbilical cords before fighting
the boss and I believe you can't like I
could consume these now if I wanted to I
believe yeah you just need to consume
three and then if you beat when you beat
the boss you get the true ending the
true real hardest or whatever ending
but you don't need that's the beautiful
thing about the game is you could make
it through the whole game without doing
anything with those unbiblical chords
mm-hmm and that's great but then you
find them and then there's little clues
in the game and you could figure it out
or you could just by happenstance eat
them because they give you insight I
have 92 inside I've never had this much
inside Django $2.99
why because when you're a madman never
been there I've also been playing this
game with like full insight
I honestly try to keep it down because I
understand this makes the game harder
Esme doesn't make the game a lot harder
it's just like a few extra enemies I
honestly haven't noticed anything
because I'm so level let's go let's do
it let's go full what about these aren't
great one wisdom use boom 95 things are
getting crazy yeah the prostitute is
connected to the baby so you'll have to
kill her
oh that's great well if you want the
umbilical cord you have to go yeah you
can get you get three by other means
yeah it's possible not to or if you
don't want the umbilical cords no that's
great didn't kill the other lady who's
kind of a bitch
so yeah I already get killed I Oh Seth
God I did not know she had an umbilical
cord or DOMA and then I think we already
know this but what says go to the back
entrance of Iosefa this clinic and
you'll find her on a table in a room
kill her and get another umbilical cord
also the other one is in the old hunters
workshop yep I got the true ending you
you already killed Iowa I hate for us to
fucking name hold on I have iOS Co I
call io io f io stefka is Seth Kaka
you killed her early I killed her early
apparently a kind of combat and I just
had a regular fight with it yeah I went
to the clinic there's a good there's a
blob bobblehead monster there and then
she talks about crazy stuff and I killed
her did you even do you even know that
you could get no coffee yeah but I think
that's great
yeah no I think it's all great okay I'm
now at level 99 inside what can I do
nothing I don't know let's go see if I
can buy any weird shit can you get a
hundred
can you get on it don't think I think
nightcaps at 99 i think i don't know
i'll see can i buy any weird chip now
that I have 99 does that open up
anything to me well I can get a living
string would that be great if it like
you could only get an item if you had 99
no I guess not and everything looks the
same
can you get a hundred in sight
hi insight just makes the church hunters
in the cathedral ward do more damage
that's it that's all
okay just AIA set your safe car it's a
it's hard it's a hard name oh look at
these little monster oh you so see their
cones they're cold in their little brush
yo Yosef calm yo'self cap Oh mom nothing
works okay
we're we're going out we're going to the
new area new area go go go go go go go
I'll show you where I is nightmare
Church Booya crazy man Jack I'm looking
crazy man so I made my way through most
of the the West parts like I found I
found like the one weapon that's like a
claw of an animal did you find that I
don't even remember this oh it's so
fucked up it's just like an arm of an
animal that you can use as a weapon and
it's either like a big club or a spear
it's great I found all the weapons I was
doing pretty well until I got to this
fucker over here I know I got the pizza
cutter the piece I got a big hammer was
that guy I hate I don't want to fight
that guy he's I hate him you got the
fire hammer did you get the did you get
the minigun no I don't think I got the
minigun oh you got to get the minigun I
know you sure I was only in the DLC
briefly I'm just in it for that one
stream and then since then it's been
hell divers for me oh sure oh these guys
yeah they're great
do I have it on me oh I do the Gatling
gun you can get a Gatling gun and you
have to fight a hunter for it he's tough
as shit cuz he just keeps firing at you
okay so you've fought this guy here
do you remember yes okay this is the
horse guy I was talking about and you
know the scouts and say helpless hunter
do you want do you want other people to
join it uh you know what maybe let me
try let me try once I'm a little more
level now and uh oh I almost playing
offline I'll have to go online everybody
get ready you're ready for it see how
did you look at this and see off-course
look this guy's looks like a horse
look he's got a horse head that's
totally horsey and you see that as
beasts head
what
nah
not killing it not killing it hey
everybody check it ready to help check
out your we're probably gonna need some
help yeah that's exactly what he did to
me last time by the way but this is this
is Ludwig this is the guy who had that
holy sword yes the first hunter right
right but I kept calling him a horse guy
and we're just like what the fuck are
you talking about it's like it looks
like a horse yeah you see other people
are seeing horse heads to be bucks if
you go behind him too I see a giant
thing yeah oh listen I don't deny that
he also was I would describe this lump
that's all know he has like his legs are
very horse like you have to fight the
lump his legs are very horse like run so
the witch doesn't get me
she slits my throat you know what I
found myself using a lot of this game
pebbles yeah you know you're like you
throw a pebble at one guy in that that
distracts them and pulls them away from
a group of guys hmm nice dodge you know
you like that nope
wow this is gonna be a short one
Wow maybe you should save your hell
files for when you have a group of
people to help you
I can't believe my dad
Oh get out of here Horst guy couple more
times come on I that is like the most
damage I've ever done to him I can I I'm
bad at fighting Luther I've heard his
bad horrible tough boss well he is oh
yes I see the horse other people are
seeing the horsey - it's definitely a
horse it's a horse man man man actually
actually gehrman was the first hunter
Ludwig was the first hunter for the
healing church Oh
nerds rich get your lore together it's
important all the little story bits all
the little story bits that are just
there in the peripheral there for you to
find if you so wish well got a poison
knife yeah that'll do great damage
against a it's probably the hardest boss
oh yeah yeah
oh fuck you can also get an npc to fight
along with you Oh fucking witch almost
got me I paused at the door
that was a better - I felt good about
that fuck
like all cell bosses get up and dad ass
I don't think plus you have the moon
room sound - I do I have all they get
more get more blood echoes ruins on rich
what are you doing you're blood-borne no
lost echoes from blood-borne would take
too long to play for me to stream that
actually that was going on when I
streamed it solo I was in the middle of
that and lost it during the stream oh
yeah yeah two more attempts then we'll
call in the cavalry so but you know I
like a minute a half okay what do we
wanting what do we want it what do we
want here we want probably just all day
mark the time oh wait till I go in
obviously let's see here
mark the time from the time Jack is done
with his runes mark the time thanks
files he'll do it honestly - don't don't
just pause for a minute and a half
I'm just curious oh yeah yeah no I'll
try it I just think it'll take me longer
to like just to get there I I know I
know okay so we want more stamina
obviously don't do a transform stuff
what else we want can I get a visceral
attack on them but that's the question
or it's like I love the visceral attacks
you know like Betty they do more damage
or restore HP I love those but if I
can't get a visceral attack on them they
won't do me shit for shit so we just
need all physical damage reduction yeah
that's good cavalry what cavalry what
did you say I know I say things wrong
all the time it's bad that's a truth fan
that's a true thing whatever you
whatever and all damage reduction so
physical damage reduction and all damage
reduction plus max stamina plus stamina
recovery speed up because that's the
only good glowing Road
I have great oh oh I got a ton of new
tendon ooh I got a ton of new gems too
gonna up my gem game oh look at these
look at these gems I don't even know
what they'd oh oh look at that
yeah yes look at that blood attack boom
that's fucking hot
Wow we're just physical right no there
we go
that's great oh oh there we go
whatever is blue go blue go blue or go
home and now I'm saying give me you feel
me
what it's major blue wait what is the
down fact weapon durability down 51.80
oh one fight is that going to matter
make sure you repair it first or turbine
that's a lot of physical attack ability
to have 51% over 5000 weapon durability
down 50 1.8 that's a lot
not percent though just 58 1.8 points
and the blade only has a hundred and I
clip one that was - like 20 something
that's not a big deal it seemed like it
made a big difference and this is twice
that yeah I think that's too much also
we're talking about one fight I don't
know I know jack I don't know yeah
you're right one fight I just have to
remember to remove it what happens if
your weapon breaks do you lose it
I've never had a weapon break up you
don't want to take the chance I don't I
haven't either so I understand if you
don't wanna take the chance it's
probably just more to repair it right in
case it's not
making sure I have all the high numbers
highest numbers did he just put blood
attack into his weapon question mark
well he's using the bow I'm using the
blow which uses water back using the
blow I thought you killed the prostitute
did you take on her power get out of
here but what the the bow blade uses
blood attack and so I'm upping the blood
attack which is a good thing for the bow
blade let's just make sure it's all
repaired oh I don't have any echos what
are we at now 134 yeah you know what
we'll see we'll see what happens we'll
see what happens let's uh okay I'm done
repairing now I gotta get to the food oh
you know what I always do this I go all
the way around when I can just go
through the workshop and I always
remember when I'm halfway through go go
on to the hunters nightmare cuz all the
other headstones are down there
everything's fine everything's fine
let's do this I am ready rich I am ready
do you think I mean here's my here's my
time starts now
here's my real prediction maybe I can
get his first form down whether that's a
third or a half whatever his first form
is maybe I can get him down okay I'll
even run don't even run there we're
going for his first form that's all I
care about like you're saying no you
won't lose it by the way with the weapon
okay good
don't get me which don't get me which I
don't never use the blood attack weapon
don't know how that works blood attack
is the shooting aspect of weapons
usually I'm the gun but he's using the
bow so it's both a sword and a gun as
far as how the blood attack house
see any damage on that
fuck
fuck
Wow they're not even not even close yeah
does this game have stealth builds can
you can't you expect your character to
go undetected no they do have um so stop
your timer they do have this have you
seen this did you get the blue huh the
blue elixir they have the blue elixir
which makes still bodies undetected
don't think it would be practical to go
through the game right and they have the
I don't think you're gonna beat the
bosses that way oh no oh I did I had
some cold blood
oh my where is it it's great
do you see this
yeah I've seen no wasn't ever use it I
think this is more for like when you
play in other people's games oh yeah you
can like disguise yourself as a
messenger DPD you attack you know as
soon as he attack you turn back into a
person but in that funny I think like I
said before that's for like player
versus player stuff so you can hide
yourself yeah amongst the messengers the
hanukkah okay
go on blood go on full blood we're gonna
try we're gonna try a little bit
different tactic
run past the wit run pass away you think
the aesthetic of this game really is
gorgeous I wish I could see Jack and
rich in there as characters oh god no
this is not a world I would want to live
in
oh but what work
and there we go so I'm saying 933 why
was 933 yeah you know paused to talk
about blood attack so I don't know I
don't know now it's 933 all the time now
it was 1033 for us but I thought 9
minutes 33 seconds your time on that oh
it's a make it through twice yeah yeah I
can only imagine the actual fight time
was less than 30 seconds probably okay
so let's uh go into our network options
and go oh wait I'm playing an offline
mode I think we need to exit the game
okay can you just give them title no
probably do it yeah just go back to the
side online play online oh we need to
plug into the Internet
this is dangerous
what's your what's your health had in
that game like vitality actually both my
vitality and my yeah because before I
started leveling for skill I was pretty
even pretty even keel along all the axes
so so I'm still dying to that guy and I
did have help when I went to him in the
first place right but I don't think I'd
died as fast from the attacks I think I
lost less health relatively speaking
yeah but I probably have more points of
vitality than you do
oh no don't start the game and did you
start an offline mode I've had it
I have to hold on doodlee doodlee the
doobly is turned off and even though we
are directly hard plugged into an
internet we need to tell it that we're
plugged into the Internet carry Lasher
urban vermin and the new hobbyist 15
months in a row boo thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's really true we really do every
single one of you we've really
appreciate it putting out your
hard-earned money helped rich and I play
video games and entertain you all
hopefully we entertain you we really
hope we do we try we try to entertain
you
well while insulting people oh don't
find now I'm shocked it'll bother still
talking to me
I am Bobby Sam Oh bothers great login
area
now we're getting there we're going out
oh I should probably game back on
oh okay continue
we're just earning a little blood part
servers so I'm gonna go kill that which
I'm gonna get right in front of the boss
and we're and someone's gonna come and
help me okay
what's password did I have to make that
already I'm sure I think was already in
there oh and we set it to worldwide
password is prereq p re re c p re re c
all lowercase matching regions worldwide
great so now I'm gonna go I'm just gonna
go kill the witch just because I don't
want her to be a nuisance
oh you carry the Wicked Witch of the
West did you imagine
Wizard of Oz which looks like this
Dorothy going Jesus Christ fucking glad
I killed that bitch that's not what I
wanted
okay so now we need Oh God the beckoning
Bell use insight to ring and call to
other worlds for help oh my god there's
crows over here
fucking crows probably the magician I
know there's a delay but it's already
been set the world wide that is done but
thank you for reminding apparently there
are crows over here just make sure
there's no other monstrosity by the way
yeah I'll wait in this pile of bones I
have not watched the expanse on Sci Fi
is it any good try again sci-fi shows
are either really good or other garbage
is that usually the case would you say I
haven't watched then find a one a real
good one first game Battlestar Galactica
Battlestar Galactica was great
Battlestar Galactica was great did you
bring the Bell huh did you bring the
Bell
I rang the bell I can kill these
skeletons that true uh-huh I don't want
to they just they're not hurting anybody
here we go so I killed that I killing
that I made me feel bad but there but a
helicopter says if I kill the Skelton's
they give me blood files but I don't
need blood vials I'm full actually they
gonna kill skeleton I kill one I don't
he's lying
see there's like a little note guy right
here that you could pretend to be I
think he's lying about counting
skeletons the one banging on the gate oh
the one banging back on the game yeah so
I have to I don't have to stay in this
area to I don't think so okay this poor
skeleton look at him let me in that's
just creepy as hell of that great
covered in blood and goop yo
it's great all these like rocks with
skulls in them everything about this
game is the greatest but I like horror I
like weird stuff this is what drew me
over like even playing Dark Souls a
little bit ones I think are creeper the
ones just like normal people kind of
half frozen and rock what they're
running away from something yes we
really get the sense that those didn't
start off as rocks like this
architecture yeah there's a lot of that
in cainhurst castle like a lot of like
weird statues that are like sucked into
walls and stuff like so I never read the
comics did Jessica Jones and do the
characters justice did you finish
Jessica I didn't okay oh and I never
read the comics yeah I never read alias
but I really liked Jessica Jones as a
show she seems like a bit more of a
bitch in the show she's a bitch good
mean she's yeah she's a bit of a bitch
but it all works out and I'll you
figured out like daredevil had me hooked
after two episodes after that second
episode I was 100% into daredevil
Jessica Jones took more like four
whereas like and I'm not quite sure and
just the other day Lisa and I were
talking about like shows to watch and
it's like I do want to rewatch jessica
jones because wery watched all of
daredevil yeah i guess it's still good i
still liked it
anyone want to come and help me I need
some help with the horses
nobody isn't know he's gonna help out
here is their neck connected right yeah
we wouldn't be able to use the beckoning
bell if we weren't okay okay
I'm waiting to be connected no luck yet
I'm just gonna wait I'll just do this
in the meantime are you two close to the
foster or something weird I don't know I
don't know how internet works in this
game we just check out my just using my
blade a little bit oh my god I was out
before my last two boss fights I was at
130 something for durability wasn't and
now about 119 like that that takes it
down pretty significantly yeah so by the
way for anyone who will be joining in
here's my plan
I'm gonna hang back and shoot it with my
bow and arrow and I'm just gonna keep
you know this guy what are you I'm just
gonna keep shooting it with my bow and
arrow while it attacks and you you get
up in there and attack it and then our
combination together it'll be great I'm
trying but they don't let me come to you
walk to a different area there might be
something weird going on here maybe I'd
back over here yeah is it because oh is
it because there are guys
well the ghosts are like people that are
walking around right now right the white
ghosts I don't know I thought those were
like just ghosts people passed
or do I need to go to where I rang the
bell kill your internet with fire oh
there telling
cummick seeing them oh yeah like our
internet it's great
there's ridiculous internet here the
internet at the studio is good no
ridiculous we got upload videos oh I
know like there are days where I just
want to take my laptop here did you do
people have a bright password prereq one
word all lowercase P re are easy you had
a password before yeah we have a
password we have a network password
here's the password again password
matching prereq all one word all
lowercase P re er easy the ghost so what
are the ghost players in your server oh
okay you see that I still want to do the
thing we're like I can mutate my guy I
really want that I see a bunch of
players with like mutated heads and shit
and I love it save plates safe place
weights ahead
that doesn't make any sense there's no
safe places around Oh probably here
like if you're coming from this way yeah
well it's really helpful they probably
discover that on your own really quickly
yeah I know I always play an offline
mode ring the bell again I don't think I
can that's still the symbol still okay
okay are you doing ghosty maybe we have
to be near it I'm gonna go back to like
the area Oh see that see that guy's
weapon that scythe you get that if you
kill Ludwig in the best ending I think
or not Ludwig via the the main bad guy
like if you eat all the umbilical cords
and you kill him you get that psifas
weapon and I fuckin want that yes Oh
bother I was I was really just being
goofy we really appreciate you playing
with us so bother and rich there's
absolutely zero things wrong with your
voice rich I'm just in a poor attempt at
comedy because let's be honest about any
attempts of rich at comedy it's always
poor okay I'm okay with that
okay I'm gonna help me you wanna help me
oh we're gonna help divers spin I got
that achievement by the way I don't know
if you if you uh then this you know what
it was you can't you have to spin on
someone else's ship someone else's ship
so like you know how you like you're on
your ship a lot right and whoever's if
you join someone else's game an hour on
their ship which of course looks
identical to yours then you spend a
bunch of time to get the achievement for
dancing queen because it's ridiculous
okay so I know you you don't care about
achievements
I got a really great achievement on my
Steam this is just what I'm talking
about while we're waiting for people
join I like looking at like the rare
achievements you know the achievements
that you have that not a lot of other
players have in Helldivers I completed a
mission in under five minutes
achievement that's pretty rare one and I
like that one
there's something uneasy uh any easy it
wasn't an easy one it was a lighter one
yeah there was four of us and I want to
say a couple of us were were you know
knew the game more are you got come get
up that's the point you should have you
open this up to anybody it is open to
everyone
I mean blog the password oh sure well
you know we want to give people a chance
just waiting just the horse boss wait
doo-doo-doo ma-na-ma-na doo-doo
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo I
keep bringing it up Oh bother because
I'm worried you didn't know I was
kidding that's all your regular and I
don't want to hurt your feelings is what
that maids I'd like to believe that
it'll bother understands what is this oh
is there always there fight in here will
there be a fight in here
I don't know Comiskey and I think
there's just something weird going on
here and if you want to restart at the
PlayStation or what what's the plan jack
well here's what we're gonna try it I'm
gonna silence sciencing blank okay never
bring it again yep
boom okay so now we're gonna go to a
different space because maybe this
wasn't a good place to do it right in
front of the boss so I'm gonna go inside
where the lantern is that seems like a
nice safe space right
so now I'm going to ring the bell again
but just before I do that you know
network settings here work set to world
ride and the same same details the same
details so the password is prereq all
one word all lowercase P re re C now
we're gonna try to ring that Bell again
I mean I have all this inside I could
bring this Bell all day
could not discover the chime of a small
Bell
what who
no insight was consumed I think it does
until you find someone also what was
going on with the whole thing what's
happening around my feet I don't know
that that's what happens when you bring
the belt oh okay I thought it was like
some standing on this thing you know a
bunch of us are trying to get someone
with no luck maybe try rebooting the ps4
yeah we'll try it we'll give that a try
rich have you found the party cave in
the nightmare I'm not sure probably not
if I don't know what you're talking
about one you didn't get you didn't get
very far in the DLC and maybe I'll see
you cuz we started playing house I
reckon I started playing Helldivers and
I'm fine with that
this is Rich's second online multiplayer
game yeah I'd like to I'd like to I'd
like to say I'm proud of you you're
getting out of your comfort zone why
it's kind of sad
what do you mean they only gone sooner
or later but but you're having fun I
can't pick it up whenever yeah then then
someday like like three years two years
no yeah maybe even just a year sir I
wanna play oh there are there's nobody
playing that's what's gonna happen sure
but you're having fun right now then
isn't that great it's only great for low
got his whirligig okay kids there are
any spaces and the password before
prereq they're asking oh I wonder
nope
nope
so we're just gonna exit yeah rebooting
yep you know we're gonna close down
close down bloodborne closed application
closing it down you do that I think I'm
gonna ban myself for that fake Star Wars
boiler I gave Rich's funny rich says and
does funny things and I like that about
him I'm a contradictory asshole
restarted restarting hold on my gosh
so how you doing jet guys you guys
feeling alright doing alright everybody
is everybody having a good day
rocket League you bet it well you know
Richie only played a little star wars
battlefront but he's been he's been
really into rocket League and now he's
really into Helldivers and so I count
that as like the two you know the two
games that I've helped get him into that
he probably would not have tried because
they're online okay starting up the ps4
again you know the problem was there's
this control we need the other
controller here we go
I like this controller better I don't
know why I don't know why but I like it
better I tend to use this white
controller more than the other
controller feels better when did I
substantia me Jim I still say Jimmy Jim
I've jimmy-jam was a placeholder word
that I would say when I was having
trouble thinking of a word and I think
I've just gotten a lot better at saying
words like that so
as we've been doing this for quite some
time so I've just grown more comfortable
so I've just gotten better at saying
words and so I don't need as many filler
words like Jimmy Jam
it's my jam Jimmy
pretty good day I spoiled the entire the
force awakens for myself so I'm
satisfied listen just stay right off
that internet and that's tough for us we
are people of the internet you are you
are here on the internet right now being
a person of the internet and trying to
stay off of the Internet
mate server maintenance notice heads up
heads up
yeah we saw that Kojima's done you know
good for him
hopefully he's found a long home a nice
home a nice home to be in maybe someone
who does some good sony was a helps
produce Helldiver so they can make good
stuff Jack you Skrillex ZipZap thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
all right we're gonna try this beckoning
Bell again oh wait let me double check
that all my info is all the same
worldwide prereq you know the stuff
let's do it beckon
we're beckoning welljust beckoned
I just beckoned right this Pharaoh we've
discovered a chime restarting the ps4
has worked who's gonna help I'm seeing
Lucas approval he's spinning spin you
bastard it's great twirling twirling oh
what's that
what's the sinister Bell a bell ringing
woman what is that
I noticed that MC Lucas has on the
father gar skull had oh yeah
I approve you approve that how you prove
that that happened wait what was what
was it was that an evil Bell do we have
to fight to fight someone now
no you're gonna wait for somebody else
you have more than one person you can
yeah I had to really yeah that's awesome
why'd you give it up once you give it a
minute sure sure
we're giving it a minute rich you smell
good tonight
it's creepy that you know that check
behind the chicken sure
we're sitting and waiting for to see if
anyone wants to come and help look it
turned into a pirouette I like that huh
smooth look at who the sinister Bell
resident what is that what's the
sinister Bell adversary oh oh shit
what does that mean I think we have to
fight someone yeah you don't think you
have to do anything
murder
whoa
well we woke up that bastard way to go
why don't you kill that bastard while
he's distracted
well I if I would have thought about it
I'm distracting him so MC Lukas can
fight that's my job I think I'm Lukas
probably needs your help
oh my god oh this is madness
get him
fuck
Jesus Christ it's a terrible idea this
is exciting is what this is oh my god
you're gonna die I did I just died
I've never fought an adversary before
rich I've never played online before so
first for me too this is crazy what
happens now you have to do it again
you're being invaded Jack fucking run
for it
what's an info oh because people know
the passwords are they invading on
purpose
oh that could be oh I get it
well fuck well now that I know they're
doing it on purpose
are they still out there fighting no I
think it's some of them again I'm gonna
go take care of that which I'm gonna do
it again I'm gonna summon again if you
find the bellringer it stops adversaries
from coming so the problem is we got to
find this bell ringing I think you only
do that once you're here it says I don't
think if she comes until you summon the
bell jars place so I think that's the
thing is you can either you can either
you can there's uh if I'm remembering
correctly
as one of these
well oh I have a choir belt
I think isn't one of these things like a
like a be a vile blood or whatever I
don't understand
watch me not understand okay we're gonna
go back to the church we're gonna beckon
some people and if these fuckers try it
again we're gonna take him out no mercy
no mercy I was confused and scared I was
a little scared mostly confused slightly
hungry that's not the button I wanted to
press all right
or taking some fuckers out what's the
problem with the Star Trek beyond trail
or the problem is it's not the trailer
for Star Trek beyond its it's the
trailer for Fast and the Furious 6 I
can't wait to watch this I haven't seen
it I don't care about Star Trek's
anymore but now that you say Beastie
Boys are involved is it sabotage
basically saying it's random it's not
people on purpose okay yes yeah moon
front to the point Jack huh to the point
Oh any moves discover the time of a
smaller isn't it Bell great the bell
ringing woman rings a sinister Bell I
think this is on purpose this has
happened again
oh look at that shield I want that
shield MC Lucas how far is Jack from the
shield people who know this I'll get it
right there before you get invaded now I
just kind of want to fucking take him
out on purpose now I just want to wait
for invaders don't you you want to do
that wait all night can the invaders
come into the boss fight look at that
blue sword you get the blue sword
well that I think is doing something
okay you'd be ready jack all right you
guys know the plan I hit him with the
bow and arrow obviously I will try not
to die
try to heal
surprisingly decent amount of damage and
if I could hit him just right I can like
I can maybe stun him oh shit no good
Jack you don't good huh whoa fuck fuck
wait'll he's being distracted alright
seems to be the key heel oh oh a second
form okay
I can only see them second foam there's
no way we beat him that quick
Oh
yep okay
all right
don't be anywhere near that blade being
just in front of it will work you want
one to the side that's kind of thing
where he shoots forward okay with the
sword that killed me once I backed it
far away oh he's gonna do an explosion
yeah he didn't do an explosion he did
like a laser beam straight out that he
loaded my ass
holy fuck teamwork teamwork that boat
late is good yeah especially in a team
setting that works great MC and move
front way to go thank you both oh yes
thank you
hey get it all right jack what find his
head oh well let me cancel the yeah
there we go
find his head there's yeah go to his
straight head
yeah that looks like a head right there
okay
do you see the Horsehead yeah
can I kill his head should I kill his
head what do you think yes yes I should
uh that's the glowing sword
oh it uses Quicksilver I think it uses
Chris over blast to shoot forward that
is fairly rad by just look at that
that's a cool looking sword too while
we're here yeah chat people yeah just
just in case like this oh yeah
people people familiar with the dlc how
hard would it be how long would it take
me to Jack a shield I'm gonna get Jack a
shield Oh would you be able to guide
Jack to the shield you know what if it's
not if it's not close that's fine if
it's not close that's fine but if it's
close I've been eyeing up that shield it
really wants the shield no and you know
what I was just having so much problems
with him I think now I can find it on my
own but let's just take a peek did you
take a peek what's next
hey that was willing to stream edit you
just left okay I'm just gonna let's just
take a peek I'll see what's next
okay
so there's something in there the shield
is not close okay but it's before the
next boss oh that's oh it's okay like
you know it's oh oh oh shit
shields in the next area but only works
against magic projectiles it's in like
the very next room but the room is huge
whoo oh there was a fucker with a cannon
I was wondering why it died oh yeah
that's fine okay Oh like I I'm just
gonna explore this area a little bit and
then we can call it a night but that was
great thank you guys thanks you you
didn't you did the boss on your first
try with home with health yes I took
like three well but you know like that's
the I think that's the really neat thing
about the bow blade especially in a
co-op setting where it's just like I was
able to just a peg it and you saw like a
lot of times I would peg it and he would
go prone and so you know they could rip
his guts out it's great that was great
that bow blade is yzma jams all right
we're gonna

[Part IV]
so yeah there's a creepy guy in there
there's my blood echoes I see if we can
uh locked maybe a key see if we can not
get hit by the guy with the cannon oh if
only I had a ranged weapon my condom
I go around the corner come around the
corner
Oh
Oh
I thought I was wrong across it's okay
it's okay
it's really only good for the next
section - oh well you know because it
only deflects effectively against magic
bolts like that arcane attacks like the
one guy like what's face or shoot net
yeah oh yeah like Michael wash yeah yeah
still something nice to have you know
like I never carry um I never carry a
torch with me mhm it's like right now I
just have two guns that I only use the
one so it might be might be something
nice to have in my just something
different yet we're playing it better
safe than sorry with the Star Wars
spoilers tonight as they friendly
reminder sadly reminder further reminder
anybody wants to post a spoiler whether
or not it's fake you will be banned for
the day
because we're not taking chances there
don't care that fuckhead now I can fight
you for real
yeah
give me oh you don't got any goodies
fuck you mean that sedative me where's
my lantern
I forgot what it was supposed to be a
downside to losing a lantern right do
you get spotted by enemies easier or
something or am I wrong about that I
have no idea no you know if you use the
torch
oh the fists I haven't heard anything
about this weapon so I assume it's bad
oh is it a gun what is this look at this
a chunk of iron fitted with finger hole
I think you can stun people just by
punching them and it doesn't consume at
all oh we're gonna try that out we're
definitely gonna try that out I want
that it's right here look it's right
there that's great I just want to punch
someone Jeff saying mega pawn oh I don't
like this area
endo Crom mega pond oh this this could
be boss badly
got these people with Alzheimer's
penguin Jake Skrillex ZipZap oh that
looks like a boss battle I don't think I
want to get into that yet and Kelly van
Dre thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
well it's true we really do okay Aaron
oh that lady in the face do it didn't do
anything I just punched her in the face
I'm not really happy about that
obviously I need my gun but that was
Gabriel one two uppercut I threw my gun
back I'm glad that that blood-borne has
a mega punch now right that's something
different we like that oh we got a
people are saying those two NPCs are
pretty brutal oh yeah he'll see you know
what maybe I can just get my blood that
goes back fuck those two guys we don't
care about them my bill just get my
blood that goes back and uh that one
shootin well I know that I know that
this bitch over here look at her look at
her hiding over there like a bitch
yeah yeah now you come over here is that
even that's just a normal Church clothes
right I don't know you know what I watch
me not know if it's lady
it's a bitch because they're hiding
but
one of the magic seems like a problem
yeah well that's why I'm trying to like
get stuff in between us
those are really hard to get encounters
with the bow blade with the bow blade
yes but I have right now I just have a
gun you know something these people
don't regenerate right oh oh I was there
I love that lady's power though you know
you can hear it
Laura the melee one in the hallway deal
with the caster afterwards Oh does the
the the caster might not come into the
hallway okay that's how you choose him
that's great I like that that was close
though
do you seem just too slick I'm good you
were doing good you're not bad a blood
boy I you know what it was is I saw I
saw the light at the end of the tunnel
where like I knew if I could just get
her a couple more times I had her cover
now I know they're there so that gives
me an advantage when I go through yep
and you know where the fist is but don't
use the fist on them
but look a fucking fist oh I'd love to
try it to see how it works it's just
something that's relatively easy easily
countable right
you gotta get dangerously close
I wonder what the advantages just not
using the ammo is that all you get out
of it I wonder oh you know let's try it
doesn't actually seem to be my not stuff
huh it doesn't provide sucks
then what's the point none
let's read this while shit unless you
read this while I was banned what
oh no next Skrillex ZipZap says
jiggery-pokery jiggery-pokery jiggly
picker a jig or a bigger a jig or a pic
read
Hellcats striker says rich I've been
watching rlm since 2011
thanks for the years of great work by
the way have you seen the new Star Wars
and did you enjoy it enjoy blood-borne I
have I have not seen it yet believe it
or not they they they didn't give us
free you know a pre-release viewing of
the film oh that's weird
I don't know why like a Disney Star Wars
executive wouldn't give red letter media
the chance to see their Star Wars movie
early that was like one of the
conditions George Lucas they never yeah
so that did not happen we have to see it
with everyone else we're going we're
gonna see a midnight showing tomorrow so
and then okay it's striker Oh Merry
Christmas rich and Jack thank you a
Hellcat striker merry Christmas to you
as well thank you again Merry Christmas
I almost forgot to remove that weird-ass
blood gem that uh takes my weapon
durability down somebody's saying boo
for assigned seating I'm simply talking
about the movie Oh assigned seating is
the greatest assigned seating is the
greatest thing to happen shakes out so
much headache of going to the movies yep
you get your tickets early and it's not
a problem
and you can get your tickets early yeah
Oh get your tickets early yeah you good
seats you know you're getting good seats
you can go the day before you don't have
to sit in the retard line for like two
five hundred you don't know they're
gonna see the four surly five hours
early just so you know you know you get
the right seat a good seat
see it I want gets rid of that that tent
bullshit
tent - bullshit people like in a tent
outside for the boner so they can grab
the good seeds you'll see the new movie
yep I think I got the good I am I am a
proponent of where we did our assigned
seating me as well I think it's great I
also love like you know we we have the
Marcus cinemas here and they like have
gotten rid of all of their old movie
seats and now every single seat is just
a giant ass chin it's great if you're a
fat asshole sir and obviously I have a
fat asshole so this is the best thing
well I think it's the rest of it not
just the whole so they have their dream
loners which I love okay we're gonna try
this again now no but I don't need to go
all the way the fuck around does anyone
know if Lucas has heard of the planket
reviews we don't know that he has but he
probably has I'm sure he has yep look at
the name of that lantern the underground
corpse pile you know all of them are
just like you know I said guys
clinically the healing Church of
literally the upstairs healing the
corpse pile we make a movie and all you
do is get criticized
I'm so much fun there's a piece of
artwork I was trying to harken back to
old serials they here 880 billion
dollars and those fuckers at red letter
media can't get an advanced copy no
matter how big they get it was just a
coincidence and I sold the whole
franchise and discussed recently I would
go that far
it was blaming us for that though if we
did we did a service to humanity
I feel bad for I kind of feel bad for
George Lucas George Lucas is four
billion dollars I feel 0% bad for
somebody who has four billion dollars
unless they have like super cancer - Shh
- Shh no you know like not only that but
I say another thing you know no that's
just where that was like not only you
know does he have four bajillion dollars
or however much money they gave him he
has had the resources talent equipment
everything at his disposal to make any
movie he's ever wanted - yeah since Star
Wars and he hasn't whatever I sneaked up
on his Biddy you just Nick it stock up
on hundreds before but I think the way
she's positioned it's probably not gonna
happen and I just knocked over that
stack of books throw the pebble just
like pastor ed Ferrell do nothing
surprise run out to the hallway Jack you
running you've a Grove the other one is
wanna play a game
okay you coming well yep you coming you
coming here
he made strange magic yeah was that a
small personal art film strange magic
you know people just didn't get this
range magic time nobody's made an
animated movie about fairytales before I
just think audiences weren't ready
that's definitely what it was
fuck you I would love this Ludvig on
losing battle yeah up through the
fucking wall you fucker from software
you dickheads you're really low on hill
huh thank you
Oh is she stuck you know what oh wait
she might be stuck take care of the
other one no we're gonna play we're
gonna play from software's game yeah I
like your game now huh you can hit me
with your a wall fuck what fuck didn't
didn't see that coming
no no no we did this last time I
remember I remember are we gonna argue
about the pronunciation of Ludvig now
can the answer be now and in German W is
pronounced like a V and Ludvig is a
German name so I'm presuming perhaps
wrong that the intended pronunciation is
Ludwig who
rich what do you think the Helldiver can
be a pretty good pretty good held I have
a community have you run into jerks not
that frequently
no no I've not specifically ran into any
it oh oh yeah you got stuck up there
fuck you oh oh shit running away
but it's not that coming right say
croissant
what croissant croissant he's got an e
in their crest luck croissants a
croissant
who how do you pronounce it France what
for some croissant croissant or cry son
I don't pronounce it cry sont Croix or
pray
they'll get Jack getting good I felt
good about that I if it fish in here
cool oh that's just a bird no those are
the rats what the fuck okay you know
there's there's rats in the in the in
the tombs in the what do you call them
in the chalice dungeon but they don't
have big fucking yellow eyes like that I
don't like the eye oh I want to go an
offline one again I don't think they
suspect what do you what do you what do
I think of Donald Trump I think he is
the greatest performance artist of our
generation this whole thing is an Adult
Swim bit it's a board billionaire is
what it is he wants attention is an
egomaniac and he wants attention and but
he started I don't think he ever thought
there was a chance in hell this would go
as far as it has and I think he's just
writing it out now
played Jedi Academy you want me to play
the one with lame characters I mean I
have an eye pendant well I guess I'm
gonna do it outcast is the better one
head pendant I don't know if that was
the right call putting that out there
so into this I'm so into this DLC rich I
know I know you are look at this I know
game of the year you don't like Jade no
I don't like Jade Jade is a lame non
character with no personality
kalca tarns fun character and it kind of
made him an idiot in Academy and you
don't play as him
fuck Academy
it's just an elevator all right all
right
elevators get more elaborate rich
elevators good bread this is crazy so I
need a key there's a key down there
there's rooms that are locked there's
rooms that are locked and I need a key
make sure to check below the elevator oh
really I'm hearin oh now you're talking
Chad give me the goods
give me this yeah I don't know if that's
something I ever would have done I've
done that on accident a couple times
like you know letting it send an
elevator up in there near go got stuck
like this man jump off
oh hello
oh hello nice hmm Thank You Chad Oh Oh
sis Lawrence's skull oh the fuck is that
lawrence skull just check real quick
just gonna check real quick with that
lawrence the skull is dududududu him no
III like J just fine I said Jayden he's
the non protagonist of Jedi Academy he
or she or whatever oh it's that you
needed to open Jedi are naturally boring
characters they're supposed to be boring
here Kyle guitars been the only one I
could stomach because he doesn't view
himself as a Jedi he's just an asshole
with a gun and a lightsaber that that is
fun
he's destined to seek the skull rich oh
yeah that's great
I care less about lorem this game than
you do huh I care less about the lore of
this game than you do
isn't that weird yeah cuz I'm usually
into stories and games more than you
okay ready yeah here's something were
gonna try what's fine idea this might
kill me
oh no right Oh treasure chest you're a
jolly
oh shit yeah okay Caesarion fart says
rich please act out a conversation
between between George Lucas and the
horrible alien living in his
weird-looking chin that feeds on his
brain and gives him terrible ideas also
you guys are great
so when we do next do the judging a
rabbit okay I'll put the charger on the
phone by cold pooping know you called Oh
what's up what's the pool message of its
for being let's help ability card to do
now Oh stupid you know I'll let somebody
deal with it and they put it you're
moving but isn't feeding off your brain
I like your brain I get that Star Wars
yeah it's an alien parasite uh-huh that
lives that that nourishes itself out of
off of good ideas replaces it has to
replace that with something of course so
it replaces them with bad the host body
has no idea here so here's the thing
George Lucas has been coming up with
brilliant moviemaking ideas his entire
career but the alien parasite living in
his brain feeds off of them is very
powerful a great idea a great idea well
no yeah they're all some of it no they
don't like they don't like lemon they
don't like sighs how am I supposed to
have some romance touch it up
I said O Sullivan okay put that on the
script well we need a really powerful
villain character I think no you don't
you're gonna do this new guy with lights
Avery's movie they're all gonna die in
that movie Darth Vader was an idea to
trap
there's gonna be some red guy with horns
he's gonna good he's gonna look is he's
gonna look really cool he's gonna say
like one line is gonna get cut in half
guy with horns some kind of the cane
this is an old guy with a cane that's
what you're gonna replace the guy with
the horns with me like he's gonna be
like Dracula yeah like regular like like
dragon like drink okay look a fun name
interesting name
now Dooku like Dracula Dooku it's like
Dracula but with poopoo that's a good
idea
you say that makes perfect sense the man
who wanted to make small indie movies
the man who made THX pretty fun movie
interesting movie has been hosting an
alien parasite what was the name that
the producer the old ones I'm drawing a
blank
the producer of the old Star Wars movie
yeah the originals the Empire and new
home
I have no idea oh my why am i drawing a
blank on his name look at that guy up
there oh I see you fuck you're gonna
give me something gimme gimme gimme
gimme gimme gimme gimme
um I don't know who produced the old
ones I'm you know I'm terrible at stuff
like that like remembering ya names and
stuff Gary Kurtz okay you gotta you
gotta replace this Gary Kurtz guy he's
never worked with my two of the most
successful if you get better idea we're
gonna get this guy called Rick Rick Rick
how long never heard of me yeah he's
great deal he'll agree to everything I
say hey you say I guess that's good one
I mean it's kind of my stuff people are
gonna bounce ideas hopefully but yeah
we're right we're gonna need anybody but
us you get him you don't need anybody
but me now he's bounce ideas no no no we
give I think the only thing you need
anymore
get rid of all your friends okay I
fucked your wife she's the reason you
left
ha
everything is pale now I was being
poisoned yeah I kind of wanted to kill
that guy I decided against it I killed
the little creepy Carly and I'm gonna
see if I can find his eyes Oh Rick Rick
Berman I say Rick Berman instead of Rick
Rick McCallum no you said Rick McCallum
okay you said Rick McCallum let's see if
I can find this man's eyes you have yes
yes you do and you have good slow poison
resistance and you have good slow poison
resistant was that cesarean part who
came up with that idea
oh the parasite in the brain yeah
Caesarion fart I am giving you one
Internet commendation there that that
means a hole you should know is this
area fire that that means a lot coming
from her Japanese he hates the Internet
speaking of commendation have you got an
accommodation yet yeah
doesn't it make you feel me yes it does
but you know what makes you feel I'm in
a position now where I should start
giving them you need to give yeah I feel
it makes me feel terrible when I don't
get one who can give them anyway oh
really you just highlight their name
says you only get ten so I've been
stingy unless I think somebody really
like went above and beyond
well that's a commendation I'm looking
for this guy's eyes I died there been a
couple people where I wasn't thinking
about I've never regretted it afterwards
oh I should have commended them I should
have guy for didn't think about it I
forgot you can commend people and
Helldivers oh sorry I should have
elaborated on that if someone in your
team does an especially good job
okay
rich hates everything yes like like
Helldivers and blood-borne oh man you
know I hate thanks so much you hate
those games rich is drunk with internet
power that's very true but but I get rid
of internet power oh and I can't use the
new gun because I'm not strong enough
I've been putting all of my much like
Rich's complaints about this is you need
to build towards your weapon and so I
just got I just got the church cannon
that's what was under there and I'm not
strong enough I need yeah I need 27
strength and I only have 22 strength any
of you had 27 I probably wouldn't be
powerful enough to use it effectively
right because like you would need even
more strength given bonuses yeah and
well my blood tinge is pretty good but
but I can't even carry it
I cannot even pick it up yes the
commendation is is a
Helldivers thing a Helldivers thing and
this was it happened not to me only once
I just jumped on this kids map and I
think it was a kid and help helped him
out mhm
and we went through the whole planet
just the two of us and it's really fun
it was really great just a two two
person team and he gave me a
commendation and I didn't even know you
could get commendations your speeches
trailed off right unexpected thing just
started unfolding oh fuck fuck this
faceless mass that headbutts you
apparently which is great there I knew
there was another one you fuckhead loved
it
faceless I love it
and it made me feel really special he
gave me that commendation there's a
glowing thing in a rooftop there's also
a sluggy thing down there right hey what
happens if you don't pay attention
oh hush how much do you want to bet that
was all planned by the devs
we're for this wiggling thing on this
roof and then what they're looking at
that glowy thing this strange guy's
gonna run down and knock them off of the
stairs
we got a glowy thing and we got a wiggle
thing and they're gonna try to figure
out how to get down there and then you
know like they had the guy come down to
say no too soon they're not gonna scare
now
that's the shield oh that's what I want
okay well now we got to figure out how
to get it well first I gotta get my
blood that goes back who's got my echoes
now I dropped him in this lake here Wow
oh I
he hit me up there he's probably got it
Oh Oh are there right here
great great everything's great not doing
great on blood vial so I really need to
watch my ass oh there you are I thought
I saw you here somewhere
right isn't it great
but also how are they making those
noises they don't have mouths there's
some mouth under there just some kind of
fleshy lump that grew over
yes just flex you lump these lanterns -
it's great all right I'm on you this
time oh I see yeah yeah look he didn't
turn until you were right until you were
right at that curve look he didn't turn
it - you're right yeah I'm sure those
stairs don't have a banister for that
very reason
oh yeah okay so there's the drop down
turn the camera towards it
I serve balcony and then thing above it
may be a crime in that drawing room all
the way up there right one problem at a
time there be some bitches up here man
okay okay okay
what is that you dicks I'm sure it was
nothing and it's safe to turn your back
right come on okay welcome all right we
got to get down there see that you'd see
a route
did the glowing can go I know it's over
yet I'm sure there's a way I don't think
it's over here though they're saying you
could buy it by blood vials with your
thirty thousand souls I could I could
you do sneak up on him the chat is
blessing me for my sneeze thank you
thank you oh that's what the bow blades
for right there oh oh I didn't kill him
oh rich if you lived a day in the life
of George Lucas what would you do I
would hope to god it was only a day
because I would be very fucking old
the way to get it will become clear
later don't worry about it okay oh yeah
I'm sure I'm so fine oh my God look at
this it looks like it looks like things
in a sack of flesh yeah I know these
things explode
save me please I don't hear anything I
know lady Maria Oh Lady Maria
save me please oh I'm so sorry
- versus the evil dead we've talked
about that so much that we should
probably stop talking about it
doesn't become the Aspern ash vs. Evil
Dead stream I I've been binge-watching
because I missed a couple weeks and even
with binge watching I feel like the
episodes are way too short
yeah shit
I you know everything just seems it
seems like they cut out stuff I think we
need more time with other people to
establish the debt I insist threats yes
every episodes been like that I'd shows
up ash disposes of them fairly quickly
yeah yeah yeah I'm wanting a little more
like that that last episode don't put
your fingers in yours
oh wait wait I haven't seen that last
episode okay I'm not caught up in take
your fingers out of yours take your
fingers out yours it's fine everything's
fine but like you know even just looking
at the first couple of episodes yeah not
much different happens the ups are half
an hour not an hour that's the thing
they need to be an hour I would even
take 45 minutes letter and I don't even
know the problem is you need more ash no
no no I agree I like I like your
sediment sentiment that what we really
need is how not ash people deal with
this to make to make the ash portions
worth something yeah
oh I love these guys I loved how they
gargle how they garble garble
Jack are you excited for the meal brain
slash Kojima collaboration Oh gem
baranski said that always always I can't
wait to see what Neal Breen the only
problem is what Neal Breen is gonna do
with metal gear is the the first level
will be your little gear Breen your
standard tutorial right like snake has
to go do his stuff and then at the end
of the first tutorial level snake will
meet Neal Bree or bill mean and we he'll
meet bill mean who will then take over
the mission oh look at this fucker over
here I'll just be super confident
whatever snakes fucking gob exactly you
know bill mean will be is that guy I
knocked off just trying to get back
upstairs you see them outside of the
door yeah yeah
only there's something we could do about
this
so I feel bad about this
absolutely nothing cheese that your way
through uh up from stop the game that's
what they're there for this therefore
and he achieved me
he almost cheese me right back
yeah good
Oh bye-bye thank you
doot-doot
to do too
Thank you Thank You Vlad viola now we're
getting closer you know my guess is I
wonder if there's like a rotating thing
if there's like something that raises up
oh my god like how it's all this level
is oh well keep movin keep movin down
Oh
can't lock on
No
splash splish splash
No
No
Oh weird you are how how much giggling
do you think has had in the fromsoftware
offices giggling I mean the thing I mean
cuz do you think like that was weird
were there just like we had this man in
a corner and he just says pick up a
splash you know if it's giggling I do
think they love their horror though oh
yeah
like if if I if I wrote that and you
know like what that was submitted like
in this level book come out you know
like the hunter will walk out onto the
balcony and a faceless mass of blood and
flesh hissing pop splash I would giggle
maniacally just like yeah and you know
they go yeah that's in the game I was
saying yeah let's make it look at this
little flower
he's like tending to a flower can you
believe that clip-clop splish splash hmm
knocking over shit
Jennifer oh wait there was an elevator a
bit before I got so caught up I hate
those
anything you should be able to do
something in here
who you fight yeah I hate the random
spectres that get in my way and like now
all this shit is on the floor want to go
on offline mode but I'm making good
progress making good progress quickly
was an elevator over here yeah yeah it
was
dick dick neutral sees a monster behind
us and it freaked at all
Oh in the game I get it I don't know how
he's saying that because the monster is
entirely green and he's being green
screamed out I think this make any sense
no I think I don't think he's talking
about in the game I think it's just a
joke to get us to look behind us Oh
you're someone else
which do you think the rumors are true
that Alvin will die in the robe ship
hello will the box office take for the
road shipping yeah you know what I bet
there's a lot of people out there who
just won't be able to like they just
can't see Star Wars on it this it's like
yeah we said we'd see a movie
the rogue ship and the other one was it
sisters sisters might do well might do
well but the road ship is it fucked cuz
the kids are gonna want to see Star Wars
no gonna want to see fucking Alvin and
the Chipmunks yeah but they won't be
able to see Star Wars for a couple days
why not cuz it's sold out everywhere ok
you know like and then you have parents
who are just like welp uh you want to
see that road chip
dick nurse a dick neutral saying due to
the green screen I saw a monster in the
game but my brain told me it was in the
room with you for a sec okay that makes
sense I thought you're just being silly
which is fine nothing wrong with being
silly I'm silly often enough there's
nothing wrong with being silly
I'm not only silly sometimes I even
flat-out say mean and belligerent things
to you guys there you go fair's fair
there you go
that thing that we thought was a worm
was just one of those head things in a
straitjacket trying to ride its way
around okay beautiful like a first stuff
to look at nope
I bet the other movies cruise well on
Star Wars disappointment Jack okay well
I don't know that Star Wars is going to
be disappointment it might not be
amazing it's the problem for us see you
know if Star Wars is bad if the force
awakens is terrible catching that's true
if Star Wars is great we could talk
about we can do something with that we
can talk about well how it's great why
it's great the problem is if Star Wars
is mediocre if we watch it we're gonna
yeah okay that's problem because we
can't do anything with that right here I
guess like here's the one thing that I
don't think anyone is really realizing
Star Wars The Force awakens will be no
Star Wars we mean let me let me get
there Star Wars as a movie in what 1978
mmm-hmm was a milestone a cultural
phenomenon right yeah it was something
that didn't happen before it I already
have an argument but Star Wars The Force
awakens will not be game-changing like
Star Wars here's the problem with your
argument yeah that didn't stop the
Empire Strikes Back
no but then but then it turned into the
trilogy now you know the Star Wars
trilogy all yes you could have said the
same thing in 70s in in 80 after Star
Wars 77 you're never gonna
you're never gonna top that that was the
cultural weird thing start with 77
there's never you're not gonna have the
same aw and then they made Empire yeah
so I don't know that that is necessarily
true that's unreasonable to expect it to
be that good it's a hundred percent but
is possible it's within the realm of
possibility that it's a that it's no no
no not not just as good as game-changing
as star wars the star it doesn't need to
be a game-changer it needs to be a good
movie but but that's the this is the
problem if the Empire Strikes Back was
that a game-changer well it was now it's
just rolled into all the time even at
the time no wait I was here already
it was his Star Wars will never be Star
Wars you know it'll it'll never it'll
never be they need to make a fun space
adventure
you have likeable characters and you
would have that magical is there this is
this is what I'm saying is we need a new
space adventure to to glom on to or
something different maybe not a space
adventure maybe a new cowboy movie maybe
like a comedy starring people actors I I
have enough faith in the people involved
but I don't think it's going to be it
there's no way it's gonna be prequel
level bad no is no fucking way it's
gonna be prequel alphabet it might be it
might be men it could be great I think
always possibility I think I don't think
you're going to get terrible I just I
might be wrong I know you're gonna
you're gonna get very acceptable I kind
of hope I'm wrong as then we can make
videos making fun of Star Wars
did you see what did you see what
happened hmm do you see what the end did
you see what happening the stairs stop
hey I saw that I saw that it was fun
fuck
I love you a blot barn it's okay I
opened up a thing this okay so one guy
needs eyes this lady needs mushy mushy
brain fluid competent with flashes mr.
Glueck saying I'm betting on competent
with flashes of brilliance say we need
another space of energy chat saying we
already got a great space adventure
guardians of the galaxy that is fine
okay
guardians was fine
it was fun movie
why didn't you fall off this time
Oh
well Star Wars be important to movies as
Star Wars that's what I'm saying well
then you want something see that point
you want something that's not Star Wars
exactly this is my point exactly
this is my point exactly why do you I
don't understand what you need something
to be a game changer is the thing well I
think you just what's wrong with their
just being a really well-made Star Wars
movie it isn't that great in and of
itself
yes any good movie is good that was an
obvious and dumb sentence I enjoy any
movie that is good it doesn't need to I
don't think the force awakens need to
reinvent filmmaking
it doesn't need to it needs to be a good
Star Wars film and people will like it
oh yeah yeah but what what is happening
here is what I believe we're seeing is
treading water I don't know JJ Abrams is
a fanboy he might not just be treading
water with this know this I don't I
don't think the people who made this
we're thinking those work for hire job
they were thinking oh my god we're
making a Star Wars movie that doesn't
necessarily mean there's gonna be
greatness but I don't I don't I don't
know that it's just a job to JJ Abrams
and everywhere else oh no no no III
don't need treading water like that I
mean I'm talking larger film industry
I'm treading water what what probably
stop talking about it because we don't
want to spark some idiot the chat to
start talking on spoiler Oh Sharon where
is it released that the people have seen
it already is it out moon in like okay
yeah Sam released a different oh my god
different timezones oh that could be
could be and of course you know like
reviewer copies were you know the the
what I call it well still I don't even
think that it's more than 24 hours so I
could just open earlier in there well no
but it's open to reviews now you know
like sure you can publish your review of
it now why would people have expected us
to see that they think we actually get
advance readings the things this is the
thing people think I wonder maybe yeah
yeah Australia as well
okay how do I get to where I gots to go
this is the question rich
no fuck I supposed to know what's Jack
do next
no no don't tell me don't tell him I'll
figure it out he thinks he's gonna
figure it out two hours later oh god
that's my rat called it I thought I
thought I could get in there quick
enough called it thought I could get in
there quick enough here's the funny
thing though I got him to see well not
all of them because I don't even have
any interests in seeing Revenge of the
Sith in the first place I got dragged to
that while after the fact I I got in to
see both Phantom Menace and attack of
the clones early alright
yeah well Mike might work to the theater
oh okay and he was the management really
like Mike he was he was he was close
with the management and they had some
kind of like corporate training so Mike
actually got to see the Phantom Menace
like two weeks early something like that
boy sure and even besides that they
screened it like the day before for the
employees well then I got in on that
screening so I saw the Phantom Menace
day or two early and they usually
screened the movie once before just to
make sure that it works fine you know
works good and works well similar
circumstances I got invited to see
attack of the clones early oh okay which
is why I didn't leave during attack of
the clones it would've been extremely
rude and I'm getting invited to a day
early screening of it special for the
employees you know oh yeah it's like oh
god I'm stuck here
keep my fucking blood echoes deck okay I
don't know how you felt follow me out
clever girl well alright we gotta find a
way
oh I'm dumb I just didn't go up that
ladder went went went war you're a jumpy
one
you're a jumpy one aren't you Lila
I'm sure the theater management wasn't
entirely generous with that offer either
to screen it early as just as a perk of
working at the theaters all the
employees got free movies it probably
didn't even he probably knew everyone
was gonna want to see that they didn't
want to take a paint seeds daily right
ya know now like it's someone there I
saw somewhere online someone who is that
like a film projector is talking about
how they handle screening stuff now
because it's all digital you know they
get hard drives instead of film reels
now and like the hard drives are like
password-protected and they have to call
into the film studio to get the correct
password which is all you know like only
active for as long as the movie is and
like if they miss a window if they miss
their time window their fucks and they
then they don't know if the movies gonna
screen correctly and what point during
Attack of the Clones that I want to
leave I can't tell you specifically
because it was another boring talking on
a couch scenes I'm gonna meeting and
something might be able to golly Otto
stupid get a boring yada yada it was
something whatever the fuck that was I
think it was small hand open after the
one scene where Anakin's what had
occurred slaughtered the the send people
oh okay it's like he pulls up light
saber and when he did that I thought oh
my god oh my god we're going to get some
human emotion in this fucking movie
someone's going to feel something and
then and then he pulls out a light saber
and I'm like okay anger I can some
emotion that's fine and then they cut
away they cut away from the emotion and
it was somebody talking on a couch and
that might have been the moment or it
might have been you scenes after that
when people were still talking on
another couch I don't remember
but I do remember the the the cutting
away from a scene that could have been
really powerful and emotional pissed me
off because they needed people to talk
about whatever I don't care about yeah
we've got fine yes it's no small thing
I killed them I killed all the children
the women everything yeah I would like
to have seen that emotion you cut oh is
that true addict are turkish wrecks
having the hand at Lantern activated it
reduces stamina regeneration ah I knew
there was a downside I couldn't remember
what it was too bad it was not activated
so the hand lantern was not on I just
put it on Oh up here
okay dealing with the globby monsters
I'm dealing with the globby monsters the
monstrosity is the globby monstrosity no
it doesn't patch changed it oh there you
go you speak in half-truths and
falsehood and it wasn't out anyway so it
doesn't matter
I see you coming for me blood vial
it's great blood vial okay no you get it
out get it out that's okay
fuck God on a pole got on a pole they
can language man
but have the job done you know it wasn't
pretty like okay
everything's fine patient room
don't like it in there hmm I think I'll
use my hand lat
Oh lovely
can we okay sure I don't care that it's
kind of that's kind of like my job
killing monsters yeah so someone asked
me to kill them yeah I'm doubt that what
if you find out you can rescue all these
people later for some reason these
people don't make me sad like that I
monster did not even the sunflower one
he's not asking me to kill him he seemed
to be huh
see here what does this guy say
let me drown yeah okay yeah okay yeah
I'm murdering them all okay did it did
it when they swing their arms around
parry them oh sure I could no wait till
they're all done wait till they're all
tuckered out you know there's something
that looks like a fun thing
I do do do to do oh that's a new one
that's a new one
do-do-do-do-do he let her do her thing
you know
not fast enough
she was a danger to herself and those
around her so I beamed it important that
I murder her
this is fine J probably all gonna chase
after you at some point at once right
it's just now that Chet Chet says you
slaughtered them like animals mMmmm and
reference oh is that from the movie yeah
episode 2 episode 2 the the tiny
megalomaniac same murder them all I'm
gonna bring back the dead I'm so
powerful I'm gonna beat them or everyone
the children
fuck them children I'm gonna be stronger
than Neil brain I'm gonna be the
strongest ji ever
to do to do the killing oh oh shit
don't want to be up here don't want to
be up here get out of my way nope
do do to do
yeah slicing with Mike for um great
these people are full blood vials that's
why it's fantastic
that's exactly what you need no that
can't be right
honestly I think they're being generous
have to the Ludvig fight I mean he'll
vials oh yeah they were chock-full of
files that was especially that was
especially gruesome doo-doo-doo
ma-na-ma-na doo-doo doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo
never lunge attack who would check me
know I'm not a fan of lunge attacks I do
it a lot with them like the big weapon
I'll do like the UH this guy but with
with this one you know it's so fast I
did you just gotta get in there and and
slice them up I don't even know what the
ones attack yet that's pretty good
actually I never think about it I'm
always just trying to find their pause
point there uh oh yeah we've been there
Racine carrée finish Fisher's us
interview she gives no fucks she doesn't
have to
what does she need what does she needs
Star Wars for at this point Oh God
when they're a ladder which a ladder a
ladder over here
Lord Belmont says put them out of their
misery the people of the castle look
like they have horrible uncurable tumors
Oh someone's killing them for me
ha yay thanks friend
thanks friend with a machine gun you
killed them for me yeah I'm just trying
to do my part here so throws a ladder
did I miss a ladder
it's not the most important thing in the
world I'm getting all tired
I know I'm close to that shield but
there's so much to explore there's so
much game to play and I just want to
play as I love blood wine slider in here
maybe I'm feeling crazy
I really thought there was a ladder in
here I'm probably going crazy get out of
my way it's probably the crazy stocking
all right let's see if we get past this
guy
you're lucky that wasn't dropping in
nowhere I thought you know I'd like to
say it was a calculated risk but it
wasn't and I'm just you know just doing
me this is how play man sometimes it
sometimes you can run this guy's gonna
die
like I'm shooting his machine again
you're gonna die
reprieve what I said you got a reprieve
yep I got lucky
now we're way too high up now to drop
down
let's try that lunge attack oh this lady
doesn't have a head look that lady
doesn't have no head that's funny
no none of these ladies have heads
that's funny slashing in that darkness
flashy you know what I was thinking what
early a rich I think oh you know what
why don't we cut the stream out for
earlier just think I have a nice light
stream it'll be fine we'll just you're
in your blood war zone I'm about done
oh I'm about done I'm bout done like an
hour ago
I just you know I'm just here and it's
it's like I just want to keep playing
especially knowing how far I've gotten
in this room in particular I basically
like next shortcut sure I get mixi and
says jacket rich is it okay for someone
to get excited to see a movie where that
person just be instantly labeled a
fanboy good get excited about what you
wanted to get excited about anyway I
think I think for me the fanboy is
someone who doesn't give a fuck about
quality they just care about the label
if you could be critical about the thing
you're excited about then you're not a
fanboy
now this I feel bad about
and we know what happened to their heads
I wonder if the next area we're gonna
find out the heads are turning into
something else
could be
Oh what
oh there you go I can have an enlarged
check now oh look at that out there can
you shoot it uh I want to take this off
first wipe yeah my menses gauge here we
go now you can't have my head
oh oh oh shit frenzy this is gonna hurt
Wow Wow
and I have no friends E resistance
that's oh so that's what the bag things
do good thing I killed them you think I
murdered them all all right we don't
like this yeah where's my wife yeah you
gotta wear the whole outfit wait Church
hat was there anything in that head no
hmm just bit me I guess it's just
supposed to I was wondering why it was
hidden up there but I guess it's just
supposed to fall on you and your way out
maybe I could yeah it's something like
that down I can only assume I yeah yeah
a rich
Oh save it go my stuff on this side I
didn't look too hard over here just
started killing people what time is it
can you see that on that computer or
your phone or whatever oh Jesus Christ
oh jesus lord of the saints Mary and
Joseph and all them other ones what time
do we start at 7:00 before 7:00 you've
gone blood-borne mad jack love dad I
fucking love this game I could I could
just play it all the time oh wait
shortcut this is in thank God thank God
oh yes sir there's the shortcut Oh God
fuck you there we go
I mean is the other one this is what I
needed needed that shortcut now I can go
back to the lamb head back to the
hunters dream and feel good that I've at
least got the shortcut taken care of I
didn't get the shield today but I know
it's here man I got the shotgun
Jesus Jesus Jason I found a second out
of everything is fine
hi applying me tie me that's jack is mad
with blood a little blood bar
appropriate blood barn appropriate
appropriate appropriate for pop written
you've gone frenzied I have I just Jack
just murdered yeah album I murdered all
of them one of them asked to be murdered
so I can only assume the others also
want it to be murdered serious question
is destiny worth getting into this
holiday season
I am fucking no no I got I got I got
jack shit interested destiny I
multiplayer first-person shooter played
with a controller MMO all of these
things you know me all of these things
are things I don't like here's the thing
from from people that I generally trusts
in the video game circle like people who
I listen to we talk about video games I
hear great things about destiny okay
obviously rich don't give no fucks see
if you can get a free trial
I don't care I don't want a free trial
no not you the person who has okay but
you won't care but I've heard good
things
am I gonna have to play it with a
controller and other people I don't care
anymore new subscribers there have you
been thinking I think we got them all I
let's just do it
think it so they get to it's fine just
in case we get you Kelly
Van Dyne thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate that Kelly Van Dyne
you're gonna say with a little bit more
oomph going come on Jack Kelly even Dre
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do I
don't know if we'll be streaming in
Sunday heads-up if we don't we'll find a
makeup day the stream and thank you all
for coming out thank you to the new
subscribers thank you to the old
subscribers and thank you to everyone
else who just came out blood-borne is
the greatest game of the
ever game rich boys Helldivers and
rocket League online with other players
and a controller and loves them yeah
none of those are first-person shooters
which before using it controller form
oh snap dog oh people just don't get it
that's not no it's not like I inherently
think there's something wrong with a
controller jag I play Mario with the
controller I don't play a mouse keyboard
Mario uh-huh it's the first shooters
when the controller is ass and while I'm
in the middle of this rant I don't know
why Jack hasn't stopped the stream
because that was the obvious time to do
it when I'm in mid ran oh it's ruined no
because I just I've run out of things to
go on about you know what this was I
really thought that was a legitimate
randon you wanted to get into a late
stream console it was it was an opening
to end this
