Sep, 2015
Space Cop Effects
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/17271872
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/17273255
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu8QBUHUZxQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5ntJUg1AXI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/643605860049137664

[Part I]
so there's a warm there's a one oh wow
there's a crackle is what there is that
there's a slight crackle and I don't
necessarily know where it's coming from
bud but that's that I'm gonna tweet
right now I'm gonna tweet that we're
streaming I thought I muted that I did
know a lot of that I one you twit the
hell out I'm gonna I'm gonna
twat it up bridge hello and welcome
everybody who can who can see us hear us
know us love us welcome to the Monday
make up stream we hold on we couldn't
stream last night we were too busy
watching turbo kid have you guys seen
turbo kid because you need to go see
turbo kid they're actually just asking
me about it indeed chat oh really it's
amazing it was it was loved by all it
was one it was loved by all oh my god it
was an amazing time and we watched it
like on an outdoor like blow-up scream
thing projecting it was it was beautiful
no I beautiful I haven't seen kung fury
but I am told it's similar to kung fury
only you know better more of a story and
and more loving to the the source
material is that accurate that's
incredibly accurate see like the the
problem with kung fury is there's this
there's this um the cynical part of kung
fury where it's almost like the
filmmakers alright like pretend to be
above the material yeah whereas turbo
kid they're aspiring to the material yes
we want to make this
exactly they it's nothing but love turbo
kit is nothing but love for the 80s lock
team driven genre it's it's amazing it's
just amazing so everyone go watch the
turbo kit I don't care like I saw I
think I saw like you can buy it for like
you know seven bucks video on-demand
okay Oh rich can you turn on beefcakes a
subscriber alert I can't do that on my
map oh I see a couple right now god fada
42 thank you for subscribing oh my god
I'm rich and Mario Mario and did you see
that number by 42 thank you for
subscribing oh my god I see that number
now for 5 sorry
42 15 months you know row mario mario
has been subscribed to us for 15 months
in a row and that is kind of amazing
thank you we really appreciate it it's
true it's true we really do good press B
to dick punch punch thank you
someone shared with us we appreciate we
really do appreciate someone shared with
me on Twitter the other day like a gif
of some sort of football match and one
of the footballers punched the other one
in the dick and I loved it
fucking looks John Key was at 16 months
recently I absolutely believe that I
believe it thank you very much they very
isn't it isn't it weird yeah kind of
yellow of course space cop has a name
his name is space cop he's account from
the future of space so the stuff we're
working on today is not very exciting
but it just needs to be done and so
we're just you know
there is this sequence in which rich is
in the space cop car and getting out of
the car obviously this shot right here
is gonna be really easy because the car
barely moves if you notice here I'm
scrubbing through the time line and the
car is barely moving but it does move a
little bit and so we need to make sure
we precisely track that that motion this
is yeah this stuff it won't be it won't
be as fun as some of the other stuff we
were doing and oh by the way I want to
let everyone know that I figured out how
to how to get the light bars to tilt so
hopefully one of them will be tilty I
don't know no I think I know what scene
this is you know what scene is is yeah
I'm not saying anything no you can't say
anything I'm only showing you in the car
and getting out of the car okay okay
good of course because you know we don't
not spoil anything that was we don't
want people to know that Darth Vader is
your father and that Darth Vader was
dead the whole time and that Darth Vader
was dead the whole time because Snape
killed him these are these are white
spoilers and as per last time when does
the flaming a humpback whale land on me
oh my god rich so many people are gonna
be upset about our our Metal Gear Solid
video I love the game play so such
second the gameplay is so much fun so
much the world of this the universe the
story is not shut the gameplay is all
that I agree I agree
you know rich I agree no this one
the the gameplay each each independence
Aang right it's like each individual
mission is so much fun like planning out
the mission going and do it doing all
the sneaky stuff it's super great the
only problem is it's very repetitive and
there there's no overarching story or
word you know you know we'll get into
that later later I'm sure we're gonna
get into it very very much later missed
mr. bean a says rich I just finished
Mass Effect 3 for the first time tucked
down from the ledge no you know what I
fucking warned you you for two goddamn
years and if you didn't want to listen
to me well fuck you and out joke god
damn it jump if you feel that depression
that I thought about I'm let that soak
in that you had a chance to avoid it
right chose not to that's okay getting a
my next program up and running here
right I mean maybe there are a new
listener and they don't know your
feelings on Mass Effect 3 that could be
a thing right teachers gonna single you
out now I'm sorry
Krieger asks what I'm drinking a very
important question I'm drinking an OG o
GI I which is a tea-infused quit WI T
from Milwaukee Brewing Company and it's
a fantastic beverage it has a picture of
Godzilla McCann and I
it's great tea infused quit I don't
necessarily know what that means but you
know ok tea infused quit yeah here we go
and also once again in case in case it's
a little low I'm listening to both
hexadecimal and the risk of rain
soundtrack by Chris Chris to do Lou
because it's my favorite music to listen
to while working and you know what
I'm just feeling good I'm just feeling
good about working I've been playing so
much metal gear lately that you know
like I've been putting and I haven't had
much other work to do
yeah so it's just like I feel good about
it I feel good about getting back into
it let's see if this leaf is gonna be an
issue yeah look at this look at this
everybody here's the super fun part is
this leaf will get in the way for
exactly two frames and so for those two
frames we're gonna have to mask out the
leaf huh just your frames it can't be
that bad
no no that it won't be that bad but it's
you know it's fun
more so Oh Jack I know you have opinions
on this somebody is asking hold on I
says I am considering getting final cut
or premiere pro which yet Jack you know
I have not used Final Cut X the new
Final Cut and you know I've heard some
some good things about it I have I use
premier and of course
I really love it the question is whether
or not you're going to be doing After
Effects see stuff this is the real
question is are you going to ever want
to use After Effects cuz you know like
that Apple has its own After Effects
type program called motion I don't even
know if the motion is still exist it's
neither true but uh that's the real
question are you going to use After
Effects because if you are gonna use
After Effects then get premier the
integration between After Effects and
Premiere is wonderful
you can switch like back and forth on
the fly right you can you you edit you
get your scene together right and then
you clump all your clips and say send
these clips over to After Effects and
poof they're over an After Effects right
and then you do all your your
compositing work all of your special
effects work and that automatically
updates back in your premiere timeline
so then you can just continue editing oh
oh you know what I kind of want to
change this effect to go and after
effect change the effect and boom it's
updated in your premiere timeline
premiere i I really enjoyed the Adobe so
we and for 50 bucks a month you not only
get premiere and After Effects but you
get you know their audio editing
software you get Photoshop you get
illustrator you get everything for 50
bucks a month so to me it's incredibly
worth it to be a Creative Cloud member
where is my joke I'm try to change the
stream oh my god I forgot this i forgot
to change the stream name would you say
we are playing After Effects I believe
it's a creative free agent you want to
say you're playing creative okay oh I'm
so sorry everyone
I wasn't thinking rich I wasn't thinking
ok it's ok it's updated so it's all fine
it's all good thank you
what are you doing no this isn't gonna
work at all
what are you doing MOCA Jack what are
your thoughts on evidence I've never
touched an avid I know at least at one
point they like cost as much as a new
car like Abbot isn't a program it's a
system it's everything yeah yeah it's a
whole thing that's that's like what they
used for the Hollywood films oh yeah
yeah and I have I have never touched an
avid so I have oh crap I have absolutely
no say in habit I used to work and final
cut up until Final Cut 7 which is you
know the one everyone worked in and then
when they switched over to Final Cut X I
wasn't happy with it they didn't have a
lot of the the things that I was used to
pro editor wise and I started looking
into premiere and just kind of made the
switch cold-turkey
you know started editing videos right
Premiere and it was it was a hard
learning curve it's it's different you
know
ya still have a soul Jay I you know one
night he's he's so I don't know what
he's holding on for is not it's not for
lack of trying either
oh I'm telling guys talk it comes up
every single time and he Jay has edited
a few things in Premiere but you know to
him he doesn't see the benefit he if he
keeps editing with premiere you'll see
that benefit because the real thing is
fur and you know this doesn't matter for
Final Cut acts but for Final Cut 7 for
the thing that Jay and Mike use it's
only it's only a 32-bit software which
means it's only taking it's only using
half of the RAM they have installed you
know whereas premier is a 64-bit
software and it can utilize the whole
machine and so they'll see a performance
boost in media
or they should at least don't track this
so you stop asking I have not played the
thief reboot I see no reason to
it seems significantly different and
dumb enough that I have no interests in
it I actually have I own a copy because
I like saw it on sale for like 2 bucks
or something comical once mm-hmm I
remember I don't remember if there's a
humble bundle or what but I gotta feel
like I got it for like like a couple
dollars oh yeah I know you're a big fan
of the thief series big fan of the
originals yes first two are just amazing
mm-hmm did you play it at all or you
just haven't touched it cuz you don't
care maybe someday if I'm curious I'll
pick it up it looks it looks it looks
linear and dumb but brown looks brown
like first the first two it's like the
universe is almost like an Alice in
Wonderland fun world
steampunk mixed with more standard magic
fantasy as medieval elements and yet it
all comes together for a cohesive whole
that's a beautiful universe with some
wonderful sections and and whatnot no
that's great and then like the no-one's
like brown hammers the hammerites
there's Ursa fun religious fanatics that
basically worship like like carpentry
construction
yeah I know then jack as an owner of
Final Cut Pro X who wants more creative
tools is it worth the $50 a month for
Creative Suite cloud well you know
that's the question is do you earn at
least fifty dollars a month then you
know you've already paid for a pro
editing software right and so you should
you know obviously just try to get your
money's worth out of that
but I think the big question for a lot
of people is do you earn fifty dollars a
month in editing and graphic design and
in using these tools and if you don't
then you might not need them you know
like for for me you know the answer is
yes I use them every day and and I love
them and I've I've also tailored my
workflow to use the Adobe suite which is
the other thing and if your tailored to
Final Cut X and that's your thing
I'm not I'm not hating on Final Cut X I
think I hear they've made a lot of good
strides recently in fact but you know
it's just it's not what I use what what
don't worry about it you know all right
don't worry about it I worry about
everything else just by nature so what
are you doing with the the space cop
logo with After Effects what are you
enhancing there well what I'm not
enhancing anything what what I'm doing
here is I wasn't getting the the the
light bars you know you the the story
with these green tubes on top of the car
is Jane Mike didn't know what they
wanted for your lights on top yeah and
so this fucking just cover it in green
and that'll be easy to you know cover up
later right and then Jay you know
decided he wanted the lightsabers yeah
and green is really nice for chroma hang
but for tracking it's one solid color
with no variation so there's not a lot
of information here track cap but your
space cop logo and that door handles a
lot of varying colors a lot of jagged
edges oh so you're just gonna track the
motion with that exactly so now if I
line up my track surface here using the
information from this it should move
roughly the same yes yes and it does
okay well that makes sense that makes
sense they're like in hindsight you know
if they could have put some X's on here
sorry we should have done like
pattern a checker pattern would have
been phenomenal for tracking yeah but
you know they just didn't know they just
didn't know and that's fine you know
there's a reason in big Hollywood movies
that you know the the VFX supervisor is
usually on set so you can tell people
like oh we're gonna we're gonna need a
lot more of something else yeah this is
good this is good
also check yes there there is a best of
the worst in editing right now though
they take a while to edit mm-hmm
a lot of work on those mm-hm I I think
it's gonna be a good one uh you know we
had fun we had a lot of data so I'm
gonna say it's a good one okay great
this looks good
this looks good
or great Admiral back bar heart bar what
third bar but money also no it's it's
not a wheel episode full-on regular
regular episode regular episode a Doozer
it is a Doozer front bar Tiberius Kirk
predicts you having to highlight the
feathered edges of the leaf yeah that's
gonna be tough
there's motion blur and it's out of
focus and so the fun part is in After
Effects making the mask blur along with
it you know to make sure that the light
bar peeks through but is also obscured
yeah probably a solid line right oh yeah
yeah that's that's those are those are
fun challenges I think great okay save
Booya we're making so much progress you
know what I didn't play Luigi's Mansion
two on 3ds because I don't have a 3ds
and I really want a 3-2 yes yeah every
every once in a while I think about
getting you know a 3ds with a with a
capture out you can like order us a
fancy 3ds that has its own USB capture
out as a business expense but it's like
hey you know if we ever wanted to do it
for the show then we would need two of
them or we would need to trade off oh
god oh it's just not it doesn't make any
logical sense yeah
no I completely forgot what I was gonna
say and and I think you were probably
gonna mention something about not liking
handheld games oh yeah not really a
handheld guy it doesn't doesn't doesn't
get my motor running I know that about
you I know that about you it just seems
like typically you get lesser versions
of a console or PC game you know with a
hand hold no no there's a you know
there's some pretty good handhelds out
there some pretty good
obviously I'm a handheld gamer so I'm a
little biased
yep
there's a new version of mocha important
by the way everybody hold on to your
tits there's that's not yeah corner and
yeah yes so not actually actually do
like the armored skeptic I know I know
I've seen him comment on our videos I
know he's a fan so that's neat the
armored skeptic is a YouTube guy he does
like you know atheist themed videos and
I think yeah so does some other stuff
too like regular movies or someone I
don't know if I seen those he's our
armored media okay cool
I do oh I have to we are now listening
to the risk of rain soundtrack and I
know it's terrible for you rich cuz you
can't listen along so I'm talking okay
oh oh oh no no cancel cancel cancel
Jesus Christ I almost ruined everything
if you can believe that yeah I'm sure
you can believe that
so I've got a question for the chat in a
in a in a turn of events
shocking shocking twist from the norm
I'm curious how people feel about this I
have recently heard a rumor that Star
Wars Episode 7 the force awakens is
going to have a post credit sequence
advertising rogue one teasing how does
everybody feel about that because I mean
even even the prequels were like
slavishly devoted to the format of the
original trilogy you know you got the
still have the Fox logo
you still got opening crawl regular
standard credits you know and now
they'll break with that because Disney's
gonna pressure to advertised rogue one
because that's what's popular that's
what that's what they think people like
does it really matter I guess is my
question you know and it doesn't
on the other hand every fucking Star
Wars movie has had like the same opening
crawl the same 20th century-fox like I
didn't didn't George Lucas basically
just make some kind of distribution deal
with Fox just so he could shove the Fox
logo in front of that I have no idea
isn't that what happened there oh I
don't know that much about it that would
be very silly that was true I don't know
they're going to it's a rumor I've heard
I I mean I'm okay with it
you know it's just because it doesn't
matter you know they the only thing the
actually the only thing that bothers me
about it is uh is committing themselves
to this shared universe and not thinking
that I don't know if they have their
shit together you know Marvel that
that's that faggy guy Jeff faggy or
whatever his name is okay
Fiji's being terribly what's his name
Haji Jesus crazy sorry everyone know
that fiji guy had a vision you know for
every one of them um and I don't think
Star Wars has their shit together in
that department and so you know the
post-credit teaser says that they have
their shit together but obviously they
don't is home saying and I'm just gonna
not talk anymore about
people worry too much about the stupid
post-credit teasers it's Vegas teasers
they used to just be fun little things
you know am I wrong about that no they
were always you know they always an
advertisement for the next thing you
know it was oh it was always a like a
yeah it was a wink to something more I
mean guardians of the galaxy image it's
Howard the dark I mean that's not
teasing anything that's just a joke
well that's guardians that's that's
their kind of outskirts of the universe
but you know the first Ironman when Nick
Fury come you know when we first meet
Nick Fury like yeah that's a that's a
yeah here we go that is a for realsies
people in the chat are joking about a
Marvel Universe being joined with the
Star Wars universe can you know imagine
a day in the future once once you know
both both franchises are starting to get
worn into the ground by Disney and Kent
can you not imagine today we're just
generate buzz they have a crossover
movie and then you you see you know like
Darth Vader versus you know Thor and and
crossover movie is this not something
that might possibly happen
I'm down why not like phase eight yes
Death Star versus Galactus it would
actually be kind of awesome but they
don't
I do wrong rich what did I do wrong
I you'll I don't know but the the
lightsabres going all over the place
know that lightsaber is going all over
the place this is how I figured out how
to make it bounce is what an infinity
gem will like blow up in one of the last
Avengers movies and will open like a
rift Marvel here the Marvel heroes will
end up getting sucked back into the Star
Wars meanwhile like a Star Destroyer or
something will come and bother earth and
you'll have like two different stories
you'll have like the Avengers trying to
like escape the Death Star or get out of
course on earth and then you'll have
like the other heroes were left on earth
trying to deal with this star story or
that is landed and Imperial walkers are
are coming out and they're trying to
like storm the White House like it all
what the ever-loving f4 for somebody who
you know may effort who doesn't like
think of the Star Wars universe as being
sacred mm-hmm I'm all for it it sounds
like it sounds like a lot of dumb fun
yeah yeah I'm done yeah I guess it all
depends on how desperate they are yeah
this okay so I mean sooner or later I
mean they're gonna be running these
franchises into the ground I'm like a
lot it'll be like a last-gasp yeah so
for everyone wondering what I'm doing
here the the way I figured out how to
make the light bars bounce is I back
here in mocha you can see I made it I
made my bars in the center here my boxes
in the center here and so the one corner
is right in the center in the back
right in the back right and then those
follow the exact movement of where I
want the bars and so then back in After
Effects what I do here is I take my
lightsaber and the lightsaber has a
start position and an end position and I
can pick whip which is this thing and
basically the pick whip just says you
know follow whatever you link it to so I
pick whip it over to those corners of
these things and that should basically
make it stick to those corners but for
some reason it's not but I guess I just
have to adjust it over here that's fine
so okay well okay I guess I just have to
do that so in any case that's how I
figured out the whole bouncing pop
problem is by is by linking them to the
corners of the box here because then
this box will follow if there's any
bounce or rotation which is really
really great Len length Lozinski wants
to know if we have any advice for his
senior year of high school senior year
of high school if I read that right the
comment has scrolled up a while ago any
advice for my senior year of high school
yeah don't don't get attached to
anything or learn to start letting go
because after high school everything is
different none of the things that that
seem important or matter now in the
immediate future it's not worth anything
no like like you're going to like like
90% of the people you call friends yeah
you're gonna see them like two more
times in your entire life in like like
10 and 15 years you'll see them once and
you won't give a shit and that's the
real thing that's not even a bad thing -
because the people in high school the
ones who matter most of the most
important people hmm you'll find a way
to stay in contact with them the people
who are real learn who your real friends
are cuz like I still I still talk to
Mike right oh right right let's go but
then Aaron
there are real things I don't know what
they're doing now
I don't care is is you will you will not
care and that's that's something that
you can't even fathom right now is like
of course these are my friends these I
see these people every day but you're
forced to see them every day because you
don't go to the same school yes
and then once you leave and you're not
forced to see them every day a whole new
world opens up to you like oh I don't
have to see that guy he's kind of a dick
that's great
you know that is that's great
great all right I got one bar yeah yeah
and and college for the little college
that I went to I went to a little
college he's incredibly different and
more so life everyday life is incredibly
different than high school and it's
wonderful
so enjoy enjoy I think one of the few
times in your life where suddenly one
one day one day later everything is
different
it's like I've got a high school reunion
coming up I don't want to go I know I
know Karen might wanna go okay don't
even don't don't even humor her there
there's no good reason to go to a high
school reunion there is no good reason
anyone you cared about in high school
you are still talking to it yeah
everyone else doesn't matter in your
life
so I'm here by I'm here by empowering
you not to listen to Karen
hey listen to Jack give terrible advice
no it's it's I I didn't go to my 10-year
reunion but it was kind of ridiculous I
think it was like 100 dollars to have a
plate where ever they were you know
eating wherever they get wherever they
gather loads it was 100 bucks to get in
that's stupid it's like I'm not I'm not
paying $100 to see a bunch of people I
don't care if I ever see again right
right
I get to see how everyone's old and fat
and I'm also old and fat I sounds fun
yeah well old and fat is a great come on
I came here where's the fuckin exit
sector late outside right no and you
know high school is it was a ton of fun
and and high school became a ton of fun
as soon as I started to realize that
nothing I did there mattered then it was
like oh this is a fantastic time
rich rich can show off his internet fame
I don't I don't care enough about these
people to want to show off my my my
z-list
internet celebrity this
right yeah
the Z list I mean you're at least X
maybe maybe I don't know I don't know
how those numbers work no I'm pretty
good length lenses he says I already
hate almost everyone in my grade well
that's that's good because like I said
you're never going to sue these people
again
you got relationship you have with your
classmates becomes completely irrelevant
unless you actually want to hang out
with these people afterwards and make go
out of your way to do so right oh yeah
no the the people who who I still see
and hang out with that I went to high
school with you know are very good
friends and and that was my decision and
that was the most lovely part of it is
it's it's your decision after that all
right this looks pretty good this looks
pretty good rich you sound very pre
Groundhog Day
you should take some piano lessons so
here's here's the thing wait I don't
understand didn't care about anybody but
himself I just don't care about 90% of
people I went to high school with I care
for humanity in general and I care for
the people in life were close to me
mm-hmm so I don't need to relive the
same day over and over again to learn a
valuable lesson carry the most cruel
lesson you could possibly learn to be
stuck in that time loop here's here's
the thing about Groundhog's Day to
ground a groundhog see Groundhog Day
it's like he's out of that time dude now
right yeah but like relatively speaking
how old is Bill Murray at the end of
Groundhog Day like is he like 4,000
years old
well like the rest the rest of his life
the rest of that character Bill Murray
Kirk Bill Murray's character's life it's
gonna like go by so fucking quick it's
gonna feel like the blink of an eye
relatively I'm sure but I mean that's
the thing is how you know I of course
you know character wise or movie wise he
went through you know how in order to
learn a lesson but also he came through
with an incredible set of skills and
it's gonna be fighting and relative to
him it's gonna go by in a blink right oh
fuck I'm aging now oh god I only got I
only got 20 years I'm aging now Harold
Ramis a little Harold Ramis said he's
10,000 years old
is that is that the official number
somebody's saying I know it's a while oh
yeah I mean he I want to say he's I mean
I don't think it's ten thousand but it's
it's I think it's like years it's more
than just years you think it's more than
just ears well somebody somebody at some
point like did like the map and how long
it would take to become an expert ice
Carver or how long it would take to
become a great pianist all these things
he learns and how long it would take and
it's even even in the best case scenario
he's he's like hundreds of years old I
thought oh that is sad
it said
okay so what I'm using what I'm doing
here for everyone who wants to know is
I'm gonna try to use the feather tool to
specifically you know now I'm working on
getting that leaf getting that leaf to
look right which is gonna be difficult
and so what I'm thinking here is if I
use the feather tool and kind of give a
good feather radius but then take the
expansion in yeah like then yeah we go
that kind of works that's better that's
better
rich do you care more for Earlham fans
than you do for your high school class
yeah yeah your people are great I don't
care at all about my high school class
except for like two people
oh wait wait we will be masbath
desaturate the bar below it what Colonel
rich mustard it seems weird that there
would be a shadow on a glowing thing
yeah but you kind of need that too
can you can you lessen it I can't I
can't listen I can and I will lessen it
here we go this is this is looking good
over there our first frame of the leaf a
little bit over here what am i what are
my general thoughts on Frank Miller
though I think he's overrated Frank
Miller right yeah I'm not you know what
I'm not as familiar with some of his
recent stuff which everybody tells me is
batshit crazy I'm only really familiar
with like classic Frank Miller what does
early Sin City stuff with Dark Knight
Returns with your one so just daredevil
stuff mm-hmm
and I even like Robocop too so I'm still
I'm still fond of Frank Miller though
like I keep being told he's a crazy man
now I just I just haven't ended up
reading much of his recent stuff maybe
that's the more how the stories don't
read his recent stuff yep
that looks pretty cool
yeah obviously it's just two frames no
one is ever gonna notice this but you
you would notice it if the leaf went
behind the light bars yes that's the
real thing and so really as long as it
goes over a little bit and it does then
that actually holds a fair amount of
that blur 'no stu it so i'm pretty happy
with that
i'm pretty happy with this okay so now
let's see what we can do at a light bar
to lessen the effects yeah when i see a
little green peeking out over there so
we need to change that
my favorite Garth eNOS work besides
preacher who loves Punisher stuff is
pretty good I never read hitman so I
don't know I don't know how good hit man
is he wrote hitman well the comic book
hitman okay
here we go yeah that's pretty good
okay so now we want to diminish the glow
effect is our thought right that's that
thought let's see here
have I played any of the hitman games I
kind of played the first one and I
really liked it but my computer was a
piece of shit at the time and it would
take like an individual level like
literally 25 to 35 minutes to load I
didn't have very much RAM apparently and
I think every time you died it would
want to reload the whole level so as
much as I loved what was going on it was
too big a pain in the ass to play it
mm-hmm and that was my only real
experience but they had ban series yeah
want to say like I played that first
hitman game I think everybody did okay
that's fine I played it on the console
whatever fun am I gonna put any Easter
eggs oh I should I should put a little
thing somewhere but we finished we can't
tell Jay okay I'm sure Jay is here right
now listening but nobody tell Jay that
we're gonna put an easter egg
oh we don't have to be really subtle
that's a good idea we should put an
easter egg somewhere somewhere in the
effects ridge yeah we should oh my god
Phoenix I'm not gonna put spikes in no
that's it I'll put a I'll put a Showbiz
Pizza Bear somewhere in that's exactly
at Mario Mario I don't think this is an
authorised Easter Egg I don't I don't
know how I feel about this you won't
even notice you won't even notice I'm
gonna put a Showbiz Pizza bear somewhere
you'll never even notice it
people people listening to this stream
will notice it and and yes somewhere and
I'm not gonna do it I'm not gonna show
you where I'm gonna put it in so you
guys won't know but I will put a showbiz
piece of air somewhere
damn space come just ask me more about
my older computers and how good they
were like when when doom came out hmm
and I was a big fan of Wolfenstein so I
was fucking stoked for doom but I I
didn't even have you know a Pentium like
that was a big deal back then when the
first Pentiums came out and I was like
you know how you get like shrink down
the window size I was like playing doom
the shareware doin like this little tiny
like two inch by three inch window
because that was the only way I could
get it to run smoothly mm-hmm nice not
really you know we all we do what we can
I read like being out of business trip
once and bringing my my laptop with and
I really wanted to play tf2 or something
and so just turning the resolution down
to something insane like Nintendo 64
resolution to play Team Fortress 2 on my
laptop in a hotel yeah it was you know
we do what we can rich chad was saying
you didn't need a pentium for look
whatever i had when doom came out was a
piece of shit okay
shit doesn't do now like didn't they
just get doomed to run on an ATM you
know but your computer it couldn't it
couldn't handle it
barely barely all right I'm doing a ram
preview now to see how this looks sort
of smaller levels without much going on
I think
a little bit bigger window who stick
Lords that's a good idea too is I should
just literally put an Easter egg
somewhere like a painted egg like a
literal Easter egg as an easter egg
has that been done I don't know I'm sure
that happens all the time there's
obvious joke when you can't think of
anything else did you for any strike
that's the most derivative Easter Egg
that's ever happened
I'm very disappointed yeah yeah right
you put like a little tiny Waldo
somewhere a little Waldo yeah here's my
own well no no I mean we're doing
showbiz
so here's my problem is it's not it's
not matching the movement why isn't it
matching the movement rich I am NOT
saying movement mesh stuff on my screen
right now so I don't know I don't know
what it's doing it's not doing what it's
supposed to be doing I'll tell you that
chata suggesting a reflection of the
pizza bearer in the window no I'm not
doing it in any I won't put the pizza
bear in any of the shops that you see me
work on because then you'll know where
it is I wouldn't do it listen this seems
good enough right right no it's it's
going to be it's going to be so subtle
than very few like no one would notice
it while watching obviously and even
people looking for it might not find it
for the record this is this shot you're
looking at as part of my favorite scene
in the film oh yeah yeah I think I like
that sequence ma'am we haven't a small
issue here we have a small issue hold on
where's my corners - my corners match
pause pause to see how much of a dummy
Jack is I might be a huge dummy
no those move okay so these are my these
are my corner pins you know these are my
templates and you see like the corner
pins move with the cars and my light
bars are linked to the corner pins but
the light bars don't move with the cars
I can't help you at all oh no I know you
can't I'm just I'm just trying to I'm
just talking it through a rich
yeah you can see you can see the car
move but the light bars do not that is
upsetting it's upsetting because they're
supposed to be oh this might be my
problem I'm gonna front saber
I'm gonna say definitely that's 100% the
problem yes whatever whatever it is I'm
talking about is whatever think we're
talking about yes great I think you're
right by the way
what is happening here gosh darn it
and you know the real thing is I'm
overthinking this all so here's what
we're gonna do here's what we're gonna
do rich this is way easier because
because I don't need to worry about
bounce on these I just kind of wanted to
show people like how I solved the bounce
problem yeah but apparently I don't
remember how I did that
it's been a while since I've worked on
these okay um this but this is how I
solved the bombs problem right but I
don't need that I just need the tracking
data I just need the raw back and forth
a transform data copy to clipboard boom
and get myself one of them Knoll objects
boom and then paste that transform data
Shaboom there it is so now that null
follows it and so then we take our front
saber and unlink it boom boom
okay cool
you need to do
you know right there and then we took it
to front saber and pick whip it to the
null so now that'll match and we do the
same for the back saber back saber we
say what oh oh my god you know what I
know what I did wrong I accidentally put
in a keyframe oh my god Oh jack she's
not helping
I just want you know that I know what I
did wrong I've accidentally put in a
keyframe and that means that it was
staying still when it should have been
moving so and that was my bad
what would you appear in Lenin cabins in
skis bite of the mummy
holy fuck yes oh my god yes yes a
thousand times over yes if Lana would
have us of course yes of course yes
okay great so now things should be
looking alright doing it the preview it
was the keyframes man that was exactly
the problem yeah my I accidentally hit
the keyframe button which made them stay
still when they were supposed to be
following the other thing so it was my
fault because I cooked the keyframe
button but exactly exactly a huggie
snuggle says how is that even a question
if a little and needs help with us all
up to us yeah in his movie who one wants
to put in one's movie exactly exactly
and if he wants us involved in any way
of course I will help lent out Len was
such a great guy you can see my bar is a
little looking a little wonky already
but that's fine I can fix that oh good
old Chris is as a programmer that was
very similar to tracking down a bug in
your code I'm sure it's very similar you
know you do so many little ticks here
and there check this box here move this
thing over here and it's just like what
did I do wrong somewhere that's usually
what After Effects is I did something
wrong somewhere and I need to find out
what or just say fuck it and start over
I'm almost done I'll see if this scene
works out oh that's a good question tell
agon rich when will our LM by Disney
never never answer what would it
question is what would it cost to buy
Disney godly amount of money what it
cost to purchase Disney I mean ungodly
amounts is the is the only answer that
there is it would cost ungodly amounts
of money to buy Disney Disney owns
everything wouldn't approach a trillion
it would what's the next one quadrillion
I'm serious water approached a trillion
a trillion is a gigantic number oh I
mean no it's it would have to be more
than that because like I I know I I
think trillions absurd Oh trillion is
absurd but but even trillion like we're
talking about a company that does
billions a year yeah so you know you
want to buy them out right
you gotta tell what's the next big
number what's the bet next ludicrous
number and I think that's quadrillion
no Disney does not go quietly into the
night what all do they own now - I got I
got Star Wars they got Marvel mmm I got
the classic Disney characters the
classic Disney movies they own ABC they
they owned the Herbie the lovebug
license that's a big one they own ESPN
today they only ESPN oh yeah ESPN is a
has I want to say always or for a very
long time has been owned by Disney they
own they own everything
what do Disney alone but I mean nothing
matters like right they have Star Wars
they have they have Marvel they have
Pixar yes yes they they own
entertainment
right yeah yep oh that that cash-cow
Tron Tron is within our alums reach I
think you want to buy Tron from Disney I
like the real question is what I like
Tron what would it take you know for
Disney to buy rlm and the answer is very
little I'm sure hey on Forbes who says
Disney is worth a hundred and eighty
billion okay that sounds about right
know if that's slightly low well they're
worth a hundred eighty billion but you
know like that's just like what they do
in a year so they're making 180 billion
every year Disney owns ILM of course
now it's it's it's insane Disney owns
everything entertainment and I mean I
guess they're doing a good job at it but
you know when do we hit the point of
monopoly I don't know and do we care if
they keep putting out good stuff I guess
not right and you know it's and it's not
just about like it's not just about you
know movie rights but but in a
merchandising wasn't that the big the
big give with the the Sony hacks is
everyone at Sony hates the spider-man
movies yeah because the movies never did
it terribly well in the box office and
they never made any money off of
merchandising coming compared to cost
and I don't think they did okay oh they
did okay everyone made like seven
hundred million
yeah but they cost too however many
hundred million to make and Sony didn't
get a cut of local ending and that's the
big thing
merchandise merchandising I'm sure
merchandising is the big thing but
saying the movies were unsuccessful I
don't buy that at all anthem anthem I'm
saying relatively spending on 180
million to make a spider-man movie
you're gonna make seven hundred million
globally oh but I don't think they cared
about you know as shitty as the amazing
spider-man movies were yeah I don't know
why the fuck they they they partnered up
with Disney for the Marvel movies cuz
that would be still doing gangbusters
money-wise it's depressing as that was I
don't know if they were doing as well as
they thought they were going to do and I
think that they understood that there
was more money to be made in other
anybody who's disappointed when your
movie grosses 700 million dollars you're
doing something wrong well yes and they
were doing something wrong
they've made the amazing spider-man
movies that was something really wrong
because you don't just spent that much
to make the movie as bad as the amazing
spider-man 2 I didn't even see that one
the amazing spider-man one was so
terrible I couldn't see too John
Carpenter could pull off a superior
movie for like five
yep yeah there we go now my life bars
are moving right all right that looks
pretty good I'm not I'm not happy in
general and this is something that you
know I just need to fix overall like I'm
not super happy with how the light bars
look in the world you know yeah just
because I like savers they're just
glowing
they're glowing things so I'm gonna take
my sabers here and put some motion blur
on them that'll help a little bit
Chet Chet is saying that domestically
the spider-man movies were making less
and less which you know ever it happens
with every franchise for one for second
look at the global numbers I'm you know
the global box box office has been
taking off those people care about is
those global box office numbers I think
the global total more than made up for I
think she's not some light leak behind
that leaf if you want to do anything
else in that show I don't know if it
needs it you know we get we get some
good coverage behind the leaf and it it
doesn't it never gets you know if the
leaf was going more behind it you know
like right here you and you can tell
here let me get my mouse here you know
like right here you can see good
coverage with decent leaking light
leaking that I'm fairly happy with I
don't know if it means anything else and
big just so everybody's ready for it I'm
gonna read off some subscribers
subscribers
first I'm gonna real quick somebody in
the chat wants a free-flow combat star
wars game and my response you're never
you're never gonna top Jedi Knight ooh
when it comes to Star Wars games okay
that's that's what they need to be
aiming for not free flow they need they
need
to do Jedi Knight to again no you know
as a you know Jedi Knight free flow
combat I mean it makes sense right
you know Jedi Knight 2 is fucking
awesome I'm just saying like for free
flow combat it would make sense for a
jet I anticipated
I'd rather have the free flow lightsaber
of Jedi Knight to where it didn't need a
stupid system you just you just ran
around and you hack the fuck out of
storms that was fucking great that's
that's my thoughts on that as far as
action games go peaked with Jedi Knight
- well you know subscribers subscribers
cracker man 5:26
mister shy smile gram Dolph gram ho ho
rip with an Emma Graham Dolph like like
Gandalf
but like grandma grandma Grendel's oh
that's fun hello my Draco oh hello mad
Reiko know what hello Draco I'm just
like hello my baby hello my darling get
it did like a thing it works every 801
MC Lucas delicious
what I was wicka wicka I was like
scratching the turntables for MC Lucas
Papa Zuzu optimus spec sports Maxwell
spec spec for mr. glitch and this all
part of us thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it okay and Draco
thirteen months MC Lucas 15 you just you
a little bit late you a little bit late
on that because you buddy gotten all the
prey
was given out earlier for the 15 months
but it was never well with 15 months
earlier who was that
John kilo head that 16 John kilo has the
16 months and I want to say it was
another had the 15 I don't I just don't
that it was before it was before I had
the twat sure ago I was like that was
like an hour and a half ago rich I have
no idea I don't remember I have no idea
all right best lot amiss with 14 but
thank you all for subscribing we really
appreciate it yeah Mario it was Mario
Mario it's true we really do appreciate
it what happens
mr. shy smile has 11 yes mr. shy smile
you got 11 but look on let's be honest
you're going up against 15 15 16 to 14
and you got 11 you came up short my
friend you came up I like you mr. Schine
guys Ron to see all the time
everyone's got you beat by like three
months something I can't sell that it's
an inferior number I'm sorry
yeah there's nothing you can do about
that we have to let you go it's just
it's business well wait we don't have to
let him go we don't I mean yeah we can
still hang around okay fine Aaron's fine

[Part II]
all right everything's fine I like this
a little bit better check this out right
eh I put a little blur on the light bar
maybe a little less blur maybe like
eight that means you seem a little more
natural like look at the front light bar
as compared to the back light bar what
are you adjusting up I put a little blur
on the front light bar to kind of like
jagged up the edges a little bit and I
think I'm looking at it unlike a very
tiny window and delay so I don't even
know if you've adjusted it since sure no
it's fine yeah great that's why that's
fine what do I know I'm an idiot
rich would you ever go up into space
fuck no no fuck no I can barely get on
an airplane III would set foot on on a
rocket and I would my head would be full
of nothing but but but challenger in
Columbia oh that poor Russian guy who
went up in like the first Soyuz or one
of the early ones and he knew it wasn't
ready but he went on because his good
buddy was was gonna be picked to go on
it anyway and then when when as
predicted the flight crashed and like
burned up in reentry he was like cursing
out his superiors oh sure and he
actually before the trip because he
actually kind of knew it was gonna fail
and he he predicted his own death he
wanted an open casket funeral with his
burped corpse just just to rub it in the
faces of the higher-ups who made him go
on the flight home line and they and
they did it I saw like a picture of his
funeral oh my god I wish I could
remember his name also I want to give a
big shout-out to dr. vector right now in
the chat dr. Beck there
that's a great idea doctor vector just
said that I should change the blend mode
to add and that makes the light bars
actually glow and so dr. vector thank
you very much of that it's exactly what
I needed although now it almost like it
doesn't you know like now there's no
separation to the ad so I don't know if
that means I need to turn off my fast
blur maybe turn off my fast blur but
rich wouldn't you want to experience
being weightless oh fuck no I hate I
hate roller coasters I hate that that
sensation when you're on the way down
that's basically weightlessness and I
can't stand it it makes me nauseous
I'm I would be the guy with like
throwing up in in the space capsule and
this puke would be floating around
everywhere and getting in the
instruments and everyone would be
panicking as the systems were shorting
out one by one because of my puke Esther
it would be the most embarrassing way
possible to die
you know they'd be like they'd be like
the the government Commission like on
c-span afterwards and this is where the
puke got and video me like spinning
around and I think you're a crazy person
I'd go up to space in a second if I
could just to see just to go I went up
to space I'm fine on the ground a place
simulator give me a simulator on the
computer I'll be fine
waffle tells us that's not fucking
weightlessness that's you falling with
gravity hey waffle till guess what orbit
is
oh you know what that is that's a six
science burn yeah that right there's a
sick science burn this looks great I I
don't much care that in this particular
shot you can't differentiate them oh oh
I know what I can do I know what I can
do I think what I'm gonna have to do is
find so you know I see some people
asking about um like the colors of the
light bars and when you know like it
like a police light when the lights are
on they're gonna flash blue and red just
like police lights do but when they're
off they still need to glow something
right and so yeah like I'll show you
what we're gonna do here oh yeah okay
take this back one and make it like a
brave red right so that'll be there's no
separation
Optimus Knossos hey rich would you try a
teleporter of those existed you mean you
mean would I like to be ripped apart
atom by atom and then to have a
identical duplicate of me created like a
mile away but I'm so basically dead no I
would not like that teleporters are a
philosophical nightmare everyone on Star
Trek dies different and then they're
clothed takes their place mm-hmm you
know what that's kind of true rich
here's what I think we need have you
seen the fly you if you haven't by the
way you should totally see the fly it's
it's really great okay I think I know
what I can do here I have a plan rich
well that kind of looks ugly cuz I
really like that glow like that glow is
really important you know the add glow
because of the the savoriness right but
we also need to differentiate the front
beam from the back beam I also think
that's very important
someone's asking if teleporters really
work that way in Star Trek you know
there was an episode where apparently
sometime in Rikers past they beamed him
up from our planet but there was a
atmosphere interference yeah and they
didn't quite beam him right so it's like
they just like remade him with other
energy because they were ended up being
to Rikers yes yes Star Trek
teleportation kind of does work like
that
no and that's by the way why like wasn't
that uh that was Polanski's thing and I
think so
is is there there was a there was a
whole subplot of people who refuse to be
teleported because of that very thing
jacket Star Trek is called beaming they
refused to be beaten teleported be
imported be important when when you when
you when you you know when you go to the
store do you do you get in your
your-your-your motorized wheeled
conveyor or do you get into your car
port maybe both I get into both maybe
they both I don't know rich I don't
fucking know McCoy hated being beamed to
has that a thing I I'm not a big fan of
the original this is more so than like
the the the fear of something going
wrong it's more the philosophical what
comes out the other end is didn't really
you it just thinks it is
yeah but does it matter like if it if
it's justa matters to me if it's all of
your atoms in the same grouping and you
have all of your same memories your
atoms that well I think that's the even
if it is like the energy from breaking
down your atoms is it the right energy
going into the right spot or is just
random wherever it goes like maybe the
energy that was your brain and it's not
your foot well I I want I'm gonna hope
that they haven't figured out by the
time that they're using it every day by
the time they're using it in everyday
military applications I'm gonna hope
they have that shit figured out I'm sure
the first couple of people to be beamed
yeah they died they died or they ended
up as foot monsters that's just a thing
they go they go off to the foot planet
but I'm gonna hope that they have that
shit figured out by the time i'm using
one i'm not well i mean i i'm not it's
not like i'm not a fan of the original I
respect the original Star Trek for what
it is of course of course but it's just
like next gen I'm a bigger fan of Star
Trek next gen is I guess what I'm trying
to say the original has a special place
and they did some things really fun
especially the battles I love to battles
an original Star Trek this sorry I'm new
in this movie oh no I thought you're
going to talk about Star Trek battles
like the the slow time like almost
submarine battles of original Trek we're
awesome yeah that's all but am i more of
a next gen fan
some people Chad think I'm worried about
a soul that's not it at all
Star Trek they're not they're not taking
your atom apart and moving it they're
taking your atom and just breaking it
down into energy and sending it over
there right and then that energy is
being reconstructed and I'm not sure if
that's still you once you like you've
actually destroyed the atoms
and and that energy is not necessarily
going into the same spots that you know
I mean you can yeah your your your ass
could be your new brain
well like theoretically theoretically if
they move all of your atoms into the
same spot it's like it's like having a
lego guy and taking apart all the pieces
moving I don't think that's how it works
though if I work because you know the
conservation of energy right mm-hmm you
you you you know that Energy's always
gonna be that amount of energy you can't
add or you can't make it more than where
it is right where it is then you
couldn't get to Rikers in a transporter
accident and they did yeah but aren't
going into the same spot but it's also
TV shows they're just keeping track of a
pattern when they talk about pattern and
pattern buffers is what they're talking
about mm-hmm it's the information that
makes up you but it's not necessarily
the energy or the atoms that used to
make up you this might be getting too
deep for me I think
oh and no Jenna I actually have not seen
any Rick and Morty I've heard nothing
but good things about it rich have you
seen any Rick and Morty sorry about
before it's fucking great it's good
though I think they're pushing too far
with Rick he sees he's starting to
become flat-out evil it's it's it's
getting hard to like Rick now is it is
he stuff like not giving a shit coming
actively evil I think they need to
wrangle him in a little bit
what's the the Homer problem as The
Simpsons went on and on Homer became
Leslie like dumb everyman and more like
the invincible everything everything
everything is that what Rick is becoming
the invincible what like Homer from The
Simpsons
Oh like exaggerate it too far
one direction yeah yeah yeah but it's
crossing a line of apathy into actively
being evil George okay maybe I haven't
seen any of it I I I will watch it one
day but I just have not seen any of it
yet
flying fences Rick is not evil in one of
the last episodes he enslaved Microverse
to make energy for his car battery when
they didn't want to he threatened to
destroy the entire universe he created
that's evil I'm sorry yeah that sounds
pretty evil to me so you're saying the
transporter makes new atoms doesn't it
theoretically brave well I mean if you
get to Rikers you're just taking energy
for something else you're taking like
energy from the world court to make a
Riker hmm and it's putting it's putting
energies that was allocated person
that's a copy of Riker that's not like
her this looks pretty good for now
I'm not super thrilled with our lack of
distinction between the two light bars
but I'm gonna be pretty happy with this
look what I'm looking at now I kind of
like it
yeah it looks better than deep shadow
did ya okay I'm a shadow was distracting
the Shanno was distracting to me yeah
well and it you know the science wise it
makes sense is there's just two things
emanating light right but you know I
guess we don't really need him because
later they'll be emanating different
lights so yeah I'll be okay with this
this looks pretty good great
ganga stances have you played Metal Gear
v yet no no we haven't we haven't played
or talked about Metal Gear at all
there's none at all
the thing that I'm most about ours
here's the thing that upsets me the most
about Metal Gear Solid 5 right now is
there's no our counter on the ps4 and I
want to know how many hours I've put
into that game is really letting when
you look at your save file not even when
you look at your save file you can't
tell how many hours even playing the
game and it's really frustrating because
I'd like to know how much time I put
into it I want to say I'm getting close
to 30 hours into the game I have played
that game too much I'm about 28% done
with the caveat that I've been doing a
ton of side missions and recently I just
started focusing on the story story
story but our plan is to have enough of
it played so we can film our discussion
on Friday yeah and then hopefully have
an episode out by the by next week
who knows if that'll happen but that's
the plan at least I know we're starting
to go into heat death territory here oh
no think about it this way rich how many
of you from when you are born are still
in you almost none this is even true
from just a few years ago and he is
talking about I like like every
basically every 7 years here your body
has recycled every atom that used to be
in your body the thing is yeah I know
that is that is a philosophical
nightmare and it is true yeah but at
least at least you know when you get the
transporter you're just you're doing it
all at once
I guess it's efficient at least at least
when my body slowly replaces every atom
that's in my body at least it's in steps
gradual enough that I don't notice and
that's blessing that's a blessing not
God Oh hold on mister tryna smell says
Jack if you pause the game then go into
records it will tell you - oh please I'm
thank you mister shy smile
that is important information pause the
game go into records it tells me
rich-rich cloning Metal Gear Solid is
about cloning so it's related tell me
tell me if you're fine with cloning
yourself to replace yourself
oh wait rich do you see I don't know if
you see that on the top right corner you
know that is it's time to stand up okay
all right stand up no yes why because
why because it's important to move every
hour or I'll see you do terrible things
about it I ride my bike to work I'm fine
Jack Jack doesn't like it when we go
into heat death territory problem with
cloning someone is interested in cloning
themselves I don't care but that would
not be you a clone would essentially be
your younger twin brother and/or sister
I think well what gender you are of
course
so ethically no problem with it but it's
definitely not you
no of course not you it's it's the whole
it's the whole nature that's a nature
versus nurture thing right like even
twins you can have the same genes but if
you're raised differently
oops sorry about that everybody if
you're raised differently you're a
different person you have different life
experiences there's a lot more to what
makes people people than just you means
I don't know what the metal medical term
for it is ever heard them called
chimeras like like the Greek creature
but it's kind of its kind of like the
opposite of a twin sometimes yeah you
know like like twins who aren't
identical what cycle is it
fraternal eternal twins sometimes
paternal twins can like one twin could
absorb the other yeah yeah I know so the
child that's born is like genetically to
people it's like like like
kind of like the fly only you don't
notice because they're both human oh
that's creepy shit there there are
people who go their whole lives without
really knowing I heard there was a story
I read once I don't remember any of the
details I'm sorry but that was like some
kind of like custody over a child was
involved and it's like the mother wasn't
testing as being the mother of the kid
you know I was like really weird and
then they find out like the cells from
like the uterus for different from like
cells that they were testing because she
was really her own twin you know they're
like merged in the womb oh my god that's
terrifying laughs oh yes I I didn't
forget the windshield reflection and
lash out Mabel Mabel I just wanted to
move on to a different job so because
I've been working on that one for a
couple hours now so I just want to move
on to a different job that uh has a
little more going on so I I will
remember to go back and put in the
windshield reflection but thank you for
letting him it might not have been a
child custody thing cuz I think either
way I would attest it is a relative but
if some kind of thing where they weren't
sure of the person's identity because
they were getting like a different
result than what they expected I had
genetic test oh that's creepy you know
that is creepy
don't worry about me I'm just clicking
when I press the button you ever do that
when you're in your color like a shot if
something doesn't if something doesn't
click make a clicking noise you make a
fucking noise I don't know if I've done
that commonly I've probably done
something like that before I do that all
the time no I like clicky noises I like
feedback you know oh you're doing a
thing
rich would you say Rick is just going
through an arc since the season started
from from Rick and Morty if they are
doing an arc then they're making Rick
unlikable which I still think is a bad
thing he's not fun when he's threatening
to destroy a world so this car has a
battery that cross some kind of line
what when it comes to my being able to
to enjoy the character to have fun
watch that character
for you being able to watch the
character yeah yeah for me Finian's it's
only my own opinion I never speak for
everybody simply I say I am which I
don't know if I've ever done that but I
just want to make sure I guess what I'm
saying is could you stop speaking for
everyone
yes I did not great so I can't why I
know I can't stop because I did not so
no but could you stop why I didn't do it
the first place it would be impossible
to stop oh my god don't you see how this
works what if I didn't be okay I'm fine
with that great great and that's great
and everything's great rich yes
and that's great and everything's great
all the time
I'm asking out this Indore
boom nice
this is a fun shot because there's lots
of stuff in front of the light bars the
door comes in front of the light bars
rich you walk in front of the light bars
all walking funny and silly it's great
it's great everything's great
my ad to
would you say that after the unity
episode Rick is starting to break down
that that's possible I'm just saying
whether or not it's a character arc or
not there they're going into danger
territory at least for me of not liking
the character anymore because this is
too far too far
Oh
Oh
here we go No Oh No
I forgot how to add a spline
does anyone do
I want to add a point rich I forgot how
to do something yep all right this would
be the last
Rick and Morty things these short clips
vague contexts aren't going to be
entertaining in hindsight what when rick
destroyed the whole world last season
that was an accident
it wasn't intentional mm-hmm threatening
to destroy the world he created when
they weren't going to provide him with
car battery power anymore is a different
animal intent the key is intent
ah there we go
I figured about don't worry I figured it
out
intent very important also I'm glad
you're thinking about entertainment in
hindsight you've been rich has taken
over the cutting up of twitch videos
into YouTube videos and I don't know if
I have properly thanked you for that yet
it has been wonderful it's appropriate
it's appropriate you added the episodes
something I can do it's a it's it's been
very nice you know all the sudden I just
get an email that says hey it's up on
YouTube and I can I can still do you
know I had the thumbnails do all the
tags on YouTube side but I appreciate it
speaking of which how did everybody feel
about the Mad Max highlight video people
loved it I can tell you that do you know
what it did a made it on the for some
reason it made it on the ps4 subreddit
oh really
even though you were playing it on the
PC games available on ps4 so I loved it
I plan on releasing them sporadically as
they as they come the highlights
what about episodes I do there are
episodes like that aren't on Twitch
anymore that we can't make highlights
out of I'm thinking like I've liked
older stuff we might want clips those
yeah yeah the end of the order like that
needs to be a highlight that's serious
it totally needs to be a highlight video
we have a highlight of it can you
highlight a highlight I don't know I I
don't know I don't know yeah I don't
know either I thought that was good
the end of the order yeah maybe and I'm
not gonna read out a steam name over
Twitter I don't know if they want their
name out but that person who just sent
me hitman blood money oh thank you
thank you I'll check that out when I'm
when I'm done playing the metal gears
I'll check that out I don't know if it's
the new new ones the last one made that
people liked I think the last one was
kind of uh kind of bombed with the fans
oh did it is it the last one of the one
before the last one was not very popular
no how did the movie just you know it's
awful they went that's a video game
movie so I'm just going to assume it's
awful yeah yeah Cyril yeah that's
probably right you know it's probably
right jack Geoff wants to know if you've
played Mario maker yet I haven't but I'm
definitely getting in it looks great
everything I've heard about it looks
fantastic you know you make your own
Mario levels boom that's all you need to
know it's gonna be great I just I just
haven't because I've been playing Metal
Gear I'm trying to focus all my time on
that I feel like once I start making
Mario levels that's all I'm gonna want
to do for a while and so I'm trying to
finish one thing at a time yeah yeah
like I really want to play Mad Max
there are some people like on Twitter
and whatnot you know asking for you know
recommendations Mad Max vs Metal Gear
Solid and - you know the thing I keep
going back to is which it's which which
ever world do you like the best yeah
yeah I think the general consensus is
that both both games feature a fair
amount of repetition as far as the
missions are concerned but which world
can you stomach for longer but my
assessment of Mad Max was that the
gameplay feels a little bit derivative
it's not it's not as much shadows of
more doors everyone thinks it is it
sounds a lot like shadow of Mordor the
combat is altered you know it's it's
it's that free flow combat the Batman
combat the shadow of Mordor combat but
it's it's it's altered enough so that it
feels different like like Batman jumps
around hitting foes like you X once and
you knock a guy down yeah
Mad Max is smarter you like bash a guy's
face in five or six times before moving
on and and you know like the different
things you do a little bit more brutal
like like Batman doesn't kill people in
the way that max does sure nothing okay
the car stuff is great in Mad Max when
you're fighting a whole convoy one
that's 101 when it's one-on-one it just
turns into like pathetic bumper cars
they need to do something about that
pathetic bumper cars yeah and you are
really kind of just doing the same
things over and over like this you can
knock down the the stare crow thing and
take down the base in every every area
of the maps got like five or six bases
and a skate you know I mean there's
definitely an over again but I still
find myself wanting to do it well I
think this it's similar to the Metal
Gear where it's like no matter the
mission you're sneaking
into the base to get something what are
you're killing someone or rescuing a
hostage you're always there's a bit more
depth though to the sneaking and
shooting then there is to the Mad Max
just how badly a lot simpler oh
absolutely give you more like graduate
no one but it's like like kind of like a
graduate course compared to like an
elementary course yet yet I still find
the bad back stuff incredibly fun he's
easy to pick up and play and enjoy it's
like it's like Metal Gear gameplay wise
gameplay wise certainly not story wise
it's like like like caviar but you know
sometimes I'm just in the mood for a
cheeseburger and Mad Max big cities
cheeseburger what do you like more
driving in Mad Max that take an Arkham
Knight driving in Mad Max driving in Mad
Max I haven't even driven that much a
Mad Max and I like driving more in Mad
Max this there's a little bit more to
the combat and bad backs it's it's not
quite the the kind of brain was dodge
the line and shoot you get dark of night
that was infuriating in Arkham Knight
that's a line shoot the thing that's the
line shoot the thing you're not in a
line just shoot the thing dodge the line
and shoot the thing right like in in Mad
Max you can like use a harpoon gun to
rip a car's door off and that you can
aim your shotgun through the door and
just shoot the driver you could you know
there's some neat things you can do in
the Mad Max car combat
hello oh yeah I'm here so I'm just up up
out for a second there no just doing
stuff oh worried you're doing stuff she
should know how it goes over here ding
Arkham tank combat customer says why
would Mad Max liberate a fortress there
ever actually is a story reason for it
in order to get safe passage in the one
area like the guy in charge that area he
wants you to work to take down the
enemy's fortresses it's how you earn
your keep so it's not it's it's it's not
out of the goodness of his heart which
would be inappropriate for Mad Max there
is a selfish reason yes
which we're all ok with
yeah and like I you know I enjoyed the
Mad Max movies I just can't see myself
caring about that world enough to play
the game you know Mad Max god I'd love
the road warrior so much when I was
young
oh right right yeah and I just can't I
can't get there movies are fine I don't
know if I could ever be into that game
franchise road warrior were so so
wonderfully brutal I mean they had the
guts to shoot the dog Jack that was so
great they had the guts to do that
wonderful movie robberies are wonderful
I always always wanted to play a fucking
Mad Max game and then never really made
a good one
until now now there's a half-decent Mad
Max game but but you still don't get to
wear a proper Mad Max jacket you've
completed the story bow of the game
which is kind of ass for completing the
story you get the good proper decent
looking one when when there's nothing
really to do story wise after that
that's that's kind of okay so explain a
little tube killing a dog is always
cheap though but they almost never do it
because audiences like dogs too much
that audience is gonna feel worse if you
kill a dog that if you kill a human
being in a movie it just I think it's
it's true and bad max had the guts to do
it I think it was the first movie I saw
that had the guts to do it so rich just
wants to see more dogs die it was it
wasn't a random stray dog either I mean
it was Mad Max fucking dog that was with
him for the whole damn movie until it
got killed
how many dogs get killed in Space Camp
20 20 dogs get killed in space captain
actually 19 we cut out one of them oh
did you know the whole scene got cab so
the I think that one dogs just gotta
disappear from the movie and nobody's
really gonna know what happened to it
but is this a minor role for that dog
the the paper mache scene yeah you cut
out that the paper machines dog-killing
scene yeah
oh my god I loved that I thought that
made the whole second act work the paper
mache wasn't working it looked it looked
terrible well of course it did that was
the whole I thought that was the like
the meta joke of it all
you fucking J fucking lit it better yeah
I guess I could see that all right
that's fair that's fair you know a lot
of lessons were learned while making
space Capri yeah yeah like who knew it
was that flammable to begin with
I didn't tape rachet yeah well I like
you know whatever what we all knew in
hindsight there's a risk it's wet paper
you know like the wetness I thought it
would but it's dry once it's a shame I
guess yeah do much with it wet you never
think about it though like that you
always think about it as wet I guess I I
did I don't know you know I guess I
guess what I'm saying is yes we're gonna
miss miss that's we're gonna miss that
scene and more importantly we're gonna
miss blinkers who passed away while
filming that scene but I thought I
thought it was worth it well her owner
was not happy
you know they signed the paperwork
that's out matters you sign your
paperwork liability is not
on us that's all that matters did we did
we you know clear things with PETA yet
is that still going on
no in fact we've made it worse with PETA
in marketing strategy really yeah I
talked to Jane Mike into actually like
ascending angry letters to PETA hoping
that vase that's not gonna work
banned the film we publicity yeah for
publicity because everybody hates PETA
and so we're hoping that PETA comes out
against space cop for free publicity
okay okay you know that's that's my plan
I don't know if it's gonna work but you
know yeah you tried different things I'm
shocked we're still doing this this bit
yeah this is it gangbusters rich and I
think everyone in the chat knows that
it's a bed and they're just waiting for
us to stop the bed but now the business
is about to bid itself so it's imagine I
had to ended I had nowhere else to go
dead end really you know yeah rich you
gotta take some improv classes how about
as good as improv it you gotta roll with
them punches get rich some improv
classes for the new year mr. court says
doom comes up often around these parts
but were you ever into quake
well as we've talked about my computer
could barely run doom when do come out
came out hmm so I I had little hope of
running quake but I did love quake too
quite a bit by the time quake 2 would
come out I'd upgrade it so
yeah we go all I've been doing this
entire time is masking out this corner
of the door that goes in front of the
light bar by the way I'm sure people see
exactly what I'm doing
and Hounds it's amazing work you're
doing jack you know this is it this is
the job and the thing that often scares
me is how much I really enjoy it you
know just making tiny little movements
to the mask and mocha helps you know I'm
just right now I'm just hitting trace
forward and it it follows the door which
makes it a lot easier but really the the
there's a part of me that is very detail
orientated and I really like this aspect
of it
not in every respect like right now my
desk is a mess I think in real life I'm
a messy person but on the computer I'm
pretty I'm pretty clean it's your office
still a mess with the remodeling stuff
going on is that what's going on oh yes
yeah now there's paper on the floor like
literally the floor is covered in paper
because of all the construction I'm
bringing in things slowly it's a it's a
it's a mess over here yeah yeah jack
series question time beret or fedora for
me it would be a fedora so like a fedora
is the Indiana Jones hat right yeah I
wouldn't be caught dead in the brain no
no I mean you know I think Berets are
that's a that's a fashion choice whereas
a Fedora the Indiana Jones had because
of the wide brim I don't think it was
technically a Fedora I think it was some
kind of weird-ass custom things the way
I think the the brim an Indiana Jones
hat was like whiter than a standard
fedoras brim you think what the brim on
Indiana Jones hat oh you think it's
wider than a normal yeah no no that's a
fedora I know I think it was some kind
of weird custom-made Australian thing or
whatever was they found for Indiana
Jones I don't think it was a standard
Fedora oh I believe it is Doris and
smaller ribs no no that's a that's a
trilby this is a real thing we can
google it the the Hat with this small
Ranma all around okay okay that is
called a trilby I know this because
there is a haberdashery in my
neighborhood oh my god the right I know
and so so the wide brimmed fedora the
Indiana Jones hat I I would choose that
because of the practicality I'm a pale
man and
I need some protection yeah so I know I
know fedoras get a lot of flack on the
Internet
and whenever someone mentions the fedora
they show a picture of a trilby and it's
for someone who knows the difference
between the two it's always very
upsetting to me I don't know if it was a
trilby or a fedora but I bought one once
many years ago okay what might be neat
and then I put it on once that's stupid
never wore it again yep yep
i just opened firmware says i just
googled it Jones's hat is a fedora yes
okay it's this is the thing I don't know
how this whole Fedora thing got started
but who cares mark says what's this nuts
from Miss Mythbusters talks about
getting his Indiana Jones hat made it's
a special Fedora a special Fedora I know
I know there's something weird about the
Hat and it had to be custom-made for
every goddamn movie because it was there
was something not standard about it oh
well you know movie prop I guess but
sure okay sure oh no and I see that that
Chad come in the movie is not just
waiting on my special effects the movie
is still being edited by several people
it's not just waiting on me that would
be horrible if it was just waiting on me
I would work on it a lot more if that
was true it's slow work it's a little
work it's slow working there aren't that
many of us working on it I look look how
long this is taking
well and I'm also talking but doing so
like now it was a little bit faster but
yeah this is this is true this is how
long effects work takes you know it's a
it is a slow job it is a slow job that
works best when nobody notices it
rich do you ever wear any kind of hat
other than a baseball cap what do you
want me to wear a beanie right how many
other cat it's a hat can you wear you
want to come to the haberdashery in my
town no no some jerk that's the real
thing by the way like I would love to
wear Fedora like a hat with a brim
because I'm so pale and I want that sun
protection but no everyone who wears a
hat like that looks like an asshole shy
shy well when I was like oversized cat
in a hat hats you would they want you to
wear an umbrella hat a hat that is an
actual tiny umbrella maybe I should have
fucking cowboy hat oh my god that would
be great that would be great rich oh
yeah what a pheasant won't even cover my
butt yes great fucking great
no I know it would be social suicide if
I work for Dora that's why I don't wear
one I wear baseball hats like I don't
watch baseball at all I have a ratty
Brewers hat that I wear when I'm outside
for long periods for the record I don't
wear a baseball cap because of the bald
spot and like my bald spots a matter of
public record because I like baseball
right
oh no rich is comfortable with his balls
bound I I am accepting that it exists
yeah that's comfortable that's that's
something that's more than some people
whatever-whatever like baby barber shows
me the back of my head the mirror oh do
you have to do that I know yeah a subtle
reminder rich yep your body is slowly
falling apart yeah I got that one I
couldn't walk for two months yeah it's
not just your back it's everything in
your body falling apart where's your
baseball team rich Chicago White Sox
we're talking minor-league I guess
they're datin technically minor leagues
they're independent the Windy City
Thunderbolts every every every time I go
to a different ballpark I I buy a hat
from the team they're like I've gone to
a lot of like smaller teams the Normal
Illinois Corn Belt errs the Normal
Illinois Corn Belt Thurs for corn belt
purse what they're her logo was a
cartoon ear of corn what Gary rail Katz
rocford River Hawks Gateway Grizzlies
what rich you are a minor-league
baseball fanatic oh it's fun it's fun to
go to minor league games
Schomberg flyers I want you to start
making up names and see when people
figure it out I don't think that fast I
don't think I can come up with really
don't at the MA night I'm going with Evy
Kings I'm gonna see the the Tallulah
foot-stomping after that there's really
only had jackhammers yeah yeah they they
got really good they go really good away
teams it's gonna be a tough match though
cuz they're planned the the Toledo yeah
go to a minor-league game alright you
get you get like five bucks you get a
seat you're you're like 10 feet from the
damn field you paid twice as much in a
at a major league game and you're
sitting in the fucking sharpest seats I
just there's no way I could care about
baseball's shit
I just can't care about baseball that
much Ridge it's so boring
not since baseball is the perfect blend
of excitement and relaxation nothing
happens there's there's time to sit
taking the nice weather have a hot dog
and then the game unfolds slowly enough
you can follow what's going on easily
and then when action happens it happens
fast patient when you got when you got
fucking bases loaded and and somebody
hits a goddamn triple then suddenly it's
the most exciting thing in the fucking
world I love you have to be paying
attention at that point and by that
point I'm usually drunk and asleep see
that's the beauty baseball happens slow
enough that you you you you you don't
have to be paying 100
set of attention to 100% of the time or
you'll miss something when that pitch
starts to happen you know there's gonna
be this way you know to pay attention
you're the back to the fat you know to
look and see what's going on mm-hmm
if you're not watching the game to begin
with and usually when there's people on
base and exciting things are going on
you are yeah you know I've just never
cared I don't know you know what and I
don't know if I've ever tried to care
about a sport it just doesn't matter to
me anybody who thinks is born actually
go to a game what a nice day
I've been to James on a nice day I
thought the same damn thing until Karen
dragged me to a Windy City Thunderbolts
baseball game and I loved it I fell in
love I mean I guess you know deal I've
only been to brewer's games yeah there
are local team but I've been to Brewers
games because you know our family I have
friends that want to go to a game it's
like yeah I'll tailgate and get drunk
with you guys if that's what you want
and I just I'm just tell was terribly
bored the game starts and you know like
I'm usually into it when the game starts
you know all right
pictures are happening hit sir hitting
if he's out standing in the field again
baseball became popular because you can
listen to a game on the radio and not
miss a thing you know exactly what
fucking happened mmm baseball's built
for radio yeah I'm gonna go ahead and
say that that's a very accurate
statement right
that is a very accurate what happens in
baseball is clearly and easily able to
be defined it's it's not like watching a
hockey game where people are just flying
all fucking over the place somebody's
getting checked on one side father pucks
been passed over there I mean while the
goalie is getting up things are going
out of one time well you know it's just
like a hockey game same like that
basketball hmm
football things are going all over the
on the field when things are happening
baseball it's like any hit the ball and
it's double and then the bases are
loaded this we've won 2nd 3rd and 1st
and when things happen they happen fast
and yet there's enough time between
things and you can describe it describe
it easily that's great yes Herk hockey
is great to watch terrible to listen to
on the radio which i think is my point
mm-hmm I just I just stepped on the
volume control for my headset and I my
my ears are going to hurt every time you
talk but that shouldn't fix that I'm not
gonna have to talk to that rich do you
have any thoughts about Formula One
racing no it's the most boring thing to
watch like NASCAR
why why why the fucking anybody watching
things I'm not NASCAR everyone agrees
NASCAR sucks for most formulas when I
believe it has tracks that you have to
make more than left turns on is it
slightly more exciting and then the
funny cars you know they have the big
wheels no no those ones it just goes
straight right no that's a that's a drag
racing okay drag racing might be the
dumbest thing yeah
yes second only to NASCAR okay okay like
my cock can go super fast right like
wicked fast right
it doesn't do too well at turning so I
say we race but don't turn none huh
I don't I don't understand the pit stop
either way like you're in first place
yeah and then you have to have a pit
stop are you still at first how does it
work nobody knows nobody knows nobody
scares ever everyone is way too busy
getting drunk and finger banging their
sister nobody in NASCAR cares about at a
NASCAR game but they didn't think
somebody was gonna die in a horrible
flaming wreck exactly exactly
no no NASCAR will never ever make any
sense to me never ever make any sense
I'm sure much like every sport there are
those people who are like no if you
really pay attention like there's this
whole meta for NASCAR right Thank You
Chad for hearing my my incest joke I
thought it was pretty funny but that's
NASCAR you know that's that's that's
what it is
people people dig it I don't give a fuck
necessarily it's not it's not a part of
my life that I need to be concerned with
so this is a pretty good door mask right
here this is a pretty good door mask I'm
pretty happy with this I'm happy for you
you should be a little bit oh my god I
just burped rich that was terrible
terrible I got I got a fuckin headset on
what am I gonna do oh that's right your
mic is attached to your face yep
I don't know what you're gonna do that I
want here no I can't play that suppose I
could try it burp out of my ass but that
would take a while don't burp out of
your ass man don't do it I believe in
you what time is it 11:00 a little after
11:00 yeah we'll go for a little bit
longer we'll get a couple more things on
this one shot done okay
next video job Jackson jackets is gonna
be a NASCAR commercial it wouldn't
surprise me what would you do I mean
whatever they wanted it that's that's
the number one rule of freelances if
you're paying me I will do whatever the
fuck you want me to do that is my number
one rule if you're not paying me then
then I get to decide some things but
NASCAR wants to give me some money I'll
make whatever fucking commercial they
want for enough money I'll get in front
of the camera and just be like NASCAR is
the fucking greatest sport ever and
Obama is the worst president in the
history of the United States I will say
that for another call back I get it yeah
call back I get it
you know that was for everyone what
stream was that oh god that was so long
ago that was so long ago rich I can't
even remember Texas Texas seems like
forever ago
for whatever reason I just relisted a
part of whatever stream that was I don't
remember what stream that was
I was that yeah no I I have a price that
price is me being able to pay the bills
yep yep
obviously like if I'm more like you know
NASCAR is just something I don't care
for you know that's that's not gonna
take a lot of money to convince me to do
a NASCAR commercial it's like oh I don't
care for this but people like it so good
for them if it was something I was
ethically against it would take a
shitload of money you know like if
someone wanted me to make like a pro
rape commercial really like a commercial
that was like endorsing rape that would
take basically I would just need enough
money where I would never have to work
again because I would never work again
right would I make it maybe I don't know
I might have gone too far that's okay is
there a person we go too far all the
time
Wrigley's as an actor as an act or is
there is there a price that you would
act in a pro rape commercial no I
wouldn't act appropriate you would never
act in a pro racer you know let's let's
you know like they were Cherise Potter I
don't know that I would yeah I guess I
don't know if I would either jokingly
I'm gonna say you for the right price
absolutely you know some things are just
off limits yeah yeah I mean you're right
you're right but you know like 20
million dollars maybe
is what I can say jokingly because it
will obviously never happen you would
lose the family or trying to support uh
you know but then my kids could go to
college and I think they would like that
paying all sorts of bills all the time
have food every day full rapes a weird
one because that is never going to
happen
well that's that's why it's so you know
that that's a that's the most outlandish
right you would have to find something
that's at least plausible and asked me
that question at least plausible yeah
that's interesting so like you know
that's kind of inspiring me here and I
think they said this Pro Bill Cosby
commercial like it's a PR thing oh sure
like Bill Cosby wants to be like I'm a
good guy yeah yeah okay that's
interesting so you're like me so what
would it take for you to be in a coma
like a commercial saying I'm famous
internet celebrity rich Evans and I want
to talk positively about Bill Cosby you
know you have to put your putting your
reputation on the line for Bill Cosby
how much money yeah I don't know I don't
know but you know because once you start
talking about millions
that's awful tempting that's awful
tempting it's awful tempting you know
what Bill Cosby is not the same as Pro
rape mr. glitch because it's all alleged
he hasn't been convicted of anything he
hasn't been convicted of every end of
anything until like I still think he did
it though oh sure sure oh sure yeah like
how much would it take for you to
support Trump for president you know
what that's never gonna happen anyway
that's about as likely as a pro rape
commercial yeah so you know I would do
that just for the yucks to make myself
feel better I can give part of the
proceeds to Bernie Sanders there you go
everybody's feeling the Bern rich
everybody's feeling the Bern I am I'm
seeing stickers everywhere now I live in
a fairly liberal neighborhood though so
it's not it's not terribly surprising I
just I I thought I'd see more Hillary
not obviously we're not getting into
political talk yeah I'd like to steer it
away from there yeah yeah I think I
think right or left from pasilla joke
yeah I think I think every I think
everyone agrees on that yeah yeah all
right I think I have the door mask done
which I'm pretty excited about
all right let's take a look at this
let's take a look at this look at that
rich look at that rich Evans beautiful
acting right there there's a couple
verbals here so what's the hold or mask
thing about oh sorry yeah sorry forgot
so what i'm doing here is much like for
anyone just joining us
which I guess is the thing that couldn't
be happening so the space cop car has
these light beams on top and in order to
put in the light beams obviously
anything new that's in front of the
light beam let me go back to MOCA here
anything that's in front of the light
beam has to come out and so what I need
to do is in order to create the light
beam I need to mask out everything
that's going to appear in front of it
and add it to a new layer so it's in
front of it and so that's what I've been
doing with the door here so like I'll
have to do the door and then eventually
like when rich comes out I'll have to do
the same thing with a rich is like mask
out his figure as he stumbles and walks
and then after I have both rich and the
door masked out I can track the green
bars to put the light beams on
I think it's going pretty well pretty
well the Chad is asking why you're not
just keying out because there are parts
of the light bars here if I go back to
After Effects here there are parts of
the light bars let me turn off the glow
I should here there are the the front of
the green bars that are the silver that
won't Kiat and then loop see and then
tracking would be a little bit of a
nightmare I mean I guess you could still
track the kind of the same way and
that's what Jay wanted so you just kind
of do what Jay wants and if you key out
making the glow happen I think would be
difficult well you know making a glow
happen on top of that just from keying
it out and then you'd still have these
silver discs in the front which i think
would be a big problem yeah you know to
have the silver discs and then I'm like
a glowing bar and like I said more more
so it's that's just what Jay wanted he
said he said give me some light sabers
on top here and I said okey-dokey and I
like how this looks you know like if you
look at it with the glow that looks
future II that's fun
Kilroy bucks Punk says and isn't some
for sure is a key out the light bar then
key met the silver ends question mark
then key map this silver ends you could
can fly farther than key matha yeah like
and you you could owe it like really you
could you could keep out the light bar
and then just kind of extend the light
bar a little bit and they would give you
the same effect but like I said this is
just what this is the look that Jay
wanted for the light bars he wanted this
kind of glowing thing and it really
looks cool when you
if you just keyed out can do the glow
right that would be the really hard part
and there's okay probably a way to do it
but here it's very it's very easy you
know to add that nice red and blue I'm
gonna add them really quick here so you
all can see like a dark blue
you know like look at that and look at
that red and blue glow and then I'll
have them alternate you know like where
one goes red then one goes blue and
they'll kind of flash back and forth and
I think that's super cool okay I think I
did something else too I think I uh one
other here's another preset to really
make the color vibrant yeah I think I
did this yeah this is what I did
somebody else is just saying what if you
just kid on the the parts where the door
opens I think you're and have a weird
issue where it looks different oh and I
could yeah and you know that really you
know I'm just doing this to be as nice
as possible you could keep out but kini
leaves a lot of artifacts it's very
render heavy and I just you know I want
it to look nice and and kill right mix
Punk IIIi knew that you didn't know what
you're talking about you're just trying
to suggest that's why that's why I made
sure to say that you way had a question
mark at the end of that mm-hmm we do
everything everything's cool oh yeah no
I mean there's you're free to ask
questions you know that's yeah that's
cool I like this they're like you had
the this vibrance thing on top of it
then you get this really cool like deep
red and blue glow to the lights that's
really cool and Spacey's that's so space
copy sir BP what's what's middle gear
sell at five I've I've never heard of
that is there a new Metal Gear Solid
game coming out Metal Gear Solid five
I think there's a new game coming out
rich we should have we should have on
them I said he said V I'm assuming
that's v it could be a game called Metal
Gear Metal Gear Solid V but oh they're
going in like a Roman direction with it
that's interesting
what the Metal Gear series so this is
like the pre pre prequel where snake is
his assassinating Caesar just just
missing the bit Jack just missing a bit
what's your bed I've never heard I have
never heard of it before just a bit of
any Metal Gear yeah that was the bit oh
and I thought the bit was just then
you've never heard of Metal Gear Solid 5
the bit was I'd never even heard of it
but but it's ruined now I'm sorry yeah
and you're telling me to take improv
classes I I find that laughable quite
frankly Riffel I misinterpreted the bit
and if you would have taken improv
classes correctly you would have just
rolled with my misinterpretation instead
of calling me out on that is true it's
yes and rich
yeah so I'm just I mean really this is
just me trying to make it look nice and
then when I you know the other thing is
because I'm masking it out instead of
like keying it out I can do things like
light wrap these doors you know like I
can have the the main mask but then I
can also add an additional mask which
adds an additional feather and add to
make the the light from the bar a little
more natural there's a lot more I can do
because I'm masking instead of keying
and I you know you think it looks nicer
hopefully it looks nicer you know it's
it's all the same stuff and that's all
you can really hope for is that you just
hope it looks nicer this is how I do
things
check please try it King this rotoscope
is taking forever yes yes just for the
sake of the stream we're gonna slap
together a space copy that see you're
entertained
people did see you know like we I did
this tonight because we missed the
yesterday stream and so I wanted to do a
makeup stream and I just need to do this
anyway and so this it seemed like a nice
thing to do and people did genuinely
seem to enjoy the last room I think I
got a little more done last stream but
this is the work sometimes and I'm sorry
if you're not entertained by it but I I
find it to be very engrossing that's
just me I think our chat has been
superlative and thank you again for
chatting with me rich I know you know
like there's no game happening there's
not a lot going on but I appreciate you
lending moral support yeah I I do want
to get back to to Metal Gear Solid 5
right swish so okay well you know what I
think I'm done with this door mask I'm
just gonna double check in and then I
think we can call it a night yeah oh
yeah see you like a tails off a little
bit here
like I see a little bit of white comes
through here so as soon as I'm done with
this door mask we're gonna call it a
night
any any last minute sobs get in now this
has happened reading a posture this is
happening we are close we are close
people
what what did I think about ground
zeroes III like ground zeroes actually
kind of a lot it doesn't have any of the
supernatural shit there's no flaming
humpback whales and it's a really
fucking cool base to sneak around hmm
and I didn't play ground zeroes they did
tweak some of the gameplay elements a
bit for Metal Gear Solid 5 yeah yeah
still really nice base and it's just a
nice non convoluted story you know
break-in and rescue these people rich
this time to stand up I'm not fighting
like that spit blood out of their eyes
bridges that is it oh no no no it's been
an hour you know that peace stand up
stretch your legs oh wait stand up I I
question authority jack
people tell me to get up and move I say
why and that's why there's a fire in a
theater I'm gonna burn to death when
they tell me to leave no no
because most modern medicine agrees that
standing regularly really really helps
my standing app is is just it's called
stand that's all it's called it's for
Apple and then you choose a that app
sounds like it's running your life for
you I'm very happy I'm very happy for
you Jack it's working great you just
pick a time and it does it every hour so
I picked every half hour every every
half hour on the hour it little thing
pops up and it says hey hey dickhead
stand up and I do and it's great what
I'm almost done I think I got this I'm
looking I'm looking at the I was going
to start start reading names but
whatever oh I don't I I said I was going
to stop when the mask is done okay okay
I'm sorry I'm just getting a head start
Jack that's all don't even watch women
we have to wait I was gonna read you I
know you're all excited to have your
name's Rhonda and that's a great mask we
did it go ahead go ahead what go ahead
and go ahead and read the names why
should I
I just saved again all right why should
i because I'm gonna like I did what you
told me to do Jack Jack I'm like I'm not
gonna sit her and say Omni remix a
clockwork Stalin Liz 6005
vodka Gimli
see the new hobbyist and doctor Robocop
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
we got a lot more we got some more 15
saamne remix 15 months that's great
rocket rocket Gimli 14 months that's
amazing then clockwork Stalin on the
little bus with 11 months you know
that's I mean that's fine it's not quite
the new hobbyist you know both months
its one-year anniversary's pretty nice
congratulations happy birthday baby
doctor Robocop has just subscribed oh my
lord it's the beginning of a long
journey that you'll give up in a month
that's okay that's okay we're gonna live
innocence no obligations we're glad to
have you for as long as you want to stay
thank you all for subscribing
we really appreciate we really do and
yeah appreciate you all hanging out for
this I know these aren't game streams
but I still have fun doing them and I'm
glad y'all could come on thank you to
all the new subscribers thank you to all
the old subscribers and thanks to
everyone else we just came out for some
you know these are exclusive first looks
at space cop look at this look at that
rich look at that rich acting right
there he's getting out of his car oh
shit man look at him he's walking
exclusive first look exclusives
