Sep 6, 2015
Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/15756870, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwqhsKHGQKc
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/15758460, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dM-zy7AGdOE
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/15761652, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8pWT3SK6fw


[Part I]
it stands for bring your own box someone
made that joke on Twitter earlier today
BYOB bring your own box and I thought
that was very appropriate for metal gear
that's a very funny joke so I'm gonna go
with that also is it it upsets me so
much that someone doesn't know what BYOB
means you look sad I do I know inside
various Kirk what have you seen me with
hair recently hi everybody welcome whoa
that's very loud we're gonna turn that
down that's right no in his forehead he
has little bits of someone little bits
of someone like exploded and lodged into
his skull and they're growing and it's
like a demon horn thing so it's it's
very strange I don't know quite what's
happening with his forehead
what the fuck indeed a horn right are
you feeling a phantom fan right now I am
because rich is not here I talked to
rich earlier today and he was doing a
lot of work today and needed to play
this game and didn't feel like he could
gain a good appreciation of it while
streaming cuz he hasn't had a lot of
time to play and so he wanted me to do a
solo stream tonight which is fine so
this is it it's just a it's a jack solo
stream tonight so it might be quiet at
some times as I am also trying to digest
the game I'm not very far in I think I'm
only like 3% into the game I got past
the first initial cutscene oh also like
for anyone who is watching this tonight
obviously
I'm sure there will be spoilers galore
because I'm playing the game so if you
don't want the game spoiled for you you
know try you know sorry everything's
fine you're right
yes I know and I won't be skipping any
of the cutscenes because I know the
cutscenes are important the cutscenes
have been pretty bad shit insane most of
the time but here we go here we go we're
gonna we are gonna start moving here
also something everyone should know
about this game is their art is no I'm
gonna show this to you there no not that
I'm not gonna show you that there is no
look at this
there is no audio options to the game
there is no way to turn down the game
volume and so right now listening to the
game in my headphones is melting my ears
and it's horrible and terrifying and
there are no audio options to the game
and that that is that is a unacceptable
on acceptable that there is no audio
options to the game and I hate it I hate
it so much because if I want to play
this game with headphones on you know or
get really immersed it means it blows my
ears to pieces it's it's terrible I
can't turn the game down if I'm worried
if I'm wearing headphones no if I'm
wearing headphones I cannot turn the
game down there is no option to adjust
the game volume in my headphones I'm
playing this on the PlayStation 4 so ok
here we go so let's get going
there is no volume control on no there
is no volume control on my headphones
they're just headphones you know so stop
don't my liking what okay so here we go
let's uh let's pick a mission here let's
pick a mission I've been playing for a
little bit I've been I've been enjoying
it for the most part should we do should
we do a side mission I've been really
liking the side missions over the fence
extract an engineer sure why don't we
give this one a try
Phoenix are very funny menus I know it's
exciting the I think you know what I'm
gonna warm up with a side mission here
let's see here
extract interceptor extract prisoner
with who is sure let's do this one
please select the landing zone let's
land on this side because why not
yes we'll see okay so here's the the
loadout select screen well you know you
get to kind of choose your your loadout
for the mission primary weapons so I'm
rocking a sniper rifle and my silenced
rifle because that's great secondary
weapon is the pistol the silencer pistol
single shot tranquilizer handgun great
support weapons c4 hand grenade I got my
box I got my Seaguar and I got my
upgraded night-vision goggles I want to
make sure that these are the upgraded
ones yeah great you can you can deck out
your horse I only have two horse outfits
right now so obviously not doing great I
thought we're gonna we're gonna put them
in battle dress look at Diamond dog
battle dress horse I don't have any
vehicles yet and I can only select snake
right now that's it that's it
wait so suddenly there suddenly had no
spoilers rule no no well don't try not
to spoil it for me I haven't played it
so try not to spoil it for me but you
know obviously I'm playing it and you're
watching me play it so it might get
spoiled for you but try not to spoil it
for me as I'm trying to play it and and
I I'm trying to enjoy it so far there
are parts that I like there are parts
that I don't like and the parts that I
do like you know the the the espionage
the the the actual sneaking into bases I
really do like it how lost are you when
you come when it comes to the story of
the of the game that's a good question
and here's the thing about the story of
this game is it's actually very simple
but there's a ton of
randomness to it that it just does that
doesn't matter to the story so - spoiler
alert for the first five minutes of the
game
a floating girl makes a flaming whale
eat a helicopter and then after the
flaming whale eats a helicopter a demon
riding a unicorn chases you through the
woods this is a very real thing about
the game and then after all of that
insanity happens your buddy who's
helping you escape through the woods
says we have to go to Afghanistan to
stop some insurgents and and so far I've
spent all my time in Afghanistan so so
all the craziness in that opening
cutscene has so far affected the story
none and that's it gotta look around
last time I landed there was like there
was a bad guy hanging around so I gotta
just check around so then this happens
you get dropped in Afghanistan and you
go on a mission and it's super easy it's
not a girl it's a boy with an 80s
haircut it looked like a girl and looked
feminine all right here we go so we are
going to extract interceptor great all
right let's do this so how'd that horse
get there I can only assume there is
someone in Afghanistan watching my horse
but it looks nice you know desert you
got a horse
I found a puppy I'm raising a puppy
right now and that's pretty cool
what's that oh I can collect plants
there's this whole base management oh
crap my era I hear a car coming where is
it
is it gonna see me where is it
I'm just gonna stay here and I hope it
doesn't see me yep didn't see me just
here dude on a horse that's fine didn't
see me so there's there's this whole
mother base management game in this game
that is incredibly just you know I I
find it super unnecessary for the fun of
the game and and it it's just it feel it
feels kind of tacked on but it's fine
I'm playing the game playing the game
now we're gonna try to make our way over
here without being detected we're gonna
get out the horse
I think I'm far enough away where that
guy shouldn't be able to see me so this
what I'm doing right now is part of the
part of the game that I find really
enjoyable which is the reconnaissance
you get to scope out your objective
before you go on your mission you get to
like tag all of the guys who are in base
you know like here like I just picked up
a weapon you kind of get to look around
and kind of plan out your mission the
new analysis complete thing that's my
new scanner is I can everybody because
you can kidnap people you kidnap them
and tie them to balloons and the
balloons fly them back to mother base
and I want to kidnap the highest quality
people obviously I don't want no scrubs
oh there's another guy yeah he has a
c-grade in something so maybe he'll be
useful so it looks like there's only
three of them there oh wait no there's a
guy up here too so - to scan them to tag
them like I am you just need to zoom in
with your binoculars oh there's another
guy okay great so some there's even
another guy yeah all these guys are kind
of scrubs but you can also like listen
in to them you can hear them to have
like conversations which is really neat
some of them listen to music that guy's
glitching out
but this is the part of the game that I
find I'm really enjoying is kind of the
the gathering Intel being super sneaky
unfortunately there's not a there's not
a lot I can do over here to be super
sneaky I'm gonna try to lure some of
them out of the base I also need to find
I need to find my captor I need to find
which one of them has the
are you talking to each other yeah
one of these guys is the guy that I'm
looking for you stop there maybe I could
take you out first I check my map real
quick can I go around yes
being super sneaks right now I kind of
want to take out I wanna kinda want to
take out this guy first just because
he's the furthest away and that's
usually my mo is you know take out the
farthest away guys first but maybe I can
lure a couple of them over here
No
I'm not close enough for them to hear me
I guess
my plan is not working I guess I could
just snipe one of them but I don't know
which one is the I have really hate the
the weapon picking system I don't know
which one of them is the language expert
and so that's the only problem here is I
need to find which one is the language
expert
tell me here in the skins
which one of you is my language expert
city
hmm I don't like this I don't like it
then I then I chose this mission to
start with because this is a mission
that I kind of want to take my time with
the shoot'em that got their attention
there we go that'll get one of them to
come over here right
I got a moving
oh there we go now I got to move in oh
they keep talking about this naked girl
that's in them and this isn't me taking
my time no I did I mean I want to move
him along here we go now I got him to
disperse a little bit that helps this is
me taking my time by the way anyone who
knows me knows that I'm an impatient
person I wanna get him moving there we
go now I got him all looking that way so
I should be able to sneak over here is
the AI dumber than the writing um you
know it's sneaky sometimes
as you see here I'm gonna just kind of
get right underneath this guy's light so
you know and that guy is shining his
flashlight on me so it's like yeah yeah
it's kind of dumb sometimes not crap
crap
oh crap you know what fuck it let's
start the mission over okay here we go
starting over you know okay so coming up
this I didn't seem to work too well cuz
I couldn't get any of the guys out of
there maybe we should try coming from
this side
okay let's talk oh yeah have you did you
see the hell max landis situation I'm
talking about a guy who has no chill you
know what's funny the funniest part
about that is how he was he was adamant
that both Jay and Mike hated Chronicle
you know like he in his Twitter he was
just like oh man I mean they hated
Chronicle so of course they're gonna
hate this and if you rewatch their
Chronicle review the very first thing
out of Jays mouth is oh I really liked
it I thought it was a really solid movie
like that is the first thing out of Jays
mouth so you know it's fine it's fine
like if if he takes it personally that's
that's just gonna be his thing no chill
fuck look at me I'm not doing great yeah
he sounds a little bit like a spoiled
brat but like that's gonna be fine he's
here's here's the thing like max landis
grew up the child of a famous director
and so he has grown up knowing nothing
but the Hollywood system and that's just
all he knows and you know there's no
there's no helping max landis there's no
talking max landis down so just let him
be try to you know imagine he doesn't
exist
so that's it no I mean there there is no
there's no reasoning with max landis so
don't even try let me try a little more
direct approach here I get a little bit
closer oh I see that guy's pretty close
I should be able to lure him I think I
think he'd hear me
come on come over here check me out just
check me out for a little bit
doo-doo-doo-doo hey that'll get their
attention I just need one of them to
come over here but I think I'm gonna get
more of them over here you know what a
Vinci I'm just gonna say f it and sniper
rifle them but no no I need to extract
the one guy here dammit I was doing
better at this game I swear so now
they're checking behind the rock which
is fine I guess I did get him away if I
can get I'll see what happens maybe one
of them will like stick around there
here I'll hide in the grass
here we go now I didn't get caught huh
where's mr. Evans tonight I don't know I
think he's actually playing this game
but he wanted he didn't want to stream
this game tonight because he wanted to I
don't think he's had a chance to play it
doing something very stupid right now I
feel like I'm doing something very
stupid right now
all right what can I do here I think
what I'm gonna try to do okay take out
okay that guy moved that's something
that guy moved so maybe if that guy
comes back oh here we go
no one's really looking can I do this
let's just test the waters here can I
just sneak right by these guys like this
now I told I can check this out let's
see if this'll work
let's see if I can be a total con no I
got up why did I stand up why did snakes
stand up from from laying on the ground
huh
what why did I was laying on the ground
and I wanted to go to crouch but snakes
stood up come on come on
why don't use the high ground so they
can't rush you well I'm the I need to
figure out which one of these guys is
the language expert and so I need to
interrogate one of them and so I can't
kill them is my problem and so I need to
try to take him out super sneak like and
I'm not nailing it
well now you go on no you know what end
of max I I haven't seen Chronicle I've
heard good things mostly from Jay I
really enjoyed he has those two Internet
shorts about Superman and about
wrestling and I thought those were
really neat kind of max landis talks
about Superman the death of Superman and
about wrestling and I thought they were
really well done and they were a really
fun stylized infotainment video I I've
never seen his movies
but I'm on the fuck indeed
all right where's everybody what I've
learned is they can't see me if I crawl
even if I do this look at like totally
can't see me okay we gotta tag these
guys I don't want them to sneaking up on
me later
you caught me
come over and look for me come over and
look for me
yeah gonna knock now how do you not hear
that I hate him that's super sneaky
that's great there we go all right got
one down this is my new plan this is
exactly my new plan it's just hit him
with the old tranquilizer dart it's the
worst plan ever
here we go
perfect I'm kind of killing it now I had
these guys done oh no this guy just
noticed something
don't worry you know what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna shoot him in the head -
doesn't look like anyone else is alerted
come on and b'doop
okay so now can we knock and get these
guys attention knocking just doesn't
seem to work so I guess we're gonna just
shoot people
do-do-do-do-do and good there we go nine
this is how I do the missions you have
to steal stuff for your base now you're
still handling that light good for you
you handle that light cuz I'm gonna take
you out he's got that light don't you
worry and interrogate
great and then we kill quick reload
there we go
okay
and this guy this guy is like oh oh
there's a prisoner over here alright
let's go do-do-do-do-do what the hell is
this this is Metal Gear this is this is
metal I just totally metal geared the
fuck out of this I'm gonna take some
plants yeah and then um I should
probably blow this place well no they
don't have any communications rigs it
usually if there's like an antenna out
there they have communications rigs I
should probably kill all those guys
though right what do you guys think
should I am oh Fulton yeah you're right
I should fall to them okay so this is
what you do to prisoners remember ready
ye this is literally what you do in the
game
isn't that crazy dead
so should I kill him no kill okay great
great
so that was the mission I apparently had
to say I cheese I felt like I cheese it
a little bit that wasn't very sneaky
using my silenced
tranquilizer can you peacefully beat
this game I think I think you can get
through without killing anybody
well I accepted you there are some
missions where the mission is to kill
someone but yeah that Fulton is a little
silly all right let's go to our next
mission should i folding all the
soldiers should I okay I will you can so
what happens when you Fulton enemy
soldiers is they get converted into your
teammates right now I haven't I don't
have the materials to build up my base
and so we are running a little tight but
I'll fold in a couple of them let's see
who has the good we'll see who has the
good stats are you know there is one guy
who had like a like a C in some in
building which one of you had a C was it
you did I kill the guy who had a C now
okay yeah I'll fold in you so then you
can basically capture the enemy soldiers
ready ye this is go fly that's it that's
the whole thing
that's the whole thing it's a little
crazy what gets even crazier is they ask
you to start extracting sheep that's a
real thing they say you know what we
could really use some sheep the person
who said to be highly skilled um yeah
we'll do that one well do that one we
could use another prisoner where are we
going oh man we're going way the fuck
over there well that's right across the
country you know well let's see if
there's anything closer let's go to a
main mission let's go to a main mission
over the fence extract an engineer who
defected to the sower these are all
extractions recover the US military's
new weapon yeah let's try this one out
and is this one closer what
what is it what is all this stuff on my
marker oh I don't care about that
mission start point we shouldn't start
what what no I did something
okay I need to go apparently over there
alright so let's go a Fulton is an
atmospheric kidnapping device yes
for the Fulton extraction device is that
weather balloon thing that sends
soldiers rocketing up and it's hilarious
it's a hilarious and dumb thing did I
celebrate national pizza day yesterday I
mean every day is national pizza day as
far as I'm concerned when you have
delicious pizza near your house any day
can be national pizza day take advantage
that's what I say yeah you're right I
should call the helicopter I'm very very
far away okay
you're right let's be smart about this
I'll take the helicopter am I happy with
the rocket leave video I am I mean there
were there was stuff that I thought to
talk about later that I kind of added in
text form the whole kind of simplicity
and game design that I wish rich and I
would have talked about more but I mean
overall I'm happy with it I thought it
was a good conversation of other funny
jokes and you know who's fun there was a
light video a fun light video so
hopefully we can get a little more meat
out of this so far though it kind of
feel like so far my feelings on Metal
Gear is kind of like it's alright I
don't have much to say about it good bad
or otherwise so far of course I'm not
very far in for anyone who knows for
anyone who's played the game you know
it's like I'm not very far in but I
don't have I just don't have a terrible
amount to say right now
helicopter come and no no Ridge tonight
Jess Jack rich is it playing metal gear
and didn't want the live streaming to
spoil in any way his review
Audio bad
the game audio or me audio
didn't I played my my history with the
Metal Gear games is as follows I played
the fuck out of Metal Gear Solid for the
PlayStation 1 just played it loved it
had a great time with it and then I
played a little bit of two and it got a
little crazy and then I stopped caring
and felt fine about that audio fine
great thank you thank you actor Jane
you're mad I'll trust you
so I've never cared about the series
bandar and I kept hearing that the the
cutscenes got crazier and crazier and
the storylines got more convoluted and
crazier and so I just stopped caring
about the Metal Gear franchise and so I
have not played a Metal Gear game
completely since the first one since
Metal Gear Solid for the PlayStation 1
and that's it you know so now I'm
jumping back in and like I said that
opening cutscene was nuts great a
network Eric that's fine
great that's fine I don't care ok let's
go over the fence
strannix an engineer or what's this one
he said to be highly skilled well you
know well let's do another prisoner
extraction perfect let's do another
prisoner correction yeah commence
mission let's go happy new beer oh yes I
just know I'm drinking a 6-point crafty
old resin eye IPA it's one of my
favorite eye IPAs at the moment it's a
very small can of beer but it's it's
like 9 percent alcohol so it mm-hmm it's
just nice it's nice to drink if you
don't like IPAs it might be a little
like drinking gasoline but for someone
who likes IPAs it's very rich and hearty
so I like it
yeah I heard the last game was terrible
button you know like I said I've been
out of the franchise for so long I'm
coming in fresh and I was expecting
terribleness after the opening I mean
that first cutscene was like 45 minutes
with sporadic gameplay thrown in and I
was expecting terribleness but since
then it's been this it's been basically
break into a camp in the desert and
either kill a guy or rescue a guy and
then get away from the camp in the
desert that's been the game so far so
really did max listen if max landis
wants to come best of the worst he is
more than welcome more than welcome
anyone anyone who can endure three films
okay here we go
prisoner extraction and you know what I
say max landis is more than welcome that
is not my decision
max landis can come to my house and eat
pizza if Mike and J don't okay where am
I gonna oh okay
now there are guys there like there are
randomly just guys all over the place
already I see dudes I see you dude yeah
I see like these communication towers
after I'm done with the mission I'm
gonna want to come back and explode
those because that means that if I
explode them they can't communicate with
other bases and send reinforcements and
stuff ok so just two dudes over there so
I can probably make my way around oh
wait I see another dude I see another
dude up there Laura over there I really
dig this part of it just like scanning
and I just dig scanning stuff
it feels it feels like I'm doing spy
work when I'm just sitting still and
looking through a telescope from very
far away I should probably get off my
horse now I'm getting close enough where
they can hear me I don't know the exact
rules yet max landis his father is John
Landis who directed many landmark
comedies and a number of Michael Jackson
music videos very well known and
respected comedy director I want to say
he directed like Animal House but off
the top mate I don't remember
hasn't directed in a while but in
general is a well respected director
sometimes the game is not very clear on
what rocks you can and can't climb up on
and
I'm gonna spy I'm gonna spy on you I'm
gonna spy that guy dumb fuck
truck guy has gotta scan those where are
they I see you got a scan the truck -
cuz then when these guys every once in a
while like a truck will drive in and
guys will walk around got a scan them
seeking so you can catch him later
just scanning dudes that's the game so
somewhere in here there we go somewhere
in here there is a prisoner have u.s.
ranked a mission yet the first mission
is ranked but beyond that now like it's
all I think all my missions have been
bees so far mostly because as you
noticed me I just I fuck around I don't
do a very good job I'm not very thorough
and I get I get impatient like I should
scan that gun so I should know where
that gun is boom ok now I know where
that gun is alright so in a perfect
world I probably want to go or like go
around here and come in somewhere
through the back cuz there seems to be a
strong front so can I get down over here
I can so I'm gonna crawl around over
here see if see if nobody notices me
I'm gonna try to sneak err on the back
of this encampment
I think I'm far enough away from that
light operator where he won't see me but
you know I don't know the exact girls
I'm a I'm a hundred meters away let's do
this oh yeah his lights over there he's
not gonna see me is what I say right
before he sees me right
why is this not torque sales right what
did you think like the first mission in
the cutscene where you have to escape
from the hospital is insane and dumb and
it's it's dumb it's the dumbest like
teach you how to do the mission mission
ever because there's so much insanity
and it wouldn't like it would have been
fine if the insanity would have kept up
throughout the rest of the game like I
said someone summons a fire whale to eat
a helicopter and that could be really
cool if like the game was about hunting
fire demons on unicorns which is also
another thing that really appears in the
game a fire demon rides a unicorn but
then so far besides that for that
opening cutscene the rest of the game
has been this has been crawling around
in the desert doing fairly standard
military ops give me a game about crazy
you know that's kind of like this is why
I locked on to blood-borne so much was
because the world was so crazy and full
of monsters and I liked that I do like
this I like the sneaking around part but
it seems so disconnected from well
there's a guy
it seems so disconnected from the
craziness that happened earlier you know
we're not gonna make it to good cover
I'm just gonna hide in this grass but
I'm still I'm giving it I'm not very far
in at all so I'm obviously I'm still
giving it a very real chance I'm not I'm
not jumping to any conclusions as of yet
oh here we go this is good this is a
good place to be I feel good about this
oh there's a guy tag you oh I see you is
that a guy oh I'm totally gonna go kill
you okay look at him he's just sitting
there all alone he's basically asking to
be killed there's no support around
you're in kind of a quiet area you're
basically asking to be killed and
interrogated so I guess I will unless
this guy's coming that way that 84
meters guy he might be coming this my
button fucking this guy I'll be dead by
the time he gets there there's another
guy sag him
these guys are kind of heading this
direction but I think I can get this guy
before they get there so the the fun
thing is you need to kind of get in
places and interrogate people to see
where your objective is and then they
tell you like where treasures are like
diamonds you need to collect diamonds
and shit
these guys are these guys coming this
way yeah but I got time I can do this I
can do this okay you have to also be
very careful in here because there's
like shit that can break and alert
people to your presence I don't know if
I can but I'm gonna I'm gonna kill this
guy
Tara gate
and great
all right great great we did that that
that went great so now we know the
location of the prisoners right there
that green triangle so now we can kind
of come up with a game plan which
usually just involves taking out people
closest to furthest away poop in front
can I just restrain him and poop in
front of him if this will real-life
that's what I would do I murder of
course I murdered him don't you guys
murder everyone in these games I do they
once they know I'm here of course I
murder them I don't want them reporting
who killed them to their superiors
always kill that's my rule no no I'm not
gonna move into the light to attract
some troops that never that didn't work
last time I'm gonna assume it's not
gonna work this time
slow and steady I don't like how fast
those two guys are moving
sometimes you can hear me have
conversations this guy's kind of
standing oh and I bet I could take him
out this guy right over here
those two guys go oh there's another guy
I see him
oh there's another radar dish you gotta
take that out these two guys are gonna
be troublemakers that kind of roaming
guards we gotta take them out
oh there the truck drivers great yes
they'll just drive away
nope nothing to see here truck drivers
nothing to see here at all I am go on
your way great all right here we go
not going to take any chances
okay
oh crap
someone might have seen me getting out
of here I can lay down snake
this guy's got nothing he's got nothing
what who can see me okay he might have
heard me he's got nothin he's got
another
why did you turn around you dickhead
you dickhead
I might be able to oh yeah I can
so again
snapped his neck and pick him up and
drag him away come on come on come on
and come over here now doo doo doo doo
nope nobody was there I don't know what
you're talking about
nobody was over there so now we do that
with the next guy oh why are you coming
back now
yeah these guys are a little dance but
that's okay
don't want that other guy that said turn
around and walk this way for no reason
and hide the body
you know it doesn't even need to be
anywhere good just an out of sight
great that guy was just kind of sitting
over there but he's out of the way so I
don't think we have to really deal with
him right now there's so many guys over
here I just need a good escape route
you know like once I get this guy I'm
planning on going back this way so
that's literally all I'm concerned about
right now is like clearing the path over
here to get a good escape route oh crap
come on come on come on come on
this guy gonna notice me nope nope it's
not great
nope nobody noticed the thing
do-do-do-do-do
everything's fine oh that's I gotta get
in this building here
I just turned off a generator to kind of
distract everybody you have to go check
it out and go check out that generator
situation
yeah
I might be able to get out of here now
or I might have to murder everybody
which is more likely
I take this tape sometimes you can take
like the tapes and I want kids in
America lights are back on
great
a little quiet okay
alright alright this guy's gonna come
back up I can totally kill him
I wouldn't know there's a guy behind him
a shit yeah you head back over there
don't be didn't see anything
you didn't see anything motherfucker or
you did and you're coming to check it
out but that's fine because I can
totally take you out then
alright why did I do I have a clear that
guy sleeping now great
okay let's go let's go
let's go
that guy's sleeping he's not gonna hear
a thing great
I wish the lights are off but you know
it's not a perfect world
as everybody else no fuck it let's go
great you know what that's minimal death
I don't think I killed oh no I just
killed that one guy oh and a dust storm
great no I can't Fulton er there's a
deaths arm and you need to kind of get
her out of enemy the enemy base where
I'll stay here you Fulton and it doesn't
matter now because I got a dust storm
it's what everything's fine everything's
fine I can't do shit if there's a dust
storm
you killed three people I killed one i
just i subdued the other two i killed
one person and i think that's acceptable
you murdered yeah I murdered the one guy
but he would have talked
most likely an intruder so I just need
to wait for the sandstorm to be over and
then I can fold in there oh sorry
so you see right now the Fulton is only
at 40% oh no now tied under for that oh
okay okay
by
Jack you could have Fulton her and it
wouldn't have mattered if they heard
because she would have been lifted up in
the mission would have been done yeah
but that's not really the mission for me
the mission is getting out undetected as
well you know it's not really a win
unless you do both fuck my horse can
come to me all right we got her that's
great let's go do a real mission now you
know that's from for me hmm you know
what there is a good reason to go back
and clear the camp I could go back clear
the camp gather all the resources and
take down their communications which
would be very helpful you know what
let's do that so every camp has these
resources and you need to collect all
these resources to build up mother base
because now you are in charge of mother
base first of all it was a she they'll
be searching so now I'm gonna basically
come in here and murder everyone and
steal all their stuff which you know why
not they're bad guys right very my plan
is to do that at least I don't know if
that's gonna happen my plan is to come
in here and murder everyone come on
see look at this guy he found like the
dead body and he's like yeah I guess
I'll just stand in the exact same
position I don't think anything bad I'll
happen to me
it's gonna be okay oh and we make them
first we make him ooh there's a highly
skilled soldier here thank you and
murder goodbye who's the highly skilled
soldier ooh where are you
there's an elite one of these stunt guys
is an elite soldier this guy too so that
guy right there is an elite soldier so
you know what he's getting foldings
right on out of here
Oh I guess I didn't need that lighter
that's fine
right are you an elite okay okay yeah I
forget
all right
is this Kathie Lee this is the Illya
right here okay great none of these guys
are noticing I mean I do love it that
Fulton is so ridiculous that folding is
just ridiculous so I kind of love it
they're asking a lot of the audience
though to be like all about this hyper
serious war stuff and be okay with silly
stuff like the Fulton that's that's a
big ask I think for the audience but I'm
okay with it
they don't quite manage it perfectly but
all right everybody seems to be over
there so it's just I think this is
another Fulton guy here
yeah oh no a knife Alton a ton of
soldiers I think there's this another
elites right here yeah this is nobody
I'll fold you oh there you go now we
noticed now you know it's a look at
these guys we're gonna take them down
one of us got pulled into the air by a
balloon the falton device is a real
thing
is it that's ridiculous if it is it's
ridiculous
check will never read that Fulton is no
I well there you go Chris event I did
read that I think I think it's
ridiculous I mean it's hilarious but
it's a real thing but it's corny as hell
in the game it is the the the
presentation in the game is very cheesy
what's going on here what am I waiting
for
guess I shouldn't have Fulton's a bad
guy cuz now everybody's all up on alert
anymore elites there's there's just so
much out there
well here we go this guy turned around
finally
whoo there's a diamond over there
and first we'll make them give me
something great and then we kill murder
because why wouldn't you murder everyone
and dump your body over here
I saw Dimond I gotta go get that I got
if to remember there's a diamond over
there murder everyone that's the name of
the game murder everyone five all these
guys they're close
oh don't piss this guy off can I go
through the lights off again that'll
rattle their cages a little bit maybe I
can go get that guy
please Fulton your defecation can I do
that
oh do they know I'm here seems like they
know I'm here
this guy totally does not see me
oh I wanted to murder him
do turn off your shit
you'll find a cassette tape here great I
forgot to check who the elite unit was
so it might be him so I don't wanna it
was him
what is this guy doing
Oh what what happened what the fuck
happened oh crap
what where did you come from
get up snake you son of a bitch all
right I'm getting out of here I have no
idea what happened there running running
running away just gonna run away where's
my horse we're gonna get on out of here
what do you mean I said
I was pressing the capture someone
button and it didn't capture him yeah
well you know what it doesn't matter I
got out I got a couple extra guys that's
all that matters
I got a couple extra guys that's all all
that matters okay great let's go to our
next real let's go to a real mission
we're going here right oh you know what
let's get a helicopter in here oh great
great that's right here he called in and
you killed him before the all clear was
given Oh some guys attack if you hold
them up or try to grab him okay all
right we'll see that's good to know
oh is that how you run with the horse I
did I honestly did not know how to run
faster with the horse
I have not mastered the art of pressing
square around the horse yet I was
actually trying to figure out how to do
that because in order to run why
wouldn't it be the same button because
to run when you're running it's you hold
down L stick so I thought it was hold
down L stick you know where the fuck's
my air support Jack is doing great now
you know what I cleared the mission I
got some extra stuff I'm gonna call it a
win I'll head over handy get get out of
my way horse
Juden Juden
did I learn the opponent's own yet No
know what

[Part II]
what so what could I actually gain by
enduring awful gameplay in addition to
awful cutscenes and coda conversations
adding it from drying out that's my but
no there's some fun in the gameplay so
far I'm not gonna I'm not gonna crap all
over the gameplay because so far the
game has been fine and the cutscenes
nothing's been happening so oh good we
got some people that's all that matters
the horse gets ballooned oh maybe that's
what happens good night Lloyd thanks for
coming go take care of that Babs ok
we'll do one more mission and then I
should head back to base because in
order to manage a base you also need to
stop by every once in a while to say hi
to people to raise their morale which is
a real thing oh oh oh I can construct
more platforms one or more units has
reached maximum staff capacity by
building more of the relevant unit
platforms are basically all handle more
staff base facility is great rd platform
which develops weapons which produces
materials which sports your actions and
areas operations fly drops I probably
want to increase our d because we want
to be able to develop more that's what
I'm going to guess see here mom is here
as a pay increase it was good
yeah I went on
you will be notified once the platform
has been completed great okay great
let's do a mission let's do a real story
mission here okay
I was that true you become more easily
noticed when you have blood on you okay
i don't think i got a new new weapon so
employ at night and you know Myron
remember everyone Jack does not notice
details you'll be less stressed if you
accept that fact this true and remember
I'm trying to play the game while having
a conversation with you and while
talking in general go back to base to
shower first yeah well try it will try
out the mission if I fail or go back to
base
oh I know that's true there's a big girl
in the house yeah Oh glad sneaky pinky
yeah sensei it was great really glad
they got picked up for a second season
really fun really fun also finished the
second season of black mirror no not
black mirror I'm forgetting what it's
called the one with the clones what is
that cause
how about this matter maybe black mirror
there's not worse
hold on I gotta go garden orphan black
thank you vodka gimlet finish the second
season of orphan black really really
phenomenal really phenomenal that lady
sure can act since eight yes and say
it's great all right where am I going
here it shins
oh my god am I here my goal weight more
plants or plants or bands need more
pants great here I know there's Nina
black is a common title name did the
game just started I'm pretty early in
the game I'm only a few hours into the
game it didn't just start but this is
kind of all I've been doing this is kind
of I mean as far as I'm concerned this
is the majority of the game just because
this is all I've played so far there we
go
this is like a real secure location as
walls and shit so far I've just been
having to break into shanties so this
should be well it should be fun for you
guys you guys should enjoy this but I
don't know if I necessarily will okay
there's anybody hanging out over here
any boo berry
who
there's a guy
complete probably take him out and get
some Intel get some intel on the base I
in general I'm a big fan of gaining
Intel there's a light this bright guy
there all right scan all the men what's
the name of the game sneaky sneaky
or some supplies I can Nick
great and the murder after he tells me
the information I murdered him because
he really shouldn't have told me that
information I would have respected him
more had he not told me that and then
dumped his body in the gorge right just
like they taught me at school and then
come back here steal all the stuff see
if there's a cassette tape nope okay and
then we go murder that guy you failed
right that guy failed as a soldier as
far as I'm concerned
now this truck might notice that this
guy's gone I don't know I don't know if
they do I don't know if that's a thing
but you would think you'd be like where
is the meat to be also i saw another
dude over here
understand another dude
these dudes all over the place I guess
it was just as stack of tires
at this dude we want this dude
do
ooh diamond shine bright like a diamond
there's these diamonds you pick them up
it gives you money and shit nope big old
cannon oppo over there yes I have
discovered the joy of attaching balloons
to sheep it's really dumb and ridiculous
it's ridiculous that you get rewarded
for that like I can't believe that's an
actual objective like it helps the cause
if you send sheep up in balloons somehow
I don't quite understand how it helps
the cause but you know I'm not going to
complain because it's a lot of fun
oh I did forget about the diamond at the
other base Oh sartre bhimsen where were
you oh there's blueprints and we hide
your body I think I just gotta hide your
body over here you know who's gonna look
over there nobody thanks art I oh I know
mr. chai solids explained in game that a
wildlife NGO has contracted you to
rescue animals from like the locals or
something it'sit's explained but it's
still again it's ridiculous you're tying
animals to balloons and sending them
into the atmosphere and getting paid
handsomely for it there's a guy
do want to get up a little bit higher to
see it's around the bend here but
I do some guys kind of walking around
that I haven't who there's a there is
hope you should we tagged him
tag you
I know where the prisoners yet boo
there's a blueprint over the air and we
need to get that need to get that proof
oh no this guy over here has never seen
a horror movie before he's walking alone
by himself so start playing by the way
my knock for the first time worked look
at this look at this asshole getting
lured right over here
222222
do do do I know you know what rich has
never gone into detail on his dislike of
metal gear but I think it's all kind of
standard stuff like it's it's a series
that kind of differentiates itself on
its story and its story is nuts I think
he put it the best I've ever heard it
which is people mistake convolution for
for an intricate story and that's all it
is is convoluted I don't know if he's
ever gone into more detail than that but
it's just it's just about plot for rich
and you know rich really like stories
and games and he just can't you can't
handle this one
sneak
make sure no one who yep if there's a
guy sneaking up on us can I get him
gonna kill him no don't let him look see
me don't let him see me gotta go kill
him gonna go kill this guy he doesn't
even know it oh oh shit where's that
chief gone you coming up here now you're
not coming up here
are you coming up here no crap that guy
came and spoiled my plan I was being all
sneaky like can I get him over here
don't you hear that don't you hear that
you def asshole 15 meter range on knock
thank you thank you that's what I needed
to know
analysis complete analysis complete
specialists
this guy this guy's gonna get it
oh my god there's another guy just over
there these fuckers
fuckers you're showing up wherever the
fuck they want
I know I know they're on a routine
patrol I mean listen of course I could
get it that's the game i can get it I
just you know trying to be funny how
dare they ruined my plan to infiltrate
their base as I guess the joke that I'm
making okay
this the other specialists
okay this guy is going to be tricky this
guy is going to be super tricks unless I
can
to that other guy fall asleep
snake
steak you motherfucker
Oh process materials nice thank you for
your knowledge now I'm gonna dump your
body right down here should be fine you
know just out of everyone's direct sight
that's usually the
okay I assume this guy is gonna kind of
walk out of here and I should be able to
ambush him actually you know what i
shouldn't assume that I should hide I
should hide super hidden
ok
you know why do I murder everyone mostly
because I can just because I can order
to dump that other body just kind of
over here right did I already did that
body I just disappear and I yours there
you go be with your friend okay
dude
I saw a dude
there's another dude
No
ok
analysis complete
that's a diamond right there we got a
diamond confirmed for diamond shine
bright like a diamond shit
shits in this bush you know what doing
some planks don't worry about me
no rich is not joining in tonight which
is not joining in tonight he's good
I think he's actually playing the game
tonight and he just didn't want to have
to worry about it doing it on stream
I will see who we can lure over here
with a power outage
yeah here we go this guy this fucker
right here he's gonna check on it
nope
he might be the special so I don't want
to take him down maybe the specialist no
specialist to specialist is sleeping
like this specialist do you know rich
understands riches I through the
question is so you're saying rich had
performance anxiety no rich understands
that playing a game on stream and
playing it for realsies is very
different
I just lift him up with you sleeping
mine
I'm just shoot him in the face hey guy
guess what you're my specialist now
and I think I'm far enough away where no
one should hear you over here that guy
might but nope great
is it please print over there
I think then oh yeah that's now so the
blueprint in it so then we want to get
in there
good that'll lure him out
oh shit my bad my bad it's fine
everything's fine apparently
everything's fine I did not know that I
would crash through that window and
apparently he didn't see me so it didn't
matter and everything's fine
everything's fine don't worry about a
thing sandstorm this is great sandstorms
are great i can really go fuck some
people up now
oh come on
you know what last time there was a
sandstorm nobody saw me
last time there's a sandstorm nobody saw
me alright that's fine that's fine
yeah I might not have made it a bunch of
noise I don't know listen it doesn't
matter I'm here it's gonna be fine it's
gonna be fine these guys I don't know
what's going on
doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doot-doot all your lights are
off now
we'll find a cassette tape here
Oh
that's a good idea well hi people in the
dumpster do to do this guy 20 resources
oh yeah yeah there's the idea we've
probably said the next episode will be
about Metal Gear Solid 5 like that's
that's our plan at least as of right now
I don't have enough to talk about in the
game to do a full episode but oh come on
go in the dumpster can i'll get one guy
in the dumpster at a time oh it's lame
well in here go in the stairs there
you're taking a nap you are now taking a
nap
alright here's the other name of the
game is steal all the shit gotta steal
all the shit alright well now where am I
gone where the fuck am I going
why am I even here I'm here to free
someone a prisoner if I not gotten any
intel on like where the prisoner is
I don't think I have that's all right
okay jack is a murderer and a thief yes
I think there might only be a couple
guys left there's two there's okra
come here
oh crap that's two guys those two guys
not good not good
did I miss him he's in the back room
with the tape Thank You mr. Chasma
sloppy but I'll take it sloppy but I'll
take it oh crap or not all right fucked
up
or I need I need a better rifle
ok
there we go that tape
here's where I got the tape I don't see
no oh is he in here maybe
ah great oh crap
stay down didn't I shoot you damn it
didn't I murder you violently all right
I need to make sure the way is clear
here yeah it's fine all right
listen this is not what I call a
graceful mission but it got done oh crap
okay
my diamond great I spend a little more
time looking around shit and now it's
off to murder people why are you
oh it does matter I made it
I made it so everything's fine more
stuff
right now I'm looking to see if there's
any satellite dish is any big set like
not it's not these it's like little
satellite dishes that do communications
but no it's fine okay everything's fine
look at this thing I bet I could use
this thing I think I could oh no I don't
want a fault in it no no I just want to
use it
this might have been a dumb idea
I just wanted to see what it does can I
blow these things up you think I'd be
able to know well that probably wasn't a
smart idea all right let's go but maybe
I distracted him for a little bit sit
I like out there pick up getting out of
here
whoa everything's fine you guys don't
worry about me nothing don't worry about
nothing I made it out
doo-doo-doo-doo
yeah that did not go well but you know
what we got our objectives completed we
got some extra scrap we got is that
that's a bear we should totally we
should we need to go get that bear we
need to go get that bear
oh crap oh no the makin o the bear got
me what did we learn I was trying to
fulton the bear i needed to stun him
first no no let's see whoa okay i made
it out of there at least I made it out
of the is that now is the bear still
here that's the question right oh I see
the bear
fall asleep bear fall asleep what you
have to do to get this fucking bear to
fall asleep
there we go you gotta hit that vary
quite a bit all right ready bye bear
cool yay we got the bear all right great
you just have to hit it with this shit
ton of darts hey there's my horse okay
there we go so we beat that mission
right we get to
great we did that
an epic battle yes truly the most epic
of battles but I got that fucking bear
you won't even you don't even know all
right we're gonna head back to base and
boost morale for a little bit now beat
that mission god we nailed that mission
that mission was technically a success
technically mine is this Sam still
offline
that's weird yes i will take a shower
don't go back to the base this is dambe
there I know I know but you know they're
all skilled warriors i'm gonna go ahead
and assume they can take care of a bear
i will take a shower i'll clean myself
up look how Pequod yep waiting for the
chopper there's this java get to the jab
you jab are great technically a success
is never frazee once a year yes I know
captain to pick but yes mr. shy smile I
know I know that if you click down on
the right thumbstick you switch which is
shoulder you are aiming with
is there a set in this game that even
smells like a I don't quite understand
that question that bear got us five
thousand dollars by the way five
thousand dollars for that bear see rank
see ya not my best mission not the worst
no we're so far it's been my worst
actually but I'll take it I hate this I
hate the like episodes like a TV show at
the beginning and end of every chapter i
hate it i think it's i think it's awful
and i think it's dumb
bionic arm upgrade yes I'm not skipping
I'm not I'm trying I'm trying not to
skip cutscenes do you like this game so
far I'm sixty percent like I'm I think
it's fine you know it's fine game I
don't I find nothing to be very special
about it and I find nothing to be
offensive about it so far but I mean I'm
not far in yet so that's my oh that's my
that's my big let's mosey look I'm only
five percent overall completion that's
how far in I am to the game so it's hard
to make a it's hard to make a judgment
when you're only five percent in a game
we should probably build another well
wait till once built first um returned
to mother base here it is not beaming
the only landing zone i can select it's
fine okay yes i do like the code name
for the new recruits every time you get
a new recruit it kind of randomly
generates an adjective and an animal and
that's really funny have I listened to
any of the important tapes yet no no
because I don't generally do that kind
of stuff I've not listened to any of the
briefing tapes I've now listen to
anything anything tapes also can we talk
about in this game which apparently was
a big deal that Kiefer Sutherland does
the voice for snake but so far I've
heard him say exactly eight lines in the
entirety of the game so far and I've
been playing for several hours
and it's to the point where everyone
else talks except for snake so you just
know they couldn't afford Keith Kiefer
Sutherland for that long and it's really
annoying how much everyone else talks
queefer queefer Sutherland Kiefer
keither keeper keither it's very
annoying there's a long time Oh we'll
look my puppy my puppy is here
I'm going to sneak up to my puppy come
here puppy come here puppy all you're my
papi you're my puppy on my puppy you're
my puppy you're my puppy my puppy do you
do my soldiers still respect me if I do
this you're my puppy or my puppy you're
my oh sorry this is what you do you
stand in front of people and they say
boss and their morale increases fucking
right it does come on pups let's go look
at this I'm going to walk up to this guy
oh really boom increase that morale
starting to get crowded around here you
dumb mother fucker how dare you talk to
me this is the shower sure I got time to
train with you done I like that is that
good did you enjoy that how about that
is that good training
dizzy he said thanks for that boss now
I'm gonna go play with my puppy hey hey
come here pup come here pup you're my
puppy you're my puppy or my puppy you're
my puppy you're my puppy you're my puppy
your ma puppy you're the real diamond
dog use my belly for warmth suckle
suckle from me I'm Your Mother come here
you're my puppy you're my puppy so
anyway I'll stop playing with my dog now
so that's all you do I don't you know
this is what you do in the base is you
just meet people and they say sir and I
boost morale so that's great that's all
I do is I just kind of walk around and
look for people like here's a dude there
you go I already said hi to him
apparently all right I already said I to
him I don't think there's anybody up
here this is dumb yeah this is rude this
is the dumb part of the game all you do
in this base so far I can only assume
because of the ability to walk someplace
I can only assume that there's more to
do here later or that there's like
eventually this base is attacked that's
what I can only imagine because there's
so many platforms did you hear that guys
I'd said thanks for saving that cute
little puppy get out of here can't out
of here so how many of the sniper set
beers if you had a couple we're going to
open one more but it won't be one of
those I also have some
how about developing something how about
I develop your ass dickhead I've been
developed I've been developing shit wait
what am I developing 12 more minutes and
you get a new platform twelve minutes
and it's done use of a bitch a command
platform ok let's take a look at what
these do did you say that again stop it
I can you believe this guy can you
believe this asshole all right here we
go mother base
we can develop a lot of stuff now ooh a
new Fulton who a cargo fold an added
function of gun and poo actually that's
a really great idea we want that
crazy yeah I want that Fulton that's a
good one there I developed something you
dickhead you see a kid I do I want to
steal like their mortars and shit I
wanted that Fulton let's see her added
function for prosthetic arm and it
reflex mode duration in May that my
puppy what do you guys doing to my puppy
I don't care about any of these guns
they're not as good as the guns i
already have golden tiger jack has life
what oh it's fine no it's fine I'm you
know this is just the game this is the
weird way that they break up the game
all right you know what you're not going
to get beat because you said what you
need not what you know not what I should
do yes see they asked questions and
that's fine that other guy was just like
why don't you do something why don't you
build something he was a dickhead there
we go
what the fuck are these guys talking
about okay great
it's weird that the puppies here hi
puppy puppy goes okay great this is this
is insanity what's happening right now
this is the weird part of the game that
makes me not like it okay let's see who
admission no you know let's let's make
sure we develop some shit this is the
game and if it's boring you know what
yeah it is sometimes ah i do you think i
need to get up and walk while I do this
holy oh my knees oh my knees are crash
it's important to stand up once every
couple of hours and it's been a couple
of hours see if we can upgrade to the
helicopter purpose tactical I look out
there the way I already have that don't
know faster deployment am I into it
Pizza train wants to know if am I in to
the game you know no but again I have
the game five percent completed at the
time I find sound a little weird I stood
up and I'm doing some stretches because
I've been sitting for two hours straight
how's it going boss a dick punch nice
beefcake no I'm not into it I'm not
necessarily into the world I would be
more into the world if more that weird
shit that happened in the opening
cutscene has been hat would have been
happening throughout the game but so far
it's been like just great up standard
military but again i am only 5% into the
game cardboard boxes yeah the cardboard
box joke we can be done with that now
alright let's do another mission rich is
playing the game tonight which is why
he's not around he wanted to get into
the game more today so wait hey i
actually have never used my cigar I
should use my cigar
this is my first time using my phantom
cigar great
you haven't even seen the Medicare which
is the time of the game right because
that was the title of the first game so
I did we built the thing now no six more
minutes all right let's find a new
mission let's find a new Asian what are
we doing let's do the next where do the
be sleep recover the US military's new
weapon code name honey be sure oh that's
right you can't just choose a thing
anymore you need to you need to get
picked up in your helicopter first that
room okay he takes an hour to smoke one
ISA gar oh oh crap can you guys hear how
loud that is my earbud just pumped out
of my ear he has an e cigar
I know you huebner I forgot because
that's bigoted for your first couple of
missions you just take your missions you
don't need to call the helicopter first
so I'm still in that mode hold on my
cords they're getting all tangled okay
here we go
we get it you babe yeah I think um game
theorists did an episode on whether or
not he was getting high and the
consensus is yes snake gets high and
that's how he makes time travel faster
it's an e blunt it's not just a blonde
it's an e blunt
enemies are since nearby oh ok
right
all right now we can select the mission
where do the bees sleep
then I do all the other side missions I
guess I can i will do a whole domain
will do a story mission way into the
bees sleep he's smoking absinthe that's
true that is actually true great great
I think
I don't think oh wait no no I get any I
want my other Fulton
oh ok it's upgraded already great
can be used to attract small cargo such
as machine-gun emplacements mortars and
additional personnel on animals great
all right let's go on go at night put on
some camel I've came on you know before
i start i should take them and i have
not thanked subscribers yet so i'm gonna
as soon as i land well you know what
i'll do it all of the way because it's a
goes well sir clench e bother about
Lucky Strikes red leader 91 left over
beefcake John kilo three split split
spin asst rich reads Stardust Umberto
Cabbage Patch cash a 22 smelter wedge in
all of us hair got to know no fear mo
envy Justin Holman cam flukes we very
much appreciate it buttermilk biscuits
ray I it cure riot crew Ryan you know
you know you are my turds are green and
my name is Tate thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do know in it's nothing oh I'm
sorry no fear no Envy on beefcakes at
which watcher thing it looked like no
fear mo envy that's you know what one
one thing we might like leftover beef
cake on the twitch chat subscriber water
which we love of course is an option to
change the font size because I often
we can read it because rich has terrible
eyes and I obviously observable eyes and
so anyway oh no the game isn't loading I
forgot to hit X sorry right right so the
ability to change the text would be
wonderful but still we love we love your
the twitch chat lottery made for us
Optimus no we are not going to play
anymore King's Quest three that was a
really bad time that was a really bad
time that was not a fun game
okay this mission is great it says jux
texts we'll see
I am I so far away from the target area
nope that's certainly not what I wanted
to do there we go
okay the rd platform got updated so now
we can update another one there we go
okay platform construction underway
according to i think john kilo you were
saying do I have another fulton upgrade
to buy second news balloon can also be
used on animals it's just an upgrade to
oh I can I could have more of them sure
why not let's get out of the way okay
okay let's just take a look here make
sure no not that one this one not that
face get out here where's my Supply Drop
why am I so fucking far away from the
drum from the emission zone where is it
hope there's oh great
okay great now I have more Fulton's
let's ride I guess where am I going how
the fuck am i this far away
shit shit
we're going over the mountain come on
horse you can make it you can make it
you can make it go go horse go cannot
worse not make it up there god damn it
you need to fold the better chopper
pilot apparently no this was the only
extraction point that was near so fuck
it we're riding the horse I don't know
if you can drop napalm in this game that
is a good question or a terrible
question depending
okay I get around this stupid fucking
mom
whoa ooh Charles boozin says just play
the most exciting rocket League match
went into overtime for like ten minutes
that's the best i love the low scoring
matches in rocket League where everyone
is just on point all game we're going to
love those matches rocket League is is
just the best game everyone knows this
everyone agrees on this there's no
controversy in rocket League except for
riches riches feelings on love and love
lost and all that but that's fine but
that's fine come on movie a horse
what oh this is why I was dropped off
here I needed to go into this base first
apparently whoa
well then why not make this the
objective like if you have to go to this
base first so what'd you do to honey bee
alright let's see who's at his base oh
here we go here we go
listening to cut scene listening to guy
scene
I share they're gonna kill
complete
ok
complete analysis complete probably have
to go safe in so we should probably do
that we jumping down cliffs doo doo doo
doo
ok
do something Jack I know hey the Rising
Sun I never said this was going to be
exciting tonight I just said we were
playing metal gear and sometimes that
means sitting for long periods
my plan is to go in guns blazing just
because literally I don't have any other
plan I have a sniper rifle like I guess
I could pick off some people what's over
here oh all of those set of stairs who
they're leaving I think that might be a
bad thing well they're going that way
that's fine that's fine everything's
fine
analysis complete
ok
not because the other guys are having a
conversation I can't hear what this guy
says so I'm going to kill
that's fine
hey Ken its here thanks for catching the
show

[Part III]
your things we're catching the show oh
no there's still plenty of cutscenes
don't worry don't ever worry about a
lack of cutscenes in a Metal Gear game
but there's also tapes and it's just you
know snake never does any of the talking
anymore because I can't afford Kiefer
Sutherland for that long
what are you waiting for nothing kill ya
why why am i executing people why not
their enemies
you guys don't kill everyone when you're
playing why not execute them all they're
the enemies they would kill you if they
had the chance that's how I want to play
it as if I was snake and I was
infiltrating an enemy base
I would leave no one alive anyone who
saw me would not be left alive and these
people obviously saw me because you know
I'm interrogating them I don't want
anyone reporting back to their superiors
oh I think he might have been American
he was you know like he was this tall
because he you know they would get a
profile on me no no none of that
come over here already come over here
before your friend does
I'm such a meanie you need them for your
base I've already my base is overloaded
right now with dudes I have so many
dudes that it is it's overflowing its
the manhole up in my--in up in mother
base
yeah you want me to how about this I'll
take this dude this too looks like they
dude here get out of here you're my dude
now dude
ooh there's a diamond over here dudes my
dude there's a diamond over here
somewhere over here
aha diamond thank you
Yonkers radio got nothing all right on
to the mission this dude probably can't
hit him from here
I should have the lights again oh oh
here's a dude who we use a couple dudes
ooh that first dude has got some skills
we want him we want em it's true right
listen to shadow will you guys you want
me to fail if I fail and you guys have
more fun
like this like for example oh my god
how did that not spook this guy okay
this guy we want though he has some
skills we want him get him into the into
the open and open his ass out of here
who and I can also Fulton these things
now I don't know what good that does me
but I guess just just takes their gun
away now this guy this guy is useless
and I'm gonna kill him you know why cuz
he's a useless and really this is the
moral of the story is if you're in any
sort of military any sort of
organization make sure that you're
important enough to be captured and not
killed
this guy's useless he you know what he
goes he goes on the pile of bodies right
on the pile of bodies cuz I don't care
about him helps defend your base oh okay
well then shit I need ammo folding some
more weapons there's a mortar what some
mortars
some humans are useless that's just
that's the sad truth or just the truth
you know if you find it sad
I don't can I take these crates I can't
Fulton the crazy yet and when I get my
next fold an upgrade I'm gonna start
stealing these motherfucking crates
they're everywhere and I just want to
take them how important is this guy
whoo shine bright like a diamond you
might know sandstorm
see this guy kind of worthless but he's
got some engineering skills so we'll
take him first we're gonna get some
Intel out of a cassette tape a cassette
tape that's what you got for me
you're lucky you have that little thing
in engineering where's the cassette tape
guys come on a cassette tape there's a
cassette tape in there good wait for the
storm to pass pass
there's only one guy left look at him
he's nothing badass all right there I
don't know here we go all right wait for
the storm to pass wait till folds out a
hundred percent good my shit
shit
you know what I'm gonna kill him because
he shot at me what I'm gonna do but now
all I want is that mixtape where's that
mixtape where's that mixtape is it in
here there's a cassette in here
somewhere
the cassette
there it is got it all right I'm out I
had to get that cassette though I had to
get that cassette now I'm out I'm gonna
get him I'm gonna call him get over here
and call my horse my horse will come to
me don't worry no the guys over here
what who you saw me this guy just saw me
from way over there
oh he's gonna he's gonna just fuckin die
then I'm sorry dude
oh there's another guy
shit
so did you say prepare for mortar
strikes I think you did get out of here
shit
there we go son of a bitch mortar dammit
yeah bit of a sniper fail I got him
eventually getting out of here here's my
plan I'm gonna hide this is my this is
my real plan gonna hide hide here in the
grass wait for shit to settle the fuck
down
I'm gonna call my horse me and my horse
gonna get out of here Epona he pulling
on me we're gonna fucking fly this is
always the plan it's just getting get
low gun I go steal that gun
nobody's there now I guess I could just
go steals to shit nobody's there
hide in the box I don't want to hide in
the box what's in the box I'm just gonna
go I'm just gonna go when they shot me I
could have damaged my mixtape oh man if
they damaged my mixtape I'm gonna be so
fucking pissed
it'll be fine I'm just go over here I'm
gonna steal some of my weapons and I've
plenty oh yeah look at there's like that
medal that's some shit common metal oh
there's some shit over here I'm gonna
steal this gun this gun right here
that's mine my gun my gun
get up
what
motherfuck look at how terrible I am at
this game k-dubb snake yeah you got
nothing
Louise got something well fold new away
okay now we're gonna call my horse my
horse is gonna come look right there
that's a great horse all right now we're
gonna get it we're gonna get right out
of Dodge right the fuck out of Dodge
we're gonna get off the main road up
here looks like a nice a nice area no
that looks like a mountain II fuck all
area
oh is that what that does what was that
so that was that pinging read all that
there's something pinged read my
favorite fury road character is Furioso
of course she was great she made that
movie you know the character with the
motivation in the drive for the movie
come on horse
okay I do I also like furiosa because
we're both bald and I can empathize with
with baldness okay well here we go here
we go
everybody everybody be cool hey would it
be cool we're here we are here we are
close or in the danger zone now
you don't see shit get out of here
is there a helicopter over here
what the fuck
I think shit is getting real guys I'm
gonna go out on a limb here say that
shit is getting abso-fucking-lutely real
now getting this tall grass over here
are they gonna shoot my horse be real
with me guys are they're gonna shoot my
horse
this is just me sneaking it out in the
tall grass
yeah and back over there fault in the
helicopter right that would be great if
I could do that okay helicopter gone
coming back around sneaking in looking
for dudes
this fucker
when I shoot him right in his fucking
head
you don't see shit
get out of here
I'm taking the path of the most
resistance possibly this is the only
path I have at the moment oh that guy's
got some good stats he's got it well
he's got a D in something at this moment
I will take a D that's how desperate I
am
possibly uh possibly on like two dudes
yeah that's not too bad
take two dudes this guy this guy can go
up there
that fucking helicopter came back there
was a valley to the left that you could
have rode your horse through our top
beat oh well there you go
yes yeah look after just a friendly
helicopter
I'm running out of bushy I'm running out
of Bush is my problem right now I'm not
a bush to hide in what's this guy gonna
do
this is not gonna turn out well
that guy didn't see me now that guy
didn't see me that's fine
come on
and gotcha
what the mission um I don't know what
the mission is who's this specialist was
he the specialist oh that's the
specialist oh this is the specialist
here which is nice
I'm totally gonna grab him
oh don't you dare fucking shoot my horse
oh come on
I was definitely close enough shit then
I put him down put him down put him down
this helicopter doesn't see shit
helicopter does not see shit look at me
I'm hidden I'm way up in the grass
nothing there's just nothing over here I
don't even know why this helicopters
over here
okay which one was a good one again
this one
great
great the helicopter sees the horse no
no that's there or is it's time probably
don't need another I mean I might as
well kill him because I've killed
everybody else right it's just one of
those like do a complete job right dude
okay off we go
to do to do
get out of here before the helicopter
comes back
che fucking outpost
Oh
helicopters really close okay oh then I
just kill the specialist I might have
whatever
like I would say we got enough dudes
crap
there we go
okay hi hi how deep are we into the game
I kind of deep we're a few hours we're a
few hours into the game
you know nothing before the last couple
missions I think I was at like five
percent complete completion of the game
so none we were no we're now we're
terribly far into the game but we're far
enough jack dude you shot him in the
neck I know I know my you know what the
the sniper rifle the site I'm not used
to the I'm not used to like the top of
the triangle site I'm more used to kind
of spot sites or iron tights and so it
just takes a little gets easy two hours
is five percent of oh I have no idea I
mean I have no idea how long the game is
how deep I'm into it and you know like a
couple hours for me I'm a really slow
gamer I've been doing the side missions
I kind of notoriously take a long time
to play games
yeah glad I went up here you know I got
the diamond shine bright like a diamond
it is getting to be daylight now though
and I don't like that so actually what I
think I'm gonna do I think I'm gonna do
bit up we're just gonna hang out up here
we're gonna hang out up here on this
crevasse and smoke a doob where's my
dude all right light it up am I still
playing blood-borne know I beat Bell
born I I've discovered afterwards that I
did I beat it in kind of the the non
good ending way it might at the ending
that I beat blood-borne in was the
accept death ending which you know kind
of is how I wanted to end it but alright
I do get up so now it's nighttime again
oh now there's a guy up there
well
shit this guy this guy's probably gonna
see me I jumped the gun here
I totally jumped the gun well I'm kind
of in the grass he might not see me he
might not see you let's hope he doesn't
see me I jumped the D
shit
it's fine
Oh blueprints
okay and now we're gonna take your body
and hide it up here cuz that seems like
a good place there nobody look up there
now this guy I think is gonna be a
little harder to sneak around realistic
next-gen and I write you know some of it
has to be forgiven it's it's very funny
in a game because of course the game
knows where you are and the game has to
tell the other part of the game that
knows where you are
that it can't see you so we're not gonna
blame it too hard and that's gotta be
tough that's gotta be tough when I think
AI is bad in a game do you think it's
because programmers are lazy or that
designers think their audience is stupid
um a little bit of neither a little bit
of both if that is a fair answer I think
that when people program a game they
become really into the game and
and I think when you write a game and
you play a game you're playing it as the
person who wrote it and so being
objective about like what is fair and
what it's balance has got to be
incredibly hard which is why play
testing is so important but I think it's
it's just not being able to account for
every single different person playing a
game because you can't you can't account
for every the way everybody's going to
handle a situation
that's getting a little annoying I think
I can turn the idroid off but sometimes
it tells me useful information so in
general I like it on but it's getting a
legal annoying analysis completed
there's another one oh that guy's got
some good stats oh and I can turn night
vision on I don't think that'll really
help me here yeah that's a little line
but it's over now okay nope one more
okay oh my god
just more dudes more dudes so this is a
fun area so we have to get to this guy
and balloon him out this is gonna be
interesting
this is gonna be interesting right here
no I did not play Ground zeroes so I
don't know I think that was like the
prequel to this right because in this
game you wake up having been in a coma
for a while and so I think in ground
zeroes is the thing that puts you in a
coma
I do not know though because I did not
play it black Karen
fucking helicopter
wait he said helicopter coming here no
okay something
okay okay so what is happening over here
just too much shit I wanna I want to be
able to climb up over here but I know I
can't there's just so much shit I want
to start taking out guys but they're
just everywhere I'm gonna try to sneak
my way over this way sneak sneak
snake shit that's one guy coming closer
and gotta hide a little bit
okay I'm being sneaky I'm trying to be
sneaky I don't think it's necessarily
working well it's working for now those
guys are going that way that's great
by a big light but that's fine that's
fine
oh shut up am I gonna get super lucky
here oh yeah you can steal posters oh my
god I'm gonna get super lucky
everybody's eyesight is fuck during the
sandstorm but it could end at any moment
analysis complete
shit shit shit
someone think they saw me can I go where
can I go where can I go kind of boned
cuz I don't really know where I'm going
okay here we go it's fine it's fine it's
fine nobody saw me
nobody's over here this guy that we can
take care of this guy
I can't fucking sleeping
when I lure him over here but
I got this fuck just stand-in there
here we go there we go
now when he goes back I might be able to
grab them turn around
alright here we go
everything's fine
now we can go back to crawling I got a
clear shot I got a clear shot
maybe fucks
sorry it gets really it gets really
quiet and when I start concentrating
this guy nope nope nobody heard you
nobody heard you shhh
nobody heard you nobody heard you come
over here you're gonna die you need to
be okay with time come over here
there you go
hey go everything's gonna be fine
everything's gonna be fine when you're
dead
shit shit shit what are you doing what
are you doing why are you coming over
here fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck I'm
cutting the cord I'm cutting the cord
I've gotta go I can't believe I gotta go
away from that guy oh yeah I'm not gonna
hurt you I'm not gonna hurt you just let
it happen just let it happen okay here
we go here we go here we go
no he's not going to check the lights
look he's looking at that poster these
posters you can collect those these
posters right here for for money come on
move already do it I can lure him
no I'm gonna kill you oh wait no he
can't discover the dead body there we go
I remembered to use a tranquilizer just
let it happen here this is a much better
place to store my dead bodies
you two come over you come way over here
okay great
everything's fine okay
so now we should be able to maneuver a
little bit better crawl over here
everything's fine everything's fine
over here everything's fine you can't
tell what's happening crawling oh my god
it's midnight okay Jack I'm sorry I like
this game don't hate it or think less of
no you know what's so like come axion so
far I feel very fine about the game
everything about this game is fine I
have no strong positive or negative
feelings and more so if you really like
it that's all that matters it doesn't
other people's opinions does not matter
but you know so far I think it's fine
I'd like a little more crazy in fact I
was expecting a lot more crazy with this
game oh ok apparently we're standing now
I did not press the stand button where's
everybody I'm sure there's some people
around here where is my dude where did
they take my dude
removing him
shit dad takes you long that it takes me
long to get my dude Summa bitch
this feels like a creepy thing it feels
like some creepy stuff is gonna happen
now we got some weird are they going
I either took too long or this is it
this is a scripted thing here and I
think this is a scripted thing here oh
my god that guy didn't see me can you
believe that that guy didn't see me
that was lucky that was incredibly
incredibly lucky that that guy did not
see me I can't even believe how lucky I
am that was bullshit that guy really
should have seen me wait there was a
diamond T or something that was utterly
utterly bullshit that that guy did not
see me
I want to steal their stuff I'm just too
good no I don't believe that at all I
believe that that was a broken part of
the game but that's fine we're gonna be
fine with that shit gotta hide you
before your friend comes back oh and
your friend is coming back you ever go
over here in the bush
shit
yeah okay hey go down there that's fine
yeah that's fine
okay here we go Oh another diamond
that's gonna be helpful shine bright
like a diamond shine bright like Rihanna
all right here we go dudes all over the
place just like I like it I mostly don't
know where I'm going but I figured you
guys know that already like I just came
from there whoo diamond
diamond Oh lots of diamonds
okay okay okay I think I need to stand
up in a little bit again what is that
guy doing there guys just standing there
there's diamonds though I gotta go get
those diamonds I know there's guys
everywhere but it's like my bass fuckin
runs on diamonds were the fucking
Diamond Dogs you know you know we're the
Diamond Dogs your back is gonna hurt
after this vision my back hurts now I've
been leaning forward okay where is that
guy he freaks me out it freaks me out
that I don't know where that guy is what
the fuck right here we go breathe air
room
yeah I know
oh there's a guy there's a guy
what
the prisoner has died is that does that
mean it fucked up
Oh
I think I think that I slightly fail I
might have slightly failed
shit-shit heard me he heard me okay it's
one of these guys these guys have the
honeybee
really really this is what's happening
there we are
okay I'm okay I got the honeybee I got
the honeybee that's all I matters oh
fuck so mission not a total failure oh
my god the honeybee is a rocket launcher
that's awesome you are not to use the
rocket launcher well I mean come on
what's over here this looks like a
secret e area you are not to use the
honeybee get out of town
you're not to use the honeybee right
where's the mixtape where's my mixtape I
got to get out of here
wait what was that there's a thing I saw
over here Shh it's like a maze I gotta
get out of here
nope
it is creepiest fun yeah what is that
what does that mean
she's a gun that's fine whatever you
know what it's fine okay we got to get
out of here
I got my pistol I'm gonna try going down
this jack is getting yeah I'm getting
it's you know what it's getting a little
creepy in here but I think it's supposed
to be alright try going down this and
exit yeah I feel like something spooky
is gonna happen is that a thing
do spookiness happen because that's what
it feels like right now is like I'm
going to spookiness
he told me not to use the honeybee I'm
not gonna use the honeybee
this feels exactly like where the ghosts
attacked
a ghost bear the the ghost of the bear
that I captured is gonna attack that you
know that would be something Oh yep
there it is
okay okay I am now in ghost
I'm now in cutscene
okay
oh it's that girl
it's Psycho Mantis
Oh what what that's a boy
that's a girl it looks like a girl that
was very spooky
that was very spooky and now we are in
the grips of a thing
oh is that little psycho mantis whatever
you look well-rested big balls
how you became a demon
well I'm sure you'll see the bigger
picture what
rest in peace this time
why so who is that and why is he wearing
a lone ranger mask these are the
questions
what
of those things again we've seen those
things before I don't necessarily know
how to fight him
you're right I did ask for crazy well
shit
running now running now
No
get up
okay get up snake
okay all right
it took me a while to you so you have to
UM get to the Java I know so you have to
kind of lock on to them using the r1 oh
no
I don't know it just happened goddamnit
what I liked the original Metal Gear
salad call your horse and get the hell
out of there yeah that's not very
satisfying just to run away but I its
how switching weapons is difficult I
feel like switching weapons is difficult
but let's know
nope
okay
yeah shit shit shit how do I get out of
here okay come on jump jump move your
horse move run away
run
I don't much care for that was I
supposed to run away or was I supposed
to fight them this is the question was I
supposed to run her was I supposed to
fight because running worked running was
very effective obviously but I feel like
running was not very satisfying
poop game is poopy you know you were
supposed to run or fight right because
fighting didn't seem to work you didn't
seem to do anything it's this is wildly
unclear and very frustrating to watch
it's a little frustrating to play I'm
shooting down the chopper where's it oh
fuck
you're going the wrong way mr. Schine
all you ever think about that you're
going the wrong way you know I made the
skulls yeah you killed the shit out of
them congratulations I'm great I'm glad
that you did I couldn't get my weapon
switch fast enough and I couldn't shoot
them in time I don't know
I don't know
brain
I ran to thank schematics see ya know I
just don't know if I quite understand
what's happening again don't know if I
quite get it
or if I'm supposed to
you know
I suppose in twitchplayspokemon I just
you know like I'm not proficient in
weapon switching yet and I felt like I
needed to switch really fast and it's
very it's very clunky and I'm just not I
don't know it's stuff like that where
I'm not quite feeling it where you know
I've spent the first 10 hours just
fighting the same base again over and
over again right
and then all of a sudden it's like ah
scary dudes you know and a rocket
launcher you so yeah I suck again which
is fine I don't know did not much care
for that I mean the sneaking in was fun
obviously but I know you tap the d-pad
for for quick switching but then you
have to tap that you have to hold the
d-pad and then press which weapon you
want and it didn't seem to I didn't I
didn't seem to get it is I guess what
I'm saying yeah I'm gonna go play with
my puppy that's pretty much what's gonna
happen
on these stupid credits is Jack drunk a
little bit probably
the game was the game you know there was
a lot of people yelling at me there was
a lot of chaos which I'm sure was part
of the theming
we're getting some Kiefer Sutherland
dialogue
oh that's it ten ten lines of dialogue
so far
another yeah pretty much you know I just
don't I just don't quite I'm not I'm not
quite sold yet the game you know I you
know I I don't what's basically
happening here is me trying very hard to
keep playing the game you know this is
not a game that I would normally pick up
you know being so story focused but but
here I am and I'm trying to give it a
fair shake oh there's my papi
Oh puppy Oh
Puppis do make everything better
alright go raise some morale over here
hi dude
great yeah morels raised all right go
take a quick shower shower it up yes I
will you know what I will experiment
with tapping the d-pad you can't really
have weapons in here so it doesn't it
doesn't really help
all right here's dude sure I go
yeah I don't know it's it's it feels a
little here's a little clunky box I walk
around my box for a little bit don't
mind me I'm in a box what Jeep don't
mind me I'm in a box depressants are
kicking it yeah it's yeah I
so far the that's right
you listen you don't tell me what the
fuck to do that's rule number one there
you know I feel like this is a series
that has now become so self-contained
that they don't care about new people
anymore and I think if you're a fan of
metal gear you're gonna like this and if
you're not a fan of metal here you're
not gonna like this that's no no no
mother base wait did I say hi to this
dude yet shut your hole 39 minutes
dickhead
alright alright so yeah I you know I
think if if you've liked all the other
Metal Gear games this you'll like this
and and if you're like me who's never
really got into and past the first one
oh look at that it's building our new
convinced center so that's not ever game
though like there I think there are some
games that handle inclusion better I
think I think you can handle you know
what's what's Stan Lee's comic book role
you know imagine that any comic is
someone's first comic any comic book can
be someone's first comic but anyway it
doesn't matter this is it for today I'm
still giving it a good clean shake I'm
gonna try to keep playing keep giving it
a clean shake but just no more tonight
because I'm getting tired so let's see
if we have any new subscribers we have
Alvin Foxx and Whitin Lord Belmont and
then Kate thank you for subscribing we
really do appreciate it and that is the
stream pretend that's a metal gear we'll
see him I'm gonna keep playing it we're
gonna see if it gets any better but
thank you guys so much for coming out
thank you to the new subscribers thank
you to the old subscribers and thank you
to everyone else so peace out home
skillets
