Oct 18, 2015
Steam Controller unboxing
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/23921725
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/23922705
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/23924078
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/23925081
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snyVHZIPOd4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kusvfkD_k1s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7u0e8fcIPU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=py-LhrTtY5E
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/655831328915591168

[Part I]
what is this this is PewDiePie this is
PewDiePie is unprecedent rich we are two
minutes away we have 9 million
subscribers 9 million subscribers sweet
did you oh did you start up the what
yeah great
Sean Sean Blank you got some dashes in
there some munchies guys thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we really do
we're so there's a lot of us right now
yeah there's a lot of us right now
because some special goings and awnings
special goings awnings is the the thing
that I wanted to do is I got our steam
controlers in yeah but I have not let
rich I have his yet not touch the dam he
has not even seen it it is still in the
shipping package I've seen pictures
online she looks like a pretty good idea
what it looks like I'm sure you know
what it looks like but I wanted
everything of from you of your reaction
from the controller to be fresh oh we
gonna we gonna spend like 15 minutes
looking for a way to get the packaging
open I brought my you got a knife I have
a knife with me at all times
oh you know you weren't thinking with
comedy you were thinking with logic not
comedy exactly that's terrible because I
was like I got my knife that's true the
old prereq did spend half just been
working on audio levels now that now
that you know after over a year of
streaming we finally got the audio level
thing figured out the most part you say
that here's the plan tonight first we're
gonna unbox the controller then I want
to try the controller with a series of
different types of games hmm so it was
we couldn't really didn't have enough
time to do it we didn't feel like
bothering checking the audio on like
four different games right so there
might be issues with the audio yeah once
the game starts I don't know I don't
know I don't know okay rich are you
writing I've been ready for the last
week are you really got it on Friday
oh my God look at it oh it's beautiful
packaging here it is okay
use your steam control I brought mine
too now this thing that has butter was
built into the the touch pants - I
understand yeah yeah it's all it's it's
like a little ps4 it now you know it's
it's it's more it feels more like like
an Xbox 360 controller but it's
different in some ways the box is very
pretty and once you take a package off
like this little valve logo this is my
my box on the corner of the box is very
nice do you need a knife because I have
a knife fuck it fuck it wasn't meant to
be nice sometimes sometimes the
packaging makes it real my pants yeah
okay okay and then the buttons no this
shit here
I got a feeling this all gonna be
vestigial I remember the steel because
all the console people complained when
they first saw the original version of
it you know I don't get it
you need buttons I think you need
buttons okay this one we won we actually
where the plant is to do an episode on
this thing yes they've used a record an
episode and I'm excited because me and
Jack are coming at this from two
entirely different places I am a
keyboard and mouse guide and I'm looking
forward to getting away from this and
I'm very excited about these so Jack the
opposite your your console person you
like the controller I do I'm very
interested in what you have this
disabled and how our pad backgrounds are
gonna color things and I like I think
that this this episode is exactly what
prereq was made for like I've been
playing a little bit you can actually
see I have like an abrasion on my thumb
it has like 1012 hours in I've been
picking up tf2 again just because it's a
first-person shooter that I really know
I know very well so here here's kind of
the basics but the one something
interesting of note so it has triggers
and has shoulder buttons but then it
also has these big buttons here on the
back so here's what's going on here this
big yeah which is where our batteries
are gonna go and it uses double a
motherfucking batteries and so I have
maybe 10 hours of playtime
yeah and I'm almost out of batteries
here sure thing 10 hours and out of
batteries can you play it just from the
power with the USB cord I don't know and
secondly you can buy rechargeable
double-a batteries it should be built in
its rechargeable battery rebuilt here's
the problem we built in yeah we're
chargeable batteries don't last forever
I know this because I used to buy a
rechargeable batteries you wear them out
yeah and it happens faster than you
think and then your controllers a $50
hunk of plastic that does nothing not
sure the ability to change batteries
especially cuz you can just buy your own
rechargeable and put them in there I
think that's actually a benefit I I just
I'm gonna say that's a benefit because
your controllers not dealing with
planned obsolescence there and the chat
is saying you can also plug the
controller in with us yeah that's all
you need though this picture on how you
put the batteries in
not very helpful what the fuck side does
its there's a picture rich but the
pictures like tilted sideways you ask
well you cuz you have to go it you have
to go in an angle that's weird
I don't like that the picture was too
accurate for rich nice I just need to
know what side is the positive and which
side is the negative don't so then you
know show me a battery insert a ssin
flow chart it opens up in the batteries
kind of go going here and then when you
click it down it because these are
buttons it doesn't exactly click down
all the way which is very strange but
and then we have a dongle we have two
dongle ourselves thank you I'm assuming
there's a cord in here good hate you
just told me it hated you installing
device driver see like that yeah oh it
just says please run steam and big
picture mode there you go so it wasn't I
have no interest in big picture mode I
thought you had to i used my computer
like a regular computer yeah from like
the couch all the time and I have no
interested in being limited to fucking
around it's team and their big goofy
user interface that doesn't need to be
big and goofy just because I'm my couch
so the important question is how does
the controller feel does it feel solid
or does it feel cheap I first impression
again I've only had it I've only been
playing with it for like a day I think
it feels good it's light it's a lot
lighter than you would think it would
and I could see some people thinking
that's cheap but it feels solid I'm not
gonna break this thing the heaviness of
modern controllers just because of the
ridiculous Rumble things they put in
there mmm but no it feels it feels nice
it feels solid once you start playing
with it though there's some things I
can't wait for rich I can't wait for no
idea no idea so to turn it on you press
the you don't need anything
in here for the dongle which is
automatically to text it automatically
detects go ahead press your button well
oh my god a beep doing boo bleep Boop
and now you can use the trackpad as a
mouse if you want but what you can use
your your pad ISM I don't know what the
turn - I'm just closing this for
nocturnal with this alright does that
play big picture mode do I need to
question is do I need to you don't need
to but you can I've been doing it
because I I misread that and I thought
it said we have you have to go and put
oh you have to go into big picture mode
once to configure the controller for the
game so just go and big big I don't come
on big picture - I want to switch out
like to the desktop easily without
having to do the wood I got a mouse
thing update your firmware and dog I got
a fucking wireless mouse and I want to
be able to get the windows easily
I don't want steam to dominate my
computer sorry
yeah look how ugly this big picture shit
is it's it's not attractive it's not
it's not it does not look great I can't
I can't alt tab to youtube no but you
can just go to youtube you can go you
can use their in web browser I don't
think you're not allowed to dominate my
computer Stan alright great
your necessary DRM for my games that's
all you are Steve it's true that's true
but no it feels very nice the playing
with it playing with it is a little
weird where it's like you know I guess
I'm more used to holding my controllers
up like this and this one it's almost
like you have to shift where it lies in
your hand you know like a normal
controller kind of lies flat on your on
your on the ball of your hand right on
the ball of your palm and this one I
almost I almost feel like playing it
laying sideways like this I thought way
to see or your fingers are on these yeah
but that's like that's not necessary
this all is all the matters those those
yeah that's the thing that's the
thing and so how come I can't use this
too I have to use the owl on you have to
easy oh that's retarded you have to use
the I want to hold on I'm gonna turn
mine on - we beat a controller has been
detected and it's now ready how do we
get out of big picture mode hold down
the the valve button and return to
desktop okay
I just hate pizza now move around your
mouse using the touchpad Oh neat
do you feel that I don't hear you can
you guys hear this that's the haptic
feedback are you supposed to feel it or
hear it I don't know
isn't that weird isn't that weird that's
what that's the sound it makes
isn't that the strangest thing I think
you're supposed to feel the vibration or
something funky if you feel it when
you're playing yeah or just mental
because you're hearing alright stop so
just see how long huh there soon you get
adjust the sensitivity on this thing -
oh yeah and you have - alright okay so
okay so didn't make us smaller over here
yeah you guys we're not gonna be so big
in the picture anymore we're gonna start
playing we're gonna start playing portal
2 right all right kind of way just our
size again edit scene no no X out of
that edit scene anyway we go how big
should we pay check that looks good that
looked good sure looks looks huge
Lord smaller I guess we'll see once we
get a game going all right so we're
starting with the portal to portal 2 all
right mr. Josh mill yes we updated the
firmware for the controller we did L
bother yes we did the firmware update
everything's fine Oh suspense that was
that was you cutting together our dead
hyaline thank you I really like them
actually I liked how that looked more
than how I shot our first first four
hours of so I think I'm going to do this
I'm gonna do green screen and us like
this going forward whenever we shoot a
first four hours of because I liked the
way that cut together so and thank you
for that that was fun all right okay
so so now here's what you need to do
yeah
in order for this to work and now hit
hit the steam button yeah
oh you don't have steam overlay enabled
so get out it or just quit and don't
quit the earth yeah cuz I don't want I
don't want pop-ups coming on you got an
achievement and I don't give a shit
about any of that crap you need steam
overlay enabled can I disable the
achievement pop-ups sure I'm sure you I
don't want to say okay go to steam
settings where is it interface if only
we were a big picture boat I know it was
really important in game in game enable
the steam overlay oh oh it's already is
okay okay okay now go back into it oh
wait you're not in big picture mode
go into big picture mode you need big
picture jesus fucking christ
where's the obnoxious big picture button
it's gonna dominate my hat one it's like
computer next to that one there you go
it's not it's not that it's not look at
this is obnoxious and ugly it looks they
can't see it looks bad okay so now go
into the game where and this obnoxious
big picture mode do I click to go to a
game library it's not whether the game
is open somewhere it's about a portal to
go to play you can do this rich I
believe the game should already be long
oh my god okay so now hit the steam
button
this is that yours is Dean number one
controller now you probably have to quit
cuz you didn't start it and big picture
mode this is this is not it's not gonna
recognize it fuck you big picture mode I
hate you
yeah wait wait no no you see how easy is
it to get to like my desktop from the
shit it's right there you all tab man
oh that's obnoxious it's just gonna run
as you're like I hate it I hate it big
picture mode is obnoxious and I hate
that I have to use it for this you know
it's just it's a normal thing so it's a
terrible thing Jackson or its it's awful
it's it's kind of awful the self
interfering with with me okay go into
portal you can do this rich I believe in
you play the game play the game here we
go
it's a normal terrible thing either it's
you know it's fine it's better than the
this noise weird okay now hit the steam
button there we go and now go to
configure controller they give me these
sighs why does it want to use the analog
stick further than sorry I don't switch
that out right I don't know are there
like preset up in general things yeah
you can if you hit X and they're not
seeing any of this but if you hit X you
can so there you go
portal 2 standard controls portal 2 Sano
controls now head out why to save as a
shy I'd rather used the touchpad to move
around oh you would yes I would
oh ok save that for now forget you want
to use the touchpad to move around yeah
okay how do you in like is there a way
just to set it yeah so straight up most
emulation go to configure controller
okay well so you know this one the your
right one will move the camera and so
see where it says ping menu gesture so
hit a okay and now it's already set up
to be a generic Direction ban okay so
great so head back now okay and back it
back so now I hit the steam button and
now in options you can change what the
d-pad does
are you not doing anything
no no easier please you're interesting
no that's weird yep nah
hold on rich great
are you save I didn't do anything no I
don't think that's right oh we got a
problem we got a problem
looks like mouse the keyboard sure to
stay
hmm mouse and keyboard here to stay
do-do-do-do-do-do-do hold on
mouse and keyboards here to stay it will
never die it has been then way since
dude right and I know just wine who WETA
that's what their green screen look
there's like a little grainy uh-huh haze
around it yeah there is you've been
using this more than I have the song
this is all alien to me Jack right I'm
trying to figure it out and you can't
move it on it no button does anything
yeah yeah we're my green screen is being
funky I don't know why we had that setup
before
hmm
all right close the game restart steam
sure maybe maybe it's being weird about
the the update the firmware update maybe
wants to restart oh sure baby wants to
restart all right
I am when I when I'm I sometimes game I
do like dual monitor I'll have game on
one watching some kind of videos and the
other Netflix or YouTube or something
and if big pictures are making a hassle
to do that because big picture is a
front of pain in the ass yeah I'm gonna
be that inefficient to navigate I hate
it hate eject I'm very sorry
we're trying to fix our green screen
situation right I know you're that looks
better
all right great grand screen situation
fixed great and so now we go back into
steam okay let's go to steam yeah gonna
steam what it what I who did all right
boom
what should we go for the help menu and
big picture mode excuse me you know I
started to throw up I hate bee bee and
I'm right up to the gear baak the gear
it's not it's like you've never used a
controller I avoid it whenever I can
head over to controller okay great so it
does detects oh and I'll go to yours
yours has the full battery okay great
Oh press X in the fire button well while
powering it out it's already powered on
don't you start off what does it want
for me all right great yeah we're good
we're both here hey sure yeah
hey Beck everything's fine okay great
hey it detects both of our controllers
okay
okay do you know what no no I'll turn
mine off there you go you're turning it
what I turn it off
how do you turn it off we just hold the
steam mic on it yeah or go to the
gearbox I'm doing this yeah you do this
you do this okay it's gonna be fine it's
totally gonna be fine
I've been using it it did take me it
took me a long time to figure out how to
use it I was not using it you have to go
specifically you have to mess with the
controls in the in-game overlay you
can't mess with the controls in the
overlay that's underneath it's a hole
that's not stupid yeah all right here we
go
all right so was restarting what what
did you do I mean do we think crisp you
didn't stop working again it's not
working I know I do
it's completely stopped working wait Oh
what'd I do
I don't know what you did stop we're
both trying to do things and that's I
think that's the problem I also have two
dongles plugged in I wonder don't don't
all right let's go back you can't do it
do we need do we just need one dongle
try and plug in yours
see what happens okay you know unplug
your dongle okay
don't employ you start working I want to
like this Jack very much I would love to
have a a convenient keyboard and mouse
that's yeah easily portable that would
be nice
I am in favor of this thing good huh I'm
not yet convinced it's going to be good
and it seems like Wow
do you need to download
Oh No there you go oh the haptic feels
much better now
oh yeah now I actually feel it yeah
closing I'm closing the application I'm
closing portal yours is on ya okay hold
on hold on sorry everybody we are
worried this is part of the process
sorry pains he's not on all right add a
steam controller okay press and hold the
X button while powering on or steam
controller and to the validation code
okay great
okay so we we do only need one dongle
your steam controller appears to be
having some connection issues hit the
steam button for help
Oh what did that say I hit the steam
button and then you apparently didn't I
didn't I didn't hit anything oh there we
go and share your great performance uh
the trees please connect the controller
wireless receiver so it's excluded
included extender to make sure there's
no Onix truck we need an unobstructed
line-of-sight really I did not know that
I have I plugged mine into the back of
my computer that might explain some
things we will figure it out it does
come with this little it comes with a
dongle extender that's a technical term
hey hey everybody
Jays here that was weird
I was a rich in in one of those drawers
can us see if we have double-a batteries
I know we bought some a while ago where
do we go where do we got some doublea's
I'm just gonna reload mine just not
there there we go have to please because
my laptop is right there no no your your
your definition of fun is very strange
to me Oh getting the battery oh that's
the thing to keep in mind now that's
true all right okay now I have to get
batteries out valve is not going to
contact us and ask for permission to use
this footage that's the thing that's
never gonna happen
okay officially getting batteries out is
a big pinch my fucking finger there's a
thing yeah I know but look the thing
that's fine that's fine it pinched my
finger a crazy man it pitched my fear
you're a crazy man you sound like one of
your children okay there I have fresh
batteries in mine too news on yeah great
it sounds like it's hungry yes stomachs
growling
bleep booby all right okay wait
all right that's not recognizing mine at
all I uh
let's miss that go to go to uh hey I
just oh yeah okay battery level is 100
for me at a steam controller enter
validation code rich okay okay right now
we're trying again
okay we have two controllers full
batteries and I know they go bad these
are the batteries that came with it
right I think that was mine showing up
at three bars those are fresh fresh
batteries both but both say a hundred
percent I think it's just reading cause
mine was lower all right all right both
say there are 100 percent it's fine
that's fine okay library portal 2 unless
that's not battery unless that's
connectivity it'll look like a better
all right here we go trying it again
trying to trying it again rich there
might be a lot of issues because we are
trying to use - that could be it some of
the data saying that might be I
recognized them both rich mochi yes soma
is alien isolation without the alien
it's alien isolation with other enemies
what nothing it's alien isolation with a
good story is what it is and it's so
boring unfortunately as a game it's
boring this is story I want to read the
novel it's like a alright imagine
imagine a really good science fiction
movie that's like pace to be like a
two-hour long movie and then stretch
that out into 15 hours yeah where you're
just like walking from different
locations on the base and like nothing
is happening
hmm that's soma press X on controller -
okay
that's yeah soma was not a lot was was
just not a lot of game not a lot of
gameplay that's right two controllers
one dongle and to hack this is this
controller is the stream and any issues
we're having that's that's part of this
yeah that's this is all we're doing
today is just messing around with this
oh we also know we need to do a so
here's a couple loose so jack is on the
left and rich is on the right
it does feel loose cuz trackball is
enabled so here's here's the good and I
really want to use both the pads - all
right for now here's the good in the bad
about trackball so what you can do is
kind of flick and spit oh you have it's
the trackball huh oh no no it's it's
default set to track I don't know okay
then we can oh god we're gonna change
for one or not the other are we both
stuck with it oh no no I don't want it I
don't want it either track the off and
then sensitivity I turn mine up a little
bit that seemed to help okay okay I
think actually this is a big problem if
if we get if both controllers have to be
with the same setting yeah
all right now it is trackball off for
you yeah okay great so now that track
falls off we get a little more into the
meat of what this is I'm on the I'm
yellow on the right-hand side it's weird
it's gonna take some getting used to
yeah isn't this strange I'm actually
miner Hank yeah
Hey
create a my blue portal all right what's
the buzz up here is that puzzle here did
we just go well we need the where we
where we trying to you know that's far I
think we just go through the door I
can't create oh this is the pad nice
all right there we are yeah you kind of
remember this down to the door I went
down this door that's down here which is
probably fine I'm shooting the portal
this thing oh yeah the coral coming
connected I've never played co-op in
this before so this is all completely
right oh did you go down here yeah
oh they are I okay
what is happening and we're living great
we're almost thinking
so yeah what amazes me what I've been
doing like when I first got the steam
controller we needed to think with
portals okay there's the thing over here
oh yeah well so like I just started
playing like the first thing I played
with it was rocket League yeah just just
to like you know get comfortable holding
it and then I've just been picking up
tf2 like a mofo oh we both get two
portals I get blue and purple how do I
use the other oh okay oh so you need we
need to put the banner down you Jack
move your blue portal on it anywhere
else anywhere else just trying to make
it a little there and remember we can
adjust the sensitivity yeah it's very
strange cuz like this thumb pad is all
you have to work with and it's it can be
very sensitive I have been like I have
thumb fatigue
for the first time in many years in my
gaming career because it requires very
dramatic thumb movement we have to use
this for something
all right over here oh I guess I'm
blocking off those guys which is fairly
important yeah so now we jump into this
you can bind that to like the trackpad
right you can make that
yeah like click down the down the
trackpad that's I think ultimately what
I'm going to end up doing sir
oh you need to put your portal up all
right and eat your eggs
well now it makes sense we're learning
through failure
just like in real life we're learning
through failure look at how unsteady
that is huh
look at how unsteady that it's just how
instead of your thumb is it takes very
like precise thumb movement actually
like rolling your thumb house like for
precise movement like just put your tip
put your tip down and then like we just
roll your thumb up and down and then you
know for bigger it's not a question I
should never be asking well if I need to
roll it you should be comfortable and
intuitive that motion is important Jack
needs to go
see these the white things are very
honest you want to sit down your first
one first and then I'll switch mine know
about there here
ah probably rich ah hey okay ready that
is difficult and it shouldn't be
difficult yeah I'm ready it's it's
learning this is a whole new way to
learn all right now you have to switch
it to the next one yeah
did we do it yeah hey me do it our first
puzzle oh we have more what fuck indeed
I think your sensitivity requirements
are far different than mine
sure we came through the game through
here yeah we came through here yeah so
let me go this way I'm saying we need to
get to that blue thing so we need to get
rid of this blue bar we need to get rid
of this thing okay so get rid of your
red thing okay
what was that bad good to see bad guys
so no not bad guys
well maybe we do need
can we jump over that way all right we
need a blue portal down here and then
somewhere else okay cuz this robots
there they're blocked okay I wonder if I
can oh yeah I can I can go way up there
oh so then we can go yeah you figured it
out huh those sort of probably needed to
do something about that but we made it
isn't that the question rich isn't that
always the question now what yeah we
probably need that I thought I had what
I wanted eh probably need that
eventually that's too late now okay I
think I need to go back down yeah
shit
I'm going up
is there up Dakota no this is a nice
game to practice this practice is
controllable - dad you don't we don't
need the quick action so like this is
sucking in the vortex you just you just
took away my egress sorry oh yeah don't
forget to put your force field up you
can do this rich Oh
the most important I am obviously I
haven't fucked around much sensitivity
but it just doesn't want to set her ever
it wants to dance around what I'm trying
to aim at and it's kind of frustrating
yeah it's you know it's I think that's
more just like you getting used to it
thing I don't know I don't know I'm
unconvinced you're unconvinced
I mean you you've held it in your hand
for exactly eight minutes I'm
unconvinced doesn't mean definitely yes
it's a the only answer I think I need to
do oh that's the any better it dies me
oh that dyes me Oh Oh hold on try it I
want to test something out
don't go in okay what are you doing
where is sensitivity see what it says
camera move
yeah and then the sensitivity was -
higher - lowered what does why I don't
remember anything do one of the try
turning it down
yeah yeah you have to press a again to
confirm press a you have to press a
again to confirm
I didn't want to change that probably
wouldn't bother going in there in the
first place what if you hit it
accidentally then I go back sure
shall we
that's not working
so apparently if rich goes into the
change of controller options it breaks
the game that's weird
I just turned off my controller that's
weird
that's a delight that's a delight I
returned a game that's it like that's
literate like that you you guys didn't
see what he was doing but he went to the
big picture in steam change your
controller settings tweak to the
sensitivity and then came back and poof
that's a little upsetting yeah I want
this fucking thing to work I really want
this to work
come on the controller won't work for a
few seconds because it's real what
writing the firmware and has nothing to
do with it breaking ok mr. Trott smile
so now it should work how long is a few
seconds that's a good question
I do Oh is it working all right no also
where's my control whoa does that mean
I wish you guys could see the typing
we'll do that eventually eggs a game if
you can press the button harder mr. shy
smile I don't I don't know sensitivity
Jack right back where was right smack
dab back where it was okay I hit B but
don't hit anything else yet or hit B
again and just wait a couple seconds
okay no I put new batteries in both rich
and I have are a hundred percent
batteries so we are good there alright
ready play and now if you want to change
your sensitivity I'll do it because I
alright
urge to kill babies is slowly rising it
is a little hold on let me I'm just
gonna go into here and you you do it to
make sure you touch everything okay your
sensitivity is how you had it okay play
cooperative game nope yeah give it a
couple seconds give it a couple seconds
mr. shy smile I'm gonna go ahead and say
you're full of shit it's not working
it's now it's it this is broken this is
not this is broken
why is this so difficult I don't know I
think it's because we have two plugged
in deck that's the only thing because I
when I was I I did this before yeah it
was working fine when I was just playing
Team Fortress 2 it's it's not working
it's I went in to double-check the sense
I didn't even change anything I went
it's just a double check that Richard
sensitivity changes took place and it
did that closed application I listened
mr strannix panel I get it that it
that's what happens to you it's a goof
it is a goof I don't get it
but it's frustrating mr. Sherr smell
what what would you like us to do
basically what now we have to play the
game but not mess with any other control
settings that's what I'm gonna say play
checkers with the steam control we
probably could the new steam controller
you know what it is it's new they got a
lot of bugs to work out so far all right
I'm not even touching it either don't
touch anything
all right now press X okay put the
controller down touch your toes
okay here we are again successfully
returning to the central hot room from
here you can see yeah you can definitely
tell that the sensitivity is down we'll
see if I can even things anyway what I'm
gonna this way cuz that had a number one
on it to your left
no over here
Oh showing up here I don't know if this
is the right place to go yeah sure does
okay team-building I'm ready I'm ready
shouldn't the bugs have been worked out
no they did it they did a small beta
release with a different piece of
hardware and now they're they're doing a
wider release oh no the bugs thankfully
it's not released for another month
that's right yeah this is just like
early release humans need to be taught
teamwork
there's everything you can shoot you're
supposed to shoot at oh you probably
have to shoot at a thing in there the
doorway over there opened up yeah
because I'm standing on this button no
because we're both standing about
there's a door over here open to this
door that's open okay turn around
okay there you go
portal where I'm aiming no I already had
a portal we're in that it's fine all
right yeah there we go easy okay great
teamwork collaboration keep in mind that
like Albert Einstein and his cousin
Barry history will only remember well
there you go
you know so like the III a USB connected
Xbox 360 controller is my control of
choice that's what I use 100% of the
time a big give with this is the
trackpad
this trackpad is gonna make a brake
controller is supposed to give you the
accuracy of a mouse with the feel of a
controller this is in theory this
controller is exactly the thing I've
been looking for I didn't want to use
the analog I want to use this as the
analog is what I want to do this feels
like a look at sup and I don't even know
how I feel about that you know I like
that I like the joystick
I'm over here now you know I hope
nothing thank you
what I didn't make it there in time Oh
Jack I wasn't paying attention it's uh
there we go
right you should wall shoot a thing on
that wall that wall alright now I'm
gonna open it you come back through okay
are you ready I'm ready
all right come back oh you got behind me
yeah thank you very thoughtful are you
through
yes I am we did it we did it
what tell us how it is on tf2 um it's it
it takes some getting used to is how
what it does it's different it's very
different
my biggest complaint so far is the way
you have to hold it to like work the
trackpad correctly
it feels does it feel like a stretched
you to hit the shoulder buttons right
now no no it feels like a stretched at
the shoulder buttons for me my fingers
are kind of naturally lying on the first
oh no no the shoulder but these yeah
yeah like now go go from trigger to
bumper that feel weird view like in tf2
you have two weapons which other you
know and so like that's the bumpers for
me probably a little less of a height
difference but where's that there's a
there's a height difference instead of
like it's not a deal breaker I'll say
that no nothing nothing's a deal breaker
and that's just like a thing that I
really noticed right away oh there take
the portals portals man keep it here
I'll come over here and press this
button
it'll be great how do you press buttons
again x-scissor time thing and there's a
thing over here trigger
wait there's symbols there's an order to
this triangle and X all right we have to
do these in time oh I see so triangle X
dot moon so you get by I'm da I'm ready
for it done do we have to do them in
order yeah see it's up there which for
my triangle its first yeah triangle
okay its triangle and then you're by X
Nelly then you go down you through your
Porter till X X is the one by me yep try
and go good now come through and do that
oh I see okay you know what I think um
it doesn't matter as long as they're
done in time I think I think you need to
do triangle and moon let's you need to
why can you do that why do I have to do
move well cuz we ran out of triangle we
ran out of try it like it starts at
triangle all right just just hit yours I
don't know that it matters what order
I'm not sure it does I think we just got
to do them all on the timer okay okay
I'm certain No
oh okay yeah I guess you're right rich
is right
oh a thing hey don't take my thing
yeah so far
tf2 is strange it's like one I'm
relearning how to just play tf2 because
I've been haven't played in so long
and it's here like this trackpad is
something else that's all you want it's
just it's just interesting communication
teamwork and mutual respect I'm not
employed at all times naturally this
will pose an interesting challenge for
one of you given the others performance
Hey
I do I need a cue what are we gonna do
with it
you probably point it like here I'm
gonna laser you knocked out
that he is facing your portal okay now
you have the time assuming dissin
portals I can't go through I can't go
through there because it just goes to
empty space all right
oh you know what can you make it come on
off this wall yeah
nice oh no nope
wait I can move the yeah wait baby dad's
is up remember I got I got I just wanna
say Rich's team work has been back my
back I got has been uh has been the Mars
Attacks
robots oh that's oh we got some Trudy
BOTS getting off the bus what I I did
not know that was gonna crush how I'm
sure you didn't I didn't I was sure you
had no idea that was gonna crop to Cuba
Cuba so now you you managed a Cuba Cuba
and I'll drop these things so you can
laser the robots
like it's gonna work
oh the tea glass no we'll probably need
to use some parlors yeah
with this portal II Bob
oh here's another way to use another
laser laser module rich there's another
lay out you fuck you know my boy you've
ran into a laser may Bop legs are people
hopping nope well you can I'll be here
you tell me when you need something yeah
so yeah like big complaint so far is is
my thumb hurts from get from gaming too
much but you know not the moist this
thing eventually will spurt something oh
wait if you press the button yeah you
need to you need to put a blue portal up
there and then one on the wall where
it's going see where I'm
no over all the way over there then you
need to put the purple one yeah
I can tell you that at least one of you
is doing very if a controller is giving
you pain its failing as it as a
controller you know that's going to be
part of the review I don't know I don't
know if it's just I have not experienced
this way well I have significantly more
play time than you do right now but I
mean it's to me it's the same as any
controller so far where like if you play
any game for long enough you're gonna
get a little fun what partnership with
one of you handling the cerebral
challenges I'm the other ready to
Honduras me waddle into action
that's such anything so you press the
left on the one and then you use the
other ones that kind of control wait
press left where this one okay whatever
yeah I got two options I got waving and
rock-paper-scissors like if you're
playing online and didn't feel like
talking to anyone you stand here dummy
right we got some buttons
okay I'm great I can press a button -
yeah I think you might have to so
somebody needs to get over there and
shoot through that glass
no shit
I'm over here now oh here we go
oopsie doops os-- the top-down yeah are
you stay away from everything let me see
what button does well well
well part of stay away from everything
don't you understand I've apparently
stay away from everything okay I see
what happens yes okay you go across oh
you just okay I'm across all right can
you go down between whoa all right on
the ground where you are yeah
shoot an orange or blue or whatever
portal okay now go back up back up stop
what turn shoot the other wait actually
know what you might be able K just
walking in the walk in there oh no and I
meant not in the hole I mean I'm sorry
that's my fault
forward so you hit the wall right stand
of tenants stand on top of the Ella
crate don't go in the hole
okay grab the thing now we need to get
you back out Oh so began I'm gonna move
elevators okay back up you know
I gotta get you better oh we're gonna
heat back up can you shoot a portal up
above you like like turn around and look
up can you hit that yeah that's where
you need to go all right drive yourself
in the cube through actually yeah
can you get on top of that you okay
forward forward and all right there's
the egress myself back up to where you
is all right and then we got a where's
the thing when you do tonight
yeah
you got this yeah yeah we're good using
science collaboration voice the truth is
every aspect of your performance will be
reflected in my final score for instance
orange you just lost to opportunity
advisement points
that's what this GLaDOS being wonderful
Oh
riches brain is hacking absolutely so
like what do you what do you think I'm
good to give you shit blah - good news -
list of less than an hour actually using
it
yeah it's it's nice is what I want to
say Mike it's it's nice in your hand as
a controller like I feel good about it
sitting in my hand wouldn't it wouldn't
make for a very good stream I would want
to spend like like an hour or two just
finding the button configuration layout
yeah it's it surprises me that you want
to use the other pad for the direction
lion-o joystick seem to work so well not
really
in for a penny in for a pound I do a
half-assed Jack okay you know so I can
ignite one of two things
wait what is this
that's disintegrated man oh that just
spawns the cube again oh okay in case we
need yeah case we need it spawned again
okay so the oh there's also a thing over
here no matter what you need to be here
yeah wrong button for jumping okay so
this one like seems so you know move
some leverage over there and then this
one what happens to be shooting this one
here
all right so you're gonna need to do
that okay okay
this one
oh I think it needs important yeah yeah
I start doing actually start doing now
okay forget the ice I'll keep doing it
and then I have to quickly move to the
other okay oh I could just Ricky grazing
that's good that'll give you some time
okay
through
okay what happens happen over there yeah
we'll find out while we get here oh
there is a shoot for you where can you
get to oh I can get to that first
platform oh yeah okay then I can get to
that first platform if you can get over
there
well heck yeah dog these are the
greatest games usually with a goal of
not failing horribly
These are the greatest games. "Portal" is a great game. 
It's fine.
Huh? 
It's fine. 
It's a great game.
Portal is a great game.
I, I, you know, there's a lot of hyperbole...
No, I like a lot of 'em.
...a lot of exaggeration, and, and game criticism.
But Portal is great games.
How, how quickly would Portal get without GLaDOS? 
It, it doesn't matter.
It's, that's a moot point.
She's in there.
And, you know what, I, I'll tell ya I didn't, with, uh, Wheatley, I did not like Wheatley as much as GLaDOS.
Oh, Wheatley's great.
Eh, I didn't like him as much.
Or Watley? 
Or whatever.
I also, uh, you know what, uh, though, uh, though I love J.K. Simmons, Cave Johnson just didn't do it for me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm just straight up, putting that out there.
I'm not saying he was bad.
I'm not saying that, uh, I'm not saying that, like, he took away from the game, but...it just got old.
His whole schtick just got old.
Just, it, it got old, you know?
Like, that's kind of the thing that J.K.
Simmons does, or di,d and, uh, in a lot of stuff, you know, I just didn't, didn't, uh, didn't feel as fresh.
GLaDOS...didn't feel as, GLaDOS was a nice enemy.
I'm not saying it was bad.
Just didn't...didn't like it as much as GLaDOS .

[Part II]
not not bad just not as good as GLaDOS
is the who is the morals you think he
came Johnson is better than GLaDOS he's
damn fine I agrees damn fine just not as
good as Gladys it's me the whole JK
Simmons stick you got a hold
whoa explosions that way oh okay don't
go that way
don't go that way
oh boy I wonder if
oh you
little behind-the-scenes action there a
disk to disk over here
disk
need to find a disc rich
hold for countdown
look what this LP I have no idea left
pad is what I would assume that means
yeah hey didn't bother hey Oh like if we
were to count down together so like 3 2
1 so there's like a countdown option no
but apparently oh oh oh oh it did do
something it opened up a thing did it
open but now I think we need to like hit
it and then look over there and someone
needs to shoot a portal over there okay
ready no you say it this way - and one
of us needs to be fast enough three two
one
oh I'm fast enough oh good because I
lost my portal because I went to
everything ready yeah
three two oh did you get it yeah Oh City
I have to see I got it I got it I got it
luckily you don't feel pain at any rate
you don't have a way to communicate that
you feel pain I consider that killing
what did you say fulfilling fulfilling
yeah so yeah that was the first thing we
did it courses yay
there
oh that got me someplace very
interesting fall into that spot for you
to sit to you don't fall in that portal
that's right yeah oh whoa shibam Zhi Shi
biome skadoodle chef chef
I know
I know they asked for sea otters
I don't think I'm supposed to go in
there
I went back to the homeboy
bitch what well it's not my fault
become taking get me no no oh I'm not
sucking all right I'm coming Jimmy
yeah by the way don't go in the exit -
oh really it makes me it makes me exit
that area Wow what'd they do to make you
exit the area and dumbfounded Jack
dumb-founded
great dot dot the exit sector level then
proceed to the disassembly chambers oh
hey Ron I'm at the beginning okay here
we go
yeah you know what I don't understand
why everyone is so fucking excited about
the Star Wars poster its poster it's
supposed to fuck oppose learning movies
get the fuck over it huh stop
masturbating over Star Wars have some
some moderate amount of human dignity oh
my god do you see the poster it features
characters that we already knew her in
the movie in the movie it looks nice
stylistically it's similar to the other
ones says the guy who masturbates with
Star Wars yes because that was real that
was the joke as if that wasn't very on
you
there
okay I'm gonna open up the path for you
here comes I'm across okay I'm gonna
step on a button here because there's a
button here and I'm gonna fail the step
oh wait I gotta shove something in there
I need a cube
can we give me a cube where's their
Cuban music you yeah thing here I have a
cube we need to get over here step on
the button so whack me get out of here
back to you oh wait I think I know what
to do I think I know I'm gonna throw
something through that hole somehow yeah
I think I got this here this here drop a
new one
together area
all right this is a fun game that's
thinking with portals yay what word Oh
Sartain sorry I was thinking with
portals I wasn't thinking about walkways
yeah you know like I saw I saw that
today on the internet it's just like
everyone is abuzz over the Star Wars
poster right that's fine and it's it's
it's a poster it's a nice poster yeah no
no no just rolled immediately out of
everything here comes a new one all
right it's just like yeah it looks it
looks fun the it looks like the black
guy has a lightsaber so he's a Jedi
maybe I don't know maybe he's just
holding a lightsaber I don't know is
kylo Ren the daughter of Han and Leia
you know I thought kylo Ren was the guy
with that red lightsaber
I thought kylo was the lady I
see see chat work you and me we're in
different spots regarding this movie you
know uh it'll come out and I'll probably
go see it yeah yeah and then I'll have
an opinion on it until it comes out yeah
okay I don't know but I've got the thing
in the thing which seems like it needs
it's the thing where it needs to be wait
is there so waiting Italy Oh Collins the
red lightsaber guy who's the lady in it
is the lady in it the daughter of Han
and Leia is that she's the daughter of
Luke and Lando the story is taking a
whole new twist that's funny is there
anything else to do on your side I have
one more wall that I can get through
like over here
I don't know what else I have robots
that will kill me only thing I ever hear
that I can interact with this is that
thing to put a cube in rush maybe we're
doing early I don't know and then some
door that looks like it opens oh wait
wait wait I know I know
all right laser no there's a portal
under the laser I didn't know I wasn't
paying attention
oh now you need to pick up your cube
again and laser my gun yeah yeah okay
can you jump over that
I wasn't paying attention
yes that day that is my motto is I'm not
paying attention so wait what is her
name
ray is the girl nobody knows yet if
she's related to anyone okay
like I guess I am now you can get
through okay I I'm going on from the
assumption that lay is is no fucking box
let's take care of the box for yourself
and coming at you
how you change where your portals are
bridge yeah so I guess that was the
assumption I was going off of so seeing
her without a lightsaber on the on the
cover I guess was that wasn't didn't I
and this is this is my same advice that
I gave regarding the battlefront early
our beta testing right open beta testing
which is don't do their marketing for
them that's all you're doing is you're
just doing you they're excited about a
thing they love I get it I get it all
right know what
oh I think I just need to be by the
camera oh okay okay
oh my god oh I like to be free
I like these chambers where we have to
like do stuff on our own side that's me
okay what we got here yeah I got a thing
that falls here I have a sphere Oh which
I think I can shoot over to you I'm
ready for it
your body is ready I think a piece and
that thing people say the people say
that yeah all right there you go one
sphere
I got a sphere
I don't know what I can do with this
fear but I got it
you might need to bring it on the other
side and shoot it back to me for
something for some sinister purpose I'm
not sure what that purpose would be yet
I don't think I can shoot it back to you
oh yeah I'll be quite honest
I don't believe I have a way to shoot it
nope no no no okay oh wait
I could shoot about I need to shoot it
back to you I don't know I'm assuming
that's what they're getting at but I
don't know because I think I know oh
yeah now do it
and I think I'll shoot it back to you
well on the other side on this side can
you get over here where this is no you
can't
no no I'm stuck all right now you know
you got a sealing portal thing over
there you see that that probably does
something okay I'm over here so we need
to figure out where to proceed from here
okay so we know we can get a ball I
think we need to get the ball over here
and then I see see those those the ball
come out over here it's probably got a
little Sun over there probably but I
don't know my yeah where do I need to
get the ball where do we need to get the
ball to oh you've got it all the way
over here you've got a thing
right there okay so we gotta get the
ball there what do you need to get the
ball there oh and I have a thing where
all my portals will be destroyed if I go
through them that's okay might be fine
for now here's what we do
can't even shoot well okay we're can you
get the boars that further sheep get the
ball let's figure this out so the ball
lands here the ball lands here mm-hmm
and that comes out I've never get it to
come out anyway let's just get you the
ball okay for now all right I'm ready to
get the ball I'm ready to get the ball
all right
nope
that's not gonna work what's wrong I
know your angle oh yeah now I'm stuck
over here hola
now I can't get back over there where I
could have gotten the ball get back over
there I can't shake go through there no
no no I mean go through the emancipation
bread this'll kill my portals we can put
her back in the other side so I can get
over there yeah that's not gonna help us
right now
yeah no just die you'll respond okay
you're either enjoying it more than they
do
we are just incredibly dim-witted right
now instead of having you come out by
you have it come out by that hole in the
ceiling no if it comes out over there it
goes into the water so but if it comes
out over here I can catch it
oh and then you can walk through with it
yeah yeah okay all right you ready ready
here we go here we go here we go oh
that's catch thank you okay so now
oh my god now I have it over here don't
walk through IO then then this won't
work at all so I think what needs to
happen okay so here at least over there
and then we need to figure this out no
no that's not gonna help here's what
needs to happen yeah you're gonna hit it
through here yeah then I'm gonna make it
come out over here okay in which case
it'll go in over there and then out over
there again and land oh my god and I'll
catch it over here so I need to run
basically I need to real quick run
through this input there and an exit
there all right oh fuck this yeah you
can do this so here and here
hi I'm ready for my first one okay we
got this we got this we got this
I did that too fast
it's definitely it takes me to use to
barely oh oh oh I was so close rich I
was so close
like I just missed it by a second yeah
do it again we gotta do it again I
missed it by one second rich I was right
there the steam controller I'm gonna
blame this team controller right ready
you set up I'm set up I'm ready and set
up
like boom and boom nice yeah here it is
it is what tag-teams back again Rex and
effects in full effects what
everything's fine
okay what I'm just reading the jet the
apparently rocket League has some
Halloween items you can unlock all day
for a few days oh I guess I'll be
playing what's the ultimate prereq
challenge can they do it I'm taking bets
$5.00 anyone wait what's this oh whoa
what you do
I almost got it
taking bets our ability to do what
though I don't know
so update on the controller I mean we're
still getting used to it a lot of
getting used to here's what I can tell
you the it feels a lot better in Portal
than in tf2 only because you can act in
Portal you can actually kind of take
your time and do things to you know get
your aim right but even in tf2 it's not
I'm having a couple issues with it where
like I'm just trying to find the right
way to hold it you know that's that's
kind of a big thing where do we need to
be that's a great question
oh here's a near the box I found a box
rich I'll get you a portal on a laser
some shit I'm gonna laser some shit you
get up there with that box so what's
right figure it out figure it out okay I
can laser over here I'll tell you what
end
yeah I got a laser well that's very good
jack
but I have to hold it look okay so I can
I can laser this wall nope nope nope
nope why can't you wait what happened
you're gonna go into the laser turn into
the spin I don't know what we're trying
to do yet so I can do this and now
you're yellow portal lasers that stuff
is there anything up here up there look
at my eyeball is there anything up there
get in there all we need to get the
laser here let's across from there all
right
there's something Oh that opened up the
window so we need a blue thing can Union
you need to put that down and shoot some
blues okay there and yeah you see it
okay coming through right
you might shoot me with a laser so hold
off
is it open yeah all good all good okay
you're through okay now what
that's a great question I didn't it
ain't it just though Oh interesting
you probably need that window open I'm
gonna I'm gonna go ahead and assume that
where do we need this this blue thing to
go this blue wall does light you can
stop by that or does it bounce off of
that the light is not going through that
I don't know if about it maybe it
bounces so maybe if you have the blue
thing come out of well I got a grid
that's gonna erase my portals so no I
think that's a window oh no I know
remember I can get rid of that grid you
can get rid of this grid here if you get
rid of your portal can you remove your
portal from in there no well yeah yeah
oh no you can't I can't get rid of the
grid cuz you got rid of your portal out
here oh no no wait I can do you know
what I'm talking about this thing where
you walk through it it erases your
portals yeah we need to get rid of that
yeah that's we can get rid of that oh
yeah how that's how you got in there in
the first place I just went through it
and turned off I do know there oh all
right leave it up mister no my god what
oh my god the controller blamed the
controller all right now what are we
doing with this fucking blue ball I mean
oh I have literally no idea all right
well
we got a blue wall boy oh oh I don't
know laser thing oh okay
get rid of your blue wall over there and
uh hold on let me do that let me do that
put you down
oh I think oh wait that does a little
better yeah
so the do I sign a good because we both
need to be there yeah I think it's one
of us where we need to go
what I'm afraid to lose that blue wall
so I'm gonna ask you to walk through
here and tell me what's through here
what's where we came from that's how I
came from are we sure pretty sure okay
what I think what we need to do here so
where do you need to go you need to be
up here with me
here's here's my here's my theory yeah I
think that we need to set up this cube
on the this path and get get it so weird
like falls down what what actually fire
the laser fire and laser let me go up is
there a portal up here I could shoot for
you got a bit too easy that would be way
too easy and then we wouldn't be and
then we wouldn't use the blue thing
that's just the end this is the end this
is the end my friend find out I think it
has something to do with this stream
where's the other elevator what other
elevator unless we both have to go in
the same one we do look at this see oh I
see I didn't make sense see that so my
thought is what if we oh here we go here
we go so set up your other set up your
other blue thing to come out there
okay or you know yeah so now check this
out yeah check it yeah before we were
getting ready to record here and then we
put the we put the box
I got what your sin if I understand I
feel like you feel me Jack I can't
believe you're solving a puzzle I got
this
that's kind of amazing right look at
this guy look at this guy maybe you
don't know this about me but I'm like
the puzzle Oh Oh close ah okay
son is he over a little bit more yeah I
like the puzzle King Orange
I'm like super famous I'm waiting for
I'm waiting for this epic epicness to
epic it better be epic it's gonna be
totally fucking epic the only problem is
and then we got to get the laser to fire
over here that's gonna be a tough part
oh oh we have to be on it as soon as you
let it go we need it we need it to fire
that way though that's what we need
oh great well then but it's just too
late you we we missed our opportunity
okay basically you're gonna have to book
it once you let that thing go yeah Ron
Jack Ron the Run button
there's no run button button
okay damn fine work yeah I'm super great
with puzzles if we still cared about
solving things in the future but we
don't
No why are you the tall one right you
the shirt winner my my the tall one by
all rights I should be the short round
one right right opposite day
I'm the photo King couldn't figure out
how the station
listen I've played portal before I know
how these puzzles work was my first time
playing dead space so maybe you could
back the fuck off haven't even you shit
about dead space huh
well you know it's like this is a game
that I've played and yeah dead space it
was the first time I was playing whoo
gnarly I'm sorry what no you go over
there I'll be gnarly dude
I have a cube we we need a cube over
here we need support
yeah there but I can't get me this grid
and shoot more can you open this door
what are that
it's a blue line going to it from over
there get over there that's gonna do
that not a lot over he's what's up there
look up not bad you know they're either
you have to fling yourself through that
to get up there so shoot a portal there
well you're gonna need momentum from
that thing that shoots your craft the
roots your somewhere you can land here
I could meet up spend some time
exploring your surroundings what I need
to set up some portals in advance is
that what needs to happen
yes let's figure this shit out right
were you at
give me an eye thing so I'm in here
there's a thing that will that will
launch you into that in you know into
another white wall that will destroy all
your portals right that's why I need to
set up one in advance what I did not
know that you're right yeah yeah I'm
just I'm looking around
hmm so I need to shoot one there eyeball
it for me how can I walk out then we
need you to fall on top of on top of
which to get you over I'm shit where is
that original blue switch oh it's not
you have to go to the other side
oh my god I can't believe you did that
but now you can't get over ah yes yes
why don't you figure it out I think I'm
figuring it out
okay this is all on you I need to get a
portal with here for you and over there
so I need to get a oh my god you need to
set up some portals for me yeah
in advance okay hold on put one right
with that orange one is this one yeah
okay and then one like over here one
pull it over there too yep yep oh I
wrote yours I meant to go next to I just
leave it for now okay okay now set up
for me to get over for that
all right now you get in the room and
you can fling yourself through to get up
there like I have nothing to fling me
over there
you know what I'm saying
wasn't our booster you see that all
right you see that you need to get I'm
kind of off that that portal thing right
there you need to fly out of there right
but there's nothing there's nothing to
like what oh shit but but there is
something over here oh you're gonna have
to do a complicated fall and shoot yeah
but there's nothing to fall on yeah go
down go down just trust me go down mhm
when you walk through there you need to
shoot and fall in there yeah but that'll
just make me come out this bar oh but
you need to fly can you land on that by
running out of here yeah yeah run out of
there just just trust me right away this
is a blue one which one am i you need to
shoot on that thing while you're falling
with blue or purple I'll wait no yeah
yeah yeah that's not gonna work
what I mean what we need is read
somewhere to fall and there isn't here
how like it like I said here check out
behind this dealing boat is it behind
this dealy-bob there is something
there's like oh can you jump down there
no but that's like where we need to go
oh oh oh' duh
okay blue okay so this is purple so I
need to shoot with blue oh yeah
no wait
now
you know what are you trapped no I can
get out I say not really knowing
I can get out should hold to that game
yeah
sensitivity I messed up I messed up
which one I had to shoot you know oh
it's because I'm not pressing every
button I get it
okay okay so what do I need to do here I
need to okay so if this if this one is
light blue if you shoot dark blue and
when she's lied through the light blue
so you need to shoot dark blue yes
you'd have to be again you have to be
through before you you have to do it
while you're falling it's sucking me oh
oh okay oh okay okay so I need to shoot
dark blue yeah
yes all right now there's a button now
there's a button I need to go where I
need to go which I remember where the
fuck that was it okay oh it opened up it
opened up a thingy jack equals think
sometimes portal gets me to think right
now
so what that button did was open up this
this ramp that'll shoot it do you need
to hold that button or no no the buttons
actually gone I don't even need to be
alright
good cuz we need to work together to set
up more more dated more Dingles oh wait
we are sciencing the shit out of this
game absolutely to get in here so
something so we can fly that through the
hole where does it need to go eventually
Oh over here oh so you need to fly it oh
oh now that's hey I think I got it all
the way yeah yeah
I forgot maybe I don't have it all on my
own I don't have it all in my own that
flies us through there so that gets you
to fly and I hit that wall into the
nothingness I don't think that helps
actually you don't want to fly into the
nothing we're gonna get this do I need
to go off of this ramp and catch it you
just throw the thing and then I and then
I catch it like as you throw it like
just sended the brick through it again
maybe give it a try if you think you can
do something with this maybe I can catch
it just tell me when you're dropping it
all right I'm 3 2 1 oh that might be it
that might be it I'm coming back I was a
little too fast
I'm on on go ok 3 2 1 go yep you know
you said on go and I went on one okay
I'm go yep 3 2 1 go
did you get that fucking sweet fuck yeah
I got fucking sweet navigated all of the
exhibits intended metaphors in record
time I'm marking this art yeah you need
to you need to jump over
we all right yeah teamwork
puzzle-solving shit right there's fuckin
teamwork still one more that will try a
different genre yeah that's a good
that's a good move along how was it that
they were right next to each other in
the same room and still get the timing
wrong because we're magic that's why
we're magic okay
yeah well have we have Josh on again we
had Josh recently more recently than the
n64 stream to just come in and chat and
talk about music and stuff
josh is uh josh is a busy man and we
will definitely get him here whenever we
can
what is the blue stuff - I think speed
first blue the bounce
I think blues the bombs gonna be the
bounce so we need to wait what yeah
nice oh wait wait I can we can do this
where do we need it wait so then no I
got to do this yeah it's about that so
you want to bounce up all these walls
well there's not many spots we can get
bounce yeah you can get bounce on all of
it oh you just mean like like put your
portal over here over here hey which
side yeah cuz this side doesn't have a
wall oh I didn't notice that get it
together
up and yours
can you get over that that work
Xzibit I was working with a dead motif
but I see you figured that out you were
working with a death motif I get it
okay we definitely need to cover all
that and blue stuff and then we need to
use the thing somehow
oh wait wait can you uh yeah I got an
idea rich can you cover the blue thing
like if you put your portal up here can
you cover the blue thing in the goop oh
yeah oh there you go so get it bounce
back and forth we got a bounce back go
for that same sense
that seems legitimately insane a king
king crag the steam controller so far is
you know it's gonna take some getting
used to it feels nice it has aimed
potential it say it'll take a long time
before like you get all your settings
right and everything down but there is
potential
it's ready I jumped I jumped I did too
it just didn't work
oh I'm using having the the grip and the
trigger is confusing me sometimes I hit
the the good grip when I mean they hit
the trigger and sometimes vice versa the
grip is your trigger no I my brain wants
to when I when I go to hit the trigger
yeah my brain sometimes hits the grip
and vice yeah yeah that that happened
that has happened to me often by the way
it's all good you don't need to worry
about it I want there's an undo B
section there that's dangerous
we're gonna watch rich
are you barely did it great did you just
bow uh it said to prevent bouncing hey
you just got here J is holding his
controller hi can't be very good for his
posture I don't know this is just kind
of weird right like did they call you J
they call me Jane I think that was a
joke on purpose I'm doing that for a
couple reasons never underestimate the
power of stupidity one is like if you
see how rich is holding isn't like if I
did this basically it would just like it
would look like two guys masturbating
while watching footage oh my god right
that's and so like that's one reason is
I just want you guys to know that we are
playing with the steam controller and
you know this looks like now
it looks like we're being held prisoner
while watching footage of we're victims
of Isis this man is gonna come in here
and behead us live on stream right so
that's one reason why I'm doing into it
you know this is kind of normally where
it is just kind of up all right we've
got some bounce and we got some red
which I believe is speed I think I'm
doing you the wrong woman in the wrong
spot oh yes I am I think this might make
more sense wait what are you doing
it's gonna come
maybe not what is Orange - orange I
think it's the slick speed this is a
great so I can't get this
oh we got bounce - yeah hey
can you alright there's a lot of good
wait there is a lot I can do hold on
yeah now we're just kind of looking
silly just holding up yeah hold up there
now all right did something no hey you
got over there
what do that what did that switch to all
right get off of it
so we need to get up there that that
opens up look over there yeah that's a
switch
okay all right oh we need there's a box
up there I'm sure that box needs to end
up on that switch in order for us both
to get over here so we got bouncy goop
and we got slippy goop
Oh slippy knew maybe up here like this
here's this right we can drop yeah I
check this out it's like slippy goop
onto this platform and then you'll slip
into this which will lead you you know
anywhere you want to go well it takes us
out by the blue thing little fly us up
oh yeah
all right I got it you got it all right
you know this walkway here with the red
slippy goop yep
forward through that hole which comes
out here which means you'll go straight
up yeah and then we need blue bounce
over to there or you will land on the
platform I will be standing on the
button
no but the platform doesn't go over
there if you're once you once you run
straight right whoa with the speed goop
yeah you go through that hole right that
hole no it doesn't take you all the way
well we need to get more red goop on
here you can't weaken right there you're
gonna need to shoot it though there's my
blue things oh it's a red group the fuck
out of that
I
can you jump does that help does that
happen no no no you just kind of go
straight up but I wonder if I could uh
you can probably oh you have to shut off
the portal I know I know what I can do
I know what I can do I got this No
these over here for
I don't know anything yet oh wait can I
can you maybe the answers may be rich
use the goop to go through the hole
through the hole yeah all right no why
don't you try that now okay I'm here
what's happening you what did I was kind
of on that one Oh all right we need to
regroup we need to we tree red goop this
reread ghupat on it
Grubin it right now you're gonna run
through that hole okay
and when I get on the other side of this
hole what's gonna happen I'm gonna
switch the blue things see you land on a
blue path platform okay
all right you just have to run through
that hole really fast okay ready yeah oh
I did the too soon and you got blocked
is that what happened yeah that's what
happened
oh no you're right oh you went down I
had that worked either way now what can
we do from here we can do some more
bouncy goop I I think we're thinking
about this run there's no reason I had
to go through that fast in order for
that to work I guess I don't know so I
got bouncing goop
but like I'm on this blue ledge so I can
go to the bouncy or I can go back in the
original I guess but then I'm not here
to shoot the hit the button right no god
damn it
Liberty make jibs flibberty Mick Jim's
here send me over to the bouncy there I
get rid of the blue thing rid of my
things
hi all right we need to figure out what
to do now we got a bouncy walk yeah okay
we first thing we need to do is get up
there too
to get the we need to get that cube to
the revealing oh there's a cube yeah I
forgotten all about it
where's the Hulme up there hey you cube
up there yeah all right we need to make
this blue bouncy okay
it's bouncy bounce it up
that ain't it
nope weights rebooting need some bread
add some glue we need some bread to get
me to the blue fast ah I got it I'm on
it I'm on it rich I need I need your
portals to I get the word out back hold
on
Bridge welcome back thank you okay
so I'll read it up so we go read read
through yeah read through here and then
blue near the tail end all right no no
not that one I know everything right
yeah
I'll redo the read that's you know what
that is my bad
this is okay now we got the blue no it's
not you got to do the blue glass just
just coming out of out of there yeah I
was Miss messing up the ordering okay
there we go
nice nice rich nicely done alright is
there safe way to get this over I just
have to fall okay so now those things
are up that's great that's great so we
got that going for us which is nice
is there anywhere we can fall and get
momentum yes sir Wow geez what we need
to do you uh you need to make the path
pass to go there the paths agos there or
my portal is yeah oh sorry yeah yeah I
guess we need to get over there hold on
I can get is over
okay
not quite I lost me here yeah snack
quite high up not quite high enough yeah
we both died yeah I don't feel so bad
okay okay
okay
okay let's think about this for a second
what's their problem the blue isn't
getting us high enough right oh wait I
got it
we need to get red on there what happens
if you put the the your your dark red
portal through here nothing good or
nothing here I I think I have an idea
okay can you put some you're gonna do do
it because my portals need to hold the
bridge shop right put some red there
right we accelerate along here then jump
on it's blue and then bounce that and
the momentum will take us up there I
don't think I can put right there you
put put your portal here and then the
red coupe red goop come out and red
group the red gloop this slide oh I
guess yeah I get it yeah I get a new
pair red goop here yes
and then though we bounce off there and
off of there yeah and then go oh oh
that's D no no no now get us over there
with your portal under mine mine can't
move okay current you're gonna try this
first
bam bam fuckin work all right great
let's change up the games a little bit
let's see what else yeah controller can
do
gah please play something else
we are wow this game makes for a boring
stream does that help
does that help does that help why is it
louder over sometimes than others why
does it go back let's shift into a down
gear there is and I did I guess it
doesn't matter cuz we're leaving the
game now but there is a let me go into
the options here there is a haptic
feedback button are there usually is we
can like turn your haptic feedback face

[Part III]
all right what else we want to try
skulls the Shogun for kind of like a
forces manipulation kind of thing
not quite RTS but our TSH you've already
you're doing this I'm kind of clicking
on units oh sure why don't you give that
a try oh what's the other one we wanted
to do too
oh we've got a regular platform yeah
yeah well so why don't you do shows
stupid big picture mode the big picture
mode so much up into a big picture
where's my brush my big was convenient
list of games that's where you get the
thumbnail exact you know many games you
haven't steamed because you can get
games for a buck I feel like it's gonna
take me hour and a half to find skulls
of the Shogun you first of all it was it
was there all right I really like the
the thumbnail few people can't see I
want my list cuz I got not only do I
have my Steam games but I got like every
game I own before steam like links none
of them are gonna have a proper
thumbnail because they're not Steam
games gonna recent how do you do the
keyboard okay well a search and then
like and then you hit what trigger
corresponds to what thumb oh that's
weird isn't that weird yeah how you go
back already left bumper you guys need
to see how this is cuz it's crazy
oh my god terrible at this we need to
put steam they're typing with the steam
controller is very strange come on there
you go it's very strangest there's
sensitivity issues I wish I wish we had
a better way to show you but we don't
yeah you can
now you're just exaggerating no very
difficult now we're gonna change the
game yeah now we need to change the game
the hell's the show okay
all right skulls of the Shogun Oh let me
update the are you preparing to launch
it's already launched I could hear it
are you wacky skulls of the Shogun how
do we get to updated so now press the
steam button and now go to controller
configure controller gamepad
yeah and now just hit Y to save as this
kind of this kind of is the generic but
if you want like d-pad I want d-pad a1
yeah that it's saying that is acting as
the d-pad your your left pad is that
nothing I want something to be a mouse
yeah then this is your mouse this is
right stick click don't worry about that
that's your mouse all right fine it's
fine rich it's all fine
they're working it's working
what oh thank you Tiberius Kirk Tiberius
Kirk just shared an animated gift of
what the typing looks like it's very
strange it's very it's very very strange
typing yes talk about you guys should
play typing of the Dead with this
controller no that would be terrible
this is uh this is skulls of the Shogun
I actually I've never I don't I've never
heard of this game I don't know what
kind of fun of it yeah I'm played it in
a while
played a little bit last night sure what
is it it's it you said it's like a non
si si si you know I mean kind of part
RTS part part real part per turn-based
definitely turn base okay but you
controlled units spent the mouse's a
game it's a strategy games turn-based
it's fine it's great yes that was that
was quite a bit this is reaching boobs
this is the most to manipulate units
tests okay in my head I like it but I
got a feeling this is set up to be used
as a control are they doing some kind of
funky controller animation yeah I want a
mouse yeah I want to switch to other
people like a mouse oh how do I started
to do that because it's the whole point
that's all test okay go to configure
controller and now where it says RS
click press a an that yeah no I you
press B recipe
oh so right now a style of input Mouse
okay
tracfone the trackball mode is on do you
want great and then if you want to if
you want more of a shifting I don't know
what more drifting is but if you want
more of that vibrate you can turn
haptics intensity up and it goes all the
way to high high medium for now sure
this is all neat stuff all sorts of this
is Austin this is all stuff worth
playing around with oh yeah and we will
need playing around with and I think
like that that's one of the like the
pluses and minuses of this is each game
can be specifically fine-tuned to the
controller and the downside is you have
to take the time to specifically
fine-tune each game so that's what we're
just doing right now he's mapping just
often this is where it Sam this is where
it's at this is where it's at we are
like but not see this right now
oh you need to send your sensitivity
like way up how's that work for you from
now okay
oh yeah that's neat
yeah using it as a mouse take a little
bit gonna used to
what what are you guys talking about hey
guys hey guys talking about my children
again yes it is the it's my two boys
featured in the 101 wacky kids jokes
those are my boys and they love watching
that oh it still wants to do that like a
controller would what zooming in and out
that's weird
that was probably I don't want to do wow
this would take some fidgeting sure
we're gonna talk for a bit
skulls of the Shogun and yeah you you
can load different settings and there
are recommended settings like that the
community creates and then the more
people that use them you know the the
easier that is and you can download
specific settings and yes that's gonna
change so skulls of the Shogun why are
you still doing it I want you to zoom
how I cancel an old what I mean it's
trying to zoom when I hit that not just
the left and right mouse actions which
is all I want
plus that's set to something
that also could be an in-game setting so
go back to in-game and now I could go in
the options menu open options and go to
controls and see it has the lies the
zoom mouse wheel zoom in and out yep oh
okay skits I got to change the
controller settings in the game
apparently in order to turn that off I
don't know if I can tell the game not to
use the controller sure why not ah show
me how I don't know how then settings
I'm forced to use the controller aspects
I can't turn the zoom the trigger zoom
off which is infuriating no there's
something new okay yeah I would like to
show you the controller settings I don't
know if it'll hold on for a second rich
yeah you don't what do you wanna do what
are you trying to do I was seeing if we
could have another window open with
steam so when you go into steam like
they can see what the controller
settings look like probably not what the
big picture mode hold on everybody I'm
gonna I'm gonna see let's see what we
can do here and we're gonna add a game
capture steam wouldn't be a game once
we've got a program or monitor capture
I think I usually see Stephen and Game
Capture - then Steve huh
Trust is a game ok so now I press the
steam button I see that
where you see the bubbles they don't see
any of the text that comes from that oh
that's weird
let me look into properties for a second
wait a second I think you would need to
do a monitor capture oh all you see is
the bubbles that's so weird
okay give me a second here guys it's the
way I want to delete nope not that one
this ad monitor capture okay monitor one
okay great
and then we're gonna move you down so
you can see us cuz I know you guys want
to do that
looks like we're framed in there
perfectly terrible doesn't it yeah
wasn't it just there we go to like
position sighs boom boom oh but oh you
have all your stuff open because skulls
of the Shogun is uh hold on wait wait
don't press anything in turn turn go
back to skulls of the Shogun oh yeah the
mouse what are you trained to get rid of
the transform so go back to skulls of
the Shogun up and go it's on window so
go to full screen in the display
here
what a great control you know it's plus
it obviously this is like our first day
can you just not okay so now you want to
mess with your controller what do you
want to do
oh hello now I want to turn oh wait wait
what I need the mouse what are you doing
what are you doing what do you want what
do you want well I don't dump anything
turn this back on this okay now go now
they can see what you're doing okay okay
so this isn't the menu I need it all
what did you do to me checker what I
messed it all up
yes you did launching oh it's in presets
ministership mr. shy smiley is a is our
okay so now go to configure controller
yeah okay so it's I just want there were
three sets pic kb /m where where are
presets mr. mr. Shaye's mom mr.
strausmann
nope back get back
now nothing we may have just lost our
controller again what is happening
yeah my last air controller out there
working again nope wait something's not
right
something is not it might be opening a
game again
after it's already open because fucking
big screen mode sucks cuz instead of
going back for the game it tries to open
it love launching game no the games
launched sure sir that could be the
problem yeah they're saying he's saying
you should be able to press X to select
from community and presets and we know
is resize now obviously we're having
some difficulties everybody I just want
to use it like a mouse and keyboard sure
with the stupid steam controller yes
which bizarrely wants to be used as a
regular Xbox controller on this game
when I bought it so I could use it as
most yeah sorry I quit the game ah I'm
trying to cut the game clinic with the
game
no no exit game Mac not at the main menu
were my
okay okay hold on forcing all over they
what are we looking for exactly why we
just using the controller to get there
huh
we were looking for Oh like right now we
have the game capture and monitor
capture on yep and I was gonna oh here
it is so I'm just gonna real quick turn
off the game capture okay no pointless
now because it's finalized now okay
play it again we can do this rich I
believe in us I believe in nothing my
faith and life has been shaken to its
core
alright okay so what am I looking for
configure controller there we go browse
app that's someone browse configs so now
go templates I can't press back I can't
with a controller can you go left
oh oh all right that makes sense
so there's AI just want to use this as a
mouse and all time yes keyboard wwas to
your hands is that what you want yes
okay yes god damn it
okay save as live keyboard or Mouse save
great you can do this rich done
now it's a mouse and keyboard all right
there you go are you happy with this ah
for now I'd like to use the triggers and
not the buttons as them as the one is
the Selective don't select you should be
able to use the triggers right
no it's a keyboard now why don't their I
could probably set that up we have
achieved that thing rich wanted to hours
ago
this is it man this is the control this
is literally the first time I've gotten
my hand
yeah and it's no no opinion is negative
or positive should be taking this
finally yeah oh god no it's what it was
a bit like
two hours three hours three almost you
know what three hours almost and to be
fair the mode the majority of that time
has been playing portal 2 so yeah that's
the thing we need to remember is like
the thing that we are holding in our
hands right now is new I'm not gonna
call it revolution I can't use that
that's a trigger that's that's that's
acceptable okay great
we've achieved acceptable so now it is
working as you wish yes work we did it
right thank you mr. chai smile you've
saved the day obviously we're having
some technical hiccups as it happens but
maybe a keyboard and mouse is a keyboard
a mouse for a reason and it might be but
what if what if this is the magical way
that look that's but how do you think
this thing is being sold and then this
is the bridge yes this is this is a
controller in my mind as a controller
for people who don't want to use a
controller which I am right and for me
it's the promise of a controller with
the better accuracy for first-person
shooters and for games like this right
this is the promise to me of the steam
controller what I want out of this is
the ability to conveniently use a mouse
and keyboard from the couch yes that's
all I want out of it I don't want added
controller functions I want mouse
functions like you see how we got like
you guys can finally see all we're
working with you rich is like using his
armrest as a mouse yeah yeah mouse pad
this is not an ideal situation for using
a mouse and keyboard but if this thing
works then we got some options and ain't
that nice that ain't that nice
oh no and mr. Tran smile we know you
want to help us obviously
we're running into some technical
glitches that you weren't running into
but hey we really do appreciate your
help you have we appreciate your help
and look Rich's play I don't know what's
happening here rich I'm controlling
units and moving them around great I'm
getting rice you want rice you want rice
and don't deselect
how about you get us a monk yeah and
that's a thank you mr.glitcha like
whoever keeps suggesting that we go back
to a mouse and keyboard literally the
entire point of this stream is to play
with the steam controller so we we will
not be switching to another controller
or a keyboard a mouse because that's
what we're doing right now this is the
whole thing this is a explore this see
how this works right we're gonna play a
multitude of games that we would
normally play with mouse and keyboard
and a controller see if they work this
worked pretty well right now actually
yeah it was too accurate
I could not press the button because I
was not on the button oh my god oh we
missed sweet
a lot of guys that's not good what you
need what thing a lot of guys cuz
they're new straight I don't think there
is a new strafe demo the thing is does
binding of issac work oh I'm sure it
will I'm sure it will work just fine
I will be playing of course like well
I'm gonna play all the normal games that
I would play for the record this game is
pretty funny yeah yeah
you haven't I did have no idea what's
happening I'm gonna be honest right who
are you I am oh you're doing something
right now yeah yeah I'm attacking that's
I'm attacking the enemy Archer right now
I'm the red guys okay and alright
this guy here yeah this is my general
okay he was obviously some kind of
general in the Shogun near feudal Japan
okay and he just won some kind of major
war he was gonna be the Shogun of all of
Japan
oh but right after he wins the battle
somebody stabs him in the back yes and
then he goes to the afterlife no he's
he's looking for some payback against
the man who stabbed him in the back mmm
who conveniently died and fell on a
spear right after stabbing you in the
back so you're both in the afterlife
okay you're raising your army of undead
warriors to fight each other okay and
you control each unit one by one like
here's their Archer I'm going to take my
little interface infantry guy here right
I'm gonna order him to move the circle
is my move radius okay some movement act
distance and he's hold this hands up
because he can't archers can't counter
attack them like a melee move oh I'm
gonna kill him and he's dead now you see
is a skull is lying there no you can eat
their skulls to gain health and then if
you eat three skulls an individual
you're at ease three skulls you can turn
into a demon unit that can do two
attacks in one turn nice so you want to
eat them skulls you want to eat them
skulls oh thank you mr. trans man
apparently when when you choose your
controller presets you don't have to hit
the Save button okay that's just if you
want to publish a preset oh okay okay
okay that is good to know oh my god you
slut I always forget to do that all the
time
Emory 801 yeah next up after rich plays
a little mouse keyboard type game I'm
gonna be doing a typical controller game
and so I'll be messing around with
either spelunky or super meatboy
something with that requires incredibly
tight controls yeah so probably super
meatboy just because I love Super Meat
Boy and that really doesn't require
incredibly tight controls I am NOT doing
good I'm getting readjusted to playing
this game oh sure they've got all kind
of resources all over me and that's
that's bad yeah it's typically bad
Barako T do you think we could convince
Mike and J to play keep talking nobody
explodes with you know no real talk they
are invited to every stream sometimes J
can make it sometimes he cannot mike has
expressed no interest in coming he is
invited to every single stream not even
a rude thing he just did not comfortable
so perhaps another blue moon from now he
will grace us with his presence but
probably not gonna happen I do agree
that them playing that game would be
there
funny but just probably not gonna happen
mouse clicks you guys should look at
moving the mouse clicks from full click
action to soft click action yeah because
this this is a to click trigger there's
a soft click and a full click apparently
if you if you choose soft you know soft
click is like a hair trigger okay
because it played fine for binding of
issac binding of issac I actually don't
think is a good test toward because
binding of isaac isn't a isn't a 360 a
twin stick shooter I started I want to
play it with a real 360 twin stick
shooter to see if I can get all full
range of motion that would be really
cool test finally Isaac was fine just
because then you know the joystick moves
Isaac and that I just pressed the
buttons for shooting so that was not a
good test bad things are happening yeah
yeah that happens doing poorly that
happens yes Emery I am talking about
giving Mike abundant when I say another
Blue Moon I mean giving Mike a whole
bunch of Blue Moon beer and hope that
he's drunk enough to stay here with us
that is that's exactly my plan
yeah I've been playing a lot of tf2 with
the controller just cuz that is my game
of choice and I feel like that will give
me a really good idea of how it handles
as a first-person shooter which i think
is really important and you know that's
a fast enough game and it's a game I
know well enough where I can feel
comfortable trying it out and so far
I've been doing all right
I actually I was playing a sniper
earlier not in the stream but just in
life and you know sniping no headshots
but you know hittin people which is good
Oh FTL could be an interesting test
that's true that's you know I that's
basically rich in eyes plan because we
you know this is the next prereq episode
is talking about this brawler and
literally our only plan is just to play
as many games with it as humanly
possible
every single type of game like can this
be your one controller I mostly want to
see if I can get it comfortable if I can
be comfortable playing an FPS on this
whereas I am totally not with a
controller like it on 60 commands like I
will never fucking play Halo solely
because of you'd have to play with a
controller xmax
except for the first one metaphor
whatever technically
wasn't technically the first Halo and I
was a Mac only I want to say that might
be true or the game Halo was based off
it had a PC release
I know Halo had a PC release but we
think so too hunchback jack we like the
camera seeing this yeah yeah
in fact it this is now how I'm going to
shoot our first four hours of you know
why you get to see all of our
shenanigans but much more game I like
this I like this better than how we shot
the first episode I think eyeshadow Oh
our net our next episode of next four
hours first four hours of it chat more
like this we're we're kind of like
closer maybe beckon might do a green
screen effect out or something but I
like this
I dig this I think does that works
they're saying I was correct hey oh hey
Llewyn was announced for Mac he was
first developed for Mac then Microsoft
bought out Bungie and went straight to
Xbox you know no region originally Halo
was going to be a Mac realtime strategy
game yep I heard that I don't know who's
gonna be Mac that's really funny
obviously things went very differently
things are very literally the exact
opposite real-time strategy Mac it's a
first person shooter Windows only
machine yeah this is as a mouse and
keyboard this is playing pretty decently
right now yeah yeah how does it like how
do you think the trackpad feels on your
thumb like really natural yeah I'm blown
away by the awesomeness of it I mean but
if I can't use a mouse and keyboard
somewhere aren't you aren't you blown
away that like you know isn't it I
always find it more comfortable to hold
a controller the mouse and keyboard II
it's it's a pain in the butt set things
up if you wish to use a mouse and
keyboard on the couch cuz I can do it I
can do it fairly comfortably you gotta
have a board or something for the mouse
and then something to prop up I don't
use your keyboard is a keypad either on
my knee or preferably a pillow or
something but if I could grab this that
would be a lot more convenient
I see like even for me if I'm at my desk
like just leaning back in my chair I you
know I like having like just having the
controller there was a halo RTS spin-off
I want to say wasn't it um oh god I know
nothing about the Halo universe oh I'm
just not gonna
I can talk but oh that's what it is halo
wars wait I don't need something I'm
doing it again
great um I don't know if we're gonna get
to the seventh guests this month
first spooky tober I I don't I'm sorry I
don't know if we're gonna get to it I
forget if the 7th guest is a straight-up
point-and-click it wasn't more of a
puzzle game I think in a way it can go
fuck it's it's a it's a point-and-click
but they said like I think someone said
that like every puzzle is relegated to
its own room so you never have to like
pick something up and then take it to
new different rooms so it's like a
point-and-click puzzle little thing but
it's supposed to be spooky maybe we'll
get to it I I have no plans I know I'm
not here next Sunday and you know
Wednesday we have something planned I'm
sure and next Sunday I'm not here and
then we have Wednesday and then that's
it then then that spooky tober and I
really want us to play that a house on
the haunted tail board game because
that's super spooky like spooky
everywhere and like this this is the
look at their skeletons this is like
this is a mix rich of spooky Tober the
steam controller you know what was
spooky
trying to figure out how the steam
controller works that was really spooky
a little spooky that was a little
spooktacular
yeah so basically you solve an abstract
puzzle in each room which unlocks more
rooms in the mansion until you win the
game actually that sounds kind of neat
you know what you need something for
Wednesday I think we haven't figured out
Wednesday I know Wednesday's Back to the
Future day and there are any kind of
good back to future game we applied
things really bad
something with time travel there's
probably something with time travel we
could play but I don't know I know Back
to the Future 2 is playing at my local
movie theater Wednesday night just to
the kit they couldn't be bothered to do
a free movie is a marathon Wow
what the fuck - is the one you want to
do it's that it's the Back to the Future
2 day right yeah you don't like betrayal
at house on the hill I I love betrayal
at house on hell that's the game I'm
talking about it's so much fun you build
the house as you as you go and it's
randomly generated like the cards on the
board game betrayal a thousand male and
then depending on like what happens in
what rooms you're in when a certain
thing happens that that's what dictates
like what kind of game it is there's
like 50 options for what like the spooky
bad guy is and you never know what it's
gonna be it's super fun it is super
super fun
the chant goes into subscriber mode
every once in a while if the mods think
that the chant is getting a little crazy
yeah usually leave that up to the mods
that is a perk of subscribing if the
chat gets a little crazy
obviously it's like that's part of their
call we can do twister twister is a
pretty fun game yeah you wanna do
twister on Wednesday
why would I want to twister what does
that have to do back to the future I
don't think they know makers I think
you're wrong about betrayal at house in
the hell being dependent on luck you
know it's it's new every time I think
you can be you can be lucky in the game
but there are there are ways around it
I've been playing a lot of the the
Marvel legendary game recently the
deck-building shield Marvel game and
really enjoying that that's been my my
board game of choice lately and it's
extra nice because it has a two-player
mode so Lisa and I can just play if it's
just us cuz we're nerds and we like the
board games
even do a monkey yeah munchkin is fun
money you know what munchkin is a really
great way to get people into it's it's
very simple light and cute and yet
there's a ton of different munchkin
cards and I think that's that was one of
the first games that we played to help
to help get some friends into the deck
building genre and and work very well
also the Penny Arcade deck building game
is very fun very fun and lots of lots of
crude humor ask rich about the tell-tale
back to the future that's a recent game
about back to you very dialogue heavy as
far as game goes it's just like mostly
walking around talking to people
yep and we'll be talking over it yep I
thought about it yeah I kind of ruled it
out and is that the one with their voice
acting - well Michael J Fox the
impersonator sounds great though yeah
bridges of riches playing this game
which is generally a mouse and keyboard
game with the steam controller and later
I will be playing some platformers with
the controller
we're not gonna play Chrono Trigger fuck
off
mixed with Alana flake an hour a night
you really want me to shit all over
another beloved game mmm they probably
think about that they do they love it
they love it they love to hate rich
that's true they love the hate and then
when we hate they love to hate our a
it's like a it's like a hate tornado hey
don't hate NATO we're just still getting
it we're gonna as soon as he's done
playing we're gonna we're gonna get
riches feeling with thoughts hopes and
dreams about using this controller for
this game I'm okay using that for this
game yeah sorry that was easy
he's okay with it do you think going
forward that this will replace your
mouse and keyboard no no I mean for this
game like you wanna pick up this know if
I'm at my desk I'm still gonna use my
mouse yeah yeah oh but I've used this
for a few hours yeah saying much so it
has it hasn't immediately one you are no
okay I was never going to happen what if
it did what if it was so amazing
well it's not well I mean it could have
is all I'm saying
are you okay me yeah of course
hey sure no no never I mean I'm fine I'm
fine okay why what's up yeah it was
gonna what's going on is I'm trying to
kill thee sculpting them how's that
working for you
Oh poorly no okay poorly this guy is too
little help to do anything
great now rich doesn't look like he's
jerking up we're gonna just that camera
next time no because then like buddy old
pal
I don't want I don't want our crotches
in the shot that's important to me
it's important to everybody that's
important to everyone not to have our
crotches in the shot and you happen to
have the controller directly in front of
your crotch so yeah that's why I was
doing it up here I gotta do what's
comfortable
I know people's down well what sit down
well I'm just googled it down well game
a curious game about a young person
falling battling enemies with gun boot
swats collecting treasures and sometimes
visiting shops who it's on iOS it's on
iOS Android and PC three bucks three
bucks on iOS
okay simple responsive controls designed
for mobile from the ground up and
procedurally generated all right yeah
that sounds like exactly my kind of jam
eggs early gun boobs now gun boots to
get gun beats gun boobs boobs
you can choose to upgrade them but then
your character will slowly lose health
with back problems I mean that could
totally be a Japanese game gun boobs I'm
sure it already is is there a gun boobs
game yes of course there is a gun boobs
game oh yeah I would get it for Steam
but like just thinking about playing
games on the phone you know fuck it on
the phone procedurally generated
pixelated twin-stick shooter it's it is
know how to fix elated I need to fix
later but it's not a twin shape twin
stick shooter there's an XCOM styled
Ghostbusters game called ghost control
Inc okay I'm writing this down I know
that's really a Ghostbusters game the
thing officially licensed Ghostbusters
Dean monarch gustibus team list makes me
feel goon Arrakeen we've already talked
about how little we care about the Star
Wars poster no fucks
it's fucking poster poster get over
yourself we don't care about it I'm very
I'm very sorry and I hope that seeing
the poster like fills you with joy but
we're done we're don't care I'm dead
I've played rocket League with the steam
controller it's fine it's absolutely
fine I did not utilize any of the
special pads while playing rocket leaves
oh I'm basically I'm just dead
yeah yeah okay ghost control was a
kick-started game is it still in early
access no ghost busting makes me feel
good good it that makes me feel good
them every once in a while I guess
Buster's no no no no no no no no nah
this is if anyone if anyone if anyone
has ever seen pork pork in space I do
that I love doing the Lionel voice no no
my name is line L dinner
pork pork pork pork yeah I love that
pork parking space boys that's that is
one of my favorite voices is that Lionel
voice living sometimes sometimes it
makes me giggle so much that it makes a
day worth it if it's been a rough day
I'll just start talking like this hmm
I like SpaghettiOs it makes me giggle
it makes me giggle
he's making I make myself laugh
constantly I am the person that finds me
the funniest no one will ever find me as
funny as I do there's your problem no
one will ever find me as funny as I do
and I'm okay with them oh speaking of
have you seen the new Muppets no you
know what there's a quality or is it
unqualified dolts yeah and I guess I
wasn't expecting that I was thinking
it'd be more like the original Muppets
which was more like Keita orientated but
still had salt insulted in pepper pepper
tin not salted in it Oh
peppered in adult humor this is 100%
like an adult sitcom yeah yeah that's
fine
I think the fans are all at this point
sure but you know it made it it just I
don't know it lost some of the charm for
me that way they lost some of the heart
so I was like like I guess I just didn't
really care kids don't care about the
Muppets yeah but then I don't care about
them because like to me then it stops
because it stops having that heart and
it's just about like Kermit getting over
his bad relationship with Miss Piggy
it's like I don't care about that
they're fucking Muppets here I don't
care that Kermit has a new girlfriend
fuck it man
when you hate it so I will probably you
know what it's great you know I'm sure I
will love it because you hate Farscape I
don't understand that yeah yeah you
might I mean I'm not saying it's bad is
it just definitely wasn't what I was
expecting you know yeah and so maybe
just my expectations were so off then
watching it almost made me feel weird
like yeah you know
like it's it's about Kermit's working
relationship with Miss Piggy
now that they've broken up Fozzie Bear
has a girlfriend whose parents are
slightly bear racist bear racist yeah
yeah they're specious they're specious
as well there yeah and it's very it's
very strange it's it's a it's very much
in the style of wedding color it's like
mockumentary style yeah and it's it was
just a little a little off
she asked off off enough yeah I didn't
much care for first deep yeah oh I'm
sorry for opening up what's yours I'm
not supposed to care its parody I don't
think it is parody I think they're
trying to legitimately do it and I've
only seen one episode so maybe it
changes after episode 1 but episode 1
was not a parody or not a very good
parody because they never seemed to be
making fun of the style trappings it's
the muff as' that's-- oh that's a good
way of putting it
this was great the Memphis yeah the
jokes aren't there jokes out there the
heart's not there it's I would not call
it a parody
satire no it's not a satire either they
are legitimately going for this style
and I don't think the jokes are there to
necessitate it exactly it's like the
office or 30 rock but their Muppets
which is fine I like I understood what
the premise was but you know it just
wasn't wasn't for me probably won't be
watching any more of it
what makes me feel good doing the pork
pork force doing the line of voice makes
me feel good you know what makes me feel
good what Boston Boston Boston makes me
feel good plus it makes me feel good
yeah yeah
lots of things make me feel good
went for a nice walk in the woods today
that felt pretty good yeah
not you know cuz that is it's like great
fall weather today where it's just cold
enough where you can go outside in a
jacket and not be too warm move on
you're walking on fuck itself great that
was really nice coffee makes me feel
good and I enjoy drinking coffee it's
not cold enough to make hot coffee at
home and I like that that makes me feel
good
rocket League makes me feel good even
when I'm not doing very well I always
have fun to him and playing rocket woo
you know mostly busting
ah fuck you you little piece of shit
trying to kill that man and it just
wasn't working out for baby okay you
know I enjoy fall and winter I I like I
like the snow I like the cold I like I
like winter
I'm a fan I'm a fan of it's the worst
it's just the worst
it's fine it's okay we have
disagreements in this thing we're going
we're rich is playing this to get a feel
for the controller we will change games
people hate the game
when don't people hate thanks people
always hate things people always hate
the things we do and we're did you just
can't you wait till Ritchie's done with
this thing and then we'll change the
games everybody settle down settle them
very capable orderly okay No
I think everyone would die if they spent
too much time outside in the winter I
don't think that's just huge a Bauman's
beer but I still like it yeah maybe
that's it like I because I work from
home most of the time like I never I'm
too worried about leaving my house maybe
that's why I like winter but I even like
driving in winter it's all crazy you
know what that's like that's like hard
mode dry winter like everyday driving
gets boring everyone's annoying you no
more challenge I'm half vampire half
clown maybe stop missing the 80% shots
you fuck-ups
what am I not paying you for
right we'll star wars ever stop for
making money yes and it will happen I
think sooner than a lot of people
realize you know I think kind of our
generation is prime Star Wars generation
you know you know what once popular
franchise isn't making any kind of money
anymore
what gilgamesh the epic of gilgamesh
homers Homer's Odyssey is right behind
it ours Odyssey if not nothing happened
in there much lately
ah there you go you know every to
everything there is an end to everything
there is an end every giant must fall
eventually
so yes it will it'll happen it'll happen
once our nostalgia starts to wane I
don't think that the next generation
doesn't have as much love for it or they
have ironic love for it so it'll it will
slowly it will it will slowly meander to
a clumsy death
everything that happens do you know that
what do they say like speaking of brands
that are doing then this is the first
year that um McDonald's will lose
franchises yep yeah
every they've grown they've grown every
single year except for this one this is
the first downward year it's not easy to
stay on top as it is let alone stay on
top forever forever forever people don't
realize how long forever is now the
question is yeah will Star Wars stop
being popular stop making money in your
lifetime that is a different question
that's a better question that's a better
question will Star Wars stop making
money within our lifetime so we like
assuming we have an average life that's
another one 4050 years hmm I'm gonna say
yes I'm gonna say I'm gonna say at least
at the tail-end Star Wars won't be the
money-making powerhouse that it is now
III I'm inclined to agree hmm but what
do I know
we know nothing I'm an idiot we know
nothing of the business side and you
know I think the other thing is now that
it's owned by Disney like Disney likes
that it makes money but it also has like
every other franchise that makes money
and so they can take turns you know take
a little while shell shell Star Wars
push Marvel a little bit you know take a
little shove that push Pixar a little
bit they
go back to star wars if they have the
restraint to do that now they might just
keep running it into the ground one of
all of them gonna make a picture every
year Oakland everybody wrote one huh oh
dear oh god rose one will open opposite
Ironman 5 and the Pixar new short it's
gonna be huge
while we're simultaneously pulling out
daredevil season 18 yeah new Star Wars
ranked oz bag so you can whack up into
the bag would see the appeals picture on
it that was cup catcher is the r2d2
fleshlight it beeps with every thrust
look good we do something I just I can't
move him oh I didn't know if we had to
stop the bid because he were doing no no
no no no keep on I I just I was confused
why I couldn't move for a second there
something speaking speaking games you're
on Princess Leia fresh light 2015
version oh it's just some others 1977
versions
nobody's rides 2015 ones so strange
sounds phrase that's actually uh that's
actually something that we do with the
boys toys is you know we get it we had a
lot of toys especially around birthdays
and Christmas right they open them up
they usually forget about half of them
so the ones that we noticed they're not
playing with literally we just take them
out of the play area and put them in a
closet somewhere and then like midway
through the year we'll just start
swapping toys and then it's like they
have fresh brand-new toys all year round
they love it I think if they knew we
were doing it they wouldn't they would
want all of their toys all the time but
because we hide some of them and refresh
as needed they they end up playing with
more of their toys so you know Disney
just just saying heads-up call me you
need to help hiding your franchises I
know a great clot I know a great closet
boys toys does sound like a female punk
band here right it's I mean it's true if
anyone has kids or has been around kids
you know like they usually have like a
an area full of toys and half of them
more than half they never touch to
choose one toy that's their favorite of
the week
hide them give them back to him later
it's almost like they get presents twice
it's great like we you think I like to
be practical and more importantly I like
to be cheap don't we uh mm-hmm why can't
you humor does he for you what I'm
talking about oh I use some once already
this way I can't do anything all right
all right
I'm Bink dumb big dumb dummy he big dumb
dummy
can use my mega archers to kick some ass
no thanks around try things are on track
great you doing it my dad used to hide
our toys that's what my kids will tell
their therapist one day they don't know
all they know is one day they get new
toys they don't even remember them from
Christmas or whatever hey I don't
remember
oh I haven't played with this in so long
I love playing with this now whereas if
they would have had it the whole time it
would have been like oh that's stupid
thing I hate that stupid toy
we need new toys you need this new
stylus cup kitchen $39.99 here's the
pitch here's the pitch
okay the lightsaber fleshlight it has a
kinetic response so with every thrust
you build up battery power so after you
jerk off it glows in the dark huh huh
get your sword fight on then get your
lightsaber fight on you can play with
your friends well I like it but be
careful how we market the force with
these Star Wars sex toys we'll be very
careful about the wording in our ads you
can't use too much force you can't use
too much force
coming up next a line of Star Wars date
rape drugs may the force be with you oh
I'm so fired you never die ever
apparently not in my lifetime
you sent us an inquiry what
well I by Star Wars stories for my good
oh I already have I got you know my
we're a big Lego house and I've already
seen a couple like of the new lego sets
on sale here in there I'm grabbing them
already for Christmas and stuff so of
course I mean then we're gonna go see it
we're gonna go see the new Star Wars
movie they recently re-watched the
original trilogy and are super into Star
Wars I mean the only trilogy as far as
I'm telling them it's the only trilogy
that's great
I'm not telling them that the prequels
exist I fully applaud that movie right I
don't know if I've talked about that on
screen before but as far as my boys are
concerned the own the only movies are
the original trilogy we what did we see
recently they have that that Star Wars
rebels show yeah it's pretty it's
alright it's a kids show but it's
alright Bobby well I would buy
blood-borne toys for my kids oh pardon
me absolutely fucking 80% chance John
you fucker so so ya know we saw it we
saw the original trilogy and they loved
it and the thing that surprised me most
was how much they loved Empire Strikes
Back
really even as children oh yeah and way
more than Episode four way more than a
new hope they were so into Empire you
know why cuz Luke Skywalker fight
started yeah oh yeah much better battles
like 80% more spaceships all about the
spaceships you know like there is that
cool there's the cool asteroid scene is
Cloud City great stuff
great stuff when you send me an inquiry
about what is it in the messages what's
happening
what did they think of July as related
to Empire oh you know what I think they
were into Empire more billing over in
Jedi over Jedi absolutely that's
shocking I don't know like I don't know
if they were if they were just kind of
like you know we watched all of them
throughout the course of a week so I
don't know if they were if they I mean
they liked it but I felt like they were
more into Empire they enjoyed it they
didn't have much to say about the Ewoks
and I thought that was gonna be the big
selling point for him huh
but they liked it but I felt like they
were this is gonna sound weird I felt
like they were more they're paying
attention more to Empire you just use
why disbelief oh I just want to believe
that episode for you oh by comparison a
new hope is incredibly boring like it's
very slow it's very very slow oh you
know what and I'm seeing sorry everybody
I'm seeing like a bunch of messages in
our in our other folder on Twitch so I'm
sorry if I have not gotten back to you
if you've sent us a message on twitch
that which is really bad about what they
think is spam so everything goes to the
spam folder and I'm just saying now that
we have a bunch in here
I'm responding to a couple of you right
now
but you are spam that one is spam
doo-doo-doo-doo this is exciting
I'm getting back to your messages it's
probably a bad level to start with what
do this oh yeah something super
meticulous about it not quick that's
okay that's okay I need to take a moment
and get back to these you guys know how
important it is for me we'll be done
will be done short light too good for
everybody hates this game yeah I got a
clear shot of the bridge now
great
it's important to me to respond to
messages that I feel need a response I
think I've talked about this before and
I feel really bad that I that I haven't
been checking this folder so if you sent
me a message on twitch and haven't heard
back from me check your messages now cuz
I'm getting back to you oh right now
live chat what was he helping him
you ever heard my slo-mo voice no if you
like Jam the front of your tongue behind
your teeth and kind of make it curl up
you can do a really great slo-mo voice
there we go
this is what I pay $4.99 a month for
that's why I decided to do the slow-mo
voice I thought you might like that
better than me replying to replying to
twitch message Casper Jack makes himself
laugh all the time
it's it's what I do just most of the
time I just deal with it just deal that
it's it's all you can do you no one can
stop me no one can stop me from laughing
at myself
it's terrible it's terrible terrible
okay what's going on what's happening
come on is this what's going on what's
going on what's going on is you get to
play a platformer what yes what now that
everybody hates this wonderful game
because probably the least exciting
level to start off right because it's
pretty slow read that message and you
decide if you want to respond to that
zero who is that from the Brier the
Brier your chances are zero I probably
should have gone to spam what do you
guys want you want spelunky or Super
Meat Boy the choice she is your

[Part IV]
we got speed Lancs and we got supe meets
all the things we got all the things
from all the places skulls of the Shogun
cartoon series what my god just love
these icons I really do like the life of
the icons look at how long it takes to
scroll through everything
what are they saying I think what I'm
going to go to the bottom what a
non-steam games look like a lot of games
this is I mean I I also made links to
games that are non-steam it's like this
is like 30 years of gaming sure like
what's a non-steam game the brutal doom
I got a link to that Tron 2.0 that's a
non doom game it's just really dumb
thief deadly shadow thief middle-aged if
gold thief Cola had something well yeah
it's got a picture but it's definitely
not a steam game I don't know that steam
yeah hey what did it what are you saying
Jen I want to play it's belenki or Super
Meat Boy meat meat what steamos looks
like Python quake 4 question mark yeah
no that's that's not the Steam version
great game one of the last fps is I
really enjoyed I'm seeing more Super
Meat Boy than I am spelunky I am - ok
great
Super Meat Boy so this is a test this is
a test of the steam controller on a
ultra tight platformer accuse the
triggers you can skip by letter so for
my non big box list
Super Meat Boy sure everything working
darn it let's try that again
I love zoomy boy
configure a controller as a game pad
great I don't super me play
have you played this at all oh yeah we
played this little bit shockingly so
Super Meat Boy just came to ps4 and Vita
this is exactly where I am in my V to
play through I don't know what that says
obviously we're just gonna start from
the beginning just so I can get a feel
for the controller but oh I know
whatever the default is just to see the
responsiveness like it is there any any
input lag is this yours this mean let's
save I unless you were playing my game
it's my safe okay hold on need to update
what we're playing yeah super meat
search Super Meat Boy okay update good
alright before you launch a game you can
configure the controller I don't know
the jacks even gonna config the
controller know why I did well and here
here's actually something that I learned
the first day I had the gamepad which
was really upsetting to me which was you
you can only config the controller in
this overlay if you try to config it
before you start the game it doesn't
work correctly no that's what I learned
the first day okay and it was really
upsetting because I thought I had a
broken controller okay
does the controller work we haven't
tried a non-steam game tonight it
doesn't work with non Steam games
supposedly it does something I'll
probably look into later when I try to
get brutal doom running right oh yeah
sliding up that wall
our first person testing I'd ended up
being portal 2 yep hi this this is
working great which definitely take some
getting used to
oh god yeah shouldn't you announce
subscribers yeah yeah probably sooner or
later we usually do that at the end of
the night yeah yeah so it feels alright
I mean I'm just I'm just using the
joystick in the buttons so it doesn't
really matter actually I'm almost
curious is what it would what it would
feel like using this we need to see if
that would work as a d-pad well yeah
well you know what let's give it a try
well it's uh oh wait can I just do that
oh right now it has pressed down for
d-pad I might have the game audio turned
off in game because I tend to play games
while listening to other things
oh do they not hear any audio yeah go to
the Start menu dude options yeah I got
it so Dada like five
there you go yeah great
oh it has like touch out oh yeah what
happens if we change this to joystick
move okay oh wait I want to an haptics
on any chance we're reviewing soma no
this is just the first four hours of oh
interesting which I don't think the rest
of the game would be significantly
different for our opinions to change
much but who knows Oh weird alright this
is important talk about your experiences
okay so I basically I just switched it
to where the this left pad controls it
and you know I can control just by
touching I don't have to press down on
anything and this left pad I don't know
if you guys can see this
it's kind of like very it's very strange
especially like if you're used to a
controller wait
set it to d-pad and turn off require and
click yeah required click is off okay
all right I just said it as a control
stick but I'm not clicking down on I'm
just rubbing my finger against it and
it's working great it's a bit it's just
very strange I don't know if I like it
just because it's that like it feels
like it might be too late couldn't hear
a thing when you were next to the camera
apparently so what I was saying is that
I'm just rubbing my finger against it
sorry that you couldn't the microphones
are I don't know I don't know if if if
that can like if I could use that that's
actually just too much fun movement Bob
you have to go all the way now where you
kind of want to try try without going
although see what happens see what
happens see what your brain does brain
doesn't know anything sometimes right
all right no idea to me like I'm kind of
just spazzing all the way
it works it works and it's very
responsive by the way the stream is
frame per second is like 20 that's weird
looks fine here I'll see that I see that
you know what that might be
look I wonder if there's a vsync there's
always a vsync oh you know that might be
is because like we're doing a screen
capture
maybe you just switch to game all right
we could yeah cuz we won't be messing
with the controllers too much so yeah
get rid of monitor capture - you got a
game yeah okay we're gonna fix it so you
guys can actually see the game we don't
know we don't know anything I need that
the truth click back a meat boy
okay all right know something now
something's not working
beep oh I might have crashed
let me put me by crash I can't close
close close close we have to click OK on
the everything yeah well it's not
letting me I'm not getting up anything I
can't scroll over there it's bad it's
all bad bad things are happening
close
No
and of course the mouse won't go
anywhere other move the tax practice Bob
right cuz you know why all right
big picture mode no really big picture
mommy's clothes Steve that there's two
steams open things are not things are
not working out well oh you know what
you didn't click end task with Super
Meat Boy you clicked new task you did I
saw it like look create new task
rich clicked the wrong button one of
them may have been the wrong button they
were all no there's no there's not even
a create new task no no you click to
that blue button down okay we're gonna
see this later cuz it's recorded
everything's recorded that's fun there
you go I guess
wait what are we streaming that okay our
again we're gonna take a moment thing I
used you play okay
you can't hear if you can't see the game
say something mr. Beebe's Optimus no
that German dude unpowered drop purple
space bazooka tabarak big pop hi I'm
sorry what Pig Popeye Popeye yeah
general Gore future future J default
player one and rail means rail ultime
serve beer meister 2089 hell ken jo
magnus pu huh hunchback jack emery 801
nastyplot sky dandy 13 months in a row
brad is a geek baby slayer one five six
thirteen months in a row tired and sad
and the rising sun thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do another it was
another more than there's another year
or more person dammit I'm gonna call
that out but I don't want to all tab
because of all the problems we had last
time I all tabbed but wherever you were
that had more in here thank you for
having more than a year we really really
appreciated barter Kim and her steam
controller both of them both of them and
we appreciate that
this this means we're probably ending
relatively soonish but it's just
something night i doing now while Jack's
playing this I don't know how long you
mean to play this but I think this is
the last thing we're gonna play oh yeah
I don't know if I can get used to the
touchpad for something like this switch
back to the analogues you want but
you're playing with the the wacky one
right now I'm playing with the touchpad
yeah so you know like touchpad goes left
and right and it's it's definitely yeah
it's I think it's more meant for like
first-person shooter type movement I
don't know even then like when I use the
joy pen very sticky a little knob I'd
rather have both from the same plane the
same thought style
weird maybe even this even it's like
this joystick is like I don't know if
this the stick feels slightly longer
than what I'm used to you know and that
could just be in my head can you switch
to the oh you did yeah so right now I'm
using the stick and so you don't like a
lack of a deeper essentially that's bad
oh um I had a bet happy if they had a
d-pad instead of analog stickers what's
the what's the point of having that kind
of pad thing which could perfectly do an
analog style movement if you're just
gonna stick an analog stick on there
anyway right
it seems redundant at this point they
should have gone with a d-pad I think
that earlier when I saw that just had
four buttons there yeah it was a better
idea I did it do an auto tab over
unpowered raindrop at 13 months in a row
thank you
was she pitch thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
that's true 13 months in a row I missed
I had a good stream 13 months ago oh
yeah that was that one I run one stream
one stream wasn't everyone with 13
months what's true was it was like the
one stream we got audio working that was
the first room that we got audio working
correctly and someone said I think they
can do this
whoa whoa right into it that happens
yep that happens that happens a lot
13 months ago was the all-nude stream oh
yeah someone's saying might have been
the mother get a question marks I'm not
sure which builds PC Mahan may have been
oh yeah this a mic
FTL's not a terrible guess an SPL stream
guys when you screamed it a lot we did
stream that a lot oh my god it's takes
some getting used to right I'm no good
at this game
I love this game doctor starting from
the first world oh well that was just
till I get my all your ball bearings
your meat bearings my meat bearings now
it's like we need some now we need
something something else I need a little
something something and obviously you
can see how well I'm doing
Master I'm sure we'll do FTL again at
some point about while ill they have
been a while
I literally just played this level like
yesterday and beat it you know like I
don't remember how I got putting east
using D pants I mean so using V pads I'm
definitely used to using depends
oh my god actually I just did that with
the touch man what are your feelings on
mobiles
I haven't played one mediator I haven't
played one all the Mo's out there
everyone's been playing it for like 20
years now and there's just no way I can
are those the things where you just
furiously click on things over and over
it sounds terrible
it sounds really terrible right
blap-blap-blap
turn you to a conehead Brant lamp
it's Nick Mark Clark I am from France
all right go there we go not an A+ but
I'll take it
okay this is my favorite part every game
needs this everything watch all your
debts at once it's amazing that's the
best part
what I could easily be wrong about MOBAs
I just I'm not a big multiplayer gamer
everybody knows this about means not
something I'd typically get in dude I'm
sorry I'm sure there's more than just
clicking on things I'm sorry but I'm I'm
sure you also have to admit that there's
a lot of clicking on things I never
claimed to speak from a place of
authority nope
I mean first of all they must be good
games you know why everyone that
everyone plays a minister selling like
hot can't just not be anything I think
that you know what I think that does
mean something I think there must be
some sort of general quality control or
maybe lowest common denominator or
lowest kind of you know I've never
played it might be right
I'm just saying high sales don't mean
quality and I think it's who are
unrelated here's the real metric is dota
2 is Gabe Newell's favorite game okay
it's got to be worth something
hey this is good this is good to meet
boys the controller does feel funny only
because like I'm so used to holding an
Xbox 360 controller or a ps4 controller
where it's like my hands have yet to
morph into this shape I don't know that
makes any sense then you gotta get on
the top of that thing and then from
there jump okay
you beaten this game ages ago these
no no no no almost
oh whoa in there
saved by the platform that I didn't know
is there so any any progress from
binding of issac 110% oh my god right
now I'm at a I'm at a glorious negative
70 win streak and I might be giving up
hope ever ever obtaining this sorry
it's that the lost is so fucking tough
you have to you know you can't get hit
even once oh you got the loss though I
did get the lost I did that bandage girl
I got banded I got the level 4 bandage
girl and super meatboy I did it
someone showed me a really neat trick on
how to do it yeah not how I was trying
to do it with the with a horseman hmm
but I uh I got this certain thing where
I could basically spawn pickups and then
re-roll them all in an infinite amount
and it works great and so I got them I
it has not unlocked the achievement for
getting them which is apparently a known
glitch in the ps4 and Vita version I'm
sorry but it shows that I got them okay
but I just haven't gotten the trophies
for them which again which is another
just bullshit well you never get them in
the achievements yeah I don't know there
are some workarounds but I'd stay with
the chief that's stupid achieve on this
thing ever but the achievements for
Isaac are different because you need
them in order to win the game
okay
how do you do this oh this is gonna be
tough
Hey
it's not registering my my jumps I'm
sure it is I'm just I'm sure I'm not
I'm just not pressing them but Oh Sigma
Sigma Bo you should have just known
better than that
fuck that there's an item that lets you
get hit as the lost oh yeah I also item
combos that kill the room pretty much as
you enter all right oh yeah there are
ways to do it and you know a lot of it
is just that luck of the items rather
there is an item that negates the first
hit you get in every room okay
and so obviously that would be super
helpful there is there's an item that
gives you nine lives even if you're the
loss which would be super helpful yeah
and yeah like I said there are just
those those specific nope the expansion
come on no not yet so you can't you
can't complete the game what do you mean
you can't get all everything done 100
whatever percent because there's more to
do now once this expansion comes out
yeah they will be but it's not out yet
it's not out yet so I could do it
theoretically but you totally don't
totally do it
I think the expansion comes out soon I'm
thinking about it I like I want it I
want it bad fuck you fuck you I want to
do a marathon
I want to stream it just to prove to
everyone that I got meatboy and banette
Europe I'll show them they'll show them
the card that says I got it we should
stream and then you can't stop streaming
until you beat it with the loss until at
least until I beat mom I'm good I'll be
I'd be happy if I'm right at this point
I'd be happy if I'd just be mom and I
got to mom once as the lost what do you
have to beat with loss to win again
everything yep it's a mega super duper
Satan yep you have to be you have to be
mom then you have to be mom and mom's
heart then you have to be mom and mom's
heart and the devil then you have to be
mom and mom's heart and the devil and
question mark question mark rush mark
then you have to be mom's mom's heart
huh you can't do this all in one run
you could do it theoretically oh my god
now I'm just dying theoretically if you
got like all the mega grade items yeah
you could do a lot of them on one room
you know like he could be mom mom's
heart all in one run right but right now
I would just be happy with beating mom
rich is like every popular kid in school
you you didn't know me in school my name
was not synonymous with popularity
of a wedding cabin book nerds
super-popular gasps fuck you fuck you
fuck you
no no no I'm very good I thought you had
at that time I'm gonna get past as well
I am that's the thing that is happening
tonight I want you know that I hope you
didn't have any plans of going anywhere
anytime soon
no no I want to jump that gun nope fuck
yeah that's a new place to fail that's
what I look for new and exciting ways to
fail because if you're not failing
you're not at least consistently getting
there I know
nope I mean I knew I was gonna die right
there I just waited you know okay now
you're just getting nervous right tell
me I'm coming Wow
I don't know what makes me run so fast
there what are there any good super
meatboy speedruns online and how often
do they die I'm sure millions times
speed run huh
speed run stop it
you think the ultimate way of speed run
this would have minimized deaths oh oh I
mean I I didn't I thought you were
talking about speedrunning just
individual love no no oh the game I
don't know you have to be pretty sick
you're pretty pretty bad there there are
freaks of nature out there that is true
psyching myself out
super meatboy no death run never gonna
happen nothing not for me I thought
you're gonna choke at the end oh that's
a great game
yeah this is just great
somebody going on about the complexities
of mobis stream no chat i I don't I I've
never played one I never claimed to be
an expert I just said they look kind of
quickie a dull maybe I'm wrong I'm sorry
Oh
Oh Friday the 13th game on Kickstarter
uh you know what would make you cabin
who needs it
now we talking about like an update of
the nest game are we talking about like
a 3d modern Friday the 13th game yes I
think they're talking about it like an
update to the nest game
you know I learned something on that I
know
wait I remember doing this level maybe
this is somehow your save file that's
seems like it should be unpossible dad
this is my save file yeah Ryan oh I'm I
think I played this level yeah yeah I
don't know
part of our being able to share games or
something I don't know I'm assuming you
have it on the cloud
yeah but also like I'm playing this on
the ps4 you know like oh yeah yeah I
don't know
you
I passed that 3d multiplayer one versus
seven yeah that's kind of cute yeah for
the Friday the 13th three somebody would
be Jason yeah
not not super excited but I'm not no J's
the war guy yeah he would be yeah he
probably dig that idea but he's not a
game guy he still probably wouldn't want
to see it he would want yes Jay would
want to watch it somewhere in the back
of his head he might ponder of what it
would be like if he played video games
that could be the thing that that
awakens it in his in his mind's not
gonna happen not gonna happen at all
you're either a video gamer or you are
not fuck are we for the most part the
oldest gamers what do you mean weird
that right age where gaming just kind of
started to take off me especially you
know I mean deal I got in on what do you
mean by gamer you know like there are
people who are older than us that play
games many though what what percentage
of people older than us play games
frequently how many how many 45 year
olds play a ton of video game right
everything the 45 you're hitting like a
pong arrows maybe I got down there many
50 year olds they game us there's a 50
year olds who own a ps4 well I'm sure
there there's some but yeah not many not
many but we're of an aged me especially
is I'm a little bit older than like one
of the one of the earliest generations
where you grew up with games yeah yeah
true that
had the pac-man bedsheets you had
pac-man bedsheets yeah that's adorable
it was it was better fucking believe it
was fucking pac-man keeping me company
keeping the ghosts oi at night man a
couple pellets you know what I mean save
a couple pellets one man pack
I'm not 45 but I'll be there soon enough
less than 10 years
nope nope nope never never demonize
older ages cuz you'll you'll be there
soon enough if you're lucky or you'll be
dead
45 yeah and then you're 45 and then what
then what ass 545 that's now 65 that's
yeah I mean I mean 95 oh where do I see
gaming and 500 years I don't know back
to the future - couldn't even peg 9 2015
you know that was only 25 30 the
original movie one of the one or two
c'mon 89 you know I have no memory for
such things
ha go fuck the flock
Oh what do they say what's gonna just
what's going on all right
birdies numbers 85 I'm talking about two
though one was back to meet you too Sam
I think that was 89 yeah
losing it
do I think there will be a cure for old
age before I'm an old man no look if
they ever do cure old age let's say
let's say let's say we attain
immortality nobody get nobody has to age
anymore can you imagine the problems
that will cause we have we have
overpopulation problems now imagine if
nobody fucking dies oh yeah if we cured
old age our new problem would be how
would we curb birth yes
no one could be born then eventually you
would have just a society that would
stagnate yeah there would be no new
generations because the only way you you
keep the world from getting horrendously
overcrowded as you you make it illegal
tap children right and then you then you
end up in The Hunger Games is kind of
dystopian society which I guess could be
cool yeah yeah you'd have waiting list
people waiting for people to die in
accidental deaths so they could have
like a kid yes and then murders would
happen because of this oh my god by the
way the hitman industry we go through
the room right if you are a good hit man
like you get off somebody to open up a
slot your soul mate dies then you have
to you have to like live for the next
10,000 years before you have your own
accident mm-hmm just be alone I'm sure
there'd be another eventually you would
forget about the most important person
in your life just be nothing to you and
now that that's true like 10,000 years
ago by 100,000 million a hundred million
years ago buyed you do you remember that
person that died ninety-nine point eight
hundred million years ago
right
Oh stupid first wall slide
I can't quite nail it we could colonize
other planets fast enough
I mean your your you're really you're
really doing some phenomenal things to
the birth rate you've got the you've got
the Star Trek insurrection problem with
that planet look about cool
the you having a race of immortals
because that planet should have been
full 18 times over oh yeah
normally normally populations grow
because people have kids but you have a
generation that's dying so nobody's
dying the young people are still having
kids but since the old people aren't
aging the old people are also still
having kids and snowball yes snowball so
even if you're calm you're gonna have to
colonize a lot of other planets and
eventually you're gonna run on ice
oh sure cuz remember like habitable
planets and then you're gonna have these
planets start to go to war with one
another over the resources they need
from the other immortality would lead to
some bad shit yep things must die things
must die in order to progress
I got this guy's I totally got this I
know it might seem like I'm dying a lot
only because I'm dying a lot which
what's your opinion of that star that
might have a Dyson Sphere around it I've
heard nothing about this yet is there a
star that they think might have a Dyson
Sphere around it if so I would love to
hear more it sounds pretty damn cool
what's a Dyson Sphere that's when they
build like a thing around the star to
collect the energy I don't think it has
to be but I know the one time a Dyson
Sphere appeared in Star Trek The Next
Generation it was like a just a whole
thing around the entire star and the
advantage is you you collect every ounce
of power that star produces nothing goes
to waste
infinite energy I'm sure there's still
some kind of entropy going on but yes
you you get a lot of energy
no I knew it I was there I got I got I
got I got excited because I made it past
normally day yes yes Jeff that was the
episode where Scottie made an appearance
on next-gen yep you stay in that don't
jump just stay in that bottom corner
once you're moving stay in that bottom
corner just can't stop moving I'm gonna
remind you on your way up that that's
second wall
stay in the bottom corner yep you stay
in that bottom corner once you get up
there yeah yeah stay in the bottom
corner they don't give me
stay in the bottom corner and stay in
the bottom corner stay in the bottom
corner
nope I did it wrong disappointed by the
lack of star trek talk in the last
commentary I'm sorry turned out we had
things to say about Nightmare on Elm
Street how dare you yes unless that was
that up yeah I may have just build the
base I don't know I don't know what
you're talking about
I'll see what the chat says it's
possible just ended up being a bad
commentary got scrapped I don't know
it's possible anything's possible
I have not seen the Martian movie yet I
planned to at some point it's been up
since yesterday okay I don't remember an
ad for I don't think there was an ad for
this one I think it just went out
interesting yep it's an attempted viral
marketing I don't know I don't know well
you know either they didn't feel like
putting up an ad or they're just testing
their fan base maybe does it matter if
we if we make an ad you know right it's
not like making the ads cost much that's
I guess time yeah just cost time I knew
it I knew I didn't have it as soon as I
jumped off that cliff
nope
everybody memorizing this level all
right it's just like it's it's just that
that timing just a little off every time
this one's gonna be after they didn't
get me to start that I know again t1000
versus odo t1000
nope Oh doh
yeah the wicked guy from deep space 9
c1000 liquid guy from tea space night
deep space 9 could just was a
shapeshifter
yeah yeah t1000 is made of metal get it
together that's a dumb question
next well odo does have access to
phasers and what what a phaser dude with
T with hmm so I might change that but
you know what I'm gonna go with Otto if
he gets to use weaponry no no but that's
only like assuming that the weaponry
does what what what what weaponry are
either of them allowed to have if if
Otto can can use like a phaser rifle
maybe you know maybe that's the edge and
like the t1000 is limited to like nice
Terminator knives or even even a
terminator future pulse rifle thing but
then again the terminators mo is to
blend in with a society they go to and
pick up the weapons yeah well in
terminators aren't allowed to travel for
time with things so the tournaire would
try to acquire weapons the t1000 yeah so
he would probably grab his own phaser
at which point then I would give it to
the t1000 I think no matter what as a
matter of robot aim no matter what you
got to give it to the t1000 odo doesn't
odo have to like sleep in a bowl every
night and so he's weak it's not gonna
sleep during the fight I didn't assume
he would sleep during the fight I'm just
saying there's a t-1000 I have to sleep
no he's made a fucking metal Ottowa can
turn into a bird they just fly away did
you just say he could stay out of the
reach of the metal claws flap around the
ceiling
you know shitting on the Terminator bird
poop all over him right and then
eventually eventually the bird poop
would start mixing in with the liquid
Terminator metal yeah and he would start
to be diluted with bird poop and it
would be like some kind of liquid metal
slash bird poop Terminator
and I imagine eventually that would
start to affect his fighting prowess
good work jack good work
I guess glorious glorious deaths look at
all those guys oh I didn't I didn't
think I was gonna do that I didn't think
I was gonna make it I can't start
another level because like to me maybe
if you started any boy level you have to
finish it how long it's not we can I
think it's done oh my god yeah we've
actually we've been going for quite a
while
thoughts on steam controller initial
thoughts I'm I liked it for like the the
turn-based strategy game I played I
imagined it might work decently for RTS
s2 which I haven't tried yet yeah but
when I was playing skulls of the Shogun
it didn't feel weird Oh
especially different okay pretty normal
for the most part and that's good thing
I think yeah yeah um portal 2 though
I'll have to try and get used to it the
aiming still seems weird to me but I'm
gonna I'm gonna have to a lot of fucking
around with sensitivities first yeah
before I make the call and I'm kind of
with you like I'm not sold on it yet for
coming from a controller and especially
coming from someone who uses a
controller for first-person shooters
there's a couple things that are just
too much of a stretch for me like these
shoulder buttons just too much away from
the trigger and aiming didn't seem and
you know of course I'm not used to it
yet but aiming wasn't so much more
personal no but it could be a lot of
tweaking yeah you know what this has so
far just a bunch of potential yeah yeah
a bunch a bunch of potential Oh totes
can make odo can make bullets go through
him yeah but what about knives because
remember the t1000 is made of knives
what what if the t1000 is using a phaser
is the thing I don't think odorless
phaser proof yeah yeah because because
t1000 is a robot he's gonna win yeah
John Henry irons uh-huh John Henry irons
he'd be the steam machine I forgot what
the competence of log cutting or was a
railroad traders railroad track yeah oh
yeah we're rolling yeah
but then he'd die right after yes but he
still beat the machine double-checking I
don't think so Super Meat Boy crashed
big picture mode I hate you with all of
my heart I hate you with all of my hate
it guitars oh yeah Qatar's oh thank you
for subscribing appreciate it it's true
we really do no I can't because of the
Meat Boy crash I can't properly get to
OBS to shut us I got also like I'm cold
because I can't I can't the mouse won't
move over to the right spot which I feel
cold oh you can't
