Apr 5, 2015
Oddworld, Bloodborne
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4005319
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4005254
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4005261
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4005267
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtWGinylybE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KD3EvHitrB8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmDl3lhRoA4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yy00N6Xkook
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/584757709657935872

[Part I]
ok we're going to be back we're going to
be back now we figured it out so here's
here's the real thing here there's two
strange things about the fraught the
first test to the stream so technically
we did start on time it is now 8 30
exactly so technically speaking we
started exactly on time so for some
reason even though you can go into the
settings here and change all the audio
and as you as you see in my audio
settings everything is said to the
absolute lowest it can be that does not
affect the cutscenes is not crazy why
wouldn't the audio controls affect the
cutscenes so then what I tried doing is
just muting all of the output from the
computer but that didn't work I was
muting it but it was still coming
through like literally my microphone was
on the way OBS works is there's two
audio controls the audio from the game
and the audio from your microphone and
all the audio from the game was muted
but you were still hearing it was
terrible so now hopefully hopefully you
are hearing me and I'm at a normal
volume I turned me up as well because I
know you guys were we're complaining
about that so hopefully you're hearing
me and hearing the game slightly fuck it
refresh I'm here jack audio levels are
great great great we're here then we're
here we're gonna play oddworld Oh what
is that death bot death bot audio levels
are great everything is great right
great great great you just heard me say
great great because I had to mute and
unmute the thing so I can watch this
dream ok here we are tonight shouldn't
the producers of the internet twitch
twitch doesnt mute when I'm you'd but
anyway we're here we're here great
everything's great let's play let's play
oddworld you missed the cut scene
oddworld new and tasty this was a
favorite game of mine on the PS 10
I remember really enjoying this on the
ps1 who did I do it did I do it is it
what is that do you hear that notta low
oh this one great that's loud too I feel
like that's loud I feel like all the
sound effects are very loud and you oh
no rich is coming rich is coming oh
right wrong button favor came well it
was one of my it was a game i put was
that rich are you burping did you hear
that burp I'm freaking out guys I'm
freaking out a little bit all right
audio is good on iron great thank you
everything is terrible did you hear that
belch that belch was real and I don't
know where that came from I think it was
rich but he also um what do I need to do
here tap ex then till tell sideways top
gaps oh just press X would eat whoa hold
l1 to sneak open up sneaking sneaking
yeah reg to climb down sneaking
oh i know i need to sneak past him over
here this is like a strategy game I
think that was rich i think that was
rich burping in my ear do everything
open up don't jump sneak sneak sneak
I've Stalin DLC now I'm pretty sure that
was rich he loved he decided to leave
his skype on so we wouldn't get those
weird you know we get weird audio things
when we start the skype mid-stream butta
uh-oh probably didn't want to do that
what what also I feel like um I feel
like the sound effects are really still
loud you missed another trip to or get
your shit together no no look he's still
alive and everything's fine MA and get
to talk to ya'll guys easier come here
home what's happening good i got them
come here
oh oh nice you get to pray in the game
that's that's Easter appropriate I think
sound effects are fine great
everything's fine if the sound effects
are fine then everything is fine is this
a no detrimental right no this is not a
no death run you have to sit the I knew
that was are you rich I knew he just
needs just popping on to burp ok so the
this is the goal of the game is I need
to save my fellow little guys what are
they called again hold on it'll say on
the sign here say hello to mu Dawkins
being a little bit okay so I need to
save all my mood Dawkins
man and then they'll come Oh nej wait
come back birds yay we did it that I'm
sure does something right directory I'm
sure that does something maybe that's a
map great it's been a long time since I
played this game Jesus perfs right
that's what it feels like it feels like
a Jesus burp mu Dakin what's a mood
aachen this is a mood aachen right here
this guy sneak sneak sneak I got you and
then you need to figure out these little
puzzles come on jump down you go you
need to figure out these little puzzles
and then aiming bring them to the bird
board portal and then you get little yo
so that's it like it's like follow me
wait here yeah it's it's kind of silly
but I kinda love it there we go
nope nope nope not yet night yeah got
one it's adorable nothing you can do
about it it's just adorable
Oh
I'm sure there's a way to like group
select everyone but I don't know what
that is yet and I don't exactly know it
didn't say in the cutscene how I got my
ability I got my ability to like prey
portals or whatever what what what I
what's up tap to crash yeah I thought
you were burping in my ears oh my god
what'd I miss we are we are remembering
how to play oddworld abe's exoddus Oh
rich hello you're so quiet I can't hear
you jack you can't hear me why not wait
hello no that's not making rich that's
on your end I'm working on right now so
I did you talk to Tom Tom think I can
hear you just fine okay we're good now
you can hear me just fine yes oh no I
lost someone so today my my headset is
tied on with a sweater and an old
sweater uh-huh and that's that's
considerably less cumbersome than the
blanket I just grabbed quickly last
stream so that's that's a positive
change sure i was i was playing
blood-borne i almost forgot we were
streaming today yeah yeah why not
hacking up mobsters and then then you
said me sent me a text saying yeah we're
almost ready to go and I'm like oh fuck
uh-huh so I was I was completely
ill-prepared yeah well sure but you know
we were talking about you getting a new
a new headset yeah and you should really
just get on that
that's the thing I would recommend you
get on your playing oddworld I'm playing
oddworld abe's exoddus part of how many
up world games are there three there's
only three maybe four maybe more I don't
know where they all side scrollers I
thought one was more of a well the
roving camera third person kind of thing
so there's this one which was the side
scroller there is munch's oddysee which
is like a third person camera more of
like a platforming action game yeah this
is almost like this is almost like a
like a real time strategy game or it's
like I have little puzzles where I need
to get all of my guys out of the portals
right mmm and like there's no combat
it's just all like puzzle solving stuff
I'll really wear as much as Odyssey is
more of a platformer and then like
they're strangers wrath which is a
first-person shooter oh that's weird and
you can actually switch between first
person shooter mode and third person
shooter mode mm-hmm and it's it's a
stranger's wrath was a really neat idea
where all of your ammunition was live
animals and then you would have to hunt
for the animals to get more ammo to
shoot at the bad guys it was it was
really great i really enjoyed it okay so
oh crap crap keep moving I am completely
unfamiliar with the whole series you are
completely unfamiliar with the whole
series uh-huh okay well that's fine i
guess i guess you don't have to be
familiar with it basically you know this
is this is super easy it's these are
just puzzles and i have to sneak past
these guards i cannot kill the guards I
don't have the ability to kill the
guards and so I just want to sneak past
them ever just early on all the time the
entire deal like I just need to figure
out how to get rid of them so I can save
my peeps oh alright
oh no I'm gonna lose one oh crap oh crap
I lost one cramp I'm terrible did you
mention the potentially I don't know if
it actually worked or not the new
subscriber thing oh I did not mention
that i did not mention that we were i'm
trying a new subscriber thing where
where i got chatty which is this piece
of software that's supposed to update me
for every new subscriber so then just
like at the end of every hour we can
thank the subscriber because I know
there was some debate over whether or
not we should stop to individually thank
every subscriber here's what i can tell
you i thought those people had merit but
I didn't want to eliminate the practice
entirely right right so here's what i
can tell you i don't think it's working
really yeah ok ok is i I've seen some
people subscribe mmm in the chat ok hold
on where'd my Birds go yeah I need to
open up portals to make my to make my
boys escape there you go ok I've seen
some people subscribe in the trap in the
chat and it hasn't updated on the thing
it's a great thing if it works right yes
if it doesn't all these people who are
subscribing now well tough luck tough
luck I can I can no longer log in and
see the chat you can't login do you have
the new ipod i walked in i logged in as
relative rich with the new password chat
won't load i logged in as previously
recoded we have reloaded previously
recorded no chat won't load yeah and
when I'm not logged in schatz run just
fine that's weird sit which kind of
sucks
kinda sort of sucks oh I blew myself up
to it you know mean we don't know we
don't know we don't we don't know what's
going on see it like for example rmt for
just subscribe to thank you are mt4 for
subscribing we've really do appreciate
it and it has not updated on my thing
maybe it maybe it takes well according
to the little the little window the last
subscriber was three days ago hmm this
is only dude does it only do new
subscribers and not really resubscribe
errs maybe that's it yeah maybe this is
setting change that I don't know let me
let me
and in in the meantime I'm gonna I'm
going to tell am I my magical ps4 story
oh yeah you have a magical ps4 story and
we can all debate the merits of what
happened so exactly as I think most
people know blood-borne is the the next
review actually we we have at this point
filmed the discussion forum but but in
order to do that because that's that's
that's a ps4 exclusive right it's not
like it's not like I could play the the
pc version and Jack could use our or ps4
right right right so we had to get a new
ps4 so we now we now have two PS force
and Jackie went up to the local gamestop
and and you bought a used one because
it's not really any good reason to buy a
new you know and we kind of agreed that
I would take the one you just bought
because all of your your PlayStation
Plus login information was in the old
Locker right right and we use the one to
record our gameplay footage of
blood-borne and it was just like okay
yeah you know you take this luck um you
take this other one and take it home
yeah so so III take the new ps4 home and
I'm getting ready to set it up so I can
play a blood-borne I i hook everything
up and I I give it my login information
so you know my playstation account or
whatever's its link to this system and
then I go to put in the disc for
blood-borne yeah and there's no CD slot
like where there should be a CD swamp
there was just like a solid piece of
black plastic locking blocking the entry
way point and I'm like well well that's
weird so I go to eject a disc because I
found well maybe maybe maybe someone
left two discs in there and yeah i hit
the PS button on the controller nothing
there's no option to eject the disc hmm
and you're in the main menu and
nothing's happening yeah yeah there's
main menu shows nothing it's just like
fresh fresh out of the box ps4 hmm
so I'm thinking what could possibly be
wrong somebody actually like physically
take out the disc and III you know I
thought well this sucks i I'm gonna have
to probably bring this in so I I called
you up to ask you know you still have
the receipt I'm saying I assumed you did
oh sure and some all those receipts in
the box i was but you thought well
there's got to be there's got to be a
disc in there I'm like well I just I
just I just tried that I went in the
menu and there's no option to eject the
disc and then you told me that there's a
physical eject button on the ps4 I had
no idea yeah actually it's like it's
like disguised there's a on the front of
the s4 there's like a stripe there's
like a light stripe and on the front
there's like a hidden power button oh my
god i just i just touched it kid stop I
was I was I was touching it on my ps4 as
I was talking about it rich and then I
just put it into rest mode but anyway I
hit the physical what what the fuck job
I'm just I'm just the biggest dummy in
the world it's the story so I I hit the
eject button and free grand theft auto 5
but just it just pops out of the fucking
ps4 like magic a copy of the ps4 version
of grand theft auto 5 and I'm thinking
sweet Sosha game but you know I was like
was there any point like going on how
this is really mine I don't own it and
bringing it back to gamestop but yeah oh
no no absolutely not it's like I I
thought about you know doing that like I
probably should but it's not like
gamestop was gonna track down the person
who brought in the ps4 and left
red-backed on a five in their rights not
like it's not like they were gonna do
that either what are the employees was
gonna take it home on their own or
they're just gonna resell it and the
person who actually owned it was gonna
get nothing one way or the other so you
know I'm keeping it and I don't I don't
feel bad about that
the question is should I feel bad about
that no you I I don't think shit that is
it theft here's here's why you shouldn't
feel bad about that the the gamestop
sold us what is essentially a defective
ps4 unit because like they should have
turned it on and noticed that you
couldn't put a disc in right mm-hmm-hmm
so why didn't they notice that you
couldn't put a disc in it because they
didn't check it thoroughly enough that's
not our fault right yes we cite finders
v keepers that's like great I like that
game and I get the the HD version of it
yeah question is whether or not I should
still try and get the pc version oh
right well you know yeah you have now
you can just see if you if you like it
enough obviously get to pee well I I
have the the I do like it already
because I have the ps3 one this is just
the the nicer version oh my gosh I've
been pressing the wrong button rich
that's not my fault I'm a dumb dumb
dummy you want to press the wrong
buttons you go right ahead no I have
been I don't want to I just have been
and and predictably everybody in the
chat aside it's their copy please send
it to back them haha well you know
there's a name on it is there ya see
that makes it worse I know that's why I
feel a little bit guilty but this name
out of somebody wrote Jordan I oh wow
well maybe it's maybe it's michael
jordan's I suppose yes it's one hundred
percent Michael Jordan's he has so much
money he can afford to buy a new ps4
every week
sorry to call you uh who's calling me
out I read it polka Lexi I am you ain't
nothing don't worry about it
everything's fine all the time i I'm
sorry that I'm so terrible at this game
what I feel bad about us because because
there's a name written on it yeah I got
to imagine it's like a child's right
what a dolt writes their name on there
no it could be like my guess is it was
like a college kid no no my guess is it
was like a college kid who just was done
playing it and was you know giving it up
for some for some beer money and you
know he wrote his name on it so his
roommates wouldn't steal it maybe I mean
is it nice handwriting or is it child
yeah let me take a look well apparent
always right the child's name on it oh
well this is really this is really
terrible handwriting I'm gonna say kid
huh yeah that's there's like a lowercase
R that's exactly as large as the
uppercase J and a no that's just
horrible it looks like somebody wrote it
with their left hand yeah but a kid
can't sell a ps4 balls the adult
probably decided the family made it was
broke yeah because the father lost his
job and he stole the child's ps4 and
that that copy of grand theft auto 5 is
like 20 extra dollars that would have
helped them make the rent that mom know
that they're not they're not going to
get now yeah so I feel terrible about
this now well let's stop giving yourself
that narrative I'll deal with it it's
Grand Theft Auto 5 for most likely would
have most likely what happened is a
gamestop employee put that game in there
in order to test the ps4 ah and Jesus
Christ that wasn't too tough and
unplugged it with it still in which made
the ps4 flip out and not read the game
or like and then wiped the memory and
forgotten and just forgot to take it out
yeah I still don't think you should
necessarily feel bad about it I don't
know if you should feel good about it is
the real thing I don't feel good about
it you don't feel good it's a tragedy I
can't help it it's not like I can get
the proper owner back his merchandise so
he can get you know ripped off at
gamestop for it right but you know it's
like it's like it's like a small tragedy
in my head how this ended up this this
child's copy of crap theft auto 5 that
he's somehow conda's parents into buying
him because it's grand theft auto right
no and you know what mr. or they're just
reasonable parents that understand that
game violence isn't the same as real
violence that's that's more likely i
think mr. glitch has the right idea
which was in actual reality it's
probably a stolen ps4 yes well that's
that's all so tragic that's also tragic
yes in any way you slice this we bought
a small tragedy we bought a small
tragedy he bought a small tragedy crap
crap crap it's like buying a dog but
buying a dog that's a small your bite
what you're buying we need to buy a dog
is you're buying a small tragedy oh good
Oh unless unless you plan on that dog
out living you you are purchasing a
small tragedy that's going to unfold
over the next 11 or so years that's a
terrible way to look at it hey you ever
put a dog to sleep yes yes yeah you're
it's a small tragedy I just don't know
if I would say I mean cuz you get the
joy eventually you get the joy then and
the joy makes up for and that's the joy
suddenly turns to the infirmity and old
age and sex that's what is that oh no I
have something I have something that
says boom
again I have something in my possession
that says boom now it blows up I'm sure
it blows up okay hold on i'm in fact
sure that it blows up rich what happened
to you a man how did you become so
cynical and depressing you will notice
i'm laughing about it though so there's
that and i blew up right I took too long
to aim the grenade and I blew up is what
happened um no you know you get you get
the joy of the dog and then it dies and
then it's fine because you can always
get a new dog I don't know I've never
known you know that's how long dogs live
you gotta deal with that that's just the
thing you deal with rich the joy of the
dog for the for the for the death of the
dog I don't want to do here I want to
blow up now they're saying I'm stealing
Lewis blacks material all right I if he
is if he has dogs or a tragedy jokes I
have no idea he has what if he has if he
has dogs died and that's sad jokes I had
no idea well I'm sure I think I think
anybody who's ever had to put a dog
sleep knows this knows what that owning
a dog eventually ends in sadness I'm
gonna get the hang of this grenade thing
everybody don't worry
there we go no I'm stealing George
Carlin's material well other people can
make observations that owning a dog is
ultimately sad i don't know rich i'll
fuck does this work oh my god 25 says
the only thing rich is stealing is that
damn GTA 5 disc huh bam bam you got me
with that one that's that's correct and
funny so I want to throw it you can
throw grenades while crouching how's
this abe's oddysee thing I tilt our to
aim grenade then press ro1 to throw it
I'm oh my god I'm doing that but it's
sometimes it's blowing up in my hands
and sometimes I'm dropping an extra one
for some reason and I can't figure out I
have grenades now which is great bomb
the juice says rich what base location
do I in XCOM which which base benefit do
you want the most I've always been fond
of Asia yeah what are the perks of Asia
uh like like squad kind of upgrades in
the training center are are cheaper oh
god you also you also you also cover for
countries that way they are going to get
invaded and the bonus Asia and and and
Europe both have 44 countries you can
put a satellite in the others all have
three or two okay and and China you put
a start in China you don't have to worry
about satellites on any of those other
countries and the
sry chat guess what we're not playing
this game anymore already huh already we
were having an issue with we're having
an issue with Abe's Oddysee you want to
know something dumb what that Abe's
Oddysee does what is a you can change
the volume of the game but it does not
change the volume of the cutscenes also
screaming whenever there's a cutscene so
it's screaming yeah oh wow many many
apologies really sorry about that I hate
when games do that and so turn off and
so what was happening is you know like
the game I turned all the the audio down
for the game which works just fine but
then as soon as as soon as a cutscene
happened it blew my it just blew my ear
out and I'm sure several years of people
who are watching and many many apologies
everyone really sorry that it's
unacceptable as far as I'm concerned now
if you play blood-borne I'm gonna be
tempted to turn on my ps4 and play
blood-borne uh-huh and kind of just half
pay attention to anything that you or
anybody else's that's going to be the
temptation hmm I'm thinking about
playing boy born yeah yeah just fucking
do it if I can do it man we can deal
with loud volumes every now and then oh
I'm not like I don't want to do that I
don't want to do that to people who are
listening with headphones that's I would
find that unacceptable if I was watching
Jack I think we all know that that's
just an excuse and that in reality ah
you just want to play blood I die okay
also and I think that's okay also super
spoiler alert
for our review of blood-borne is I want
to play more blood park so that's that's
what's gonna happen i'm gonna update the
stream right now on if you have I'm
turning in it okay oh ok dude you gotta
do ok

[Part II]
have you shut it off at any point oh oh
you know what you guys have probably
been seeing black and again okay many
somebody in so many of the chats saying
well it's obvious they like blood-borne
but that can't be true we hate all
Triple A games that's that's really true
every single one let's never come out we
hate them because we're hipsters we only
like indie games we're horrible horrible
hipsters so it's impossible for us to
like blood-borne yes what happened to
hard world is an audio audio too much
how about change it everything's fine
already
I wanted like I said I was talking to
rich earlier and I I do just in general
want to play horn I'm skipping the
cutscene of course you are of course
because of course I am
oh you know what I was working on and I
was working on a I was working on a
favorite and I made an old lady
scientist here's the lady I've been
playing as I made like a like a tough
Amazon woman and we started playing I
tried to make me oh look I'm all glitchy
that's fun it happens no and then I
tried to make me and for a while I was I
wasn't shavings I had a little beard and
I've been playing as Wonder Woman I've
been wanting to play as water oh so this
is and I made an old lady I made an old
lady scientist wear this uh-huh
wait to see this lady she's kind of
Awesome oh you know what I think I want
to change her hair
I didn't Wonderwoman have scars on her
face because she's a warrior princess I
don't think she has scars huh I don't
think she has scars good old lady why
does why does old lady have darker well
I'm changing her hair right now and she
has the same ponytail hair as Wonder
Woman that's not very creative Jack no I
could I was just I was making her the
other day I was just I was just dinking
around with her here okay let's give her
some let's give her some better hair see
here oh my god should we give her this
should we give her like old man hair
let's go for it go for you do that do
the semi balding long hair I would feel
really bad about that
let's see what's wrong you're gonna she
had to look beautiful just cuz she's a
woman she can't have some kind of
horrible hair problem here we go this is
the one I want this is this is old lady
Sciences there this is old lady Sciences
hair okay my first time playing I didn't
give a shit I just like the default
everything huh cuz you know you don't
see her face that much anyway
oh you're mostly always worrying the
fancy clothes they give you but IIIi
think I was about halfway through and
then just on a lark I I made a new
character and I started playing again
sure and I took I took my time with the
character crater that time and I was
fairly happy with the result hums I was
going for the the saint of killers from
from preacher yeah the the unday an
undead cowboy angel of death from
preacher yeah and I couldn't quite be
faithful to the counterpart because it's
just too relatively cartoony look it
looked it looked weird so I ended up
with kind of like a heavily toned down
saint of killers that I'm very happy
with okay good all right great
we are good to go but I also noticed
though my second time through the game
yeah I was ridiculously better at
blood-borne like I I got through the
first two bosses without other than that
first werewolf death I I had not died
once than the first two bosses
nice um that's great what should we name
out without grinding without lady
scientist lady lady scientist member
gills a sole fo bills a third guilt yeah
a nice fellow ethyl e th le or yell how
do you feel I am huh
so Y in there jack fo e th yl how do you
spell ethyl
I think so I took spelling is hard I've
been wrong about many things in my life
but I'm pretty sure it's a spelling ah
let's see oh wait I think it's just yell
just yell yeah else it doesn't matter
yeah that's it alright
ethyl ethyl GILF there we go okay here's
fo a GILF all right now ah the Y is for
fuel oh that that makes sense that makes
way more sense
she can't be fat they they they don't
let you make fat people in the game do
you the character creator is a little
limiting and defaults on the thin side
to even the very burly buildest yo I
mean there is no discernible difference
between the largest person and the
skinniest person in this game or the
tallest and shortest person
now we're trying something new with the
sub notifications and it's it's not
unlike percent it might not work because
it only it's only working with new
subscribers okay I'm skipping a cutscene
again of course you are because we don't
need it okay here we are
blood Bjorn I kind of love this before
you have a weapon you know like just
your your hand maneuvers you know what I
want I want to beat that goddamn war mph
with just about hands I'm gonna that's
exactly what I'm gonna try to do you're
gonna film and probably probably okay so
you have you have light attack you have
a heavy attack and then you have that's
the kind of a cool tack I wonder if that
I wonder if that if the attack works to
parry without a gun probably not
probably not blood blood björk alright
so here's the first enemy and you are
supposed to die at this werewolf but I'm
gonna try
damnit not doing great not doing great
move Ethel move move your grandma bones
this is a poor grandma fighting a war
wolf barehanded right it's fucking it's
amazing she doesn't die instantly jack
what background did you use troubled
that troubled past like troubled
childhood or something okay be careful
on your ear Stan Moe stamina stamina
Stan NEMA whatever oh listen I died
you're supposed to die there I died
that's fine you don't have to die there
you can run past him to get the first
lamp oh okay no that's good
Mario Mario 42 hates games where you are
supposed to loose it's a teaching moment
this game ain't all about teaching
moments so be fair I think you can do it
yeah you can win I've seen people beat
I've seen people beat that without a
weapon look and if you think you're
gonna get through this game without
dying once good fucking luck this is
this is gonna be a game well I will
never attempt a no death row you can't
you just can't okay I'm in in theory I
might consider a never never lose your
blood echoes after dropping them rum Oh
like I like a note death twice in a row
from this yeah yeah yeah what um what
weapon do we want you you pick what you
want Ryan I'm fond of the axe so if I
ever stream this I'm gonna be using the
axe so if you want variety go what they
saw or the cane and like when I when I
started playing this I started on the
cane and dropped it immediate
we really like as soon as I got I got a
different weapon and picked up that
different weapon right away so it's like
and the cane is the weakest like it has
the weakest start I don't know maybe I I
mean I guess I've never used the saw
cleaver maybe I'll give ya but
supposedly it scales really well with
the skill stance so if you're put in a
lot of stats and skill the lot of your
levels and the skill the cane as I
understand it I've never really used it
much myself it can be pretty beastly
take the ko you and you know what you
guys are right I made an old lady
character the old lady's got a cap okay
yeah I am I'm taking the threaded cane
I'm taking the threaded cane and I'm
gonna take the pistol just because I
don't think there's a difference between
the pistol and the blunderbuss exam or
test pistol does more damage blunderbuss
is easier to parry with oh yeah
you don't parry much you may as well go
with the pistols though you should be
picking I think I need to be bearing so
I'm gonna go blunderbuss we're gonna go
cane blunderbuss that's our combo equip
the cane clip the blunderbuss everything
is great
okay oh and we need the notebook thing
okay all right now let's go fuck up a
werewolf we got this now grandma Cain
yep Ethel GILF Scott hurricane mr.
glitch wants to see a walker of doom
maybe maybe with tennis balls of doom
attached to the legs that would be
awesome that would be the best
I would I would also love to see that
threaded cane you mean pimp cane fuck
you how I do it's like yeah we mean pimp
cane
okay come on Mike did Mike ever tell you
about his idea for a movie about old old
people from old folks home saving the
Earth from alien invasion no huh it's a
great idea okay no you why are you
laying it out I don't know if I should
okay
I don't I don't know if I should I don't
know if that's my place to lay out
Mike's idea Oh probably not I mean you
brought it up so I thought I thought
that was you know I brought it up and
then I thought twice about it you
brought it up and now you immediately
yeah yeah in in a fantasy world to be a
neat script idea to actually bake
someday sure okay in a fantasy world
where that would happen I kicked his ass
yeah this is this acts very differently
I found in my other run through the game
I found the soft spear and that has a
really wicked combo system agzam I'm
hoping that the cane also has a wicked
combo system that's actually pretty nice
so like in this game you can do thing
you know like obviously you can just
spam light attack you can you know press
heavy attack you have the option to
switch so like right now it's a cane but
if I press r1 or l1 if I press l1 it
turns into like this like whip right but
you can chain attack so you can press
like light attack right into change and
so it changes and attacks in the same
stroke which is baller as far as I'm
concerned also you stroke you stroke
that cane Jack I'm sure grandma GILF
grandma GILF is stroking the King all
right here we go
here we go silver bullets need me some
quick silver bullets
remember yeah there's something down
here I just need to remember where all
this stuff is so obviously I've played
this zone a million times so if anyone
sees me like running past things really
you know you're not gonna fight anything
to gain blood echoes to level up what I
mean
you said you're gonna run past things oh
no I mean like I'm not I'm not walking
you know like I'm not taking my time I'm
not taking in these oh sure for people
who may not have seen this game yet i am
i'm kind of going fast that is your
business
that is my business blood vials are the
thing that gives you health i did i did
i my second playthrough I did find
father Garcia's daughter yes and did you
use it did you use it that is that is
the most depressing thing of all time
please flowing Moy mommy have you seen
my butt did you use the locket
during the fight out of the music box
yeah yeah and did it work like what did
it do he's stunts I didn't even need it
I didn't even needed nice I love it I
love it I love it okay meemaw mommy's
dead well you don't go back to her sure
you do you do yeah you see yes did you
get something if you go back to her you
do oh okay well
yeah III read up on it there's different
things you can do with that girl huh
they they all and depressingly well
great that that girl's fate is just
she's basically fun no matter what you
like you can you can tell her about the
safe house yeah yeah that ends badly too
of course it does because of course it
does okay I'm not as powerful as I
remember me being you know I'm used to
I'm used to I'm used to fighting these
guys with like a little more a little
more juice to me yeah you could see any
any band or artist Live and concert who
would it be
you know I almost always prefer recorded
records my band's live it's just like
you get to hear the shittier version of
the song no you're crazy no I'm not
crazy I'm dead serious
yeah shows part of it shows all but I'd
rather hear the version of the song that
was heavily engineered for quality
rather than rather than hearing it like
a concert hall where my fucking ear
drums are being blowed out my speakers
too out like I would have loved to see
it's not it's not a musical artist but
George Carlin yeah oh man yeah god I so
regret I never got to see George Carlin
but you all know that oh yeah
based beast you know I think no well
good I was just gonna say like for me it
would it would be it'd be someone who
like if you could catch them early
enough in their career where you could
see them at a smaller venue you know cuz
I agree like amphitheaters are bullshit
you know Karen Karen got to do that with
up she some Marilyn Manson in concert
twice before he got big oh yeah she saw
him was like really small venues and she
was complaining about her ear ringing
for weeks like that is that really a
good thing cuz it was like right when
super AAB Antichrist Superstar came out
sure before he was super like right
right before he got super huge that's
and see like if you can if you can get
to that golden time we're like like were
that were there they've been playing
long enough where they don't suck but
like before before you seem in an
amphitheater cuz like amphitheaters it's
the same show at night after night yeah
I remember you you dick it's same show
night after night they're not they're
not trying anymore they're just
perfecting their sound yeah but like a
smaller show when they're still working
out the kinks you can get that magic
magic our do this now I forget you know
there was there's a club here that had
like a week of the most amazed at became
bigger bands and now came through the
city and like the same
Oh cute by your guy like the white
stripes
yeah played here you know when they're
just the two-piece and anyway I'm go
ahead
I might have a serious answer to the
musical version of that question though
okay
Nirvana unplugged cuz I know from
listening to it the album that that
sounds great yeah that wouldn't have
been a bad one to see why is that yeah
yeah learning how to use this cane is is
different it's you know it's a different
weapon so you see a people's concert and
then you know not be able to hear any of
the songs due to the screaming fans
right right could you like that would
that would suck or like having to deal
with like fans like singing along or
something it's just like shut up
agreed
dislike it just like it but I I enjoy I
enjoy live music a lot I you and I don't
get a chance to go out much anymore just
because I work all the time and I have
kids but I miss it I do I miss going out
and seeing live music there are some
amazing bands that are playing right now
and we're not we're not exactly in a
golden era of you know bands getting
signed and making a million bucks
anymore oh there is don't try to fight
now I can't put the x-ray
rich what's your favorite wax cylinder
currently probably mary had a little
lamb' by Alexander Graham Bell that is
my favorite wax under it's the only one
I know so it kind of wins by default
They Might Be Giants had a head of song
that they did at the Edison Museum that
was either on wax cylinder or on like a
vinyl thing it's called that can you
hear me oh yeah you know or I can hear
you just barely hear you I can just
barely hear and you know like they
recorded it live at the Edison Museum
not ready for that fight yet rich not
ready for that fight yet oh oh I'm sorry
Edison recorded mary had a little lamb
oh well whatever go fuck yourself hey I
made a funny joke I don't care if I got
a technical thing wrong you all know
what I met damn it for anyone who's like
just starting to play blood-borne by the
way if you noticed the super sweet move
I just did right there right after you
dodge you know you press the circle
button to kind of dodge on the right way
right after you press that if you press
an attack button you sprint forward and
attack so it almost turns into like a
like a sprint a sprint attack and it's
super awesome and actually works very
well with the cane because the cane is a
lighter weapon I'm wondering what the
best thing to focus on first with
upgrading is this is it best to go with
some combination of vitality and
endurance until you that have that
nearly leveled up you better to evenly
dispersed your stats or should you go
for strength or skill first right what
is the best upgrade path I really want
to know I don't you know what and I just
don't think there is yeah I don't
probably not an answer but like to find
what I'm happy with that's and and
that's that's the real answer rich is
you just find one that you're
now I I do have an issue with the whole
leveling system than this yeah because I
don't I don't like mild incremental
level of groundwork every every hour
worth of brandy they get an extra two
points and you damage out of 250 when I
when I upgrade something in a game I
want a fucking feel the difference yeah
yeah and you know it's just not that
important here where you know like the
upgrades aren't what this game is about
upgrade based on your weapon of choice
yeah but I'm not familiar with all the
weapons in the game yet and if if I
start upgrading for for one I'm not even
gonna bother experimenting with the
other so I'll never know what weapons I
actually like right right that's and
that's true and that's fine I have I
have used almost all of the weapons I I
through just playing like I've bought
and used almost all of the weapons and
one of my big problems is none of them
were better than that one I found like
that sauce spear was so fuckin badass
rich what would be your weapon of choice
to kill werewolves well obviously a
minigun loaded with silver bullets I
mean and that's a lot of fucking silver
but that's that's that's an effective
fucking werewolf weapon right there yeah
you shot him in the heart 275 times we
think he's dead
well you might have killed him
okay so now the real question rich is do
I attempt to take on the ogre how about
an atomic bomb well if the werewolf was
in your house then you're just gonna
destroy your house and your neighborhood
you're you're better off in the long run
with the minigun loaded with a long
chain of silver bullets and I don't know
about minigun I think that would be
cumbersome well you don't want to be too
close to the world wolf you want to be
like half a mile away and the Jeep
smooth any gum on the roof then you need
a sniper rifle no cuz werewolves are
fast it's gonna be extremely difficult
to hit with the sniper rifle you're
gonna you're gonna die as the world will
charge you you want the minigun
even even if you miss his heart that war
wolves gonna be in so many chunks it's
gonna take him hours to regenerate then
you can just shoot him in the heart of
your leisure at that point just dig
through the parts find out which one the
heart is and then shoot back I love that
risk by the way dig dig through the
chunks all right I am uh I think I'm
gonna try to fight this guy richer you
are you superstitious I think there are
very few superstitious atheists are
there is that is that a possibility can
you sneak up on enemies in this game
like if I just walk slowly well is ogre
not see me no peace ah me fighting an
ogre oh and I want already great I did
use a Malta of cocktail because I was
afraid huh you're afraid of him yeah why
those are some of the easiest enemies in
the game you know I'm still like I
haven't upgraded anything I'm still like
I'm still learning the cane I didn't
want to push it his base okay I didn't
want to push it so you know I did it you
can sneak up on baddies great rich how
much you in the horn I see that
subscriber that oh yes actually we
should take a moment let's let's take a
moment here okay April Ryan 22 thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it Zen of Ben thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
also oh my god why don't why don't you
why don't you list all of the names and
then do know I'm thinking them
individually scantron the immortal thank
you for subscribing we very
much appreciated I'm only seeing new
subscribers and rich I don't know if you
can see them in the chat I Kim but my my
list is only showing me new subscribers
okay
my magic lists crocodile brain
Genghis Borgnine thank you both for
subscribing you see how efficient that
wasn't yeah I did too it works yeah
congratulations I kill where I am big
spunk thank you for subscribing last
Wednesday last Wednesday Questers fest
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
dingus
you dingus what happened to the odd
world's is Jack really wanted to play
blood-borne and so he he found a flimsy
excuse to stop playing odd world no
there was a real reason the you could
have just skipped the Constance you
could have done that oh oh I'm at the
BRIT oh crap oh I noticed you don't
respond to that question that's that's
it that seems awfully selective what
mm-hmm
wait were you asking me a question
yeah yes but what's up well I think you
could have just I could have just won
you gonna just skip the cutscenes no no
you can't you couldn't skip the
cutscenes in the ad well yeah okay okay
so if obviously that would have been the
easiest thing but for some reason it was
a game where you could not skip the
cutscenes and the cutscenes volume was
dramatically louder than everything else
in the game and you could not turn the
volume of the cutscenes down so I
decided to stop playing it to see a
woman thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated oh did you get um I
see sex weirdo thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it but sex se
cks did you end up getting all of the
new subscribers on your new thing that
doesn't work as we would like it to the
new subscribers are coming through but
not the people who recent
yes okay okay I have officially gotten a
sex weirdo was the newest one and I just
got that sex weirdo
what do I want to do rich I've been
doing pretty well I'm feeling pretty
confident and I could go up on the
bridge try to fight two werewolves and
ogre and the final boss to get to the
new checkpoint but then I might know my
my blood echoes but I guess you got what
2600 there's nothing but it but I
haven't upgraded to anything now that's
something you can you can beat all those
things yeah you're right you're right
all right I want to get I want to get
you closer to me
I don't know if I can find two of you
yet yeah you know what fuck it fuck nope
can't fight two of you yet and damn it
come drinkers 69 69 69 would like to
know rich Evans if you saw one of your
fans when when you were alone late at
night would you be thrilled or horrified
well I think the zoo bars ought to
protect me I don't necessarily get that
nothing I don't necessarily my fans
would be zoo animals I just insulted
everybody basically Wow yeah I know I
know
way to go
I mean congratulations all right trying
again trying again here we go going
through it again and I know I can just
run past all these guys but you know
it's basically free XP at this point
somebody's mentioning a cheap way to
beat those wolves a cheap way to be
those wolves yeah oh and you know what
you know what I'm forgetting so here's a
real thing by the way for absolutely
everyone is this game has a counter
system that you don't take advantage of
yeah oh I I'm really bad at it so I
never ever use it I dodge roll
absolutely everything and I've forgotten
that I literally sometimes forget that I
have especially for bosses and such
because I as you've noticed me playing I
just never ever use it
I've gotten really good at rolling away
I roll away and I wait to attack and I
never ever use that okay even though
comes in super handy and and now I'm
using this weaker weapon and I need to I
need to remember to use it it's
basically the moral of the story
isn't there a gun yes or no that's the
thing is I need to get better at using
it and that's my fault
so I'm going to try to use it more
but I've kind of like I programmed my
brain not to because sometimes it
doesn't work quite right and some
attacks it works better than other
attacks you know ask me whatever
consider going to a European Convention
yes somebody would have to be paying for
the whole goddamn thing oh that's that's
a pricey thing oh well yeah I mean I
would assume that would be yeah listen
we'll go anywhere if somebody if
somebody wants to pay for the full ride
oh sure right right but that's not gonna
happen so it's a moot point yep that is
very true rich unless your bike then you
get to go to Denmark did Mike go to
Denmark Denmark or somewhere somewhere
in that neck of the woods for
Scandinavian somesuch Film Festival oh
okay that's cool
well that's neat well I probably knew
about that that was neat yes I probably
knew about that and forgotten telegin
wants to know what it was like growing
up in the Cold War
at any moment you didn't know if
everything was just going to explode
into fire it was it was honestly it was
kind of horrifying yeah yeah oh my god
what's that was that TV movie in the rig
that made about anything like that it's
some kind of anti film they made the day
it happened there's something like that
that was just terrified yeah nuclear
nuclear war basically could have erupted
at any damn moment you know and I just
caught the tail end of it so
the day after yes thank you thank you
cracker man five to six okay
cracker man what's his name I know oh I
don't know well man cracker man is new
dude yeah girl who call themselves
cracker man I suppose sometimes I just
find the names funny rich nothing I can
do about that running out of here I
don't like the guys with the guns the
guys are the guns shoot me and I dislike
that you person in the chat whose name
scrolled off I can see you may have been
six when the wall came down I think I
was a little bit older what was it Andy
92 honestly does that mean no I mean
well the early nineties hmm I think the
corpses are doing something funny over
here what are you doing over here
corpses I saw you guys glitching out
well I was somewhere in the vicinity of
pre-teen and all that shit okay what
Doug uh-huh look at a bit twit a twitch
like the the jello physics are making
him twitch I love it
yeah yeah yeah 89 I was a little bit off
so I was a little bit older than six yes
you were you were aware of the world
around you yes yeah
come in follow me follow me they didn't
they didn't do the Duck and Cover when I
was in school though
know that that was archaic by the time I
was in school yeah that was that was a
different 60s 50s coupling war cookies
even sure better with the gun gotta get
better with the gun it is my mission to
get better with the gun I'm not gonna
practice on these guys I'm gonna
practice on the over nope dog dog I want
the dog I can walk under the dog walk
under the dock gives me more grief than
anything damn
shooter guys rich I hate him I hate them
shooter guys I'm in my late 30s for all
that matters it matters plenty oh fuck
you fuck oh I was looting a body got hit
by a guy got hit by some asshole dicks
I saw you bunch of dicks
okay everything's fine now damn it love
this game I love that I've played this
exact area 1 million times and I'm still
stressed out about it
Oh Jax you noob yes yes I am exactly a
noob okay so here's a real question
about the countering or the the waiting
what do we call that system the RIP Jose
yeah riposte is when I when I hear Airy
encounter when I when I parry them and
they drop down to a knee do I have to
press r1 or can i press r2 and do the
super move I've only ever done r1 and
you have to be like standing you have to
be touching them right
hop-hop right next to them when they
stagger and somebody asked if anybody
other than red letter media has ever
asked me India to be of in a movie of
there's the the only person who has ever
asked me to be in something they were
filming other than the micro J hey was
Jack and you were great in it I was kind
of amazed what what why I suck you were
great as the police captain in poop
again P I yep
nailed it I brought my mean I wrote that
role for you but you nail you nailed
yourself thank you thank you
I didn't I didn't know you that well ago
you thought I was living in the area I
had to come up from your fucking
Chicagoland area yeah no I will cook you
know like you were in Mike and Jays
stuff all the time just like oh he must
be around I'll just ask yeah come by no
I had no idea it was like a big deal for
you to come well obviously I never would
have asked because it's like oh I don't
want to put you out to be in my dumb
thing ah nothing else it was nice to
come up and see Mike and Jim because I
didn't know you that well right right
okay kill the dogs I have to stay alive
that's important right now staying alive
is important right now because my all
those thousands of blood echoes are up
are up in the thing which you are
awesome in the game station sure yeah
it's just shame that the review portion
of game stations sucked it's too weird
and awkward to do without any kind of
feedback I was like filming that with
Mike and Jay and I can tell you that
video game guys like I'm saying things
about a game and they're just like they
got this like blank look on their face
like I'm talking about where's that oh
yeah yeah I think I would think that
would be very awkward I was I hated
doing it game game station ended for
reasons
goddamnit dog goddamn dog yeah you know
it's it's really hard to be like fun
and or even just be like insightful when
when there's nothing to bounce off of
even like when you're like for people
who do like video essays and it's just
themselves the person you're bouncing
off of is you editing it later you know
mm-hmm but rich is not an editor and so
you know you would say all these things
and then micro Jay would edit them you
know oh yeah and so it's like if
someone's doing like a voiceover like
for example like like the Plunkett stuff
you know that's Mike doing the
voice-over and then he gets to edit it
later and then if he needs to add or
take anything he can do that in
voiceover later you know yeah so it's
like yeah I loved the I gotta kill that
wolf
I might just know I can do this I can do
this like I kind of want to use my
mullet sobs just done that one wolf who
has my blood echoes yeah come here
yeah also I think we found out after the
fact there was something else that call
itself game station yeah but it wasn't
game station 2.0 just game station but
still sure I'm just gonna throw another
multi magic dick
okay I got my blood echoes back so
that's something which how did you
escape from Gamestation I stopped doing
it I know I know you want it in the
universe thing not gonna happen
you I'm gonna get you
it's like when they're attacking is the
thing that I can wrap my head around cuz
I want to do it when they were your back
oh I think I did it oh oh but your
weapon also has to be in a certain form
for the I don't know I tried to do it
with with my cane and chain form and it
didn't work I think I'm done it with
both well I you can't you can't you
can't parry with oh well you can with
the cane I know what the axe you can't
parry with the long axe but you can you
can stagger them if you hit them from
behind
well you can't pair with the long axe
because then you have it yeah two-handed
weapon you can't you can't parry but you
can you can you can do the charge tak
when their like their back is turned and
then you can stagger them and do the
special attack the whip can't do it
maybe I just wasn't close enough colonel
not exactly not exactly a pro with the
whip but I assume you can I would assume
kin - maybe I just wasn't close enough I
did get I got the werewolf down on a
knee so what were you saying about
Colonel Mustard Colonel Mustard I'm sure
sarcastically was saying it was saying
wait so Jack is liking blood-borne
spoiler alert for the next review one is
playing this right now
so that should tell you all you need to
know which is this is the game I wanted
to play Jack you know you know we hate
all for the Logans everyone
you know you know and I find funny right
now what a lot of people are saying they
love the the game station skits yeah
it's fun for one we don't we don't do
skits on prereq guys the whole the whole
point is to get them out quicker yeah
doing some kind of elaborate skip thing
for every episode that just that just
adds time production of the episode
whole goal is to do this with minimal
involvement with Mike and Jay so we can
just get them out and get them out yep
and the other thing I find funny about
that is everybody always complains about
our skits like half in the bag just do
the review I don't care about the stupid
skits do they the pálinka reviews we
don't care about the skids just talk
about the movie and I like the serial
killer stuff it's like people always
bitch about our skits except for game
station that seems weird like yeah the
the skits are what make it different
than every other show like a bunch of
people have have stuff where they just
talk about movies people complain about
that not everybody of course but there
are people who complain about that
that's crazy to me
you ogre and no good at this pairing
thing there we go
Oh oh great I'm getting I'm getting
there I parried the ogre which is a
weird sentence I'm gonna put that out
there I parried the ogre he's a weird
thing to sandwich all right I think I am
going to go I think I might fight the
the hair monster
you you you go and do that thing I have
mobs and I have an oil urn so I think I
can beat him now he sneeze easiest thing
to doing again
get that boss it's fine it's fine the
firt yeah well we'll see I don't know I
haven't done it I mean I've done it
before
rap rap
crap
getting sound for just a moment what
what look I know I know why do you guys
here like this gets I'm not saying that
everybody in the universe hates this
there are still plenty of people to this
day complain about that kind of stuff
there's people who who absolutely hate
anything palinka does that isn't talking
about the review really anything in the
basement that ain't stop doing that
stuff just happen somebody at one point
like of the Phantom Menace review
uploaded a version that had all of that
stuff cut out really yep that's very
subtracting couldn't handle they
couldn't handle an r-rated review this
gets huh that's really funny
that is really funny oh you use your
fucking home files I did I'm there
already if you're if you're a half help
a half out we're too low
that's not you put blood-borne you still
hate JRPGs this is not a RPG it has
steps that's the only similarity when I
say hey JRPGs you know damn well I'm
talking about about shit like your
classic Final Fantasy games right with
that weird boring repetitive turn-based
combat the grinding and I don't like I
don't like the grinding in this really
who's bringing that up our RPGs as we
used to know them are basically dead and
now every it's just about everything has
RPG elements right and I'm fine with
that I've always liked RPG elements it's
always been that kind of boring asked
for base combat and the grinding day
damnit oh I heard my echo in your
headphones not just alright then you get
all that shit you get an obnoxious story
with characters you don't really like
doing things you don't want them to do
right
it's like the whole point of an RPG is
being a character in that world and yet
the classic JRPGs are ridiculously
scripted right as far as character stuff
goes it's like it's like they took out
all of the the fun aspects of a
role-playing game and edited horribly
boring status stuff they emphasize that
yeah I agree
and you deserve to die for not using
your health files more often when I'm
sure your bar was obviously dropping
rapidly you didn't back I couldn't use
my help too vile because I needed a
Dodger attack if I would have stopped to
use my health file I would have died
dodge you dodged back away not around
wait why am I in the hunters dream how
do I get anything why am I not just game
I'm not ready for you yet I don't have
any of my fucking echoes
is this a new build Jax character looks
different is this a new build I don't
know doctor the last time you stripped
it oh sure yeah yeah yeah I'm starting
over I'm just it just started he started
fresh tonight just for the heck of it
yeah sure so how much better he's gotten
in the game when he hasn't uh I mean I'm
good I'm using a new weapon a weapon I'm
not used to I'm did you at least
remember to open the shortcuts no no no
oh god damn it jack open the shortcuts
why aren't you opening the shortcuts
because I was just fucking around I'm
just having fun you know I'm fun playing
a little blood-borne really I'm trying
to figure out this um I'm trying to
figure out this wif weapon which I'm not
100
and really what I'm trying to do my real
goal with this is trying to figure out
the gun as we've mentioned many times
and for anyone who is just joining us
Jack has gotten pretty far at the game
without using the gun I don't know I
don't understand how to use the gun and
so I just haven't been the subject is
something I have to address immediately
how is FTL not grinding FTL is not
grinding you can't go back and replay
old sectors to just get more scrap right
this is not really much going back in
FTL you you naturally level up as you go
through the game there's a leveling
system and it's a great leveling system
yes but it is not grinding yes grinding
is purposefully not moving forward in
the game in order to raise numbers grind
grinding would be like if you could go
through sector one over and over and
over and over and over again before
going on to the next sector in order to
build up to a level 50 before you tackle
the next area that would be grinding
absolutely
FTL actively prevents you from doing
that because the enemy fleet is always
on your ass yes there you know you there
is there can be grinding elements to
this game to blood-borne you don't have
to do them obviously like any grind and
you don't have to take advantage of it
but oh god I have to remember to open up
the oh you remember to open up the
shortcut I will I'll remember to open up
the shortcut this time I will I will
I'll be smart this time
well smarter
I say as I just got hit by a doofus with
an axe
get hit by two bits with an axe like all
the time hundred percent of damage yeah
dirt killed the cat what you're talking
about is not grinding an FTL because you
can't you grind enough BL by levelling
by fighting weaker ships
you you naturally run into weaker ships
you're you're glad would you get the
extra scrap and an easy encounter but
that's still not grinding no that is not
grinding that is that is naturally
pulling the game grinding grinding is
when you prevent yourself from from
furthering your game progress and just
in order to level yeah but I virtue of
not being able to really go backwards
without running into the enemy fleet you
can't do that in FTL it's impossible
absolutely you can you can try and
maximize the amount of scrap you get and
your way through a sector that is not
the same thing as grind it a little more
reach than I was thinking
doing great doing great I mean you know
fighting the same dudes but doing great
Oh Dirk kill the guy yeah I get what
you're saying about letting your guys
skulls go up and yeah you can't grind in
that fashion glue I suppose he's right
you could yes in the grand scheme of
things though as far as you know they're
real important the real important
upgrades in FDLR upgrading your ship and
horns great sure you can't grind that
way but that is a fair point like if if
you are facing a weaker ship that cannot
penetrate your shields and you just
allow them to hit you over and over so
your shield guy can can raise his shield
stats yes that is grinding and that is
an element of grinding in FTL but that's
in the immigrant in the grand scheme of
FTL
you're not even close guy yeah but I
mean I guess I can see where he's coming
from there yeah yeah I I've done that
because I can and it's more efficient
but it I guess it would be nice if you
couldn't sure sure I never said I refuse
to grind I I do it in something like
like like blood warm because you you
need those stats up and you feel you
feel like you have to sure
yeah and dig neutral brings up a good
point like do you call that grinding or
do you call that cheating and in FTL
I've even seen watch play yeah yeah yeah
so cheating exploit not the same I am I
am taking them I'm taking the game
mechanics and I am I am using them but I
am I am I am NOT finding some kind of
glitch that is completely unintended
sure sure it's not like I've figured out
that if I have this equipped in this set
this way and the enemy missiles always
missed because it's a programming
oversight that's an expert
rich what are your thoughts on the new
Robo Batman there's a rowboat Batman you
know you know Oh from the the new game
from the Arkham Knight yeah
is that you talk about hate they're
baiting you rich I know they're if I
first say at first I thought there was
something new news with the the movie Oh
God
Batman vs Superman I'm like was he gonna
have a robot suit oh oh of course he
will first so you know he will
we'll see I don't know I don't know or
care what they're going to do with that
movie I would 100% assume that that he's
gonna have his Hulkbuster armor or
whatever the hell you know he calls his
Superman fighting armor because you know
why because that's what's in the
Avengers movie you're gonna end up with
with Iron Man only Bruce Wayne isn't as
interesting as Tony Stark is yep that's
what you're gonna end up with yep
what let Batman be a ninja just let it happen
that's

[Part III]
first weight isn't as interesting as
Tony Stark is yep that's what you're
gonna end up with yep what led Batman be
a ninja just let it happen that's the
fun Batman yes that is the fun Batman
which shoe is your favorite film version
of Batman I don't like any of them I'll
take I'll take Michael Keaton over the
rest button I'm still not super fond of
those those movies I hate I hate any of
the armor-plated Batman's for one yes I
think I I think Michael Keaton has done
the best job as both Bruce Wayne and
Batman only because he has spent the
least amount of time in a suit like if
you look at if you look at you know
Batman Batman Batman
Michael Keaton oh that's right I want to
go this way I know Kevin Conroy but I
assume the question was talking about
live-action yeah Kevin Kevin Conroy he
is Batman to me yes I'm talking about
live-action here we are I'm not super
and we are I'm not super thrilled with
anything right Michael Keaton spends
time in the Batcave just being a fucking
fucking dog fucking dog I'm gonna kill
you in your fucking cages dicks now I'm
gonna kill you all
congratulations I was gonna leave you be
but now I'm gonna kill you in your cages
you do that thing you just said you were
going to do if I can kill you all I'm
gonna murder you because two of you
jumped out
I feel kind of bad about killing them in
their cages not bad enough to where I
won't do it though I think my cook even
does the best job yeah let's just meet
up well I suppose it's a lot of people
yeah I'm a hunter I was gonna say I
don't know we're talking about Patman
and and Michael Keaton and why you like
Michael Keaton wait why can't I tell her
about the safe place and Christian Bale
is probably oh god he's terrible no it's
not as bad it's not as bad as Clooney oh
good he's good
fail as a horrible Pat honey Clooney he
didn't even try right like like he just
put zero that mean that was just phoned
in and and bell see he just did a
horrible job
that's the difference
didn't even try versus terrible at it
yeah agreed
I agree I'm trying to get my blood I'll
take Kilmer over either and he's not
great either
no they have not nailed Batman I yearn
for the day here's all I'm looking for
I'm gonna be really practical with my
expectations of of Batman in the next
Batman V Superman movie here is my only
expectation this is all I want I want a
Batman that can turn his neck that's it
give me a Batman that can turn his head
to look around and I will be somewhat
satisfied because that's ridiculous
people saying bill was a great Bruce
Wayne well Bruce Wayne for one Bruce
Wayne is the least important part of the
equation
Batman is really the important aspect of
the character for second I think I think
he'd better burger Bruce Wayne Keaton
did a much better Bruce Wayne Keaton was
eccentric he had he had more mystery
about him Bale was trying to play up the
like the do the the duality you know
like like no I'm trying to live a
playboy life but also you know be Batman
but fuck that who cares about that okay
he would they were trying he did the
phoney version of Bruce Wayne and as he
was he was great at playing a complete
fucking sham yeah sure whatever you know
remember to open the shortcut that is
literally all I was doing that run was
opening the shortcut okay
I don't I if if Aflac sucks at Batman I
am not blaming Affleck
I think slack Aflac a flick flick flick
flick effects it's not a he's not
Gilbert Godfried was I suppose like I
say no Batman doesn't move his head in
the dart and move his head in the Dark
Knight like that's a big thing is like
talking about how a they can't move his
head because of costume reasons Affleck
didn't they alter it though for the Dark
Knight they altered the costume event I
thought I forget I forget I think I
think the later two movies he might have
been able to move his head a bit but he
stole the costume still looks awful it
just looks terrible weird ass random
black armor pieces you know it's just
disgusting look at its disgusting to
look well that I mean that might be it's
disgusting
this great I think I think Arkham City
might have the best version of a
realistic Batman costume okay yeah I
haven't played that yep okay so I've
done the important part which is which
is open up the shortcut I am now gonna
run past the ogre uh-huh because I don't
want to deal with them I'm gonna fight
the hair monster yeah
okay I'm now fighting the hair monster
and I'm sure he has better namely big
cleric and beast
oh fuck they were my blood echoes
something I just saw nice okay here we
go
gonna try to use my gun nope that wasn't
when you could use it by the way
dodj
what
so like what like I just can't and it's
it's me it's not the game it's 100% me I
just can't figure out when to use that
stupid dodge or the stupid Oh tired and
senses reg Batman wears armor in Arkham
City but it's more of a Kevlar and
fabric yeah I never said he should be
wearing spandex III think Arkham City is
like the best compromise mm-hmm he
shouldn't look like Iron Man he
shouldn't have solid metal armor pieces
that that is like a mechanical suit rich
when the fuck do you shoot this thing
yeah I don't think you do don't I don't
bother colouring him oh well god damn it
I mean here if it's kinda this this guy
this guy it's better to dodge and hit
him
I've been trying to shoot him for the
past like eight because everyone tells
me anything to get it better at shooting
him wow I don't Jack I've never died to
this guy Wow I'm become only a couple
times but still never died never died to
this guy the very first time I fought
him I did not die okay so that was my
first time dying
neither time neither of time I fought
him will say levels yeah yeah base stats
because you don't even get to upgrade
until after you run into this guy right
so I can do it I know you're not a
terrible gamer I know you can do it jack
just be smart do you just get in hit him
he'll when you need to you're if you're
close to halfway down and health heal
instantly
which the Dark Knight comic book Batman
wears a robot suit to beat up Supes
four-for-one the end the whole last half
of the Dark Knight is about being
batshit crazy and one he wears it
approximately once for a small section
of that story and it's not even the best
part of the day so you really got me
there yeah yeah he told you rich he
wears it once for a very specific reason
in a story that's that's going out of
its way to be completely over the top at
the end hmm I mean Batman Batman stops
Arkham Gotham from going into chaos by
riding in on a horse back and beating
everybody off the Dark Knight ends he
storms in with an army of thugs he's
converted into good guys all on
horseback and they just they just beat
everybody up and restore order
yeah
take it easy I'm taking it easy race
we're saying Frank Miller is a shit
writer read year one and see if you
still feel that way because a lot a lot
of people like to cite the Dark Knight
as his is his grand opus I think it's
your one yeah you know what your one is
simple your what is down-to-earth
yeah your one is is down there
mother
oh fuck when did you start doing that
moon which batman brilliant villain
would you most like to see in a movie
well the kind of a problem with Batman
is that the answer is always the Joker
and then you get sick of the Joker but
he's still really the only enemy you
ever want to see bat bad right it's a
catch-22 I'm sick of the Joker I haven't
juggers the only interesting villain huh
it doesn't have the Joker in it but I'm
sick of the joking
I'm gonna make a pac-man video game
without the chokers favorite villain I'm
so sick of seeing the dog where the
games the damned if you do you're damned
if you don't
and yeah I do like to face but he's a
step down from the Joker any of Batman's
villains are a huge step down from the
Joker oh boy I glitched for a second
like the camera got stuck on something
I mean he's he's - he's - perfect a any
contract for Batman Batman is grim
serious hello who loves and the Joker is
this uncle light-hearted murderous chaos
I mean they they're just such stark
contrasts on another it's it's it's
absolutely perfect
yeah yeah you know Superman's archenemy
is a weak smart guy your alpha man super
strong super fast and his archenemy is
just this a week I'm fast it's too
perfect
I did hey rich I did it I did I feel
pretty good about that I feel pretty
good about that ah I'm really glad that
I did that ah Jack got good that's right
I did got good quiet Terps s Hugo
Strange in Arkham City would have worked
as the main villain yeah he should have
but that game instantly diverges into a
joker side quest and that's that's 90%
of the game Batman just can't get away
from the Joker no no he can't and and
you know part of that is is the writers
fault and part of that is our fault for
wanting that and yeah and if they did do
that ultimately we would be let down
hmm also yes I did not or I did pick up
the blood-stained yes for those who are
you asking if hypothetically the the Ben
Affleck Joker actually works
hypothetically not the Ben Affleck bad
people are just gonna be waiting people
people aren't people are gonna be
waiting for the Joker version and that
universe mm that's gonna happen
possibly the answer is possibly I don't
know I don't know you know what I'm
gonna take a moment here take a moment
and thank some subscribers I see three
new subscribers ah
first person curler thank you for
subscribing ran nine gonzo ran Agha's Oh
ran Agha's oh thank you for subscribing
and Vertica subscribing we very much
appreciate all of them it's really true
psychosis
I think that's how you pronounce that cy
k o ux i acai coaxes yeah thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do okay rich now we got it we
got to choose some stuff to level up
okay this is all in your hands or should
I just see what happens if I kill her oh
did we ever try that no yeah Rich's
audio glitch for a second I could only
assume that was internet-based but he's
fine now channel a blood angles I'm not
gonna stop you from doing what you're
going to do I'm not gonna kill her I'm
not gonna kill her Master Kenobi says
the Cubs lose oh great
it's a great day is it it's a beautiful
day
oh my god I get to upgrade so many
things yeah I started a new game just
because for the price a someone asking
did rich beat the game or something or
as Jack started a new game this is Jack
playing and I have started a new game
just cuz I wanted to kind of main a
different weapon I wanted to just mess
around with some other stuff and more so
like just to see how much easier the
game was now that I know how to play it
you know riches rich in eyes like first
couple of hours in the game obviously
really terrible terribly tough and so I
get I get eight upgrades here rich see I
started a new game like yesterday and I
made a past father garcy own without
dying wants to nice nice let's see yeah
these are all tough or it's like to me
you know you my usual thing is wanting
to up endurance as much as
can because I know I dog drool a lot
yeah and so I'll put two in endurance
skill I'll put one two three and scale
was that to physical defense in arcane
like what happened to might like arcane
and blood tinge I you still don't really
understand what they do blunt edges for
blood tinges for guns are canes for like
fire damage electric damage oh sure
well I'm not doing any of that now so
I'll just put the rest in strength and
Oreo Speedwagon says don't complain
about the Cubs rich well I'm gonna
complain about the Cubs cuz I hate them
I know it's not really a complaint I'm
I'm glad they lost right I hate the Cubs
I want to see them lose every game this
season right every single game
or I want to see them win every other
game this season other than the one they
lost today and then gets swept out of
the first round of the playoffs again
and then I want them to blame it on a
fan in the stands who caught a fall ball
because that's the kind of shitty thing
that comes at the Cubs fans would do I
mean that that that 2003 team with the
Bartman I mean that team completely
fucking classless everybody on that
fucking team blamed a fucking fan for it
ruined his life Oh
and then I I lived the Chicago area I
thought you know I heard about the
shenanigans that went out with that team
I mean they bitched and moaned and
blamed everything but themselves yeah
yeah oh wait do you get blood echoes for
doing stuff for like dancing for her do
you I've never danced for her
I felt like I didn't have any blood
echoes and then I and then I did a joy
and I got some well maybe I had some
left and I'm just doing gestures in
front of her now I was like me me and
Karen once just just just for fun we we
we went to a a out of town minor-league
baseball playoff game okay you know our
local team to live five minutes away it
wasn't playoffs and we went out of town
for a playoff game and and the fans
there you know realize we're rooting for
the team from the Chicago area and
everyone's like the Cubs so and our only
response was we agree with you yes they
do they're awful
I was it if I do this like she claps for
you right yeah the pity clap I love that
uh I feel better now
alright alright I've upgraded my shit I
guess I still have some blood echo I
have like some cold blood do and I'm
gonna hold onto them for my next level
up experience hatha says rich just
because you hate something doesn't mean
you have to hate something else that's
right I don't have to hate something
else but in this case I do have to date
the clothes you just that's just that's
that's not connected you just take the
Cubs yeah I've known a lot of Cubs fans
were assholes about it hmm
I'm not gonna kill the doll I'm on a
real run right now what happened i I do
really I'm really curious what happens
if you kill the doll I really am but I'm
not gonna do it
you got a badge to buy crap you can buy
the other starter items now if you want
others yes I know I can do that now but
this is what happened like last game
when I was just playing by myself I also
started with the cane and then really
quickly like before I fought that boss
before I thought I've fought the next
boss I changed my weapons huh and never
looked back I really want to see what
this cane has to offer I've heard
actually I just heard I think I just
heard you say like some interesting
stuff happens with the cane well I'm not
using myself I've read online that some
people are pretty fond of it yeah yeah
it's interesting it's a it's a weird
weapon and you lose it's a cool weapon
yeah full credit for that and I'm trying
to get better with reposting or whatever
it's called just whatever kind of
fucking fancy name they wanted still a
parry
yeah it is and I'm trying to get better
with pairing and I feel like this weapon
will force me to get better at it if
there's any logic in that because it is
on the weaker side
and because you know like in its quick
form over em it doesn't have you it
doesn't have the the reach that like
some of the other weapons down I feel
like it's going to force me to learn
this this gun which which also like is
just I know a big part of the game that
I have not been employing Jeff what what
did you upgrade when you upgraded I
upgraded stamina yeah I upgraded a
little bit of strength and I have got a
suit that's okay with the cane yeah we
want to focus on skill and I did have
great skill skill like you've got bigger
stuff grade the strength is kind of a
waste why cuz the cane it with the
determining factor and how strong the
cane is comes from skill you know you
get a better boost from skill than you
do with strike oh okay well next time
they'll do that then so you're you're
doing it wrong good to know I just I
just wanted to let you know that you're
doing it wrong I thought that was
important you know it always is rich I
want to go this way everyone's talking
about weapons you should grab and Jack
started a new game he's nowhere near any
of that shit no I'm about to get to the
saw spear
now well they're mentioning things like
the rifle spear which you're not oh I
don't think you're terribly close to
that the cannon that's that's oh that's
really cool relatively speaking to where
you are now it's far away yeah cannons
really far away and there's no way I'm
gonna get enough strength to use the
camera you need you need something like
thirty base strength just to carry the
cannon dog died dog
and die dog so I'm probably I mean we're
not going to see the cannon tonight in
in my other game I'd like to raise up
enough strength fig to use a cannon I
have the cannon in the other game but I
don't have enough strength to use it why
can't I tell this lady about the healing
center have you unlocked that yet I
thought I did I guess yeah maybe in your
old game I think you're too early in
this one I don't think you could you get
even that until after you Father Garcia
and then you have to go back to the
clinic and then you have to talk the
lady and then you toss talk to the woman
half the Cathedral you know you know I
figure you know different different
things happen depending on who you send
where to so all right so here no I don't
you know much about what happens at the
clinic yet I don't okay
I've been I've been sending most people
to the church yep
okay okay just I know for no particular
reason yeah something I'm just gonna
avoid talking about it cuz you haven't
fuck around about Sam
have you even been in the fuck through
that back entrance I used are you still
up in those rafters no I I accidentally
fell now I think I I haven't seen it
myself yet but I heard there's like a
secret room up there if you knock some
of those yeah barrels away and there's
there's somebody in that room you can
talk to you for a side question I see if
I can get back up there I I fell and I
fell far I fell a lot you rat I for the
record chat I have not beaten the game I
where I am at in the game is I have
fairly recently well you know I I did
kind of yesterday restarted just just
just try and respect a different
character but but in the save I'm
farther in I am just past the the spider
boss okay
get back up there
whoa shit am i you're gonna die
I might die I might die and I died fuck
yeah what do we do when we foal we get
back up and keep playing this game I did
this afternoon while I was waiting for
some footage to render out I'm working
on the Edit for this episode now and I
completely dict the lighting by the way
yeah mostly on you so there is a super
you if you turn your head just the right
way yeah super harsh shadow huh and it's
you know it's just something that we're
gonna have to live with and I was able
to fix it
a little bit I was able to fix it where
hopefully it won't be terribly
distracting but I had to render out some
stuff so I was thinking to myself that I
would just pop on whoa whoa whoa whoa
hey now you usually run away over yeah
you see this is what do you usually do
do you usually back away slowly so I can
kill the crows and peace and now you're
I'm sorry I'm sorry you know you know
what I find interesting about this game
what my a mildly interesting a lot of a
lot of people watch at after I brought
off the you spider boss mom a lot of
people are bitching her all that blah so
I hate the boss what's going on in the
chat yeah I thought he was pretty easy
but but that the blood starve beast
right yeah I was reading some things
online a lot of people think he's super
easy and I was I was just getting
annihilated by that thing yeah me too I
think it's I think that's kind of weird
mmm it's all got to be in like strategy
on how you handle every boss everybody
can play this game a little bit
different did you hear I just like a few
tries hmm and I beat it it was it wasn't
like a super difficult thing for you
yes fascinating did you said they beat
him first try he fucked my ass for like
one and a half days
oh absolutely by the way absolutely the
epaulette star bees yeah eat idli did
you hear about the 12-hour glitch good
Bob
I think I've heard about what you person
by design because they think you're
taking too long with the game so they're
going losing on it which is we don't
know reportedly if you leave your place
that you have to disable the sleep mode
and leave bloodborne running for 12
hours straight
it can even be running just in the
background you know you can have other
apps going bosses become exponentially
easier to beat and there's video
documented proof of a let's player like
going through the same boss battles
after you know normally and then after
the 12-hour run yeah and they are much
easier hmm and yet no one knows if it's
like blood-borne trying to save on RAM
because the it's been running for so
long or maybe it's that maybe it's like
they think you're taking too long to to
beat the game so they want to make it
easier for you but it's it's a weird
glitch I have not taken advantage of it
yet because I'm not that kind of person
well does it have to be continuously
running or just accumulative 12 hours of
game time it has to be continuously
running that's weird that's weird that
sounds like a glitch them yeah right
how do I get this down without falling
you hear about the item duplication
glitch the item which I I think I think
that one's been then patched oh the
pebble glitch yeah yes or you could just
for the price of a pebble you could buy
like a hundred of those things they give
you blood echoes I give out yo mm blood
echoes at the time and you could you
could trade a pebble basically for a
cold blood do ya
is this the secret room because I think
I've talked to this guy before okay well
is this wizard out here really where is
he I I've heard I've read about this I
haven't seen it so take me to the wizard
you'll see okay I'm off to see the
Wizard you'll see wonderful it is I get
he gives you a bold hunter's mark okay
those are another quest he sends you
want I don't know he's still talking to
me I thought it was perfect like a whole
chain of things that have to happen
because when I when I went to replay the
game when I went to respect a new
character I want it because because you
have to kind of build with certain
weapons in mind which is another thing
I'm not super fond of I was just reading
up on what the different weapons were
and how you get them and what I wanted
to play around with on my next run mmm
and and a weapon that you get from this
quest came up that's why I heard about
it oh by the way I I talked to him again
and he gave me something I shake off
Cape keep keep talking to him and she
can't talk him talk to him anymore what
the hell okay
he gave me a something called shake off
Cape that's a girl
well the talks like a dude and now you
can't see his face okay wait what's a
shake off Cape you gotta see what that's
all about
that how's that a wearable no what what
is that
I don't know let's say it's an emote
shaketh cape
Oh shake of cape
oh okay so in my gestures if I if I can
switch wave for shake shake off Cape the
gestures do anything useful is that
justifying some multiplayer bullshit I
can't even get them the trigger right
the only way I've gotten one the trigger
is by going into the the test it out now
menu I'm supposed to shake the
controller a certain way and it never
works for me maybe I've got my
controllers shake features turned off
because I think that kind of stuffs a
little bit stupid I don't know
shake shake a shake of Cape but I don't
have a Cape but I'm still doing it you
have to you have to press a little you
know the front touch pad you have to
press down on the left side of it yeah
and then it gives you the gesture menu
and then you have to just choose the
correct one and hit X well here go back
to the gesture menu what are those what
are the controller motions do them what
is the purpose of that that's only if
you have the PlayStation Move like the
camera attached to your PlayStation and
then okay bar thing okay think
I don't you know also I don't know okay
I can now shake my Cape rich that sounds
amazing I can I don't know what that
does but it's it's in there so maybe if
I shake my Cape at the doll she gives me
something new is that it is that what
you well you know what and I'm still up
in the rafters I'll look for another
room maybe that wasn't the room you were
talking about mm-hmm so you know what
will dick around for a little bit
because somebody's saying you have to
hold X to use those so why don't you try
holding X and doing one of the motions
yeah no you don't hold X he just press X
you press X and then you do the motion
with the controller and they do it no no
you just press X in it oh my god are you
shooting at me no it sounds like they're
saying at any time you're gonna hold
down X shake the controller in the right
direction and it happens that it's not a
PlayStation camera moves oh my god
you're totally right you hold down X and
then you like
yeah that's how you do it that's right
okay okay that is you know what that is
that's a little silly I kind of like it
that's exactly how you do that and what
do you use that for like online play
probably probably so something we don't
generally care about um I don't see any
other secret areas I think that was the
room over there well that was little you
had to talk to that person then that
supposedly starts some kind of big quest
thing okay did you talk to them and they
start repeating the same thing over and
over I did okay so then something else
happens somewhere else I guess and the
story of that continued straight there's
so many things just to discover and this
game is kind of kind of amazing there
are like like that whole thing with the
daughter of one of the bosses I had no
idea that was in the game you found it I
didn't it's such it interesting optional
thing that can happen if you find it yes
I agree such a funny little thing this
this game does exploration and discovery
justice that's a that's a really good
way to put a wrench that is a really
good way to put it ah there you are you
dick
everybody's a dick I love that that's my
favorite thing that they whisper as they
die cuz you Beast
yeah this is not New Game+ this is
starting a new game for a new build just
for the hell of it
yeah we're just kind of dicking around
because we want to dick around not for
any particular reason we're just just
dicking around
well more so I'm doing it I am really
attempting to learn the the counter
system I'm not very good at the counter
system and so I I've chosen a weaker
weapon in hopes that it it forces me to
learn the counter system which I know is
very important and I don't use very
often so also the blood bullets are less
useless than I thought yeah yeah I at
the start of and after I die and come
back yeah
I'll usually right away get some blood
bullets and then I'll just use some vial
to heal me up oh sure it's alright so I
got those five extra bullets oh yeah
absolutely
then I'm then I'm not wasting my quick
silver at all cuz cuz health health
vials so easy to come by
oh yeah especially like in your first
exploration of a level you were going to
just just counting you know we need that
guy now we got to get my treasure all of
my treasures
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck the
rats the rats are not gonna kill me rich
I'm saying this right fucking now I
don't want the rats to kill me they're
definitely going through you I am I am
150 percent sure the rats are going to
kill you on your fucking start I tell
what their hats to kill me I would feel
really bad if the rats killed me I am I
am I am five thousand percent sure the
rats are going to failure you know with
your vote of confidence what killed me
last time I probably something stupid no
no it was a dish it was a dick shitting
on me you are but it's fine
I'm also kind of referencing in my phone
call before every fight Sophia gets less
and less confident your ability to win
every single boss it goes up 100% sure
you uh huh I am one hundred and fifty
percent sure it just goes up every time
Tyrone sloths rope this game as of right
now is a ps4 exclusive yes they say
somebody's saying this game is colorless
and bland say what you will about the
colors the design the art design for
some of the shit this game the
architecture and the enemies and the
costumes is all fucking great yeah every
time I see a new monster I'm fucking
amazed
yes and you know what the the early
levels yes a lot of browns a lot of
Gray's a lot of a lot of muted colors
yeah then you find the lost forest and
suddenly there's a lot of green or you
find skeleton City and all of the
enemies have incredibly bright white
faces no this this this game subverts
every single expectation you can throw
at it
including that it's a bland oh I'm I'm
also at the part of the game where there
is a Blood Moon going on and the whole
sky is fucking red and kind of trippy oh
nice yeah okay here's the spot sauce
beer I'm just gonna quip this for a
second just to show you guys for those
of you who haven't seen it this is the
weapon that I've been that I made but
I'm still using basically and it's an
awesome weapon it's an amazing weapon
behind it's so fuckin badass short form
long form so awesome and then you can
chain all of these super wicked ass
combos with it oh man
fucking love this weapon but we're not
using it fucking love it but we're not
using it we're using the cane we're
using the king all right here we go
fucking love that sauce beer and that's
just a weapon they give you if you
explore you have to you know like and
you have to explore to find it it's not
just waiting in your path you have to be
looking for it but if you you know if
you're just dicking around and looking
for you just find that weapon for free
and it's amazing to be fair bond god ugh
you've only seen jack stream the earlier
parts of this game that is true that is
true
I'll see what well see how far I can get
well it will show you the Forbidden
Forest or something like that someday
there are there are other colors yes and
like I said as far as art design goes I
do really like the look of some of the
stuff mmm oh no monster likes unique
monsters everyone is just great yes this
is the snake things
oh man the snake things the bud things I
haven't gotten to the bug things get the
creepy I'm sure they're creepy
these fucking crow things just creep the
shit out of me I love them
don't don't forget the the hunters set
of clothing in the sewers Jack oh yeah
yeah I just want to I think over here's
where you talk to the girl she's up
she's up another ladder in that area
your ad if you're by the ogre there's a
ladder there's a ladder by that ogre
that goes up yeah yeah that's where she
is okay then I don't want to leave this
or is it yeah oh yeah no there's a lot
more shit in the sewers EMC Lucas says
it's funny every praise you have for
blood-borne can be applied to Dark Souls
1 as well I hope you guys give that
another go sometime
I never I never said I wouldn't I never
I never said I refuse to play Dark Souls
I mean we streamed to that once we
played it for a little bit but oh yeah
it's more of I haven't gotten around to
picking it back up again
especially especially when we first
stream that I my computer wasn't capable
of running it anyway right that was all
streamed on Jack's computer or something
you know I'm sure especially after the
blood-borne I'm sure at some point I'll
get around to it it wasn't it wasn't one
I sworn off on ever playing ever because
I wasn't interesting interested in it
was just it was it's in my pile of I'll
get around to it someday games yes and
you know because of the hard time we had
streaming you know it's just not high on
my priority list but playing and
enjoying blood-borne as much as I have
been does make me want to revisit that
mm-hmm
absolutely guy Oh on that pike and there
are creepy
crows all around I hate you crows and
you know like even later on you get
badass weapons you can kill the crows in
one hit they still freak me the fuck out
so telegin says rich where do you see
our LM in the next five hundred years
probably in a pile of radioactive ash
with everything else yeah I mean I guess
the crazy countries are starting to get
nukes given time your North Korea's your
your Middle Eastern countries you got
your North Korean your Indian your
Pakistan and there's there's we're gonna
we're gonna see more nukes go off at
some time and you in humanity's future I
don't think it's gonna be limited to
those those two times it's gonna it's
gonna happen again at some point
these these are some of my favorite
monsters look at these guys just like
legolas abominations dripping in their
own puke it just takes one to start a
chain reaction of nukes yep one one
crazy person who built one in their
basement and yeah I I remember hearing
something the other day about kind of as
an experiment obviously they didn't have
the materials to do it but they tasked
just some everyday people with designing
just designing a nuclear bomb based on
publicly available materials and they
were able to design one that if they had
the materials to make it wouldn't be a
working bomb oh yeah these are just most
work working with with publicly
available material right
that's fantastic it takes it takes one
suicidal moron like like that fucker who
crashed the plane in where was that at 9
Germany oh yeah it's just one one
suicidal motherfucker who wants to take
a bunch of other people with him is
gonna start World War 3
you know Tyrone says you can't build a
nuke in a basement rich why can't you if
you know how to do it and the important
part is getting your hands on the
material mmm on the nuclear material
that's that's the hold up if you can do
that what would stop somebody that is a
big if but I'm just saying if wouldn't
take much in the grand scheme of things
I mean I think you're right but I'm also
very paranoid I mean the more skeptical
scientists might be right there might be
a perfectly good reason we haven't run
across intelligent life from other
worlds I mean you do know there's a
school of thought that thinks that most
civilizations when once they get to this
point end up destroying themselves
that's a legitimate answer
Fermi's paradox I've actually never I've
never heard that before
is that Fermi's paradox somebody's
paradigm I don't know you're a bigger
nerd yeah but I've never heard that
before but by the way makes 100% sense
because somebody somebody did the math
once the scientists and do the math you
know I've been normally right they
estimated that even even without faster
than light travel some alien
civilization could have easily have
colonized most every planet the galaxy
by now just just just by sending out
slower than Lightspeed vehicles sure
sure I know you can jump attack yeah so
the question is why why haven't we seen
alien law right if it should be
everywhere and one of the answers is
that most civilizations manage to kill
themselves they get to this point and
they nuclear
yeah yeah that makes sense I need to
take on the pig pig like I could be
cheap I might be cheap with the big
hairy feds says it would take thousands
if not millions of dollars to make a
nuclear bomb well you just need one
suicidal crazy rich person then don't
yet okay and we're gonna find a crazy
rich person and that's what you care
about saving your money some asshole was
willing to crash a plane with a hundred
fucking people 100 100 fuckin lives on
board cuz he wanted to take his own life
and they had no problems doing that
right you just need one asshole who
wants to make a bigger gesture
I mean you're right I mean you're right
okay with the ogres I think I got the
parry good they're easy to do it out
that's good training yes I just took out
two ogres in record time
feel good about that opening up new
pathways we're gonna go this way
crazy rich person needs knowledge of
nuclear physics I've just said they they
tasked regular people just with public
knowledge to design a bomb and they
could do it no no reason crazy rich man
could not do that right not at all
freakin seven eight three six you're not
much of a motivational speaker rich no
I'm a sinner I'm a cynic and a pessimist
yes well that with a tiny little
optimist buried somewhere deep down
inside that's slowly dying but never
quite dies all the way because that
would be too easy hope dies last because
hope dies last
that's you somehow found a way to make
it sadder it
I'm gonna try and look up where I heard
this okay about the nuclear bomb being
designed by normal people I wasn't built
they didn't give them they didn't give
them uranium it was just they designed
something on paper that could work as a
nuclear bomb if you had if you had the
materials come over here that's fine we
need anarchism Anarchy would never work
anarchy is doomed to failure by it by
human nature because there's there's
always gonna be some asshole that that
wants power this is why this is why
we've never had food communism is every
time they tried there's Stalin or Lenin
or a Castro who's gonna make themselves
a dictator for life yep and so you never
enter keys never gonna work and if you
could in theory start an anarchy and get
from government you would you would
slowly over years develop a feudal
system with small groups taking X number
of power and you'd have small pockets of
authority and and you just end up with
the same problems with government all
over again anarchy is doomed to failure
I really hope I killed that over yeah
give that over it would be behind me if
I didn't great
lock on the other
fighting werewolves everything's cool
I'll find where else
traditional anarchist always assumed
there would be highly organized society
and that's that's just too optimistic
human nature there's gonna be some
jaggoff some control freak who's gonna
want a little bit more a little bit more
power and everybody else that shit would
break down it might not happen overnight
but eventually that shit would break
down and you'd have little little
pockets of people who gained as much
power as they could and they want more
and there's gonna be all kinds of little
tiny Wars breaking out amongst these
placards and they're they're gonna
slowly consolidate and then you're gonna
you're gonna end up exactly where we are
anarchy would just naturally undo itself
let's talk about pies now we're getting
a little deep you know get a little
heavy talking about the pros and cons of
different governmental systems
gubernatorial systems oh there was the
latter I'm a dummy rich I am a dummy
that's okay though everything BK drummer
is quoting Animal Farm some animals are
more equal than others yes yes
nice first of all nice points you get
points okay great we're doing great link
I made it fun noise it's there
rich there are bad people that's why you
don't give them armies if if you get rid
of government there's nobody to keep the
bad people from paying for their own
private armies yeah then you just have
rich people that you have then you have
local warlords and bad things happen for
for everybody except the local warlord
that felt good that felt good I just I
just tore some shit up with my gun yeah
that felt pretty good
how far are we in our other playthroughs
of blood-borne I I just got to the Blood
Moon and I'm getting my ass kicked now
I'm gonna need to grind a bit more on
that playthrough actually the reason I
restarted was because I think I put too
many points and arcane which I don't
think is doing me much good so I just
kind of want to rebuild Oh
and see how experience with the game
made me better at it and it did and I
got I mean I I went to really far
branching mm-hm
I have a ton of areas open in India like
as far as like actual progression I'm in
the Forgotten forest yeah but I've been
a ton of places
just because I and I'm a big fan
backtracking and all I'm doing now is
actually looking for secrets mmm and I'm
going to a whole bunch of different
places and unlocking paths that I I
didn't think we're there before and just
right now I'm literally dicking around
and loving every moment of it I'm not
trying to get far at the moment so cuz
I'm just you know I'm just enjoying it
Rhett fix rat dicks but and as far as
actual progression I'm in the I'm in the
Forbidden Forest or whatever you call
that close
oh you dick rat like I got that in this
game I got that I forget exactly what
it's called Ludwig's great sword or
Ludwig's ultimate sword and the stats on
that it's scaled with strength skill and
arcane hmm so you know I already had a
lot of points in strength so instead of
investing in in skill the other half of
I put the point I put a lot of points to
arcane right okay and then I finally
found a blood gem that gave me arcane
damage oh wait I can't wait to see what
this does right cuz I got I got 25
strength 15 skill and and 22 arcane and
once you put the gem on for the arcane
damage like the benefits you got from
the strength and skill just vanished and
and the benefit I was getting from that
or that arcane gem and the arcane skill
yeah was wasn't that as good as what
strength alone was getting me so it was
like it was like I wasted a shitload of
skill points into hurricane I was very
irritated and I restarted the game to
respect that's kind of what happened
sure sure
oh my god with my glasses now rich let
me see if I can move the camera I kind
of look badass I look like I look like a
like an alien you'll see in a second I
just I just switched to the hunters garb
I just you know equipped all the hunters
car yeah and kind of looking like a
badass cool no yeah that's kinda neat
now it covers up the Iceland almost
entirely yeah yeah and you know Ludwig's
holy blade I I tried that like I did all
weapons and just the thing with it is
you know in the strong form you're using
two hands so you don't get the gun but
you can you'd always switch to one and
use the gun oh sure sure
but I because I don't use parrying I I
switched the gun out for a flamethrower
because because I don't use the bearing
and so I it just it didn't make any
sense for me now now what I want to know
with C I wish I wish I wish the game
explained some of the stats that stuff
because I don't know how it works like
when you have a weapon that that scales
in both strength and skill does it just
take the larger of the two into
consideration like if you have a a you
know you're better off just putting all
your your your points into strength or
skill or do you want to evenly
distribute it between both like what
what gives you the greater benefit this
is just does it just benefit from the
larger one or is the average both or is
the things I don't know when I'm playing
and I find it annoying sure but I mean I
bet you can find those answers like that
arcane thing that sword really pissed me
off because I spent a lot of time
leveling that because I wanted to see
how badass that weapon would be was
earth once not not only will say getting
my strength benefit but I was gonna get
some badass electrical damage with that
too and that'll be great and then just
dig it completely just deflated my ya
know and I put up I put a bunch and you
not arcane what was it what's the other
one down there I put a bunch early on in
- or maybe arcane and then I found that
lightning bolts spear or the lightning
bolt weapon and man I'm just killing it
now
oh my god the gun is so useful as
someone who's just discovering how
useful this gun is rich the gun is so
useful
Shia smells as rich depends upon the
weapon and then I'll have a letter
saying how good yeah I mean there's
there's there's weapons with multiple
letters for different stats mm-hmm does
it just scale based on the highest one
or is it the average of both or what is
it hmm
like the Ludwig sword it scales on both
strength and skill now are you better
off putting 20 points into strength are
you better off having or is it just as
good to have 10 in strength and 10 in
skill sure right right oh here she is

[Part IV]
Oh mega 370 thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it I'm in a Don
point I'm talking to the little girl
right now so yeah well that's gonna be a
real down point god you thought this
chat was depressing before oh wow he's
one of daddy's favorite sighs poor
doomed doing little girl that you're
talking to a future a future
nine-year-old corpse right I kill these
people already I don't think I did I
think I skipped this area the ogre
sneaks up on you see for like the
Ludwig's blade I would love that you
know it'd be great if I could just put
stats in skill does that I can switch
between them and the cane no fucking gun
but but the gun doesn't always work with
the big bosses this is my problem with
it I don't know like I'm liking the cane
so far it's fun you know it's not it's
definitely not as oh fuck oh fuck oh
fuck oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck it's not as
satisfying as
as the the Bloods fetus beer you know
the blood sphere definitely I mean it
had more blood but the canis is awesome
badass whip it is it is but it's the I
don't know when when the weapon I I
imagine once the weapon itself is
leveled and if you have a high skill
stat that is probably pretty badass I'm
sure is my guess it's probably one of
those things that you have to invest a
lot of effort in before you get a no big
payoff sure it's the it's the Charmander
of weapons
it's the Bulbasaur of weapons it's like
like in ninja gaiden no there's there's
like a one weapon it's I figured exactly
what they call it the training sword or
something it's like just it's a wooden
sword it does next to no damage but if
you spend a shitload of money upgrading
it it turns into the most powerful
weapon in the game really it has that it
has that ability yeah it's really funny
yeah they say min in Pokemon is you know
you get to choose from three starters
and you know there's a fire at grass and
a water and the water is the kind of the
middle ground the fire you learn a flame
move really easy on in one of the first
places you go is like a bug for so you
can just demolish everything but if you
choose the the leaf one then it's a
little harder it's a little harder but
later on if you if you level them up
pretty damn badass
I've been up here where am I going rich
I don't know where am I gonna be what am
i doing you probably need to beat father
Guercio that's where I'm going
yes I need to go be father guy see home
that's where I was going great I got the
music oh I should equip the music box
you know all I need is this tiny music
box you know I I know you're all
depressed but this is been a fun stream
for me yeah you took it to a weird place
then I guess that's fine you know we got
to talk about something these are the
things I think about yeah yeah all right
I mean that's fine it's not all Star
Trek it's not I think about the
depressing future of humanity I love
that it's not all Star Trek look
basically no matter what humanity's end
is going to be depressing no matter what
and and you know even if we don't manage
to blow ourselves off sure let's say the
sake of argument humanity does go on and
and spreads throughout the galaxy yeah
things are gonna be really good for
billions of years things are gonna be
great for billions of years but then can
you imagine what humanity you know in
theory if humanity lasts that long what
what is going to happen once he death of
the universe starts kicking in once the
stars type start dying off sure can you
imagine all of the wars that this
humanity that has spread throughout the
galaxy is is going to have to have
patrol of the last remaining stars that
haven't gone to vote can can you imagine
how depressing life's gonna be on that
that last that last red dwarf star in
the galaxy that's still burning
Ryan's these people are just basic
waiting for civilization mmm there's
just less and less powerful for
everybody can you imagine how how
depressing that's gonna be and billions
of years I think here's the great thing
is I don't I don't care I don't care or
think about any of that ever oh I can go
get the pig I think I'm gonna go try to
kill the pig I don't just don't you know
I'm I'm thinking about like tomorrow do
I want don't want scrambled eggs or
hard-boiled probably hard-boiled I've
been I've been going pretty hard boiled
lately he he death is a suit is a theory
yes so is evolution suck it up
we will have evolved the beings of pure
energy by then they're gonna need
they're gonna they're gonna the heat
deaths just gonna hit them just as much
all right
I don't see energy being needs energy
from something there's no energy in the
universe there's there's nothing there's
no way to live no way to survive are you
gonna shove your hand up that pig's ass
fucking know it I did it
Oh God wait to see it did you see it
already
uh-huh oh no I'm climbing down the
ladder now it's nuts because oh sorry
okay which needs a nerd of his caliber
to talk about these things
that's what Karen's for what's down here
can I go down here probably done I'll
probably die if I go down here I don't
want to do that then
that's what Karen's who are you seeing
it did you see me just rip that pigs
asshole over right out of his butt well
is there anything down that got a hole
like that's what I was just looking at
and it's like I'm I can't see anything
will die you know of course I just yeah
so wait till you know like wait till I
beat father golf at home and then we'll
maybe we'll just could take a quick trip
cuz I drew blood huh spend your blood
echoes first yeah exactly bring the next
step in human evolution is that we'll
combine ourselves with computers and
become transhumans that should is right
around the corner that's still not going
to survive the heat death of the
universe right if you could merge
yourself with a computer you will be
immortal right into the lead death right
until there is no more power to power
your computer right and then you are as
dead as everyone else mm-hmm but I
basically constantly dead is all you
have to look forward to oh it's just
gonna be a depressing universe at that
point for words there's gonna be there's
gonna be nothing but black holes and
they will slowly decay mm-hmm and then
eventually there will be there will be
nothing that is what the science thinks
the most likely future of the University
sure but it won't affect us here's this
is the real thing it won't affect us and
it won't affect our children and it
won't affect our children's children's
children so why even worry about it just
do what you can for today don't try to
do what you came for today and try to
make the world a little bit better for
the people coming after that's all we
got to worry about keep doing that until
the universe ends and I think we'll be
fine you know but in the end it's all
pointless Jack if it was all point it's
already eventually it's all pointless I
don't care
huh I don't care
yeah of course it's pointless so what
enjoy it while it lasts
this is there we go so it's not I don't
I don't need a purpose fucking camera
glitch camera budged
why are we talking about these things
that will have millions of years after
we are dead anyways for what it's it's
like hundreds of billions of years right
and secondly I'm talking about it
because I find it interesting and fun
fascinating at the very least
don't use this up too many times how
many times can I use it three and then
he instantiy instantly transforms open
the big beast well shit I just fucked up
that I guess and he did I found I could
I could I thought I could disband on it
Oh jack Oh Jack get get good with a gun
he's easy to he is his weaknesses he's
fairly easy to parry oh great
so don't don't be afraid to heal and
counter he just ripped me a brand new
acid I got him once though I parried him
once I felt pretty good about that I
felt pretty good about that
alright get good I'm getting good
zero zero left turn only zero since each
exploding star creates a new star
I don't think stars can run out they
just cause a lot of destruction no but
but there's a thing called entropy
though now every time you create a new
star there's there's less and less fuel
I'm eventually there will be no more
visible material in the universe stars
will have stars will have nothing to
burn even the you know they can blow up
and reforms which is the one eventually
they're gonna run out of stuff to burn
right that's gonna happen and science
energy energy cannot be created nor
destroyed but the problem is entropy
which means that a lot of that energy
scatters its diffusive it's way out
there you can't you can't do anything
with it
right yeah that's yeah what he said
a pathetic one says nerds yes have you
not noticed yeah they say I mean this is
like even a little a little too nerdy
for me but it you know yeah you go with
it you go well let's let's let's talk
about something less depressing let's
let's talk about the Cubs that junk
literally means nothing I want to tell
you that I don't even I don't understand
anything that joke at all the Cubs
let's depress them the heat death of the
universe that's what they got I'm sure
there are people who are like sports
people who get that and
really doing that's fine I guess I don't
need to I have a question about the
music box can I use it when he's in
monster for murder than him does it not
matter you can use it three times before
he turns into a monster and then you can
use it once when he's a monster okay
great I can use it three times then he
turns into a monster then I can use it
once when he's a monster okay that's
great that's good to know
we're gonna try to be to begin
whoo
rich view watch the Bulls at all I don't
go out of my way to watch the Bulls but
having having grown up with Michael
Jordan it's really hard to get into the
Bulls now it's like it's like you had
caviar I had caviar every day from like
the time I was six to the time I was in
my 20s and and now it's nothing but meat
loaf
have you ever had caviar no you probably
can cuz you it would kill you yeah it's
a thing I know no I get that metaphor I
just what I wanted to talk about food
for a second it's like I've never had
caviar yeah and I enjoy fish so I wonder
if I would I wonder if I would enjoy a
caviar why didn't you get him
shit he's good with his gun - oh shit
fuck fuck rich I forgot to pick up my
blood-stained Oh jack
I started fighting him right away
because it's like Oh ed now is the time
to fight him and I've fucking lost my
blood stain get your prayer already
straight I wasn't thinking
you know what I wasn't thinking it's
gonna be easy to make up a whatever
thousand it was in the next section oh
yeah I know it's it'll be fine and then
that's the the real lesson learned is um
uh you just you just don't need to level
up as much as you think you do mmm
that's that's the one thing I really
learned in my first playthrough is just
you know you can beat him uh yeah I want
to say I beat the the blood starve Beast
that was the the monster I was stuck on
last time I was dreaming I beat him with
barely any items like almost no health
potions almost no antidotes yeah and
just because I got good oh I hate that
thing though the last time I fought him
it my second time through it only took
like four tries right so kind of
interesting kind of interesting cuz
that's how this game works going through
again was really interesting yeah
oh my god I just can't the other thing I
can't get over and for people who play
this game a lot I probably just slapping
themselves in the forehead which is like
it
so like this thing I'm doing with the
ogres here he's shooting them with the
gun and then one-shotting them I never
did that I never did that because
because I didn't understand it all I did
was just like you know rolled away and
it took me you know five years to beat
those ogres I could do it easily but it
just took me a long time because it was
just roll away smack smack smack we're
always max max back right I can't
believe how fucking easy there that's
the easiest monster in the world Geoff's
talking about the Cubs now yeah it is it
has been over a century mmm since the
last time they won a World Series over a
century yeah kind of amazing how are you
still a baseball team at that point
especially considering for most of that
time they're only like fucking six teams
should ml be expanding at the 60s so
what you're saying is they sucked even
from the beginning oh no in the
beginning they want like two or three
early on okay like like for the first
for the first ten years of World Series
they were they were like top contenders
or the best even baseball and then
nothing really this is why they talk
about that ridiculous curse of the goat
the recursive the goat yeah what's that
Oh Cubs fans are superstitious idiots in
the 1940s a man tried to bring in his
pet goat to a World Series game okay
like brought his pet goat to a baseball
game a World Series game
they told him no and the the legend is
that after that he cursed the team to
never win another World Series
really really like Cubs fans are idiots
they they love the story and I hear it
it just sounds retarded like the hosts
curse is a fucking goat with the Red Sox
their curse was no selling Babe Ruth to
the Yankees that's sure yes that's a
good start of a baseball curse something
you know baseball related to contrast
the the White Sox right they also had
like like a 90 year drought for World
Series they won they won like 10 years
ago they're gonna flee but before that
they they hadn't won since like 1918 and
that was that was when they had the the
scandal where they actually the White
Sox through the 1918 World Series for
gambling money really yes and you know
what
no white sized fan ever talked about a
curse and if you're gonna have something
that's curse worthy it's throwing a
World Series right oh yeah
no one on the south side ever talked
about curse and shit's just ridiculous
Cubs fans something about the north side
it's the goat it's the curse of that
damn goat like every now and then
they'll do like some kind of ceremony
that's supposed to remove the Goat curse
like they'll go walk a goat through
Wrigley Field they do not they they've
done shit like that
it's absolutely retarded that is crazy
yeah the neck the 1918 Black Sox through
all through a World Series no White Sox
fan ever talk about the curse of the
black sauce never happened in fact they
even kind of embraced the color black
that kind of became the team's color not
white but black yeah
shooting dick
what's that smell it's either a
reference to goat or fight close to me
I'm not sure which certificate just for
good work
I'm kind of being cheap here this is how
I beat him last time Richard wasn't 1918
it was 1990 okay I could be wrong about
you yeah they did throw the World Series
in that general area of time
sure eighteen nineteen eighteen might've
been the last one thing one man I don't
believe
now indict me dick
you
dick dick feel joy heal I did I I'm
happy alone he'll trying to I'm trying
to shoot him trying to does does the
Cannes charge attack have much reach
when it's in whip form I mean you know
not stamp stand a little ways away from
and then just start charging that attack
he'll probably walk right into it III
don't know if it'll work for the cane it
works with the axe okay now he's in
beast form run away and hit him on the
stairs that's what I did last time I can
fight him easier on the stairs
fuck except for one night I don't walk
on him
when when will you retire if I'm still
doing this kind of shit probably never I
mean I'm I'm I'm fortunate enough to be
working with my best friend's in the
world doing doing things I like doing
when I was younger
typically retire from something you hate
doing slave away at that desk all day
for thirty years you want to retire from
that like like you know what would I do
if I retired from best of the worst I
would hang out with Mike and J and watch
bad movies in my retirement so you just
wouldn't film it right right that's
that's I'm lucky enough to be doing this
ship for that long we'll see about that
yeah I'm always waiting for the bottom
to fall out you kiddin it fell out years
ago we just we just haven't fallen yet
all right back on it died again I have
troubles with him I don't get it that's
nice butch but the universe is going to
end someday what's the point the point
the point not there needs to be a point
is enjoying the time you do have yes you
don't have to worry about a greater
purpose take take it take it day by day
day by day
dude what would it take for rlm to stop
existing decrease in views decrease in
revenue sure the normal things that stop
businesses right right the normal things
that stop businesses I think like the
only the only big difference would be
like let's assume let's say there's a
world in which just you know ad revenue
dried up and and nobody watched the
videos we made anymore what would happen
is we'd all have to get normal jobs
again we would still make the videos we
would just make them less often and you
know that's it but I I mean we were all
making videos before we got paid for it
so I can only imagine that we would
continue doing that after unless
everybody started Scott oh sure well
that's possibility yeah that's that's a
possibility
but I don't know I mean we I mean we
would still make videos of our own I
could only assume even even if everyone
started scanning what is my reach at
this
oh my God why do you've not been using
the reach to its full advantage heaven
what you've not been using the reach
tool its advantage have you
I uh no no that was specifically you
know the the giant ball of fire I
pressed a dodge to the left but I rolled
forward right into it why don't why
don't you run off the bridge entirely
just you just go up far enough to
trigger everybody and then run away and
then the boulder will take care of all
of those bad guys and then you'll be far
out of the way at the boulder that's
what I do
sure I just run up far enough to get
everyone's attention and then get the
fuck out of Dodge
sure I mean that's all be somewhere to
the left-hand side of those steps oh
sure but you don't have to you know you
can just you just roll out of the way I
guess I just let me or maybe you can't I
guess I don't know have we talked about
Robert zidar yet you know if we do that
if I'm probably wouldn't chase around
yeah the the first Robert did our thing
I saw was a samurai cop I want to say
yes that's definitely probably more of a
Jay topic yeah I mean you know he was
older was there a was there a drug thing
with a mare no hey I'm not sure what it
was look at the man's jaw he he had to
have had health problems I mean he died
due to shin complications that might be
means well that's probably what happened
no I can't sure I'm sure that came with
other genetic medical issues actually
yeah that might be true
that actually might be true do you I
want to heal let me heal this palooka
Jay talk about Robert Saddam and and
Twin Peaks
oh yeah Jay was going off on Twin Peaks
apparently David Lynch is no longer
doing it according to Jay he might do it
yet it's just a discussion agreement of
money thanked right well that's what
that's what Jay was tweeting about it
today
Oh wasn't he was tweeting about it later
today and and Lynch was tweeting about
it which is Lynch is saying they're not
prepared to give him as much money I
want and so he's not gonna do it well
this is this is further updates then yes
and you know that's a thing I don't know
maybe it's getting too late maybe even
playing too long I'm done I'm dying
needless deaths now rich well I feel
like I am I feel like I'm dying
needlessly I'm just gonna run past you
this time birds and ogres that's what
I'm feeling like cuz I can riot crew
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we do ten months
in a row did you want to read some of
the other new ones
um I don't think we have or oh we got on
Lord Lord Bail Bonds thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it that's the
only one I have okay okay that's the
only new new one
oh my god we got to figure that out
because it's that would be far too handy
thing yes I do want to thank people but
I don't like interrupting what we're
talking about mid conversation so we
don't miss any of them you know I don't
like that it'd be nice to have I'll up
nobody beat them all of us okay well and
you know what we're halfway there
because we have we have a way to get all
of the new subscribers and so now we
just need a way to get three subscribers
on that list and I will look into it you
know what I will look into it
I didn't trigger the ball of fire
give it time run up until they notice
you and then run away well you know one
of the guys start running toward you run
away yeah I did that they followed me I
don't mean I killed them it's fine
everything's fine two of them followed
me Jim two of them I've never had the
boulder not come down after me oh no no
it came down eventually oh okay it's
fine everything's fine everything's fine
all the time
what are you complaining about no no
what everything happened exactly as I
said what yeah oh yeah but it was you
didn't you didn't get hit by the boulder
and you're alive and that's good thing
mmm why are you complaining no I'm not
complaining not complaining everything's
fine
not complaining everything is
everything's fine most of the time
okay I can't forget that I have a tiny
music box I have the tiny music box okay
and away we go
well are you I was kind of a I was a bit
exploit and if you use like this he's
like gravestones he can't really hit you
last that's that's exploiting an
unnecessary we should be more scope from
that I'm sorry huh
I'm sorry I should be more skill than
that yeah I mean I should be should be
should not need to do that I agree with
you
Don Gately says read have you ever seen
Ricky oh I I don't even know what the
fuck that is so there you go
no no clue it's not like an animate oh
it's an animator is it I have no idea of
anime a musician did some kind of flower
goo a flower maybe that would be nice
I'm shooting me
stop shooting me I don't care about my
bloodline I had nothing on that blood
sign anyway it doesn't matter I wasn't
going I'm just looking to kill him I'm
trying I'm Jenny I'm this is the the
tough thing for me on this is unlearning
my tactics
you know yeah I'm saying rich you with
me you feel me I'm making I'm making a
concentrated effort to unlearn the
tactics that have proven to work for me
because I know later on that they
probably will not work and with bosses
in general my tactics don't work you
know yeah I mean you've got a you've got
to learn versatility there's some that
you know that that tactic might not work
on that boss but it might work on this
other boss like that that bridge one you
couldn't really counter him race I
couldn't but like the Blood star beast I
encountered you can counter him left him
fucking right like I know I know that
father Garcia is very colorful maybe
maybe he's easier to counter once he
goes into the double-handed X mode sure
cuz he's got longer wind-ups for that
shit maybe maybe I know I initially take
a lot of health off of him what charge
tax I let him just walk right into my
charge attack and it it works all the
fucking time
okay listen we're gonna keep trying okay
for a little bit longer I got stuff to
do tomorrow sure I I gotta be at the
studio earliest tomorrow because the
internet guy is coming and we're gonna
have internet at the studio again which
means we'll be able to stream in studio
Internet we like internet I do need to
get good you're right Krieger seven
I need to get good
I mean to get good I'm not gonna use the
Bell I'm playing offline you can oh yeah
all right well I know that bridge guy
you can actually get farther Garcia to
help you yeah yeah oh that's really
funny
yep but I don't think he'll help you to
beat himself oh I'm not sure if you get
a a random hunter I doubt that's the
case but I have red I've never done it
myself that you can get NPCs that's very
fun you know fly mode what is the
Internet yeah yeah what is the Internet
that's what we're saying you feel me
what is love baby don't baby don't hurt
me I don't know the lyrics damn it so
that's all there is don't hurt me don't
hurt me no more that's all that there's
no I don't think there's any more lyrics
to that song so so it's like smooth
criminal what are you doing right smooth
criminal yeah any any any don't you ok
annie are you ok are you ok are you ok
annie are you ok are you ok are you ok
are you ok are you ok annie annie are
you ok are you ok Annie Annie are you ok
that's that's 99% of the song I know
there's a few other things but it's
mostly just Annie are you ok are you ok
are you ok annie i okay that's crazy
oversimplifying
Oh
it's like watching a baby being born is
it because that would be weird if that's
true
to do it
nope yeah I just realized we're talking
about the heat death of the universe
I'm Easter Sunday makes it that much
better
fuck
hey chat ascend jack remember the CQC
the CQC music box that were funding
right oh right
oh fuck I did I got I got pretty far
like them I finally got him to his
monster without using the music good
good
I was doing I was doing it rich I was I
was actually parrying I was doing the
thing I was supposed to be doing that's
that's that's good I feel like I've
learned something
what's the CQC the music box I'm sure
they're talking about the club close
quarters combat remember I don't know
what does that mean close quarters kind
of it how are you talking about doesn't
talk about what I was saying you should
do about charging I I was doing I was I
got in Thomas its CQC is them fucking
with you haha it's metal gear close
quarter combat oh fuck reference to
something fuck man fuck me I don't care
I don't care I did I did well that time
I'm feeling good about me you can you
know you can make all the Metal Gear
jokes you want I'm just gonna be here
feeling good about me no I haven't
played Metal Gear 3 chat because I don't
like the Metal Gear series I thought I
thought Metal Gear Solid was a little
bit too silly for what kind of okay and
then I thought the second one was kind
of sound just completely absurd and I
really wasn't interested after that I
think that's fair rich yeah I think
that's really fair
Metal Gear Solid had some really fun
ideas and had some really fun sections
and it's it's my personal opinion I
would have I would have liked to have
seen that handled a bit more seriously
what you doing this tactical espionage
thing and then fighting this crazy anime
doobs yeah you know it got a little it
got a little silly yeah yeah I'm not
really blaming the game fair just wasn't
gonna really to my taste and then just
reading about the second one it's like
what fuck this changing the main
character what's the retarded idiot and
just convolution for convolutions sake
you can't just tell a simple good story
it's gotta be this nutty crazy nonsense
I do remember in the friend Metal Gear
Solid when you face a mantis you know
like the psychic man who can fly yeah
because that's a normal thing that
happens in a spy espionage game I mean
that bit with the controller and the
memory card that's clever weren't it
when they couldn't get a memory
yeah that's fun he would read your
savegame files off of your memory card
and be like I see you've been playing
SSX tricky instead of learning how to
fine it was cool
Kassie at least oh I still dudes alive
it's fine dude do everything is fine all
of the time everything's grand when he
did it it do if you hate wait you hate
fun if you don't like Metal Gear Solid
silliness you know wait wait wait I need
to correct somebody Lord Belmont says
but seriously rich go get Molotov
cocktails that will really help you
killed the priest of the cemetery oh
dear God I'm not playing I'd I'd have
beaten this guy an hour ago oh god no no
no this is all jack is all jack yes
Jack Jack is playing I'm sorry I had to
correct them I had to I'm sorry I mean I
don't I don't I really don't think you
had to I don't think that's very
necessary but that's fine
did you fight him with the whip for the
thing this whip thing is tough I was
using the axe okay but I was still doing
the parry things yeah lot and and and
you know what I am learning it carefully
you don't like run out of your surplus
of bullets right
wait I didn't do the thing I didn't do
the thing Oreo Speedwagon says we punch
out is why I know rich got further in
blood
as a boss I read a lot yeah my favorite
boss bugs tend to be duels when you're
evenly matched with whoever it is left
less so than fighting big giant things
sure fighting big giant things is
hey you can't shoot me through a tree
dick I mean you can you just did what
Wow
Dubcek good didn't forget about the user
pockets are using it right now
I think I just did it I think I just did
it right all right rich I think I just
figured out how to use that parry system
30 hours of playing the game I just
figured out how to use the parry system
I feel pretty good about that that was a
that was a rather easy victory good you
did I hope and I hope people can see
like how it clicked like you know I'm I
really am trying to better the chat is
being very supportive Thank You Chad I
appreciate that
okay oh wait oh I did collect my blood
echoes great of course I don't have any
now but that's fine
too much nucleuses Jack just leveled up
in real life I mean that's not true at
all but but I appreciate the vote of
confidence no if anything I just got
worse at real life because I got better
at video games
alright now I gotta go get the locket
then I would think I want to go talk to
that little girl again okay I mean but
we should definitely we should we should
end on a high note
you know we've well then definitely
don't talk to that little girl again
oh I just meant in general you know
don't don't forget the mother on the
roof
yeah oh that's why I just got it okay
okay mom but I'm watching delayed oh
that's right you know that I know you
know what I do know this
that's the then you know what I hooting
that's what rich and I have discovered
in playing this game is like just
getting better at the moves of the game
is far more important than leveling up
anything that's some of that that we
have discovered as well and leveling up
is also important I think I still think
it's important you need both a mix you
need a mix but like so much can be
accomplished with justice getting better
at the game are you gonna charge charge
heading before they turn around you
don't have to get too close just need to
be far enough way to hit them no and you
know what the whip the whip doesn't have
the charge hit you know it doesn't have
a charge you know the the where you you
hold down long enough it goes off the
whip does not have that really the cane
does okay but then let's get the reach
that's some new information yeah so like
the cane that hit where it goes blue
like that but when you're in the whip it
doesn't but you have a little more reach
yes I've heard that some guy beat this
game without levelling up he's a crazy
man
he's a crazy man and nobody should do
that you don't think no I don't think no
you don't think oh no no I mean he's a
crazy man
oh yeah that's right I was gonna go talk
to the girl
don't do the girl go kill some ovis and
talk to a girl or do I want to wait and
talk to her until I get to the church
Anna go goes being slayed shining coins
I haven't used any shining coins you did
you did you light the lantern by father
Jean
no did I I don't know why you just run
back there and do it next time you got
the shortcuts unlock to Kevin that
beckoned him he's still gonna be dead
yeah you know what I might not have well
you'll be fine you'll be fine yeah oh
yeah I'm not I'm not worried no worried
I just might not have leftover beefcake
says just think Jack all of your success
here is ultimately for nothing
thanks to heat death of the universe and
it's it's true it's true you know I can
only hope that my slight victory here is
talked about right up until the very end
I can only imagine that right before the
death throes of the universe they say
hey do you remember that time that one
guy in the Internet did that thing that
everyone else did what what happens to
heaven after the heat death of the
universe is heaven immune you know we've
had some we've had some serious talks
already let's just not go oh this isn't
a criticism this is just a curiosity I'm
not I'm not trying to make a religious
point zero you are not what I'm what I'm
making a point I'll be farmer
attack me again like will heaven are you
still friends with the same people after
like a million years I mean I would only
assume so
anyone you want be careful dismiss them
we got that one that's pretty easy where
they reel back but their other attacks
are pretty quick that's what I'm trying
to fit oh they can't they can't cross
this threshold by the way okay that's
good to know yeah you can just kind of
lure him here I get them no dammit I
can't this is and this was my initial
problem with this whole like dodging odk
that's exactly the kind of thing that
I'm fascinated by rich what if your wife
dies and then you remarry and then you
both die so what are you doing heavy you
know yeah you true to your first
sweetheart or is it the remarried
wife well by the way that's why for a
long time you were not allowed to
remarry in the church just for that
reason
because you know they were very
practical oh yeah this is kind of
exploiting you can just kind of like
hold them here at the edge like you you
die you're really you're really in love
with your your your wife or husband
right right and you're just waiting
you're just waiting for them to come be
with you again right yeah and then and
then when they die they they they
remarried and they would rather be with
their new wife but I mean is it still
heaven if you can't be with the person
you love the most in the world
you know perhaps it's it is it isn't
actually just due to human nature
impossible to be guaranteed happy in
heaven well people people still aren't
gonna get along people are still gonna
have issues no no perhaps they're still
going to have to literally perhaps
instead of heaven being you know cuz
you're thinking about heaven as a
physical space okay if Heaven is a
mental space literally everyone could
have whatever they want all the time and
not ever have to worry about you know
like because like let's say let's say I
well so you're not actually interacting
with anybody else exactly it's all in
your head it's all it's
that's a whole different kind that's
truly depression depressing you're
you're you and that at that worldview
you're gonna be forever alone no you're
not gonna be ill interaction with
somebody else no you would never know
you would never know it's still a
depressing thought no it's fine you know
what it's fine Oh Dinah some fucking
dogs
take those stupid fucking dogs you're
gonna call the ogre over here aren't you
free group seven eight three studs this
is so silly what if there is a heaven
these are legitimate issues silly or not
a lot of people believe in this and if
it is a real thing these are issues yes
it sounds silly but it's not see that's
what that's why I think it's not issues
like it's you're thinking about it in a
physical sense when it's a when it's a
mental spiritual thing you know or like
what if what you're either really seeing
your loved ones again or you're not no
but it's just all your own mind and
you're stuck with your own mind forever
which in some ways is kind of a hell no
no it's perfect but it's perfect in
every way you've ever wanted it to be I
I wouldn't want that I don't want
perfect or I do know people I want the
people I know and and all of the the
messiness and horribleness that might
come with it but I want the truth
perhaps due to the power of the one true
God you just you can duplicate souls I'm
making up rules you know why because
that's what you do you can make it look
at but you're in love with its duplicate
they still wouldn't love you back if you
know if you're changing that you're
changing them it's not they take the
part of the duplicate that loves oh oh
okay okay oh what's what is some out of
it someone you're ever married somebody
truly wait rich rich rich rich rich I
hit the girl in the in the window what's
I accidentally swung my cane and she
like she shuddered I hit her you're
terrible I hit her again well don't do
that you're a horrible human being I'm
just saying you can hit her anyway
oh my god I can give her the red jeweled
brooch did you give her the jewel
I told her to go to the cathedral and I
used the jewel for myself it wasn't a
prick I'm gonna give it to her but I
didn't beat her I gave her the jewel
okay I just want to see what happens I
also took the jewel in my first
run-through well don't don't leave this
area come back and kill that pig down in
the bottom II don't do that all right
don't don't don't like leave this area
go to the hunters dream don't come back
and don't fight that giant pig in the
sewers just don't do that
you'll be fine exactly what I said she's
just crying now you wait something you
do want me to go fight the pig just tell
me what to do Ritz what do you I'm this
is my friend run run do you would you
why would I say not to do that why do
you what do you think I would say well
of course you want me to do that but I'm
just like you I could just tell you yeah
just tell me what's going on she she
gets eaten by the pig Oh fine
kill the pig and you find a rivet we'll
see you didn't need to tell me that you
just should have said go you just told
me tell me I said you want me to tell
you I ain't like I like made the hint so
fucking obvious that that a moron could
have figured it out given them no one
wanted you insisted I tell you what
happened huh then you get mad at me this
is not fair I told you to tell me what
to do not tell me what happened
so she gets eaten by the pig she's eaten
that's great so I just lost my jewel for
nothing oh yeah I can probably get it
well you could have you could have just
told her about the chapel the same thing
would have happened and you'd still have
your Joel
maybe maybe she'd drop like you didn't
you don't want to listen to me any step
of the way wait so does she drop the
jewelry maybe I'm gonna say no anything
I'm I'm gonna say you've lost that okay
well I'm gonna go down and fight to pick
anyway to see what happens when you drop
down that thing I don't know I don't
know if you have to leave the area and
come back or if just automatically
happens well I'm gonna leave the area
and spend my my blood echoes and then
I'm gonna drop down the thing and
that'll be there
the point is Jack killed the dad beat
the girl and now she's crying waiting to
die absolutely do you want you want more
spoilers no no don't give me more time
don't okay yes about what happened
doctor goes to the church well he has a
sister oh my god that's it really
yeah yeah this family makes makes that
makes it out great this night everything
everything just comes up roses for this
whole family but that that girl has a
sister that's great
I think you're right Jimmy Jam 5 when
rich and I get to heaven we won't talk
to each other for like the first
millennia I think you're absolutely
right
I'm gonna level up my cane because I
think I have enough things to level up
my cane fortify weapon loner Archon I
have fought that boss I have gotten as
far as the beating the spider boss
I am I am in the unseen village there's
big red moon and that's as far as I've
got Oh everyone keeps asking where I am
in the game that's where I am and I'm
farting around
and yes atomic glitch if you could turn
into a robot you can be turned into a
girl robot with chainsaw hands we can we
can do that I suppose I suppose the any
kind of robot you want to be I can only
raise one up okay yeah I see so I really
do want to want to raise that skill okay
nothing all right yeah spam skill what
what happens with androids when they
died and they get to keep their robot
bodies in heaven when androids die they
Dream of Electric Sheep I mean you don't
care about that you don't care about any
of this stuff oh no I do want to buy
stuff pretty just like dumbs moltov
purchased some old dolls cuz you know
what you keep these and mothballs every
once in a while get some old thongs
blood vials you never need blood vials I
like throwing knives
do you like throwing knives I like
throwing knives yeah I think they're fun
not much you son they're not much you
son bosses but no no but for it you know
what little enemies that you don't want
to deal with you just pick them up yeah
the annoying ones yeah yeah almost
they're fast and can dodge that shit
right mcnutty mcnutty the alcoholic says
rich why do you make everything
depressing good question it's just the
way the world is I didn't make the world
I just I just recount how it is you know
what I did not like the Kirk hammer
I thought the Kirk hammer was the worst
of both worlds yeah the sword is so weak
and the hammer is so slow you know yeah
I just I could not and and like i said i
i've been using this saw spear what do
you think of you freemen what do you
think of lewd wigs holy sword because
the least the weaker part the weaker
sword is very similar to the coop sword
yeah but you know what a little more
strength to look i think it's a little
bit better it is a tiny tiny improvement
is a tiny tiny improvement hard to say
mostly be cute I'm just gonna fuck
around and you're already fucking with
my day is wanting cake says rich you're
being offensive according to my religion
you did make the universe right what why
do I suddenly feel like the card and who
watches the washers right or Japanese is
life which Evans's hope see it's not all
depressing I just talked about the Star
Trek
Oh nope didn't get him
oh it's the worst one you don't hit them
hey found the secret snowy area I've not
found a snowy area no I've found the
secret area where you get the doll
clothes I don't have the secret workshop
yeah if you found that I'm getting there
now okay I do not have the doll clothes
yet I have not found them but without
getting spoilery you can get the doll
clothes as an outfit which i think is
hilarious okay all right I'm gonna go
down to the pig now mm-hmm it wasn't the
pig over here wait wait go back to where
the ogre was and go down though yes
that's where it was it was it was over
there okay yeah I got confused usually
across the bridge from the other side
there's the pig we're gonna kill the pig
and be really depressed and then we're
gonna see if we can jump down that thing
oh sure
that's that's the grand finale and
that's the grand finale cuz I'm sure I
mean I'm sure listen this stream really
I mean it deserves to end in suicide and
we deserve that
it'll sneak up out of last time I'm
hoping I can do the same
oh just rip his asshole right out of
this pot that's the best way to kill the
pig right there oh no and pigs just got
a blood vial in them oh wait what's that
red messenger ribbon what is that
it's what the girl dropped Oh youyou
that's why don't you you I believe you
give that to the sister okay I wonder if
that opens up um new items you could
purchase in the show
or maybe it just because you know life
is depressing
so that just happens that could be okay
already I'm trying to look down here and
you know of course you can't really see
I'm gonna jump down this thing now ready
okay oh I'm dying to see what happens
yes oh my god I am ready there might be
say I mean you know and they end it all
Jack end it all are you are you ready to
end the stream as soon as you hit the
ground and dive I die
okay I definitely you really you really
should have had your finger on the edge
stream great well I wanted great thank
you all the new subscribers thank you to
all the old subscribers and thank you to
everyone else who just came out to watch
us play mostly blood-borne and some
other stuff goodbye everybody
goodnight
