May 13, 2015
Star Trek: 25th Anniversary, FTL
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5919831
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5921180
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnGM3aGdOYM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GL9m2YfnYY
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/598580266509021184
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/598659522383622144

[Part I]
we're here is what you're saying yes not
we're not just going you think I said
what do you think I meant huh
we're not going anywhere we're here we
made it our destination we make it on
time no I think I said 7:30 8:00 oh why
did you say 7:30 8:00 we usually sort of
date anyway that's a year that's so
weird
I thought I'd get here a little earlier
obviously I didn't you gotta give
yourself a little leeway you know I'm
not very good at that I'm why I'm just
waiting to see if we are screaming I see
people say that we're screaming we see
advertisements I don't nobody hear us
say anything yeah probably not
are they hearing advertisements I don't
know I don't know what they're hearing
they might hear those advertisements oh
I hear us hello everybody how are you
doing today
you guys were smashing childhood cancer
with the awesome power of video games
what that's the ad boy oh oh hold on oh
I'm just doing an audio test to make
sure we sound okay and while I do audio
test to make sure we sound okay I'm
going to send out our tweets I guess
another time rich why are you telling
what we're playing Oh
see if there's a screen up on the window
that shows exactly what we're playing I
don't know I should I should I assume we
have blind viewers you should assume we
have blind viewers we're playing the
slappy happy friends it's it's a game
where you play as a squirrel that runs
around and he collects nuts for the
winner it's gonna sound an awful lot
like like like William Shatner and
Leonard Nimoy yeah but that's just some
weird audio thing there's a there's a TV
playing in the background of the slappy
game the whole time and it's playing
star tracker Thank You Rach you're
welcome we sound great everything sounds
great all the time I'm gonna go blow my
nose
you should do that don't give me your
goddamn airplane cold it's too bad
you're gonna get it yeah I know I'm
gonna get it cuz you're leakin snot all
over the place
how's everyone doing how's everyone
doing how many of you guys were we're at
my my tragic Dead Rising no death run oh
man that hurt that was that was a kick
square to my nuts Cortis square to
Slappy's nuts that's what that was
I basically all right Monday just on a
whim I did a Dead Rising 1 no death best
ending run and I was I was like halfway
through day 3 I got through all the
nasty the nasty bomb stuff and I was
basically though the whole run was on
the rails at that point and fucking xbox
froze on a loading screen well I I
hadn't been saving up at that point
because I didn't want to override my
pre-existing save because I'm starting
from scratch I want to start from level
1 sure so lost everything lost
everything I'm very sorry yeah I'll do
it again I'm going to do it again at
some point you're gonna do and you're
gonna win this time oh yeah I would have
won that time I was right there man
he's gonna escort Isabella to her room
run a few other errands everyone every
survivor was either saved or dead very
few died I saved most most everybody
that's great how long did I play for I
was close to 7 hours oh you need to
mutant we're just close out there yeah
sorry everybody
what do you wait you're tweeting I'm
tweeting what's happening but it was it
was a beautiful run I'm dead right it
sounded beautiful yeah yeah III made it
up to like level 40 something and the
game was just started just a starting to
become really fun y'all mock some of the
fun
the face crusher or the gut Ripper
you can punch into a zombie zombie
stomach and rip their intestines out
that's its function that sounds great
you can you can zombies here on the
ground you can like pick them up at the
legs and swing them around or you can
lift their head off just start unlock
the fun stuff I was getting great I was
I was gonna finish up the main story
missions and I was just gonna have like
a good good hour worth of game time
where I'm just gonna be screwing around
them all having fun and then fucking
xbox had fries I am here now oh also
Elvis Elvis said he recent scribed at
the end of your stream on Sunday Elvis
Elvis thank you for subscribing we
really appreciated and yes I'm here with
rich I'm not skyping in today it's a
normal Wednesday good to be back in the
swing it's a Normie it's a Normie yet we
had some no death runs we had some
special guest Collins now we're back to
North just plain old normal how do you
have them leftover beef cakes thing yeah
I should be back or somewhere oh did it
get closed I hand up
well I'll scroll up and catch those
people Oh make sure it's running now I
swear to god that was up oh well get it
up something close to closed it get it
up there it is thank you
tragic we mixed we missed s packs poor
spax poor expects for loss let's get him
oh well no in the end is John begun we
got I don't know I just opened it
hello Draco thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
Mario Mario 42 thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it jean jean
pegasion become and specs for thank you
for subscribing we really appreciated
it's true how do I enjoy my new sister
bear wife I told everybody you were
getting married to a bear because you're
trying to make a political statement
about bears or about marriage there's no
way you could marry bears exactly
exactly I know legal document that's
that's what I told you you wouldn't did
it anyway you said you knew a guy I
don't know what that means use a boat
captain I knew a boat captain so I could
make it happen you're crazy you're crazy
hey when you're not around I can say
whatever I want
when I am around you can say are you
sure that's the joy of being you so have
you ever even heard of this game me no
no I uh I as most of our listeners
Watchers know I did not have a PC
growing up so I just flat-out did not
play point click adventure games I had
no knowledge of any PC game I'm just I'm
trying to think of like the first
point-and-click adventure I ever played
probably day of the tentacle but that
was like maybe five years ago you know I
didn't start playing point-and-click
adventures until a few years ago yeah
yeah so this I I and I and I wasn't a
huge fan of the original Trek Mouse oh
my god that makes perfect sense for you
to play this game does it I've played it
once before oh oh oh so you told you
do you want some kind of mousepad like
device I do want some kind of mousepad
device that's right no PC just plenty of
sunshine oh how do you make the thing
big rich we'll do that no but I'll turn
it up also AM big in the game all your
mouse isn't working again Oh everybody
everybody settle down
everybody we're gonna settle down our
technical problems have once again
spewed into the stream how do I am bigan
rich eyes going downstairs I don't know
I don't know what's going on or where I
am or we can't see the entire game
screen oh you will be able to don't
worry you will be able to you can't see
it right now once I am big in the screen
you should be able to see everything
hopefully hopefully hopefully just give
us one second am I gonna do the voices I
don't know I got sick I got a little
sick on my flight on my trip because
when you fly you're trapped in a small
aluminum tube with a hundred other
people and you just catch everybody's
germs and so I got a little I got a
little cold so I don't know if I'll do
the voices I will try to do the voices
oh my balls the final frontier it's true
this is the original yes all of the
original cast members from the original
Star Trek I do the voices for this game
which I know is rich is very excited
about read my letter the the wedding was
beautiful it was a very very good old
friend of mine got married it was
wonderful and everything was great it
was it was a really a wonderful
wonderful wedding spent a couple extra
days in San Francisco got to meet some
very nice people the best nuts bad ever
okay what do we need to do to play this
game make the bigness make with the
bigness
there we go oh you just said start
richest it starts face is the final
frontier everybody thing you're going to
do civilization I did not wear a Dicky
bow tied to the wedding actually I wore
no tied to the wedding I had my nice
suit on nice shirt decided to go
Titleist just to test it out I usually
wear time listen to this music I thought
it looks pretty great we do have that
flicker on the side yeah look at all
these lovely people who made the game
yeah quality issue there is quality
assurance in this rich I think it's
great over it's also talk yeah keep
talking talking talking talking saying
things great now you should be perfect
no but I mean sorry
windows computer everybody settle down
because we're gonna fix that flicker
fix that flicker yo
also I think I'm shooting things yeah am
i shooting there we go got rid of that
flicker but still got a little bit of
top but we're gonna let that go okay
alt-enter
we're playing the Star Trek that's great
Starfleet out almost saying the game
audio could be up a tiny bit okay Elvis
you know what we're going on
I just double it there okay we did it
everything's fine okay I'm ready to
start track now okay
oh look I'm steering yeah okay we want
to go there
can we blow up the planet can we just
start right no yeah we can IV what
happens if we just run into the planet
you know what I got a feel like you
never will I can't click on the planet
and I can't get out of this one training
tip oh okay
tab does something confirmed for tab
we're spiraling out of control rich as
we're speaking there's different
commands you can do apparently no recent
missions have been completed
great this is Star Trek the
point-and-click adventure game oh he
said the thing is in in the show
what does are rich you might have to
play your standard your standard things
you might have to play this game really
I mean and setting the course for the
park system sir
mr. shit I don't know you don't know who
steers the ship no are you a fan no I've
said a countless times that I don't care
for the original series just play the
game I don't understand I can't handle
that's that's mostly true if you could
give you somebody remind the captain
that we have accomplished our mission so
great for some reason this is a little
on the plate today and I'm okay with
that
I'm okay with that because we've never
played it before and we had some fun
last time we played instruments
indicates that we have crossed the
standing by Sir message from the Romulan
commander sir what the how to use what
did you how are specific to be destroyed
you're gonna get killed right off the
bat Mike Mike now you probably thought
you know what the hardest thing for me
is though is like all the little icons I
guess I could play the game I was
trapped
you won the game you raise issues
congratulations
press X to grow there now everyone's
audio is up Chesterton's hope rich
doesn't scream you have to go get this
from gog.com today and there's a map in
things I downloaded so I think I need
actual I think it's like I need to look
at a manual find actually the names of
the stars
I want to go yeah sure don't read like a
map that you're supposed to print out or
something oh well you'd have it look up
with a book right originally yeah yeah
that's what I made the original game but
with this one it's like yeah PDF or
something yeah he pronounced yeah
hey what are we looking for here a
strong amp star map uh here's the star
map I'm gonna find where I downloaded
this third one I'm just going to open up
hi okay just as a heads up yeah oh god
rich you shouldn't be showing you
desolate
there are horribly embarrassing things
Oh No okay okay what a strange thing in
the game a game I like that is that
ancient copyright protection unless you
unless he bought it legitimately and had
that manual you'd never know where you
were going
beautiful rich was just showing me
brutal legend I I never got around to
playing dirty legend because I was not
the biggest fan of Psychonauts but rich
showed me the opening cinematic and yeah
voices yeah
why is r2d2 on the ship because they
that's an actual life oh I fucked up
again up again oh you chose the wrong
star they say yeah I thought well yeah
that's obvious this as long as you
you've played this game before in years
years ago the galaxy holds many
surprises to be prepared
oh you're conducting a mock battle right
yeah oh so you're not even but so in
your mock battle you keep in real dying
well no this first section
tab goes right to the big No
you have to steer your ship like a car
to drive like a car because it's a car
by many many iced beverage you hear
clacking now everybody all right I got
coffee what's good this Pollock's thing
right is 119 that's applaud I swear that
was the planet I clicked on no skimming
the same spot on the map in the game as
it is in this path which is and that
little square there so if we're gonna
write this time okay
let's see if we get a ride this time so
where's the map in the game it's been
you click on pseudo sure
that's the right one I was over I was
over here I am
they go in big innit Oh Jays manhole I
did not watch the Supergirl trailer that
released Supergirl trailer for the CBS
show
okay who plays Supergirl now we're
beaming down some lady a newcomer should
bring back what's her face that played
her in the original movie yeah oh we're
in orbit we did that right
hey congratulations Helen Slater is that
her name mr. Scott is that sound right
you have a Helen Slater
that does sound right okay yeah just
bring her back she should come back at
least the Cameo Melissa Benoist okay is
who plays the new Supergirl she was on
homeland say every single actor ever has
been on law and order right I've never
seen a single episode of any of those
other shows like this like do you know
anything about the show is it like in
the style of the Man of Steel movie is
it gonna be like a TV version because I
haven't seen the trailer I don't know
anything about it I don't know her
cosplay is in the style of the Man of
Steel costume but of course DC doesn't
give a flying fuck about continuity or
shared universe so that just
her costume looks a lot like the muted
tones the kind of scaly thing demons the
gates of hell this is the 23rd century
aside from seeing demons has any hard
data been collecting Melissa Benoit is
that how you say I'm saying Benoist it
spells Benoist ven o ist that has been
noise but apparently it's Benoit I'm
sure very talented it's in the arrow
flash universe which that means nothing
to me oh yeah well you the option of
what to say and you can be like Rubens
fuck I mean are you gonna waste for our
machinery to work in praise God
we've mined for heavier in a variety of
useful traces the deeper we dig the
variety of minerals seems to be not
Ignatieff leather steven has his own
there is why this might be either wait
the anomalies inspired brother cannery
to conduct studies and so franchise I
don't think also how can it be in the
arrow flash universe those are on CW and
the super villains on CBS DC owns all of
them right maybe there's some sort of
way they can do it maybe you received
the guidance and protection you know I'm
a complete design all I know is I don't
care I have there you go I guess that's
all you know shows any good arrow and
what's the other one flat I've heard
good things about flash arrow is
now I've only seen the first season it's
silly but not it not the good kind of
silly it's like this is great I've heard
good things out flash no man when it
when it comes through some sort of an
arrow is on Netflix isn't it yeah look
I've seen the icon for that yeah I mean
I I've seen it I don't recommend it not
even a little bit oh I feel bad for
watching yeah I'm probably gonna watch
this now you're right it's no daredevil
ripped it's no doctors complain too much
quickly constructed spots and shelter
primarily used by yes era looks like a
90s superhero show oh no it looks worse
than like Smallville I don't know you
ever watched a I never watched
Smallville
like it looks like remember the flash TV
show from the nineties I do I thought
his costume was awesome yeah at the time
cuz I was in the Batman there's like
he's got a big rubber costume like
Batman yeah it's red yeah that's how the
arrow looks without the super awesome
costume yeah but that kind of cheapness
yeah yeah oh my god shoot him with your
phaser really no it doesn't really
unless he's a bad guy then shoot him oh
yeah if you good guy then just stunning
so your visitors done I think I redid
this red and green Oh fun
yeah yes that's great you're just taking
money from him no just your icons look
like you're just taking sacks of money
from him
Oh also rich have you have you been
saving constantly I just say for now
okay I decided that I save Jack okay I
see it I should relax a little bit more
aspyn I can have them there you go
yes the camera working arrow is flat and
boring it's almost shot like a like a
soap opera oh you know on that like and
soap operas are kind of shot like
multicam but all from a weird never from
like the the standard three camera and
so that's exactly how it's like yeah you
know superheroes if you like superheroes
I was watching a because I'd wait I
didn't have daredevil back then and then
I've been rewashing
then you just watch it it's like good
one of these days when I have some free
time I'll just didn't you watch it how
many episodes is it like eight thirteen
thirteen yeah yeah yeah it's good Ben
watch oh that's right 720p 720p 720p
what our good friend teeth GG lennie
play the crocodile brain crocodile brain
guy yeah has uploaded some face cams
some face cam tests to his YouTube
account yeah oh he isn't elderly Irish
gentleman he is an elderly Irish
gentleman okay he looks very old define
very old 70s 60s 70s really no excuse me
a moment will you
there's got to be an elaborate joke
elaborate joke hey I will I will someone
posted it to the reddit they are too
heavy
hold on there it is
try TR IgG you let e play 720p baby
that's not elderly yeah that's 60s no
that's not six that's like maybe late
40s 50s you think yeah I don't know 65
year-old doing a YouTube video game
thing now I got shot by Klingons all
because of certain trig let e play he
looks 60 no no maybe he just looks
terrible for a sec huh he just looks
like a guy I think he looks old 60s I
would say 60s yeah apparently I'm wrong
well yeah I'm just saying he doesn't
look that old to be in any case he
uploaded some some face cam tests videos
today because he's adding face cam to
his les to his Lenny plays okay good and
I enjoyed it but his one is a 720p test
and all he's doing is like hypnotically
repeating 720p 720p as if to remind
himself later when he's watching the
video that it's that's great it's it's a
little insane and I kind I'll have to
watch those later yes he looks like the
half-life g-man and David Byrne had a
gross baby together it kind of looks
like God just a my dear co-current Dana
Ashbrook who is Bobby on Twin Peaks yes
that guy now he's got like gray hair he
looks a little more distinguished he
kind of looks like I got this thing it
is what you call distinguished I was
thinking more of the hair this is Bobby
bricks and I was thinking his black hair
is fluffy black hair but now he's got
short white hair
Bobby Biggs
maybe which reminds me there has been no
news on the twin peak situation since it
was announced that David Lynch wasn't
gonna be involved yeah there's been any
sort of updates or changes or anything
there's been it's dead Jim it's entirely
possible this is weird then this much
time has passed and there's been nothing
no movement no talk did you did you kill
someone
oh yeah congratulate you on even know
because I'm in fucking Starfleet that's
not our way yeah so does that mean I
wonder if it means I mean it can't be
dead dead I don't know there's been
nothing
now word yeah that's really weird and
the structure is extremely unstable I
would not recommend disturbing the lower
section before the appetizer yeah I
don't uncleared assume firing positions
that it should make a point and click
game just like this it's just like this
for the JJ Abrams Star Trek that'd be
great action a Spock you can just run
around and punch people violently in the
face there's a constant like scream
emotionally button click there's a
special item for Spock sedatives to calm
him down and instead of having a little
pointer it's just a lens flare easy joke
I'm sorry oh oh there's a guy under the
rocks even notice me don't shoot the guy
into the rocks or shoot him
I don't know punch him in the face
repeatedly do something bones up
apparently by standing over him bones
this he also crouched oh thank you kind
Souls for saving my life
oh I'm sorry Colonel rich Mustard
Colonel rich mustard is saying this game
has all the voices and so it's kind of
boring because usually we do two voices
oh okay so he's saying that he's saying
that we're better than the original cast
of Star Trek I can't I can't get done
with that - open the door when the
correct hand print is registered cut off
his hand sir it may be due or ask him
let me try it - put his hand on that oh
right sure
Richard's gonna try something dangerous
I think I was shot sir no just shocked
all right so we need a hand cut off that
guy's hand I'm not gonna cut off like I
can't cut off that guy's hand
what kind of game is this can you ask
him to put his hand on there Wow
okay it's too early to be moved well we
won't have to move much to cut off his
hand use your lightsaber what I've seen
the lightsaber cut off like five hands
what is wrong with you
yeah there's a there's probably bit of
an echo you're probably hearing cuz
we're listening to the TV so you might
hear a small echo of the game oh but uh
yeah sorry
whatever the boardgame stream was
fantastic yes we also enjoyed the board
game stream we will do another one of
those maybe did you another one recently
are they talking about the old they
might be talking about the old one I
mean they must be talking with you but I
really enjoyed it all right so I need
sort of handprint
I am I on life I'm high life and coffee
I've had a lot of coffee today that's
what's keeping me awake that's what
keeps me moving when I'm sick
more coffee iced coffee as soon as it
even gets a little bit warmer switch
over dice it wasn't a little bit warm
today though chilly not freezing iced
coming okay that's my rule that's my
rule number one like you're in hot
coffee when it's 90 out you're an insane
person crazy person although I've cut
back on my coffee quite a bit we tried
very nervous to wean myself off you're a
crazy person as opposed to last time I
quit caffeine where I quit cold turkey
and it was like a miserable nightmare I
think I think you're a crazy person
yeah I'll still drink coffee I'm just
trying to not drink as much you know
trying to cut down a mature more and
more studies come on saying that coffees
the best thing in the world
I I love coffee your health and body
yeah in mind is it better than
vegetables yes that's not true
absolutely nothing is better than
vegetable drink coffee all the time and
you'll be good just don't eat no in
three years they'll be studies saying
it's worse than you do again yes yeah
that's what happens just don't do
anything else every food is the best and
worst thing you get except for coffee
which is just the best who can you cut
off one of their hands did you really
yes well there are they're endless
they're replicas labs approximately six
point two kilometers away
I prefer iced coffee hot coffee only
because it means I can drink my coffee
faster
which is and is already all they could
have swears and video games back then
What did he say damn he said damn oh do
you blink when you see something it
doesn't just randomly blink
looks like his hand came off was that it
down there don't work oh yeah on the pen
yeah oh oh good eye boom I thought I
thought it was this formation up here
yeah well and I mean it blends in yeah
the pixel the lack of pixels makes it
pixel art they were going for a retro
feel
oh okay for this 30 year old game
there's actual 30 year old game
well yes this is the puzzle but it's
early on in the game they're warming you
up
they're priming they're priming the the
brain fluffer
thank you machine thinking machine what
happened to the dude that was laying out
there
he vanished I don't know Oh where'd he
go he turned into smoke and he went up
into the clouds yes he really did that
oh well then he turned into the smoke
monster I'm lost
remember lost I do remember what was the
smoke monster what is it then you find
out it's like oh this sucks this show
sucks again I try to remember now what
the smoke monster was um I can't
remember either cuz I've tried to block
that show from my brain I just remember
being horribly disappointed the sign of
a good show
oh it was something it was I mean of
course it was something dumb because it
could never be as good as the mystery
right no matter what it was well maybe
if you had like good mystery and mind
ahead of time then we're just making
shit out of your ass yeah this looks
like some of the hand security panels on
the enterprise this looks like some of
the head
I wasn't a guy obtain anything I was it
a guy you watched the show too right all
of us see neither of us could remember
what the smoke monster ended up being
did you come from the fountain maybe I
don't remember you mean the magic light
cave the magic of a final season yeah
bullshit the hand didn't work I promise
I'll let you know the instant something
appears don't be too anxious ensign we
may want to come thanks red shirt so you
put the hand on it and a little bleep
everything can you put the hand on it
again I tried talking to the control
panel you get no response it's not the
most logical thing of all they do yeah
but it won't let you put the hand back
on it that's weird
you fail to obtain anything yeah yeah
blow it out your ass see this is this is
what I don't like about playing quit
games right now I'm just I'm clicking on
whatever I can yeah all the options and
random chance did you try to write do
you try cuz you can also mash things
together sometimes in your inventory do
try doing that that's also a thing no
can't do that and you can't put the hand
back on nothing happens
that's crazy nothing happens can you put
the hand down your pants go to a
different area and see all you can do
get out of here save new game always
save always be saving always be saving
always Absa that's the role of point
clicks hey yeah then you go back to the
other bill go back to a different area
and rub all this shit on this shit in
there and then something will happen
that's how you play point and click
adventure game rub all the shit on all
the shit what where'd you go now you get
something
oh you're probably right Jacqueline you
should apply pine resin which is not
happy with that
I do understand point-and-click
adventure games you point and click your
point you click and then you make the
shit you pick up a shit from one area
you take it to the other area and put
the shade in the other area that's
outward that sounds boring it can be
that sounds worse than lost you know
it's a different pace it's a different
pace in it today it's pace that not a
lot of people are used to
oh sure it can be very satisfying this
table from ancient Baker's to double
burners
this study represents a man with a key I
don't know if rich wanted to play this
because broken age is the next prereq I
thought I was I thought Jack which Jack
now has no interest in so it's kind of a
kind of a bust I'm sure my watching it
like karen leonard nimoy talk no I enjoy
I enjoy watching you play this rich and
I have not discussed our feelings of
broken age you know we haven't even
talked about with each other and usually
like we will like make little notes
beforehand but this time I want to try
something new where we just go straight
into the discussion yeah I think that's
okay I think that might make it'll make
it harder for me to edit later yeah but
I think it might make for a more
interesting discussion make some notes
all right good we made notes and like
points we learned to hit for like with
the five episodes best of the worst and
then we never did it again
well sorry which I say best of the worst
you do have in the back of it I assumed
yeah there's uh it's a little bit
different with video games just because
the time I want to say like I completed
broken age innings
maybe 15 hours and so just like
remembering all the things you want to
say for a 15 hour game yeah it helps to
write it down also I am not very smart
or good at remembering things I don't
know if we can talk about Avengers all
right then we can talk about Avengers
rich decreed it so actually rewatched it
again when I went to San Francisco
because Lisa and so and you know we we
did not take our children with us and so
literally like even though we were in a
beautiful wonderful city one of our
first priorities was just to go see a
movie because we could go that's
something that we rarely get to do oh
sure just go out to a few specific
things there are some things that I
liked a lot better um second such a like
what Jack also and I'll type this out
here spoiler alert for Ultron's
Ultron everybody already knows
everything that happened in it spoiler
alert for Ultron starting now I really
love the characters early on in the
movie I noticed them a lot more this
time and like a lot of the setups for
stuff that happened later okay there's
like very small details here and they're
super super great and overall everyone's
performance
I enjoy a lot more yeah oh no
everybody's great not everybody's great
yeah
some things I didn't like because that's
more fun to hear Ultron is evil
immediately yeah oh yeah and I guess
like I was really caught up in the movie
the first time so it didn't really hit
me but like literally he is evil from
the moment he speaks sure yeah and like
I get that he's like a sentient thing
from a ancient staff and of course he
went on the internet for two seconds and
so of course he wants to destroy all of
humanity which is the joke you know
maybe it's something normal simply to
make me right or just more of like as he
grows smarter his plan comes into focus
more of sure oh shit I want to you know
save the earth I have to murder
everybody sure where that something he
starts to gradually realize as opposed
to just immediately like fuck everyone
right
I guess that being a little more
interesting to watch that transpire yes
as opposed to just immediately and like
I'm not exaggerating it's like the
second line out of Ultron is he's an
evil son of a bitch who wants to murder
everyone
he thinks that fast what sure you see
the hyper computer he's a hyper computer
hyper intelligence yes
Skynet did the same thing he didn't
complain about that Terminator ah that's
a really good point
oh yeah I guess but Skynet wasn't like a
physical character though yeah but
that's the difference but but by the way
solid touche when you yeah that's great
so that bothered me a little bit but
James Spader's fuck you
I just want to listen to that man uh his
mouth this guy cut out of the review his
mouth annoyed the fuck out of me though
that looks so silly it was a little
cartoony yeah how much like government
at had yeah he looked terrible yeah no I
like to look at companies they did like
the mouth moving like that yeah they
needed to just stick to the creepy
comic-book face doesn't move it would
have been great but I mean creepier a
lot creepier
oh sure that sounds creepy but then you
can't do that because then they'll just
be like well they just didn't want to
pay their animators people on the blogs
no no no no comic book the comic book
nerds would have applauding you think
they would have a general audience would
have been like wise in his mouth you
want to if you want to indicate that
he's speaking you just have like the
globe change in a face yeah yeah it's
Breyer when there's words coming out his
mouth that's all they needed to do I
would've looked a thousand times better
and I agree with you is the thing III
didn't I hated his mouth I hated the way
his life he emoted with his eyes his
little speaker things and yeah ugly ugly
ugly ugly I also hated that but
after after we watched it I saw with my
wife and my mother-in-law and neither of
them are on the internet much have you
heard of the whole Scarlett Johansson
controversy Oh which one right even like
multiple things with this movie this is
Jeremy Renner stuff there's oh well
first of all there's there's all sorts
of shit well that's that's what I'm
talking about the the Joss Whedon where
they people are people claimed to be
upset because Black Widow being the
strongest female character in the Marvel
Universe decides that she's really sad
that she can't have a baby well the
thing is it seems like people are upset
like cuz she does she's a nice
characterization well the thing is I
think that some people are
misinterpreting what's going on there
and that like I've seen people say like
cuz something she say something about
she feels like a monster like she
connects with Bruce Banner because of
that but she's talking about like not
specifically because she can't have
children like that's not what makes her
think she's a monster it's the fact that
she gave that up in order to become this
cold-hearted assassin she she gave up a
family life so she could be better at
murdering people
yeah and that's she feels horrible about
that yeah not specifically I can't have
children so I'm a freak like that's not
it at all right no I think that whole
controversy is made up it's it's I don't
know I weird that that reeks of made up
to cast to cast a bad light on feminists
I asked my wife about this because she
as it turns out is a lady oh okay and so
it was like oh I would new married a
lady she's a lady and a comic book fan
and so it's just like I I was like was
there anything that you thought was
controversial about the movie
specifically if you're thinking about
feminism and she couldn't mention
anything and I brought the Black Widow
stuff and she said that wasn't saying of
course yeah because that was really good
characterization she brought up a really
funny point though which is if anything
is sexist about that movie it's
Hawkeye's wife
ah how so yeah because while Hawkeye and
you're not saying this is sexist just
anything could be construed there miss
concerns Noelle oh and and I loved her
character I loved his whole thing but if
anything could be considered sexist it's
that Hawkeye gets to go off on
adventures and save the world and she's
expected to live a hundred miles from
anyone raise the kids take care of the
house all by herself while he goes off
in words see that like I I think it's
fine in the movie but I can see that
maybe causing more of an issue than the
Black Widow stuff exactly but I didn't
hear anything
no no but that and that was more of a
joke from her I'm sure Hawkeye's wife
was fine with that yeah that was that's
more controversial than Black Widow
having a demon but uh but yeah overall
I've really liked it on a second watch I
am still a little confused by a vision
shows me he's made in the middle of the
movie and he's a character all of a
sudden the or Thor flies in from out of
nowhere and he makes lightning shoot
everywhere see that man that guy's there
everyone's confused about the whole four
part of this that makes perfect sense
it's it's it's it feels like there's no
setup for it it's like everybody's
arguing about the the morals of doing
this and then he just like pounces into
the scene from out of nowhere yeah it's
so abrupt and awkward but everybody
pounces into the scene of nowhere no not
really
they all talk back and forth and they're
debating this whole good like Hawkeye
shoots at Quicksilver he's like hey
guess what I'm here too I'm in on this
Captain America jury watch it I just
remember the Thor one being really
abrupt and weird
it's very abrupt but it makes sense okay
that's rewatch he he had the vision
he's like oh he needs to live because I
had the vision but then all of a sudden
like vision is there and I don't like
how he looks I like the way it looks I
think it's fine yeah but you're crazy
that's true you're crazy he looks weird
that's why I like it we're
movies need more weird so I'm excited
for Mad Max all sorts of weird shit med
that's true yesterday and I don't
understand
visions power what our visions powers
God that I couldn't tell ya even though
I know what they are in the book I
cannot tell you what they are in the
movies he can apparently shut up Ultron
out of the Internet by touching his face
somehow and he's good at punching people
and every once in a while laser comes
out of his forehead
yes something he got it that's it you
can fly too so I don't know overall I
still liked it a lot of good punches to
be shorting out it's interesting because
vision is played by Paul Bettany yes
name there's something like that who's
been the voice of Jarvis for all the
Iron Man movies I'm wondering like at
what point did the people in charge at
Marvel be like hey this dude's in good
shape we could put him in the movies too
I mean knowing how far ahead they plan
at least Iron Man 2 yeah I mean not only
makes you want well even with Iron Man 1
like why would you cast him to do that
voice generic voice actor guy to do that
just seemed weird to cast like you know
a dude like him who could play a
superhero sure so I mean I doubt they
were thinking that far ahead it's just
interesting to me that it worked out
like that well they definitely warms us
back because remember Iron Man 1 was not
the chosen movie for the Marvel Universe
at the time the Incredible Hulk was the
Incredible Hulk had way more shield
integration had we I never saw it but I
just know the end of Iron Man is when
they introduce Nick Fury show credits
and the post credits scene yeah but
nothing else in Iron Man has anything to
do with the rest of the universe
their shield stuff in the Hulk movie
yeah
massage cuz I didn't care because it's
all at the time Ironman was an unpopular
character he wasn't a big comic book
character him I mean he's a big comic
book character but his books didn't sell
as well it's not as well-known to
general as well now he is of course of
course because of the movie yeah
right but of course after the movie and
after really just after everyone
realized that all the dough need you use
the best day that's true yeah I'm
thinking like how we probably would not
have this whole Marvel Cinematic
Universe if it wasn't for the casting of
Robert Downey jr. like if you'd cast
someone else in that movie I can
guarantee it would not have been as big
as it was like if that movie was not as
successful as it was none of the stuff
that's happened since then would have
happened agree it's interesting it is
which is why he makes a million zillion
dollars he deserves it he's deserves
he's carrying Marvel on his shoulders
pretty much are you still stuck out here
I want some other areas that came back
but I'd I don't know what do ya
unfortunately the backlash against the
black when he was reeling at me I don't
know I don't know I you know it's it I
think it's real but it's from extremists
and that's the that's what ruins any any
belief system are the extremists what
what you're you know beliefs are what
you there's extremists that ruin it for
everybody that's probably something I
found very funny was during the
controversy Joss Whedon stopped tweeting
or deleted his Twitter yeah his tweet
tweet
and so then everyone was like oh she had
people scared him off of Twitter and
then all of a sudden like a couple days
later he like talked to BuzzFeed or
someone oh yeah he's like writing my
next movie and yeah i'ma deal with
Twitter right now yeah probably
he's probably annoyed by know he's
because he's deleted his Twitter before
yeah really
he just he just does that you know when
he works I'm sorry I'm just gonna go and
create something while you guys bitch
about stuff okay
don't mind me worry about extremists
ruining things I worry that the the
counteraction to the extreme feminism is
is going to be just as bad you think
that's the problem you have extremes on
both ends like like everybody's just
nuts
and everybody wants to be furious about
everything cuz then on the other the
other extreme you get gamergate weirdos
so they make threats - yeah exactly like
and there's there's extremists on every
you know possible end of the spectrum
the true that's true and they make
everybody else look bad just don't be a
dick
what's the solution it's any problem
don't be a dick
that seems too simple how some people
are upset about the new Mad Max movie
because the women do things in it the
female characters yeah they're very
important to the film and they do things
Shirley's Theron is apparently more of
the main character the Mad Max which
should not be a shock to anyone who's
seen the other Mad Max movies
Mad Max is essentially a vessel into
this world yeah he's not John McClane
you know like action hero man so some
people are upset about
sorry saying is people who don't know
what they're talking about say things
loudly yes I'll tell you all about it
after we see the movie I don't wanna
give too much away I already know too
much oh oh you've you've ranted the
spoilers not really I just know like
what some people are upset about when it
comes to the movie is he to passive in
the movie is everything I've seen in the
trailer it looks like he's tied up yeah
well yeah you get that from the trailer
like you know what's gonna happen in the
movie as far as that goes I was just
saying that that shouldn't be surprising
anyone who's seen the other Mad Max
movies cuz he's not like you know
superhero man right oh yeah is there
anything else Avengers why honestly have
not thought about the movie since we
shot that review boilers every watched
the first one before we saw it I was
like this is a really solid movie but as
far as the second one no no maybe I'll
watch it again when it comes on a video
but I haven't really thought about it
again since much of an impact once
identity I mean that is a strange door
with truly will stick to my solo Iron
Man movies I'm assuming we're not I'm
assuming he's just about done I hate
Robert Downey jr. I mean he's got we'll
see how much more money they're willing
to give him I'm sure he's not gonna turn
down a 50 million dollars going next
door to the lab didn't you Jackman say
he's done with Wolverine after he's got
one more in one more movie he's got one
more on him and then he's done with
Wolverine which you know it's it's time
well is he's getting up there yeah he's
older because same with Robert Downey
jr. Robert Downey jr. it's like what
misty
my discoveries that's old old but it's
just like how long he would want to keep
doing that which go put hand back on the
panel and see if you can call the
enterprise they did say the panel to the
door is like the ones on the ship okay
okay also something about dehydrated
water which gave me a look that was so a
different adventure game we played
there's a there's a cave and a puzzle
involving dehydrated water oh yes it was
very funny so nothing it was very funny
no no you actually had to use the
dehydrated water have you added water to
it it expanded it was the whole thing
all right they're saying that you that
Robert Downey jr. is 50 what is what is
the magic line you can't cross
age-wise before you're allowed to be an
action movie guru he's 50
well and see for Robert Downey jr. he
has a lot longer life span than Hugh
Jackman because he has an Ironman suit
yeah it's CG anytime that's true so he
gets he gets a lot more time as long as
he keeps looking good in the face region
sometimes in the movies he's not even
supposed to be in the suit like an Iron
Man 3 was right that big cop-out moment
that some people hated calling calling
the ship that nothing did you put the
hand on it and call the ship yeah
someone tell us how to beat this
somewhat else out of you this puzzle
we're gonna take a little moment can you
just do over here thank you
okay so where do we left that we don't
become okay koala puffs a clockwork
Stalin sloshed from duck tails Denmark
Daniels Karen's dinosaur dildo yes press
B to dick punch empty h anakin skywalker
befo Potamus blend o's 75 and Greg Nick
and Vinny six nine one eight
you're gonna give me some indication
well I saw your head move in so I was
tricked it's really true
hey Y all wise okay okay well I don't
know how Bowl this game is streaming
should we switch to something else
I would like whatever mind FTL hahahaha
we can now we can't because we have so
many hours some luck someone shared with
me on Twitter today a spreadsheet
breaking down by our all the games we've
played on previously recorded and the
number one slot is FTL at 17 and a half
hours we have streamed 17 and a half
hours of FTL why don't you try that that
convoy game I was I was cutting up the
convoy stream kind of made me want to
play convoy again
yeah you wanna play huh you wanna play
okay I can play cowboy
you can play cowboy maybe well we put
that just went up what else we got
are you saying you what you don't want
to play this is bad for stream I don't
know I think reduce to be fun working
together to solve puzzle but that's
that's not what's happening at what's
happening I know they updated invisible
ink
John try some invisible ink I can put
that out okay rich can play some
invisible okay hold on all right take a
break oh we're gonna take a break yeah
anybody's watching to one up okay we're
gonna take a break and we're gonna come
back with some updated invisible ink
it's what I think we're still we're
still streaming

[Part II]
Wow Wow that's interesting I think so
huh so so I was like oh yeah I'll hang
out with you and I had some beers and it
was a really good time more adventurous
than I am it was that was fun
I am I mean I am I mean I am but it was
fun it was a good time and you know we
went to this bar called the thirsty bear
which was right where I was staying and
San Francisco that's a gay bar they
specialized in 100% organic beer which
is like so San Francisco they say they
specialize in bear beer like beer made
from bears beer made from endangered
species ya know so it was a it was very
good it was fun it was fun time and
overall everything was fine so thanks we
we walked across the UH the bridge
what's the fucking cold oh my god his
Golden Gate Bridge
I mean brain parts we walked across the
Golden Gate the Golden Gate Bridge I am
I have not had a drop to drink I'm still
drunk from San Francisco this is the
real thing I've not had a drop since
I've been back because I've been sick
but I just drank and ate so much in San
Francisco that I'm just still hungover
shy smile right avianna and cracker man
he was 35 35 if it's not 35 35 then
close enough reach 1 on the place of FTL
as you guys are saying right now
and so we safety out a little bit
what I'm in the mood for I got to go
with my heart my heart they didn't have
security guards to stop jumpers off the
Golden Gate Bridge but every I want to
say every couple of like every hundred
feet or so they had a little like call
box valet that said you know do you need
do you need assistance push this button
oh and during the one right in the
center it said like like jumping like
jumping has real consequences and blah
blah blah and holy cow it had a little
spiel just saying listen we will talk to
you if I'm not like jumping oh no
where's the music is the FTL music on oh
oh oh rich is in the middle of a
firefight here people but it was a nice
walk you get to see the whole city San
Francisco is I didn't quite understand
how huge it was yeah not not just huge
but dense and it's a like a hilly city
and it's just jam-packed so beautiful
everything was beautiful wonderful I've
never been and ain't it some really
great places and everything was great
first ship I fucking ran across as a
drum ship I'm sorry yeah okay well Bob
pause there now
and if a let's figure out sign because
people are saying they can't hear all
right and that's I mean that isn't
important they're headphones so I got to
turn down that's my wife
Oh oh yeah they go nowhere I'm seeing
levels but I when I play games sometimes
I listen to other things but the radio
or a podcast or whatnot
that's insane you listen to some star
talk radio Sheriff that's insane to me
because this is an amazing soundtrack it
is an amazing soundtrack but fucking I
like I like listening to fix I'm sorry
time oh you would have tell me what I'm
doing is wrong
I I'm just I'm I'm not saying it's wrong
I'm saying that that is something I
would so not do yep you know I haven't
and someone was asking Seattle or San
Fran I haven't been to Seattle as an
adult I've never been period though I
was there as a kid as a teenager mm-hmm
and so I'm probably you don't appreciate
it anything is a teenager right you just
hate things
what does some neat places as a teenager
I didn't appreciate shit right fun again
right so so I'll say San Francisco cuz
that's where I've been as an adult it
was great so many in the chat was that
this is I I have fun I got him
I Hotel I Hou tu ences I'm playing a
muted game and listening to this oh oh
my god ha ha motherfucker I would just
think was something that requires
concentration it would be distracting
yeah but that's just me like and you
know you know how tiny my crocodile
brain is so for something like FTL it
requires my full my full set of brains
sure you're not you're not evolved like
except you mother oh that's right I
wasn't Seattle as an adult you don't
remember where you've been oh wait you
know what I've been there too I was like
fuck is wrong with you people
I was only there for like a day and
there was on a work thing so I only saw
like the city for maybe an hour and I
was there for a weekend but I was there
for a bachelor party
and we spent the majority of it like in
the country okay there was a cabin
rented and so I spent exactly six seven
hours in the city of yeah okay that's
even more than me so you're right thank
you by the way Thank You Chad for
remembering my life better than I do I
did I posted a photo of like recently I
was there for my cousin's bachelor party
that was it that was pretty good night
uh oh you know what maybe Seattle
Seattle had a better vibe great coffee
yeah it seemed great I was yeah I wasn't
there for very long I didn't get to see
much but yeah I would like to go back
when I could actually stay for a while
yeah Joey Belladonna my my Dead Rising
no death run ended when the fucking xbox
crashed yeah womp womp it's a great
fucking run someone was close to seven
hours yes it was to the end of the game
oh yeah I was basically at the home
stretch it was easy going from where I
was I'm gonna just crashed crane rose on
the loading screen Elvis Douglas you got
a deal next time I come to Seattle you
take me on a winery tour and get me free
booze I'm down with that you got
yourself a deal which city has more buff
guys San Francisco to make sense just
because I saw more buff guys when I was
there
this is not a good run my own ships cuz
I'm the ship I'm using doesn't have
shields oh shit you're right
I didn't even notice it I can't afford
to upgrade the cloaking tell last the
drunk like brave beam power sure how was
Seattle see that was great
oh and they hit my weapons funnels vomit
yep you're done just rewrote right now
just be wrong I thought no I didn't see
buff guys at the thirsty bear but like
at as a show of like how how wonderful
San Francisco was I went to this random
bar this random night and was having a
great and nerdy conversation and then
all of a sudden a like Calypso band
showed up and started playing Calypso I
don't know if it was Calypso it was some
sort of ethnic music no rap is American
it was some sort of Spanish ethnic music
okay maybe that's not close oh it wasn't
a mariachi band I know that there was a
lady dancing what do you call it when
like she has a rose in her mouth and I'm
like
minkos flamenco maybe it was full Minko
so and it was great in he's a little
flamenco performance we went to a
Mother's Day brunch and when we left the
restaurants a street festival had
arrived while we were in the restaurant
my friend profess'd nothing and then
just BAM we come out and we are in the
middle of and I shit you not it was like
20 blocks long
oh my god there were thousands of people
they just have spontaneous festivals
there we quickly found a police officer
and was like what happened and he said
like every other Sunday at some random
block and some random street in San
Francisco
they just do that oh my god I never I'm
sorry everybody
oh did you kill everyone I'm sorry that
that run went terrible oh absolutely
I'm really sorry I try that same fucking
sugar goes farther yeah cuz fuck it
who's calling it let's see here I'm
looking for oh I see a pic me jingis
Borgnine I spell Genghis an HSG NGH is
okay mr. Josh my wants back in does that
count
okay Bradley I'm an a lot of subscribers
now sure jingis Borgnine fortnight or
get nine did you have Elvis in your last
one okay how this is reporting for duty
and Omni remix those were the first 3's
up office you are you looking for oh
yeah okay Elvis delvis okay omni remix
those are that's your new crew one of
the perks for subscribing is you get
named yep those were the first three
pizza rolls iced up okay and you guys
know if you if you see maybe an
opportunity for for another one there
might be the ship isn't easy and oh god
did that go bad alright once more into
the breach come on what's going on I
don't know you know what I don't know
Rach I'm sorry that's all right
the drones you know it's a hacking
overhead my goddamn
yeah no I'm sorry I'm sorry
just just in time yeah
I've tried to remember Seattle now we
had a great low we went to a great
restaurant in Seattle I was there for
six hours
yeah I went to a great little restaurant
- it was the only thing I did cuz I was
filming something in the hotel so as
walk down the street as like first place
I find that his food I'll go there yeah
it was great this veggie wrap
that's delicious nice that's all I need
that's I need some nice restaurants to
go to diet time pork there was like a
gigantic three-story like sex shop
though that I passed oh my god well what
what's on the third storey just have
those there ever have those in Milwaukee
gigantic sex shops you know I think
eventually they've run out of stuff to
put in a sex shop
I don't know if that's true those of you
and your sex shops I didn't go into it I
just walked past it it was quite
noticeable because it was three stories
oh sure okay I heard that I heard I
heard someone dying someone's dying rich
oh no I was dying I did I went with I
was there with a large group because it
was an old friend of mine and so you
know like a lot of people that I knew
were there and we would all travel
together and there's this awful awful
thing that happens when a large group
travels together and you need to choose
a restaurant to go to mmm yeah which is
you you want to please everyone and me I
just you know I will literally eat
anything especially on vacation because
I don't give a fuck
but then everyone else is trying to
please everyone and so then instead of
choosing a restaurant that someone will
really love and maybe someone is iffy
about you end up at the lowest common
denominator and we're we're we're near
the wharf we're near Fisherman's Wharf
and we're looking for restaurants it's
like oh we we have this suggestion we
have this suggestion let's go to one of
these places and no one can quite decide
and so the entire group ends up at an
incredibly shitty looking Italian place
Oh an Italian place yeah I'm gonna be
snobby I'll be talking snobby here I'm
gonna tell you nothing's wrong with town
it just looked a step above Olive Garden
and when you're on vacation why do you
want to go to Neagle local places exact
I have interesting food not just like
generic Italian food you want to eat
something that you can't get where you
live yes and so I did I pull a bit of a
dickish move which is a sat down and I
ordered a drink with everyone and I'm
looking through the menu and I'm not
looking forward to this so I finished my
drink everyone else orders and I say you
know what I'm gonna go to in and out and
I did and I had an in-n-out burger I had
a double-double with fries they're
delicious and it was fucking great their
fries suck though I don't like their
fries I agree the burgers good
I had a double-double animal style and I
felt great about it some people might
consider me a dick because I left my
group so in and out burger didn't they
have a drive-thru and they called that
for some other reason Oh like diarrhea
is it like is it like a slider no it's
it's fast-food it's proto fast-food it
was an early competitor with McDonald's
but unlike McDonald's in and out still
uses real means cuz that's that's a
terrible name that makes me think of
diarrhea oh no like you can get in and
out really
okay is the idea but you can't anymore
because gonna say that's that true
everyone loves it there's always a line
but it's still beautiful burgers so I
feel I felt like a bit of a dick like I
had a good meal so I feel less dickish
about it yeah I go to Italy and I'll say
it's real Italian food I'm sure I'm sure
I've never been no wait I have that why
it's called Italian food there's just a
horrible coincidence horrible
coincidence weird yeah damn it this this
friends gonna end early - oh thank you
for deleting those mods I appreciate
that you know the only time I've been to
Italy I did not even times so you bendin
- wait there dammit I haven't been
anywhere did everything I've been to
Toronto and you've been to Seattle for
there ya know I've been like places in
the US but I've never been outside of
the US aside from Toronto however told
you my German exchange student story
oh I'll retell it what oh my god yeah I
died again rich the shipper musing is
challenging oh ok sir cuz I've had too
many dominant ones I feel sure I'll put
the shackles on ok do it
they're called Hardee's in Milwaukee not
Carl's Junior's no it's the same place
just different name for some reason yeah
I went there today there you go
horrible burger horrible burger good
fries I do not much like the Hardee's it
is horrible because you went to Hardee's
yeah never go to artis I think the last
time I was at Hardee's is like 20 years
ago
that's right if I Jack the food snob I
better if you go to Italy with your
friends you end up having bland to
Chinese food I would do something no I I
when I was in high school I got a call
one day from a friend of mine oh this is
no this is the GOG version I don't have
all the ships I don't usually
oh this good for the battleship but I
can't make this shit no that's fun I got
a call one day from a friend of mine and
the call said hey Jack how would you
like to go to Germany
your trip will be paid for
except for expenses while you are in
Germany but there's one small catch you
need to house a German student when he
comes and he comes tomorrow Oh God
apparently someone who was taking German
in my high school agreed to house a
German student and got arrested and so a
friend of mine who was in German and was
going to be part of the student exchange
program you know just started feeling
that because this kid needed to be
housed somewhere yeah sure
and so as luckily my mother is a
wonderful person I brought this up to
her and she's like sure I don't give a
fuck and we how was the German student I
still to this day do not understand a
word of German it was a very awkward
time but house them for a week and got
to go to Germany we drove down to Italy
for a day I was in high school so of
course I didn't carry unappreciated
Italian but so yeah I got to go to
Germany and I we were supposed to go to
like the classes every day we all
skipped out every single day I would
just not go yeah why would you
what cuz you're in June are they gonna
do we we walked around town all day and
drank and smoked cigarettes and it was
the most wonderful time that's great
so alright slightly different shook try
again
I own I understand some words in English
but now some of them are kind of big
yeah those are the tricky ones right
like tricky
but I think I would I would much I would
do I'd like to get over I'd like to get
out of the country again yeah as an
adult oh wait I've been to the Virgin
Islands - there you go I went there
that's something my sister's wedding
that's something and not st. Thomas
that's like the touristy island yeah we
went to st. Joan's if I'm remembering
correctly okay
chickens running wild in the streets
that's awesome they're everywhere it's
great did you hit any no no that is
great we made friends with a bat cuz we
had we had rented this Lake Phillips a
bat we had rented this Villa and there's
a swimming pool in the back and we were
all out there swimming and at night and
there's this bat that just kept swooping
down like right unto the like skimming
the water yeah sorry sorry we come down
we don't duck under the water like he's
coming back you had a little game yeah
that's great
well the game to him I think you just
want to know her faces off yeah there
were probably bugs on the water and
probably for your faces there are bugs
on her faces right jack if you ever come
to Las Vegas I'll show you a good time
and by good time I mean lose all your
money
that doesn't happen in Vegas Aaron's a
winner there right everyone make us work
even if you lose your money you had a
good time I have family in Vegas I've
been to Vegas many many times I've never
been it's it's it's it's terrible but if
you go in knowing that I'm sure it's fun
it's everything you think it's gonna be
yeah exactly yeah you know what to
expect
yeah obviously there's some good shows
there gambling is only for suckers
go for the suckers who like money who
like losing their money
I really I like the Las Vegas I like I
like Las Vegas on I'm being somewhat
joking but I don't much care for
gambling is the thing because I lose all
my money you can't believe Irish you
know you don't throw your money on the
table but even even then you're the odds
I just means you lose your money much
slower but I still lose all of it I
think the key is that you have to go
into gambling knowing that it's most
likely yes the most likely scenario is
that you will lose your body right and
so then for me it's just like I won't
gamble at all I like walking through the
casino is like it's very bright colors
you see great people people watching in
Vegas is the greatest I'm sure and I
like going to the shows yeah and they
have amazing arcades oh because all of
the people like to dump their children
off while they go gamble and so when I
went to learn when I was younger before
I was legal gambling age I spent all day
in the arcades it's great amazing our
case the trick let it ride there's
always later on I do like roulette is my
favorite game I like really yeah it's my
most favorite game even though it has
those some of the worst odds I got
spoiled because the first time I ever
did it
I actually won like I was up like a
couple hundred bucks nice it was great
and then every time I did since then
nothing just lost all my money
yeah yeah it's like that first time I
was like this is gambling this is great
I want a few hundred bucks
why does a time that be early of
gambling yeah why would this be a bad
addiction hmm
right it's a good city we uh Lisa and I
actually went to Vegas for our honeymoon
because some people we knew had a
timeshare there so we spent some time in
Vegas and then rented a car and drove to
Los Angeles okay and that's a beautiful
Drive
oh yeah up through the desert through
the mountains and we saw the prices
right with Bob Barker back on Bob Barker
was still there fuck yeah always bet
against Jack that's probably true yeah
well oh by the way that's the scam you
always bet against me I'll always bet
for me either way one of us is women
it's a win-win so I could meets a dingo
speaking of gambling timeshares
absolutely don't ever get a time-series
the biggest scam and they stop you on
the street don't they to try and sell
you time shares all you need to do is
sit through our one-hour presentation
yeah you get a free room
oh they kept trying to corner see it
wasn't our timeshare but they kept
trying to get us oh well do you know
free bus tours here do you know free you
want to show will get you a free show
just sit here through the thing nope
yeah leave me alone timeshare assholes
yeah was the guy from Alex Thicke Alan
Thicke Alan Thicke it was Alan Thicke
was the spokesperson for our time sure
that's great
you see cutouts of Alan Thicke
everywhere was he actually there though
because I would I would go to one of
those timeshare seminar things if he was
actually there just to meet just to meet
Alan Thicke I mean I'd ask him why did
you raise such a douchebag son not Kirk
Cameron he's a real son I know he makes
alright music well maybe he's a dickhead
I don't know probably he's probably
based on the lyrics of that stupid-ass
song of his it's like the worst song
ever blurred line yeah yeah thank God
we're doubt parried it parodied it so I
can enjoy it yeah that's a good one
who is Alan Thicke he's Robin Thicke's
dad he's Robins and he was played at
actor on a growing pains other than
Japan were in the world do you really
want a visit why would you exclude Japan
from that list cuz that's where everyone
wants to go is it that's where that's
all I was I'm not a goddamn fool I don't
care about that shit
Oh what what anime fan oh this is what
you're you saying that's the only reason
to visit there that's weird
hey my sister went there she's a wee
I'm sure you would want to if you were a
weeaboo as you say work there are plenty
of all the reasons to go
I would love to good help just for the
culture shock oh sure just to soak in
that that very very strange culture to
me it's strange to me not to them it's
normal today it's normal we're weird to
that we're weird we're weird period
actually are you sure about that they're
just like us on steroids
we we wish we could be as weird as Japan
yeah we have to put effort into being as
weird as Japan what World War two just
messed them up in the head you know what
happened that happens a lot of it
basically destroyed their culture yeah
well they got to start fresh and I think
that's nice
I would like to go there I would like to
go to not for very long but I would like
to go to India because you can't go
there for too long and I'd like to stay
in a hotel that has a real bathroom
because I like real bathrooms by night
you know I just to go someplace that's
so different yeah sure would be great I
like different things
we don't in America we don't have panty
vending machines that's true
we should though yeah I mean what if
someone needs a pair of babies exactly
you never know right
India is the bathroom I oh I know scary
maybe Brazil anywhere I'd like to do
Greece just to see some of the other
rules maybe a Scandinavia see a Viking
and shit I don't like an actual living
Viking you know they're still there you
fucking know there's one still there oh
vending machines for dirty panties yeah
that's even grosser okay dirty that's
you know what I can totally see that
yeah will you buy dirty pennies yes and
I think that's that's that's the kind of
strangeness that I have a hard time
fathoming it's great let alone that's
why you got to go to Japan yeah it's
just so weird
come to Finland free beer for you here
too I'm on my way I don't go anywhere
for free beer rule number one it's not
really free if you have to spend several
thousands of dollars to get there though
the beer is free okay I was I'm saying
if I happen to be in Finland I will let
you know strange person in the chat but
for real Japan has a beer vending
machines oh now we're talking
how was Star Trek the 25th anniversary
uh what was a bad environment to play it
I remember liking that in the past
though so and that's not the Mormon
sister dome the Mormon sisters really an
anime that would be a position yeah
she's a weeble what is it weeba waffa me
a boo weeaboo we know I like Weibo
better weebles wobble but they don't
fall down
yes roof that's true about weevils
what in Idaho they have a french fry
vending machine made right in the
vending machine that sounds terrible
that sounds like it would not taste like
there's just like I'm like cream like
boiling grease I'm the vending machine
that sounds very dangerous that make
Jack leave and the idea that that exists
just check out the room yeah are you
doing better this run Oh
find some stuff
coming to the med max yes oh man
yeah but I'm assuming what you're
talking about was that he's he doesn't
do much in the film but everything in
that trailer had him tied up yeah yeah
yeah it's right after the trailer and if
you've seen the other bad max movies
he's not you know the most proactive guy
he sort of gets swept up in a situation
and and deals with it because he has to
have you seen all the other Mad Max
movies yeah all of them oh yeah okay um
big fan of the road warrior yeah I don't
care much for the original the originals
it's slower I like it it's a different
type of movie the only one I don't
really care much for is Beyond
Thunderdome I love the first yeah I like
Beyond Thunderdome more than most people
I think it seems like people that grew
up with it like it like that's the one
that everybody saw that was like the
bigger movie that's like a snake oh yeah
they heard that on cable all the time
yeah yeah Beyond Thunderdome is a nice
little character max when he was at his
low point and in road warrior and he
kind of starts gaining some of his
humanity back yeah yeah Thunderdome I
guess I loved the first half of it I
loved Bartertown but once he teams up
with those little kids I'm like get me
out of here he doesn't even have his
awesome car in it no everyone don't
warrior yeah but yeah I love master
blaster I love Bartertown whole I love
the Thunderdome Master Blaster say again
master blaster runs Bartertown the
classic
that first half is great
plus I love the the the Thunderdome
fight itself oh yeah chainsaws oh it's
awesome all that great stuff what's gone
yet magical Oh No
yeah it's funny the reason they just
re-released Mad Max on blu-ray and you
could tell they ported over special
features from like an older release of
it because there's one extra feature
that's like all about praising Mel
Gibson as like movie star in modern
history is all these people talking
about what what an amazing guy Mel
Gibson is like yep this is old do you
think he's going to have a comeback no
no no he'll still be in stuff he's been
in some stuff but no he's never gonna
earn forgiveness for those coming I I
see the light am i with my error of my
way I don't think so
I mean who I'm sure he'll keep being and
stuff and maybe I'll you know be in a
couple bigger things but he'll not never
be what he was what has he been in much
since no I think he was in the second
machete movie which is like a joke but
and he was in that movie the Jodie
Foster directed the beaver I think that
was after that oh the beaver it's yeah I
wanted to see it cuz it's just cuz it
sounded weird but I guess it's not very
social
it sounds like a horror movie about a
killer vagina no it's he plays a guy
that has like a beaver puppet and he
like expresses his feelings through the
beaver puppet it sounds kind of crazy
but I guess it's really some generic and
melodramatic I'm crazy yeah I guess it's
not as crazy as the premise makes a
sound but I never saw that but no he's
gone well Mel Gibson ever have a
comeback
god no too far he's too far yeah like
you have personal problems like drugs
you can come back from that it's like
like Michael Richards when's his
comeback yeah and I never happened well
he was only big in the first place
because I've never guessed you're
Michael Richards a star that's here's
not a Mel Gibson was beloved by millions
yeah I think that makes it worse
and something like what happened was him
happen so with Kramer it's like oh he's
Kramer he was that funny guy in that one
sitcom that really didn't do much else
right but yeah his his star was fizzling
regardless yeah he got a boost
fewer like oh yeah Kramer right but Mel
Gibson like he is one of the biggest I
mean I would this all started because I
was talking about no they just recently
released met the first fan max will be
on blu-ray
Oh screen factory did oh it's tricky and
there was a there's a special feature on
it that was clearly ported over from
like an older release where it's like
the whole special feature is like Mel
Gibson the the most beloved man in
Hollywood and it's just like interviews
with people talking about how much they
love Mel Gibson and what a great guy oh
my god it's like this is this is not a
new special feature that is I mean it's
great it's great that actually almost
makes me want to buy it it's it's a fine
little time capsule no that's great I
need to rewatch the originals Road
Warriors the one to watch well I like
the first one a lot too though I know
some people think it's kind of boring I
think I understand it it's a different
type of movie but I like it mm-hmm it
doesn't even have quite the same like
post-apocalyptic feel no it's it's it's
pre post-apocalyptic it's it's sort of
like society is starting to crumble and
like everyone's turning into violent you
know monsters but we haven't completely
collapsed yet will the apocalypse of Mad
Max it's not nuclear I mean I know they
they had that radioactive water and
Beyond Thunderdome but I mean the
intention was just society breaking down
once the oil dried up wasn't it I
believe so yeah hmm I like it they're
good movies now get around to him
I'm trying what I've been trying to do
is like come up with a scenario
in which Mel Gibson is once again
accepted everyone Sarge I don't think so
here's what needs to happen he saves
burning he saves the burning Jewish
orphanage and in doing so has a
revelation about religion and bigotry
okay and and I'd also saved children
Jewish children yeah and and in that
revelation then it starts a career and
starts his career anew okay with smaller
character driven indie features
eventually leading up to him being the
new Iron Man all right
how did he repent for his horrible
racism though was it right as he said it
was both it was so many I thought it I
thought it's the Jews no no no he said
and it's all like recorded too so it's
like you can't even deny it or that's
what makes it worse because like I
listen to some of the recordings and
it's like he's so filled with hate we
were with this ranting where it's like
this isn't even just somebody like
slipping up an anchor and saying
something stupid like he is so fueled by
anger he he said some horrible things he
saves the the babies from the Jewish
orphanage at the behest of his new black
wife he met while doing aid work in
Africa okay
I'm sure this is this is all going to
happen I mean it would be a beloved
movie star once again this will never
happen but I'm just if that did happen
right what's what's the worst thing an
actor has done that has been forgiven Oh
think of all the terrible things actors
have done any murders have any murderers
been forgiven
Fatty Arbuckle manslaughter has been
forgive
I think not like like murder like just
I'm gonna kill you because I want to
kill you I don't think that's ever
happened I've heard I don't know that
was just legend kind of think that
Matthew Broderick killed somebody yeah
Walter no less that's that happened
there you go yeah
john john landis yeah yeah but that was
all like you know that wasn't like
murder like I don't know it's lately
most languages
yeah but slightly different hmm
that's not like premeditated murder
right right I'm just curious now what
will persuade some so Matthew Broderick
was driving drunk and he killed someone
with a car
with his car okay oh I don't I don't
think I'd heard that he was drunk though
I know that he hit someone with his car
he killed them then that's two very
different things like if he hit someone
yeah I mean it's possible I was drunk
Aisha don't think I had heard that
that's right Rick Moranis is a saying
who's talking about about Rick mark Rick
Moranis is the same yes the best he's
like you know what I'm bored with this
I'm leaving Hollywood and he is left no
no it was more than that his look his
wife was terminally ill was that before
after he already decided to leave though
I think that was after was it I think so
I think that was part of his decision to
leave so he could spend time with his
wife and okay well if so then that's
even more admirable of him I thought it
was like unrelated I think it was it was
the mixture of all of them okay he was
becoming bored yeah and then his wife
got terminally ill so he wanted to spend
time with her and his kids and just
fucked it all it was great yeah did his
own thing what a Grammy yeah at first
his weird country music weird country
damn Rick Moranis is the best yes always
I miss him I wish he would do more stuff
but he gotta respect his decision
now yeah it's okay to leave also wish
yeah well he said like I listen to an
interview with him somewhat recently
with it was done in the last couple of
years where they were talking about like
you know would you ever come back and do
a movie in again he's like yeah if it
didn't inconvenience me like maybe he's
like cuz he's talking about he's like I
you know someone approached me about
doing this really low-budget independent
thing and I was interested in doing it
because I liked the script um but I
didn't end up doing it because it would
have meant that I would had to be away
from home for like six weeks or
something like that and so I didn't do
it and just an idea of like yeah I
thought about doing it like he's still
like not like no I'm not gonna be in
movies anymore earlier he's open to the
idea if it's the right circumstances
he's just the best guy yes the same the
same with Gene Wilder he did an
interview recently oh yeah and this
sounds horrible but I always forget that
he's still alive
hey man Mel Brooks no Mel Brooks is
still kind of he stays in the public eye
quite a bit
does he I haven't I haven't seen a
photograph of him in like 15 years no he
did the producers on Broadway and yeah
he was on a season of Curb Your
Enthusiasm yeah I imagine at this point
he looks like a corpse looks like an old
man he's energetic and a really great
interview with Conan Conan was like
testing out video podcasts and I just
sat down and did long-form interviews
with famous people and Conan and it's
Conan O'Brien and Mel Brooks just
chatting for an hour
oh wow it's awesome huh serious jibber
jabber Ellis is this when Conan wasn't
doing a show no this is this was during
during Conan Conan on CBS he just he's
doing a weird random shit now huh cuz he
doesn't give a fuck how's this shirt
doing on TV yes
it's a show on TBS so I think it's doing
very well on the Internet the next day
okay
his Clips always have high view counts
on the Internet the next day I'm kind of
shocked he didn't end up on a different
network I mean who's offering him the
creative control he wants and at least a
reasonable amount of and of course he
doesn't care about money he got so much
from NBC because gave him money to leave
yeah well they had to yeah because they
broke this contract I did this all
started Gene Wilder Wilder gave an
interview recently and someone asked him
if he ever wanted to act again because
he's left him for so long and he said he
continues to read scripts all the time
oh really he just hates them all sure I
said if I get a script that I like I
will act in it yeah na yeah that's kind
of Rick Moranis
situation too if I like the scripts and
I don't have to leave for very long
right maybe how about this stop writing
bad scripts and you can get these
wonderful people to be in your movies
did you do well what okay
your beard is really coming along yeah
yeah it is do it
I like it it's significantly longer than
you've seen it so far and I'm tell you
what kind of liking it it's getting into
your little shot yeah yeah trim it up a
little bit alright I need to get find
some kind of trimmer you gonna give your
trimmer
Rosalie's works Trevor what are they
like a thousand dollars worth a there
there exactly a thousand dollars oh you
got a beard trimmer for like a hundred
bucks maybe less I'm just got like a
goat munch on it or just let it go
Montel then you got to buy the go and
those are expensive yeah you gotta find
food hmm it's more of a pain in the long
run but only half as much as the
Clippers
hey guys still talking about matthew
broderick are we is that jet caught up
with everyone else okay well we'll be
forgiven first Mel Brooks or door
Jeffrey Jones no Brooks
Mel Gibson Gibson rich Mel Brooks for
Dracula didn't loving him
I have not forgiven him for that you
know and you shouldn't that movie sucks
movie was terrible no Jeffrey Jones no
Mel Gibson before Jeffrey Jones all I'm
saying is I wouldn't rule out a a Mel
Gibson come back someday
I don't know he'll start he'll start
some kind of independent drama that's a
I'll do like a really good job and it'll
start to grease the wheels of him having
a comeback I think I think he's too
nothing he's like old old but I think
he's too old for that at this stage in
his career this Chad has to be way
behind yeah there's they're like they're
like giving us the facts about Matthew
Broderick now are they behind are they
just obsessed with Matthew Brian I think
I think they're very behind I think he
wasn't drunk he was driving on the wrong
side of the road in Ireland oh is
Matthew Broderick oh it was not drunk
just confused and I oh wow that's you
know that makes you feel bad for him oh
that's that's a horrible accident
honestly sorry Chad Debbie you're so far
behind are they behind her you not
scrolled to the bottom and I think we're
not scroll to the bottom of the thing oh
that's probably yeah can you fix it and
make it so oh yeah oh we got D scrolled
we got these scrolls everything's fine
now
are we screaming off of tethered 4G no
we're hardwired in we're hardwired and
Twitch's implementing a new feature
starting tomorrow which we won't be
testing out smart but on Sunday we'll be
testing it out you can opt in and it
promises to reduce the streaming lag you
know right now we say something in like
a minute or so later yeah the chat here
is it and they want to start reducing
that leg to better facilitate
conversations between you and the Jeff
well that makes sense you'll see a small
reduction in video quality to make it
move a little faster but we'll
definitely be trying that out I'm
excited did we catch up yes the chat is
all caught up now maybe fix it ever
sorry everything so nice at least that
delay allowed us to get the true story
on the Matthew Broderick situation so at
least that has some resolution I'm just
trying to think like obviously like OJ
is not doing anything nowadays
he's just being OJ just hanging out in
prison there there are plenty of like
professional athletes who are dickheads
yeah there's some stuff that they seem
to be forgiven for where I'm like really
right but like didn't that boxer who
just won the boxing match like beat the
shit out of his wife or something
I have probably many jokes about that I
only know that through the jokes people
say it about him practicing on his wife
professional athletes in general I'm
sure are fine people it's it's all the
Dickens so you say we'd like to turn a
blind eye to two sports figures more so
than anyone else which is kind of weird
to me it is it's very strange
it's very strange yeah
I don't necessarily understand it nope
all of these sports people that I have
met and interacted with seem to be very
pleasant people I'm sure it's not like
everyone that plays sports is a monster
oh right but it seems like when one does
something kind of heinous they're more
they're forgiven much quicker than yeah
you know an actor would be you're a
musician or something yes because people
like a brother gene ones because because
Americans love their sports it's true
people like it when their team wins
that's it I'm repeating it because it's
so true it's upsettingly true beat his
wife buddy
sure throws a mean fastball yeah I mean
he runs so fast do you think he ran that
fast after the cops were chasing him for
that illegal dogfighting right remember
when he killed all those dogs MVP MVP I
don't even know if that guy Michael Vick
Michael Vick yeah kill the bunch of dogs
made dogs fight each other yep that's a
dickhead right there yep Michael dick oh
I just thought of that up zing it's
funny on the commentary track for the
Naked Gun because you know OJ Simpson's
in that movie yeah yeah they're just
like constantly making fun of him
because the commentary was done after
all his shit oh God like the opening
scene of that movie I don't know unless
I'm you saw but the opening scene is OJ
like sneaking onto a dock and like
listening in so it's like he's wearing
like a ski cap and he's like sneaking
around and they're like the sucker is
like I think it's David sucker is like
now is this part of the movie or is this
just like footage of OJ
see someone who'll never be forgiven No
yeah you cut off your wife's head that's
a little are forgivable well it's just
like it's it's such a weird thing like
forgiving like he's he's innocent in a
court of law
oh yeah so but no no hopefully in his
lifetime we will not forget wasn't he in
prison forever now he'll be out he's
better there awhile isn't he
ah that's the most fucked-up thing that
that's what he's in prison for and
didn't he lose like he lost his civil
suit right yeah where Nicole Simpson
obviously Nicole Simpson's family like
sued him for killing her and he lost it
like he couldn't be tried for murdering
her but they're like oh we can prove it
in civil court that you owe us a bunch
of money for killing her yeah it works
whatever works
but having such an upbeat conversation
here tonight yeah yeah we talk about the
heart issues and Matthew Broderick
things that were relevant 20 years ago
hey he lives in this area right yeah it
was in uh Mequon or he did I don't know
if he still does fighting some people
that worked at the movie theater up
there and he would come in for movies
once in a while no oh that's weird
what's he do it appeared oh yeah I live
somewhere never been spoken
unless you're a pedophile yes there's
some stain I forget where it is where
they be laws on like where you gonna
live or so harsh like you get to be so
many miles from this Florida Florida
that there's like technically there's
literally no we're out of state a
pedophile who's been released from
prison can live oh there's no worry
that's not far enough away from school
huh well oh oh I thought you're talking
to did they just did a story about this
like a couple months ago there's like a
sliver in Florida and it's like Oh Lord
is the only place they can't no no like
in a certain city in Florida there's
like an underpass pedo Hill
yes no it has and it's like this little
sliver of a bunch of hobos and pens it's
a bunch of the hobo pedophiles much
purer sciences children beware
oh yeah the real thing Wow any children
less than 50 feet of that underpass Oh
God
no this was this was a this was like an
NPR story for a while like they sent
reporters down to interview people and
some of them came back okay no we're
making fun of dickheads and pedophile
yeah we're laughing at monsters yes oh
thank you Kate King kyudo Wikipedia you
can look don't go to this underpass find
out where it isn't don't know where
isn't it oh that would be great
Thunderdome but for peridot pedophiles
no the problem is what does the winner
get yeah you wouldn't want anyone to win
Ryan
the winner gets some Scotch to help him
forget yeah that took a tea jar probably
yep that's all right I'm gonna go out on
a limb here I'm gonna I'm gonna if
someone has asked a question and I'm
going to assume everybody's answer okay
I'm gonna give you the answer first
we don't give a flying fuck now I'd like
to present you with the question I'm
assuming it's something what do you feel
feel about this movie that's coming out
yeah movie the entourage movie oh I've
never seen entourage it looks like a
show about a bunch of douche bags I
think I think that's what it is
I don't watch that it's unapologetically
that okay no thanks Greg I've seen I've
seen it a couple seasons of Entourage
it's fine it has pretty ladies in it who
sometimes get very close to being naked
or naked okay so I'm okay with that
it's fine it's not great I can't imagine
why they're making a movie yeah that
seems weird it's like not that there was
never like a huge show right I mean it
was on for several seasons and it had a
following but
popular enough I guess it seems weird
that they would make a movie out of it
no yeah I agree but again I don't know
much about it so yeah it's it was kind
of funny during one of the seasons oh
fuck oh you're totally fucked oh how far
do you have to go back
fuck yeah okay you just have to go back
one but yeah you're gonna go I gotta go
back to three by the time I get there
yeah yeah yeah shields it no no I get
for not checking first you gotta check
Sandra's I've running gag and one of the
later season the second or third season
is they're making James Cameron is
directing the Aquaman movie okay and a
lot of the the tongue-in-cheek joke was
of course they'd never make an Aquaman
so that's why rich knows that's why they
have the wines he just wasn't paying
attention he was yeah Entourage
don't be here it is jump
oh yeah situation yeah yeah
do it I do like nope
did someone teleport yeah that dickhead
over time
you can do it rich
your god jump oh you're gonna write to
the exit get a fire one good enough huh
well I'm gonna moved up by the time I
got there yeah but no no you could have
farmed one more and then gone back to
the exit either way you'd have to either
way you'd have to fight at the exit I
just want to live right now sure sure
are my kids gaming pros now no but still
noobs still horrible noobs they've
gotten over their love of shovel knight'
it's it's now moved to Lego Batman
I mean yeah they still love shovel
Knight fun but you know let me Batman
Batman
Leggett land Lego Batman this is not
good oh you're now we're fucked
I do want to get them like I I would
have preferred it if they could have
played shovel knight with the NES
gamepad just the way I had it set up
they were playing on the ps4 but I think
it would have been better for them to
play it on the NES USB what I'm glad you
enjoyed the gags of shovel the shovel
knight episode I enjoyed that too I got
a little silly that was a good episode
yeah a little silly with the editing and
I liked it that happens sometimes we're
gonna die yeah it's almost inevitable oh
you can do it I believe in you know
about engines but for why that scrolling
lists of every platformer on the NES was
100% accurate I did not add more to be
silly and I made it scroll as fast as I
could with like with everything still
being visible and I want to say it's
like a minute and a half
girl yes me you can't see how many help
points you have because it see the
screens effect oh jesus H Christ I can't
believe you got out of that yeah let's
be honest oh you could get the number
parallel yeah I got a prepare so much am
I gonna be able to buy weapons for the
next sectors this is a huge disaster you
know maybe
yeah there were there are 800 titles on
the NES and 450 of them we're
platformers
I'm shocked it's not a higher percentage
the honest truth I'm sure it's I I made
up a number I don't remember the exact
number I'd be willing to guess 80% of
the best titles for sometimes platformer
all right
you know what I'm down with that Matthew
the ship is now 88% duct-tape how the
true how true you could do this man you
could do this don't tell me what I can
and can't do this this is why you can't
do
if you're blowing your nose it's not
boogers it's not what's a booger a
booger is like when you pick your nose
and you get a little booger snot is when
it's more liquidy mucusy okay there we
go
like there could have been some boogers
in there I don't know it went in the
tissue and I don't check okay you got to
look for these things cuz you don't want
to come back here and say you got a
booger when you got snot
I just into tissue I blew a mixture of
boogers okay I'm not the kind of person
that will blow their nose and then look
at the tissue I think there are those
type of people and they make me see
see you're fine you're good to go
so what do you got you got a flat cam it
kind of salmon you got flat cam in a
beam you don't need that beam Oh
flakka being yeah that's pretty good I
always need help her down yeah but it
takes the three fucking things he's a
great fucking weapon that's why it takes
three things spend money to make money
uh yeah this is true this is by and by
the way you're right Jay also and and it
some much-needed class to the show in
our booger versus not but hey this is
medical this is important oh oh you give
the Automator reloader i had to sew my
scanner in my long-range scanners how
the fuck did okay the reason I'm not
dead right now
oh you know for an automated reloader
that's worth it you know that means
superfast flak super fast blackie oh
good luck watching fury mo road as mike
i hope you enjoy it he's from Australia
that how's Mike he sent us Australian
movies oh yeah so you should enjoy more
than anyone oh is this one also in
Australia where the first one basis it's
their Australian movies yeah yeah the
first one is a part of the the obsolete
ation movement at that period the late
seventies early eighties but I mean is
the setting based in Australia I wasn't
never really I don't think they ever
specifically say but I mean everybody's
Australian sure um everybody has the
accents now there's a great documentary
called easy come easy go Jack what these
come easy go great oh oh I see that
you're on fire oh I'm sorry for your
impending doom and
Wow Boop
I'm very sorry that's okay that's okay
is it yeah I'm I'm done playing shit I
know what you wanna do
what time is it 10400 it's almost 11:00
yeah we call it I've I got this head
cold I can't come straight I can barely
comes ready for talking to you guys yeah
we got we got shit to edit I got a I got
I got I gotta make a shit tonight you
gotta make a shit I gotta make it well
not a shit I got I have to make a putter
thing tonight oh yeah and I've already
lost my train of thought this is how how
bad my head cold this that's unfortunate
my fur I hate it I hate it
yeah flying in planes I just don't want
to get it that's all I want
it's too late it's too late any last
things you want to talk about Wow
