Sep 30, 2015
Dropsy
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/19882802
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/19884896
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/19885977
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hADA_DiJo7w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lp2fBtgbzxY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZD18vbuAn4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/649288729270554624
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/649300478484987904

[Part I]
um someone recommended it to me I do
believe that dropsy is a point-and-click
adventure game and okay on the steam
store I saw a little bit of the art
style and it looks like it has a very
interesting art style and so I'm playing
it tonight because plans got changed and
so we couldn't do a stream together and
it's like well like this is a game that
I I don't know if I ever would pick up
just by myself so dream it alright cuz
cuz why not cuz it might suck cuz it
might suck and then at least we could
maybe get some get some jokes out of it
so hopefully richer you can see it on
your screen as well and help me out if
we need any puzzles solved alright I see
an ad for Uncharted right now alright
wait I wait til you see the great
collection the water
oh the Nathan Drake collection get all
you know what that is that's what you
played so you can get all caught up on
the story for the last game if only they
had something like that for metal gear
yeah yeah I don't think it mattered for
metal gear why don't we tie it up it'll
gear against our okay okay I just it's a
problem is it in plenty other games
doesn't really have tone problems no
that's a bad argument no risk because
all the games had tone problems and so
this we have problems I know other
people like it I don't fuck Metal Gear
fans what a budget yes they're they're
terrible they're just they don't just
they don't give a shit about the
gameplay I'm sure not all of them but
you know just based on the comments oh
no you know and I guess like I should
take time like cuz we complain off and
on about all the Metal Gear fans that
have wrote written terrible things about
us but there have been several fans who
agree with us and and just say hey I'm a
fan of the series all of your points
make absolute sense but I still like it
and that's perfectly like that's fine
and we have gotten a lot of those
comments so so that's where I talk about
anything else okay I hit the play button
on dropsy Ridge okay we're playing drop
see here here we are
drop seeing it up okay and already we
have creepy clowns we have Oh a creepy
clown that's 32 fire well that's good
good on him good he a creepy clown just
burned down a circus it might have been
an accident
why does Rich's mic sound terrible
because he's skyping in
and so he won't sound as nice as me
and okay rich this might be an already
game oh this this game is all on you
jack oh oh my god this is all on me I
okay I'm the flames
the flames are happening oh my god
so is it point-and-click it is a
point-and-click and it's kind of
terrifying so far I can look at the
things that apparently were in my
bedroom which included which includes
like a picture of someone barfing blood
a crying tin - crying clowns so we got
that going for us
oh my god this is horrifying rich I
kinda love it
okay like in love it already
I'm kind of shocked you playing this I
didn't think that you had any love of
the point-and-click after after watching
we call it the Tim Schafer game Oh
broken broken you know i i'm here's what
i'm hoping I'm hoping this is short okay
I think I have love for the
point-and-click
oh my god
oh my god
creepy things see this is this is a very
nice atmosphere III guess I don't think
I have a problem with a point book I
think I have I have a patient's problem
with point legs and that was my deal
with with broken age as I just ran out
of the floor guru mouth and just ate me
right that sounds nice
oh it was a dream it was a fever dream
it was a fever oh I picked up something
that's great
okay this might be so the circus has not
been burned down apparently not that was
a dream so I'm here in my bedroom
the pictures are no longer vomiting
blood I have a little puppy with me and
I've picked up what I have I picked up
its look in my inventory my inventory is
my giant clown pants so I'm pretty happy
about that I picked up like a birthday
picture that's that's cool you know what
I hate Jacqueline clowns you hate clowns
I hate clowns why do you hate clowns
they're not funny they're just creepy
I've never seen any clown that wasn't
some degree more creepy than he was
funny
sure sure you know they can be cons can
be creepy and this clown in particular
oh no wait okay so the Channel five News
has this whole thing that says the
circus did burn down is it a good clown
or a bad clown
what does that mean I don't know I don't
know what that means rich but I'm here
in the circus
most assuredly not burnt-down wants to
know our opinions on killer Klowns from
outer space is it is it objectively the
best movie in the world who in the world
I don't know but I haven't seen it since
I was child but some guy who helped some
props for space cop owned some genuine
screen-used killer Klowns masks yes
there in his creepy basement and then
like it's very creepy because their best
are not in good shape anymore like just
the kind of like rotting killer clown
from outer space masks so you could
imagine how that would look and this is
a guy who like as a hobby makes props
and yes his like big props are full I
believe the killer clown stuff was
actual extreme news problems oh it was
but like the rest of his basement is
also filled with like aliens and
marionettes and just weird other movie
stuff so it's all sorts of creeps it was
really fun hanging out with him forever
it was just like it was like a who's
gonna get murdered today kind of
situation that's always fun
I don't know if it's objectively the
best movie in the world yeah it's pretty
good like I like I haven't seen it since
the movie was actually brand-new right
so I don't that's the problem it's just
been too long since I've seen killer
Klowns from outer space there's
something Jay would have to say about
that oh my god oh no I'm not gonna eat
you chicken I have oh oh oh I get it I
get it
pointing clicks you know what it's been
a while since I've had I've played a
point-and-click and I forget how to do
it Jay would have a ton to say about
killer Klowns from outer space they want
me to ask you if you're excited for new
black mirror episodes
oh my god something really creepy just
happened to my clown laughed and it
scared me you know I like a little bit
of black mirror that I saw so I don't
necessarily I'm not like fanboy number
one so I don't necessarily care I think
it's it's funnier that if you remember
the the first black mayor episode we
talked about was where they the British
Prime Minister it had to I had to fuck a
pig
mm-hmm and and then it came out in the
news recently that like a British prime
minister like there's evidence of him
like fucking a pig in real life no I
don't know if I even believe that that
sounds so absurd exactly it sounds like
a metal gear plot twist sorry sorry
don't do it there is a there's a game
mechanic in dropsy rich in which our
creepy clown has to hug people okay
and when we hug them we can get presents
so we got that going for us
you know if this game is relatively
short I think I might love everything
about this game
oh I get it I get it okay
I just need a nice short game rich all
pre-record you know what for the net fur
for a while yes prereq discussions will
lead back to Medicare because you know
the big thing in our lives right now and
I don't necessarily like that it's the
big thing in our lives right now but the
Chad is saying after being serious
became 70 hours no I
you know what Chad I don't believe you
I'm just gonna go ahead left overview a
case that it probably takes 80 hours to
be oh sure that's a 100% but then
Krieger 783 says the game is easily 100
plus hours you know what I'm in no mood
for these kinds of shenanigans
I just wanna let everyone know that any
other games you're excited for and I
want to play coming up coming up
I've even XCOM nothing I can think of up
top my head
XCOM - what else is even coming up I I
don't have like a list in my brain right
I'm curious about the what are they
calling a transformers devastation oh
yeah you were mentioning that the
PlatinumGames Transformers game I'm
excited about that a little bit that's
super duper excited not a huge
Transformers fan bet fan but that game
looks fun hello yeah my audio cut out
for a second oh no I was just I was just
listening I was just listening someone
someone just like tweeted a game that
looks really amazing I'm gonna go look
it up really quick chat is mentioning no
man's sky i yeah like I said I'm a
little bit worried that the e3 trailer
the last one looked a lot it looks very
much the same as the first one we saw
we're just gonna be not that much
variety in it we'll see because I'm
still interested in it I did just get
elite dangerous which honestly I played
a little bit of it and oh it looks it
looks like a lot of things I love it
might it might be just too much for me
to get into I mean that's like a game
you could sink like a year into oh I
don't like the forests online
connectivity bullshit I was really
disappointed after that that popped up
you got register and beside it and that
was a whole thing with the way theaters
do with other people single player
experience I shouldn't have to be logged
in and registered to play it
I just I just picked up a squirrel and
kicked and kissed the squirrel rich yeah
I just I made a squirrel happy with its
my cloudiness here's my extremely early
impression elite dangerous because we
may inject a botch elite dangerous we
want we could have botched elite
dangerous well I mean we've kind of
started doing like a more of a first
impressions thing but we're gonna play
like the first four hours of a game and
not that really do a review just just
kind of show our reactions to it yes and
we we picked the lead dangerous as one
of the games we're gonna test the waters
on that with and Jack you were miserable
the whole time but I was just kind of
delighted like setting a flight path
system to the other
oh it was it was horrid like the the
whole thing was was dull and dry and you
know we had to deliver a package from
one galaxy to the other galaxies and
everything I'm looking forward you know
I want in like a simulator only only
what what happened about your lap
basically the laptop wasn't plugged in
and all of the footage we were recording
from the actual game got destroyed yes
we know that we can't use it so
something very sad happened which which
is the foot all the game footage got
destroyed which is very very upsetting
and and so I thought it was a pretty
decent I don't know that the combat
controls are tight enough for me I
combat was kind of a pain in the ass but
just just like landing and navigating
and what that was so super fun what do
you mean I can't reach that
now it was I mean I that's one of those
games where it's like i-i-i just there's
no there's no world in which I have that
much time you know to play lead
dangerous yep
oh my god these people are so Savage
these people are so sad you think
they'll be sadder what don't hug them I
don't I don't know no oh no like I see
now there's a whole bunch of stuff here
where it's like they'll say stuff like
stuff that they want you know like this
girl like it's really hot out and she's
four and that's why she's sad and then
this girl it looks like someone is
smoking and she's doesn't like that so
what's what's the object then you need
to make them happy I assume I have no
idea I'm gonna try to hug this girl but
I don't think that's gonna work do you
do you need to to solve their there once
yes I believe I need to solve their
wants and then I can hug them and and
after I hugged them that makes them
happy but I don't know for sure
we're gonna we're gonna give it a try
yes we know about the blood-borne
expansion is it actually a huge
expansion I thought it was so it's it's
an expansion I was under the impression
that it was just more like a couple
extra levels and some outfits but what
is that coming up i I don't I don't know
I just
we can bring you back to life drop see
the clown you are a clown who has um
Wi-Fi please what
who know no one has information on when
was born DLC comes out
it's a full expansion according to
doctor Telos a full expansion yes not
like those half expansions no I mean
they have to don't make Betty full
expansion she's I don't know what a full
expansion like content the amount of
things that are different okay sounds
like a retirement more than a level and
a few weapons a full expansion would be
like a significant chunk of game okay
like I'm almost like a mini sequel oh
okay nice that would uh that would fill
me with a significant amount of hype I
like there I would like an excuse to uh
to pick up a lot born again oh is it
gonna be like a knock DLC is gonna be a
separate disc is that what you're saying
chat someone saying an expansion as
opposed to DLC
what the guys are confusing it's like a
sequel but with the same engine oh I
know Lucky Strikes I couldn't just pick
it up again but you know an excuse to
pick it up is nice of course I could
just pick it up again
Japan gets a physical bundle
but we know Japan rich we don't get no
physical bundle I know like like with
with the XCOM the the enemy within I
think would have been considered an
expansion I think I think I sold it that
way I think it's called an expansion
I was uh I had a little time this oh
this man is unhappy
oh he needs a snack I have snacks I have
snacks sir do I still have snacks in my
pants then why don't you touch the
plants though no because I saw the sign
that said touching the plants equals
death
oh my god yeah I think they want to see
you die well of course they want to see
me die
hold on
he would this man wants a snack cake but
I gave my snack cake to a squirrel well
you shouldn't have done that
oh yeah he's not happy with clowns right
now because what if clowns done for him
lately
so I guess I guess I really messed up by
getting my snack cake - is that that -
that squirrel okay okay this is uh this
is a thing rich this is the thing that's
happening in the game and you know we
just gotta go for it
everyone is saying that Shay by the way
that was Jay yeah yeah sure a beer you
know he had a nice beard he had a nice
beard somebody else wanted you to hit
the pillar Pig the pillar yeah pig you
Pig the pillar oh you know what I didn't
hit any pillars I could go try the Hager
pillar
uh-oh I'm gonna go ahead oh you know I
think I might be able to dig a cactus my
Higgs our cactus no he doesn't he
doesn't want any characters this
soundtrack is full of drugs this whole
game is kind of full of drugs but the
soundtrack especially where did that
come from
that came from over here
dropsy the clown you know what DLC I did
get my hands on today what a night wing
Oh for our comic night for our comic a
night the night wing expansions came on
anything available people who didn't buy
the retarded bundle pass thing there is
anything available for people who don't
buy the retarded season pass I think I
believe it's just available for everyone
I would like I would like to pick and
choose and spend half as much on all the
bullshit just maybe just the bullshit I
want sure yeah oh you did have to hate
the pillar but what did that do what did
I get for hitting the pillar I don't
understand
yeah I think it's available it's you
know we streamed the Batgirl one
and you know like the background one I
feel was decent like you know I had a
nice big area new area right yeah some
some predator sections fighting sections
it was all that was pretty I'm gonna
call that one the the decent you know
obviously not worth the season pass
prices but this the Nightwing yeah is is
too brawler fights and at one stealth
section
oh really that's it what Ned no you like
with the Batgirl one you got to like go
around later like there were
collectibles to brawlers or one stealth
section that's all what the fuck it was
it was ridiculous and it was at Gotham
City PD so it was at a place where that
we've already been to the only things I
would want so far I would want the
background DLC and I heard they're
releasing just a normal-looking Batman
outfit that doesn't have armor plating
yeah yeah like like the outfit used in
the the the the earlier games yeah
I'm looking forward to that I'm look at
the fort of being able to play the game
as Batman sure because I think I think
Arkham Knights like the early bats that
you wear the one that's supposed to be
normal I think that one still looks kind
of ugly and if I can just wear the same
one you wore in Arkham City that would
that would be great all I want you know
I whenever whenever I pop into Batman
I'm wearing the Batman Beyond outfit
which i think is really cool
yep you know you don't get a cape it's
all it's like dark and mysterious and
you know what like maybe maybe I like it
because it goes full robot like it
doesn't try to half do any robot thing
you know oh I think my dog has to pee on
a fire hydrant I have to tell my
daughter to pee in the fire hydrant I'm
gonna say yes because I don't know yep
that did it I don't know what it did but
it did it this is a very strange game
rich a very very strange game xx Mensa
if you don't want spoilers for this game
I just know 250
you'll be fine over for dropsy yeah
you know yeah that's that's the hard
part when playing a point-and-click
is obviously everything I do is spoiling
the game can you pee on the homeless man
I have the dog pee on the homeless man
nothing I am peeing on was man I'm
trying to give him a sock right now I
think you're working cuz like I have
this sock oh wait I can dig up some
flowers
oh wait can the clown pick those
anything special planned for Star Wars
Episode seven well we're probably going
to watch it that's really about it what
does that even come out December yeah I
can only imagine I'm sure we'll do
something or other I don't know oh my
god I'm in at a church oh my god can I
hug this lady no I can't hug this lady I
need a sandwich
Christmas is Christmas is gonna be
horrible people work in a movie theater
because it's gonna be full of assholes
want to see star force work on Christmas
and they're gonna have to deal with a
busy day at work yeah like a real man
work out Oh clowns can't have sandwiches
oh you mean the clown well let me have a
sandwich or the preacher lady won't let
clowns have sandwiches rich yep stick
lords wants to know about doing an Evil
Dead of thumb when the the series starts
that's that's that's kind of like a
movie Dick's thing works which I will
attend I've I've kind of talked movie
dicks into doing this like I'm saying
that loves the Tuesday before the series
starts Tuesday before Halloween doing an
evil debt marathon that'll be great I
would show up for that
what
oh he didn't wanna he didn't want to hug
me
though I'll fix the chicken
oh this lady's hungry I have a piece of
food I can give the food to the lady I
have a tomato would you like a time that
rule says yes we are going to and he
just says we are going to which I can
only assume is referencing to the Evil
Dead marathon yes sweet sweet sweet ass
sweet sweet ass sweet
everyone should watch Evil Dead MC
Lucas's only seen Evil Dead 1 what yeah
what MC look is what what is okay - his
words at one is okay one really one is
there because of how good two is you
know like everyone everyone you know
Susan who is a different beast oh yes
what is like a horror movie not a bad
one a good horror movie sure but - we'll
just - is just kind of like a comedy
horror movie and it's great
oh yeah but like like which did you
watch first I watched people that - yeah
I never bothered we evil did one if it
weren't for evil it - of course this is
what I'm saying yeah and so it's like
everyone watches evil - - first and
loves it and then they say okay I want
to see what evil that one is and then
you under you kind of like oh I
understand why evil that one is
important only because of you know that
too
oh I can't just take a tape what do you
need man can't talk to you I'm guy I
have a puzzle figured out yeah money
yeah I'm money then the army of darkness
kind of almost drops out the horror
element tire laid it becomes just kind
of an adventure comedy film yeah some of
the best one-liners though an army a
Turkish I just found a tape of satanic
music so now I can play the tape of
satanic music in the church which will
get the lady to leave so I can grab a
sandwich and give that sandwich to the
old lady out back multiple people in the
chat saying they haven't seen able to -
somebody's seen one and army of darkness
but they haven't seen Evil Dead 2 which
is blows my mind that's evil - Evil Dead
2 is seriously one of my favorite movies
of all time like I don't I don't pick a
definite number one because changes on
my food
but Evil Dead 2 is up there there are
times when I'll say that is my favorite
movie ever sure there is nothing ever
wrong with evil then too
there's a tape too but I can't reach
that okay
okay I got it I got a devil music tape
that I gotta go to deal with you're rich
evil then - is Sam Raimi's saying let's
be fucking creative that's just some
fucked up shit that's basically what it
was is let's get wacky but we can only
sell it if it's a horror movie you know
so technically this is a horror movie
but let's get weird mike is working they
are telling you too much new key action
is telling you jack that if you click
the upper right corner you can change
the time of day oh that's helpful yeah
hold on I need to twerk again and there
it goes this games just gotten more
disturbing you can make your clown booty
dance any good if you feel so inclined
rich okay I do not I do not feel so
inclined I felt so inclined twice oh I
see
no that's not doing anything oh no I
remember I remember I I know what I can
do so it's not clicking in the upper
right hand corner that just tells you
what time of day it is I need to find a
bed oh if I go to this old lady's
cardboard box
I can sleep until it's morning time okay
that's what we do that's what we do see
you a cardboard box I sleep oh the old
lady says I can't sleep here cuz we're
not friends well say oh you old lady
now I'm working on getting you a
sandwich but the church is closed okay
its morning time all right there we go
none
the game of the chat is got oh I was
gonna say the game is not losing a ton
of frames it is just the stream I'm
dropping frames like a mofo alright but
overall everyone should be having a
better experience become and if you're
not having a good experience click the
gear button on your viewer and you can
change it you can change the options and
you might be able to change the change
it to the html5 player which is a ton
smoother oh yeah heavy metal music
playing okay I was stealing a sandwich
oh yeah
rich what is your favorite remake ever
that's nothing good thing I usually
think to rank I will say I thought the
the best remakes are usually the movies
that you had no idea they were a remake
of something sure
like like the thing like you know I was
one of those ones wait that was pen that
was that was a remake of somethin what
can I have you now lady okay okay I got
the sandwich
they say you're going to hell jack well
I did steal a sandwich from the church
yeah but there's no help
also I'm taking that sandwich to to give
to to give to a lady who's hungry so I'm
doing the work of people who give it to
charity
dude rich you do have opinions on this
rich what are your opinions of ma of
water on Mars the I ate Donuts comment
the most obvious most predictable
revelation of all time
they've had hints that there was water
on Mars like years ago I remember they
pointed to some photo and there's a
thing here and it kind of vanished but I
think that was because water or you know
did some kind of erosion there okay well
we kind of have evidence from water
already
it's like non-news I don't know why they
had the hype I mean it's cool news but
they didn't need to announce like three
days ahead of time that there was going
to be a major Mars press conference
someone still man I don't remember who I
don't remember him somebody in like a
chat from another stream or Mike or
somebody I think it was Mike said it's
it wreaked of somebody trying to getting
paid to hype up the Martian well and and
you know what that that made perfect
sense to me
and you know if it wasn't someone
getting paid to hype up the Martian what
it was was NASA's publicist saying let's
jump on this Martian hype you know yeah
it could be could be could be the other
way around where they're like everyone's
talking about the Martian we if we had
some news about Martians this would be a
big deal
I don't fucking a guy fucking webspace
I'm just saying as far as major
announcements goes notes but that was
something we basically already knew is
kind of a left out yeah I mean they did
you know they've confirmed it is what
they've done you know like it's always
been speculated and they found remnants
of ice and whatnot but now they said no
for realsies we have info you know so
that's something what is with people not
legging clowns do you actually did you
like clothes is it is people not liking
clowns it's like anything to you Richie
hey were you unaware that I was a clown
were you a clown yes I literally went to
Clown College oh this is a really it
explains so much I I juggled I did
balloon animals
I wore big floppy shoes I worked at
children's birthday parties yeah no I
fucking hate clowns I was I was a legit
clown I am firmly envied clowns are
creepy yeah sure
you should be usually take a look at the
chat right now my my - ah this explains
so much yes no there really is a Clown
College I it was it was a class offered
at a college and you would help teach
you you know mostly it was like how to
you know like how to organize your party
how to you know like some games you can
play these are some things you can do
like billing promoting yourself yeah it
was by the way I'm the TV you can watch
Mystery Science Theater 3000 I don't
know if anyone notices that you know you
know what else really exists what
hamburger University
what does hamburger University it's a
McDonald's training place there you go
so in any case I wasn't calm I I was
pretty good at it I can still jungle
slightly I am also I can I still
remember how to make balloon animals
some not too many how do you feel about
talking about so low if he would like to
talk about some well we can talk about
some we also so the our first impression
series we first tried out with soma and
then lost all the footage for the
dangerous but we did play a good chunk
of someone we played in fact for hours
yeah soma is like if alien isolation had
a good story yes
which kind of makes it all the more
disappointing for me because I really
can't stand that non game I mean IIIi
fucking love the subject matter and and
the dialogue between characters yep
hey I love it somatically I just can't
stand playing it I really really want to
either read a soma novel or a soma movie
but as a game follow the linear thing
find the next button you have to push it
open the doors it was next champion the
game in it was utter utter tedium and
then here's another watered-down stealth
encounter with one monster I know that's
right soma more like coma it was very
boring but like rich said thematically
and philosophically oh that's the story
was so wonderful I I want the
novelization of soma because it was
really interesting I just I just
couldn't playing it like I didn't care
about playing it to get to the good
story part and you know yeah
I actually I I watched like videos of
the story online I did not feel like
playing the game to get to that sniff
oh I get it
yeah I'm totally with you yes I did
where I wore clown makeup and I had a
clown outfit I actually had to drive to
where did I have to drive it I said
drives are like Auclair to get big
floppy clown shoes because you know this
was like this was pretty pre-internet
and and so the only place we could get
clown shoes was Eclair and so no I I was
a legitimate I lived on a farm I was a
clown I was a butcher no I am NOT a
psychopathic murderer these are just all
the things I've done
oh yeah yeah oh I don't even you know
what I don't know if I have any pictures
from when I was a clown I'll be honest
with you
never never show they never show oh I'll
never want to be anywhere near you ever
again
no yeah yeah that's fine I
I'm not very good at like holding on to
just stuff like like pictures or stuff
like that so and so I don't know if I
have any pictures from back in the day
back in the clown day I can go to sleep
she'll reach the pecs I I will look is
what I will tell you I will look for
pictures
there is just no guarantee
that I have anything like any proof I
was a clown
look who would ever admit to being a
clown I would lie about that somebody
told you they were a clown you know rich
rich by the way has a really good point
it's like somebody you know I get my own
boogers what first of all why would
someone tell you that why would you tell
me you were a clown I guess that was a
job I had that was a part of my life for
a while being a clown and we're playing
a creepy clown game and you keep on you
know harshing my clown vibe here and it
was just it was basically like you were
making like like pollock jokes
and and I was like rich I'm polish you
know did you not know that I was polish
I don't I don't think the two things are
equivalent Jack probably not English is
a lot smarter than being a clown
a little girl didn't like my flower
I think I need that squirrel what can I
give that squirrel I need buddy's ready
he doesn't I need something jack you
still I do it by the way you are correct
lender flex and ski I do still work as a
clown the one I'm doing right here it's
basically okay what can I do with this
squirrel here yes I know you're happy
squirrel but can you get stuff for me
what's that what point did you decide
yeah I'm going to get into the lucrative
field of clowning how did that how does
it happen you know good question you
know I've just kind of always been a
goofy kid and that was just part of it
is like then this was I was pretty young
when I was a clown you know yeah
16:15 and it was just one of those
things where it's like oh I you know he
owns entertain people I can entertain
people I like entertaining people and so
I've you know found a clown class and
was a clown for a lot of it
see I figure I figured you know if you
goofy and you want just something goofy
for a living and I know you also did
this I I would think like first instinct
would be stand-up comedian sure sure
yeah what did you what did you try first
the clowning because I was too young you
know like you can't you can't go do
stand-up comedy in the stand-up scene
you know when you're when you're
you don't like my clown this right now
so so you know like I guess I'm okay
with clowns I have never had I've never
heard of anyone who's like anti I mean I
know people are scared of clowns but
Mike how could you never have met
somebody who just didn't like clowns
you know everybody go ahead no no no
that was it
sorry oh no you know I was like but
everyone I've met has been like very
indifferent towards clowns you know okay
okay just like clowns whatever but you
you're you know anti yeah yeah never did
like the clowns I was not there was help
right don't know what to do about this
bird here don't know what to do about
this bird here Dave Chappelle started
really young in this circuit well listen
I'm sure it's possible to start really
young in the circuit but again I grew up
on a farm and so let's think about the
multitude of comedy clubs in Farmville
too many of them so just one of those
things oh and you know what that's
another I just know you're gonna be
really disappointed in me I don't even
remember what my clown name was it
wasn't very like I couldn't think of a
creative one like I didn't have a stick
yep
you know like a lot of times your makeup
and your name is related to your stick
and I did not have a very strong stick
okay and so like it was probably just
like Jaco the clown I have I just have
no recollection of what my clown was yep
the Supergirl and clowns
get back to this tape deck here and I
have another tape that I can put in the
tape deck we're gonna be better try I am
NOT trying to make you feel bad about
your clown origins dare I do this when I
was younger I was definitely a clown
phobic okay
I do not remember the Simpsons flashback
episode with young Bart and like the
clowns in his room and freaked him out
yes it was that was basically me you
know no I take I'm not taking personal
offense to it
moaning as if herb really bothers me for
some reason yeah no no I did not do any
grief counseling as a clown oh that's
right didn't like like a Homer made him
a big clown bed right yeah yeah that was
funny
I can't steal another sandwich
these ladies are gonna be no help
these ladies are gonna be no help
but about who what about Krusty the
Klown crusty carrot
isn't an actual cloud he's a parody of
Bozo the club
okay what the hell is this this is
dropsy a quite bizarre point-and-click
adventure game and this this is what I'm
playing tonight someone that someone
mentioned that that we should play it
and I said yeah why not why not
no I gets us back to the circus nice I
said why
so when I was also mentioning I wanted
it go
going back to games that we are looking
forward to do Tim j o tu n nothing about
it I I had I've never heard of it either
but jus ting it was described to me as
titanfall and not titanfall I was the
Titan souls Titan souls done correctly
okay
and it was refresh my memory which one
is Titan souls again Titan souls was the
shadow of the colossus but an on my on a
pixel art scale and you only get oh no
we get hit once and you only get one
arrow and you have to hit the enemy just
once
yeah right yeah you were kind of soso
about it yeah yeah and I like lost favor
with it pretty
oh you are hungry okay I forget oh it's
pronounced yo tun oh oh I can hug this
thing maybe in any case it has that art
style it has an art style very akin to
banner saga that hand-drawn animation
and it looks gorgeous but it's also like
about a tiny Viking who needs to prove
his worth in Valhalla it looks great
really excited you'll ttan is out
already
Wow great that's just on my view comment
lists at my permanent and ever-growing
list of things I want to play or do

[Part II]
an ever-growing list of things I want to
play or do a chat I almost worked in a
comic book store oh my local comic book
store offered me a job when I was in
high school but my overprotective
grandmother did not want me to I hope
there Oh No yep oh no how terrible yep
rich imagine how different your life
would be it yeah surely surely she just
shop a whole thing down immediately I
don't know why it would have been great
for a young meat to you know get some
work experience after high school after
class no but no well the host is just a
work experience comic work oh I'm sorry
rich
that was some of the some of the most
fun times I ever had was working at the
used video game and movie store that was
when my destiny got derailed basically
no there's no destiny oh my clown is
pooping come on come on game we're
better than that right we're better than
that that's right you should have told
her it was a Christian bookstore I still
think she would have said yeah she was
weird about seeing me grow up oh she
wanted what she wanted I was her last
chance at having a kid oh gotcha yeah
you were you were her baby she had seven
children they'd all grown up and move on
and damaged he was gonna hold on to be
for as long as she could
rich confirmed for almost bit the next
casado yeah I never would have broken up
the spider-man marriage so so also when
I said dead characters have to stay dead
I would have meant it yeah dead
characters need to stay dead oh it's a
sneaky one what's so hard about that
rich what's so hard about
what's so hard about keeping dead
characters dead I I don't know III think
they make foolish choices in killing
them off in the first place anyway right
you shouldn't be killing off a big name
character unless you have a damn good
reason there's just narrative Lee
nothing else you can do with them for
whatever reason then maybe you kill them
off and have it stick I would stick have
it be important have a sit you know for
a while at least wasn't Captain America
dead for a good long time before they
brought him back which time to Touche I
mean from like from like Golden Age to
the Silver Age no I don't think they
killed him off in this in the Golden Age
I think they just kind of didn't ice
thing and that was after the fact like
in the sixth I want her to start using
them huh I had they they only did that
because by the time you got to the 60s
age-wise no world war two was 20 years
ago right captain america would be too
old hey it's probably nice save a g-wiz
bank a moment to let's look that's what
that one's
okay that makes sense
that makes sense she's funny because at
the time you know World War two is
recent enough you could have just done
like a 50 year old grizzled Captain
America you know they could have done
that oh sure hell it could have been
gonna miss 40s at that point oh you know
but kind of you know comic books still
for children so I gotta cut heavy the
kids rich Oh somebody somebody sent you
some comic books throughout the studio
so oh yeah some wonder woman trade
paperbacks and something else forgot
what it was someone was upset at me
because I well they weren't upset at me
you know they were they were just saying
how basically what i was doing by
reading the the Wonder Woman Superman
comic books and complaining about them
was it was only hitting the you know the
couple of potholes on the road and
complaining about the bumpy road yep and
so they said they were going to send me
some some good some of the good stuff
okay well it's it's it's sitting in the
this the streaming room right now I am
pretty excited about that
oh I'm not I don't want to take your
tapes man I'd I know I want to talk to
this guy he wants records this guy wants
records and if I give him records no i
don't
stop groping that man I will never stop
groping that man leftover beef cakes is
40 s is so old I speak experience this
is the thing i like when when Garth eNOS
was writing the punisher he was writing
like a sixty-year-old Punisher because
he didn't want to lose the Vietnam War
origins oh sure he just wrote her older
Punisher and you know it worked yeah but
that's the punisher nobody cares about
the potter just not true I not sure what
I know I only say that because I know
you like to find a lecture look Alana
sure there's you know what there's
something we can we can now wax
philosophical about which superhero do
you think most deserves to die either
for the horrible things they've done in
universe or just because just to shake
things up I don't know I don't know that
a hero would need to die because of
horrible things they've done in the
universe character that has trouble
things good could just lead to some
interesting character moments conflicts
sure I don't know that alone is a reason
to kill off a character okay I think I
think you should kill off a character
when you you've run out of interesting
things to do with them once they've once
they've completely run their course okay
so who needs to death they don't i don't
know why i haven't I honestly haven't
given that much thought you know what
I'm gonna go with mr. boobs here I think
Batman needs to die oh well more
specifically I think Bruce wayne/batman
no because whatever somebody else is in
the call I don't give a shit at all I I
you know what I as a general rule there
might be an exception here there eat
like a secure unders they just they just
feel like a watered-down lesser version
of the original they're like like a
character they didn't have their own
ideas
well no but not even that like you know
for example you know Nightwing or you
know Grayson is the new thing where Dick
Grayson is no longer than Nightwing he's
Grayson yeah or Robin or you know Red
Hood or someone who takes up the mantle
not necessarily Batman Oh bad girl
recently ran into Mecca Batman in the
Batgirl universe because i've been
reading Batgirl comics and mecha-suit
Batman is the stupidest thing in the
world Jim Gordon yeah mecha-suit Batman
yeah how did that happen how did we let
that happen I don't know how did the
comic book world let let that happen
it's so dumb I don't give no fucks it
look if it's not working characters just
come back to life it's fine reset reset
reset in any case bruce wayne batman i
think i think needs his time has passed
i'll say you should probably kill
villains off once they've lost a few too
many times and they start to become a
joke I think I think I think good
villains need to go out when they were
still on top you know but I think like
they they still have a they do have a
purpose they're like because they're
usually like level one villains for
people you know and they're laughing
stocks like like a
balt rock the leaper you know you know
less that's almost a joke villain to
begin with I mean like like how many dr.
Doom's stories can you tell and and once
he's lost so many times Z is any less of
a threat that's what they always say
like oh no that was a robot that lost
that last time look like dr. do dr. doom
is a character I might be okay with the
blinking or you know why do we even have
to kill off what if like some characters
like dr. doom what if they just had a
finale yeah like what if he finally just
decided like you know what I have my own
country I'm just gonna leave my country
for a little bit and not worry about
mining International Space gold or
whatever right by finale I thought you
meant like an epic and battle that would
ended their device and that would be
great Oh was like that's how you get rid
of dr. too well but not even that like
what it what if for example I see some
people pointing to the Batman Beyond
story you know where it's just like
Bruce Wayne as olders are we passing on
the mantle but like Bruce Wayne isn't a
big part of that and so what if it's the
same with dr. doom words like instead of
like there could be a battle but what if
also he's just like completed his arc as
the villain and doesn't want to be a
villain anymore and it's just like shit
I'm just that's then at least you're
doing something new and interesting with
the character no fine which okay great
grim that's great I might have like run
out of things to do like I didn't run
out of things to do I just I'm just at a
point now where I'm not quite sure what
to do basically I'm okay with killing
off a villain before they get tired yeah
you know yeah dr. Jim can stop being a
villain and just be a normal dictator
good plan jack well you know what I mean
you just there's some characters that
that can never die because they're too
popular and somebody will want to bring
the back people want to see them return
like he can never you can ever kill us
fire you could never kill off Peter
Parker right well you know but but I
think they've done that before with like
minor characters where they've either
died or like you know gone off to Xanadu
to you know help their people or
whatever but then some writer sometime
later says hey let's maybe look at this
in a fresh way yeah so maybe it's a good
idea just to leave leave some characters
alone for a little bit I wouldn't
slaughter care there's no reason yeah
yeah also oh you know what if I were
editor-in-chief of marvel yeah i would
put in the jmd metis policy JM de metis
policies right later on spider-man also
that the hatchet men because he became
really famous and popular for killing
off a bunch of established well-known
characters okay he replaced them with
nothing so as editor-in-chief of Marvel
I would have a policy where you do not
as a writer you are not allowed to kill
a character off until you have brought a
different new fresh character into the
marvel universe that is at least as
popular and important yes you are
allowed to kill someone off huh
again I might be pronouncing his name
wrong Jan to be teased dematteis or
whatever his name was people loved him
and I hated him because just he killed
old characters been around for a while
and popular characters and strong
supporting characters and ultra dramatic
ways Oh is the death of so-and-so and
then he replaced them with nobody of
Noah and spiraled became very empty
dying and they were being replaced with
jack shit
Frank Miller created a destroyer looking
for you yeah but he also created a
lecturer so he you know he does his own
creation but he did he did create a cape
memorable character he would be allowed
to kill that character or a different
character off in in you know a Marvel
Universe run by me I think by the way
that is um that should be prior to
number one if you create a character you
also have the power to destroy that
character yeah yeah but i'm not i'm not
letting anybody kill anybody until
they're bringing in new characters who
are also popular as popular as
characters they wanna kill off oh but
and see i would see the rule the rule
that supersedes that is unless you have
created that character well well did you
don't even need a separate rule friend
because if you created that character
than you've created a character as
popular as the character you're going to
go off it that you need the one rule
well there's there's a chicken and egg
thing here rich where what you're saying
is you can't kill off a character unless
you've created a character as as love
does that one so we need you like so
you're going off your own character then
that character is by net definition as
popular as the character you're killing
off only eat the one rule oh I get it so
your boy thing is like you don't need to
replace the character you just need to
be of a certain stature yeah you need
you need to be bringing in more than
you're taking out if you're subtracting
from the Marvel Universe more than
you're giving it to it that's a bad
thing in my book oh right but but like
can someone like can they be in the red
can they you know just kill him that's
not in my book no oh and see like to me
they can be in the red as long and what
is that
as long as they created that character
well by creating that character they
will go back oh my god rich I'm console
I've gone slightly cross-eyed maybe just
trust me it works I just don't I just
don't trust you at all well somebody
tells me I want to kill out captain
america like Oh what do you bring it in
what have you what have you brought to
the Marvel Universe tell you want to
take something out of it that's right i
was supposed to go there crack your
control I'm gonna crack head control
says they didn't teach comic math in
clone college you know what they did not
they did not and do you blame them do
you see how complicated this is these
are some these are some ornate rules
right here what game is this this is
dropsy dropsy the clown game it is a
point-and-click adventure game in which
it is your you are trying to make
everyone around you happy do you see the
squirrel the squirrel has a smiley face
because I hugged and kissed the squirrel
so now the squirrel is handy that's
amazing and so it is your job to make
everyone as happy as you can by hugging
and kissing them but some people like
rich don't like clowns all right so then
you need to go on quests
see now you see this lady is telling me
what she why is she unhappy can I hug
you I try to hug her nope
look at Aragon is she so now we just
need to wait and see what think people
are thinking about so she's unhappy see
it says unhappy because her chairs are
empty because this is the preacher lady
and the preacher lady wants people to
preach do so she's a GP so i need to
find people for her to preach to and
then she'll be happy ok oh my god its
glorious rich glorious close game I
gotta I gotta go talk to this guy but I
don't have you know what I need if I
like do I have any pamphlets no I don't
really have any
what what do I think of superior
spider-man I I haven't set foot in the
comic book store since one more day so I
know very little about it living the
basic premise I also don't know much
about it what is here spider-man Doctor
Octopus killed Peter Parker's brain took
over his body and became the new
spider-man for a while oh that sounds
great and that's about all I know so
okay yeah I also know nothing about that
rich what happens in one more day us
when the spider-man made a deal with the
devil to end his marriage because Joe
casada didn't like Mary Jane and it was
editorial interference and it was
retarded and that was the moment I said
how far this so to catch you up even
further spider-man got married to Mary
Jane Peter Parker got married to Mary
Jane yeah and they were doing married
people stuff as married people end up
doing and then and then he made a deal
with the devil to end his marriage and
reset the universe at whatever it was it
was a big deal it was iterative
editorial mandate and not good
storytelling for one how did I end up
over here
roadrunner drummer I i love most of the
quest for glory games we haven't
streamed them because i'm not sure how
good a streaming game that would be
little little too much grinding mixed in
with the with the adventure game stuff
mmhmm yeah that uh like what did what do
we do peasant nah what quest game do we
do King's Quest uh three we did police
quest we did spacequest Kings and the
King's Quest three right that was that
was when I was a total bust so was
leisure suit larry too oh yeah that one
was a bus to some of them just aren't as
good is that that police quest was I
mean yeah young no contest that was the
greatest would we ever stream a classic
fighting game I've never been that into
the classic fighting if I don't hate
them they just work my jam so to speak
Oh name a classic fighting game street
fighter 2 Mortal Kombat oh we definitely
should
oh my god I just dug a grave for a dog
rich are you putting your dog I'll get
it i I don't I honest I have no idea
what I'm doing right now will flower who
Abby oh the bee stung me oh nice what
did you get I got it I got a flower that
I can plant see I then there's a little
girl crying because her plant flower
isn't growing and I tried to give her a
different flower and it didn't really
work I know I could do I got this
oh my god I think I'm visiting my dead
parents okay I think creepy things are
happening no I think real creepy things
are happening oh all right great let's
get weird what are some of the worst
stories consonant that you've come
across in comic books maximum carnage
come to mind I hated the Clone Saga but
I actually liked the death of superman i
thought they handled it that pretty good
all said done anything Rob Liefeld ever
touched was usually garbage any opinion
magic bad comic books you know just just
the recent one where it was like um I
was catching up on or you know as a
trying to expand my comic reading
horizon and catching up on the Wonder
Woman Superman relationship and Superman
if anyone remembers the death of
superman you know he fought doomsday
right Superman was infected with a
doomsday virus that
because after he defeated doomsday he
apparently like inhaled some doomsday
particulates which was slowly up turning
him into doomsday oh my god dudes they
could never die and so then it was it
was like one of those like Superman was
trapped inside Doomsday's body and it's
like how many times do we have to do
that in comic books I don't know how
many comic books I've read were Superman
turned into doomsday well not Superman
but you know or you know just the whole
being being trapped in someone else that
you know like no I'm good I'm good you
know the the the werewolf syndrome if
you will as long they can keep doing
that as long as they can make it
interesting yeah true you know what true
that well fruit average who dat true dat
I guess yeah I guess it was just
something I didn't much care for it and
you know of course I was only reading
like the other thing that bothered me
about the superman wonder woman comic
books was they these stories took place
like in between their their stories and
so I had to like catch up on their
stories in a panel you know like we had
like a little panel being like Superman
got exposed to the rooms a particle when
he fought dues and Superman this you
never do it arrived okay so
so that was all part of it but I don't
know it just it just seemed kind of like
a so once again Superman yeah is an to
me Superman is constantly add to me I've
heard some good things apparently the
new new Superman there's a new new
Superman the new new new Superman has
has gone back power-wise original
Superman where he can just let he's just
really strong and can jump really high
okay apparently I don't know if that's
true or not so I thought that was old
new Superman from like five years ago
best new new I thought that was new new
Superman I don't I don't know what DC
and their constant continuity
changeovers I don't know what's going on
that's the other problem oh I know I
know I know after that was new old new
Superman
nununu someone tell me which Superman
this is a little better just were like
jeans right yeah that's the new new
Superman I thought they were past that
and disappear man who doesn't wear
underwear no well that's moving Superman
well I thought that Superman made into
the comic books and I thought that was
the new new new Superman oh is that it
oh I i don't i'm sure i'm not sure
uh-huh yep i'm just gets used looking at
this from the outside as people probably
are looking at it from the inside right
Rach what were your thoughts I i see
this question in a Jan I will I will
give you my thoughts but rich what were
your thoughts on I am Legend will
smith's 90 I like the attitude you
haven't seen it Will Smith movie got no
well I really enjoyed it up until the
ending which is complete horseshit I
thought it was a really good movie will
Smith gives a really should call it will
Smith were was another classic novel no
no Will Smith didn't I hope I believe it
was a directorial decision ah i robot
no I thought it was really fun i thought
it was a really fun movie like some of
the cg's kind of bad and the the very
very end of the movie is just is just a
punch in a dick is what it is but there
there are some scenes Oh a chicken stole
your tire okay man cool there are there
are some scenes in it where well Smith
is kind of slowly losing his mind
because if the last man left in New York
and and they're really they're really
great look I'm so overall I'm gonna give
it a pass I I saw the the Vincent Price
version many many years ago this play I
don't even remember what the fuck happen
to that one anymore but that was that
was basically a remake that was a remake
of the last man on earth which was based
on a novel called i am legend right
right things have gone in circles which
also kind of inspired night of the
living dead oh sure sure I guess I could
see that I guess I could do that
yeah if I have puttan and you know it's
also been a terribly long time since
I've seen i am legend but i remember
having really positive feelings about it
except for the ending which is just just
god-awful horrible what happens in the
ending do so I'm about to boil I don't
give a shit okay heads heads up
everybody I'm not to spoil it I think
I've heard about this once and I just
don't remember so I'm about to I'm all
I'm about to both spoil the book and the
movie in three two is that the book
endings I know there's an alternate
ending the movie which might be the real
book at right well so in in the book
ending yeah so will smith is fighting
zombies this is basically and her you
know legend is fighting zombies and and
he's trying to cure them he's the doctor
and he's trying to he's doing all he can
to cure them and the end of the book as
it turns out these zombies have their
own consciousness and culture and Will
Smith is the boogie man who keeps
killing them yes which is a beautiful
twist and so that's why he is the legend
he is the legend guy who kills them all
and that's the story I'm familiar with
ya in the movie will Smith meets up with
a lady and her kid and sacrifices
himself to save them because he had just
found the cure and so he's the legend
because he found the cure and killed all
the zombies okay and and the way they
handled it was very action movie schlock
where the rest of the movie was very
kind of this is this is why I had no
interest in saying the movie in the
first place so
but apparently if they get the ending
right I could see it being good because
the rest of the movie is very low-key
very um very grounded performances
really fun atmospheric stuff there's
this whole thing where he talks two
mannequins and it's really fun okay it's
really quite fun oh my god a fish has a
broken heart rich I just met a fish with
a broken heart i'm sorry do i do about
that but i never girlfriend like the
fish with the broken heart you you don't
you cook it and you serve it to somebody
who wants fish now you know what the the
great pin though I don't think that will
smith made that call I think this was
part of Will Smith is Will Smith's his
phase of like proving himself as an
actor you know he did a bunch of life
Loki arthouse movies and and and kind of
the thought peace action films and so I
I do think that that was not I sara lee
is called i associate him with things
like Independence Day and doctor no I
did like men in black right he was he
was a good fit for that role oh sure
fish love Tomatoes fish don't love
tomatoes I got to find him a little fish
friend oh man there's just so much stuff
to do now I don't know I like Will Smith
but I enjoyed that
that character of like the the the cocky
guy the fast-talkin cocky guy who's
really not so cocky underneath it all it
feels so hack but I love it yeah just
give me Eddie Murphy is the actual
fast-talking cocky guy also that that
also works Beverly Hills cops fun stuff
oh not the third one well when Eddie
Murphy was having brain problems and
didn't want to make comedy there's an
interview with John Landis who agreed to
Beverly Hills Cop three even though he
hated the script because he figured well
Eddie Murphy we can make it funny yeah
yeah it said Eddie Murphy had like no
interest in being funny anymore he
wanted it to be like serious action
movie oh yeah yeah oh my god well I feel
that axel foley is like more mature man
but some things he used to do oh no yeah
yeah no it's basically Eddie Murphy
tanked beverly hills cop 3 because he
didn't want to get your media uniform Oh
Eddie Murphy know what do you what are
you doing Eddie Murphy
that's I mean that's terrible that's
hilariously terrible Beverly hose got
three is hilariously terrible but
Beverly Hills calf it's great everyone
agrees on that everyone agrees on that
Eddie Murphy is done with comedies
general loans do-do-do-do do-do-do-do
I'm sorry playing the axel F theme yes I
am it's very appropriate you playing
that axel F that's very appropriate yes
is it is rich I'm a little lost I'm a
little while Sturridge I mean in general
and in the game that's life you know
what I think that is life sometimes
I do in general I just kind of like you
know being around being this creepy
clown looking for people to hug hey who
wants to hug me I am the creepy clown
here for many hugs but my thoughts on
Will Smith in the as Deathstroke and the
upcoming Suicide Squad movie is I don't
really care that much about the upcoming
Suicide Squad movie in first place yes
so Will Smith's performance does not
raise or lower your high place yes no we
have not played until dawn yeah
my stop being mad at me I'm just a clown
I can't there's nothing I can do about
being a clown way I think the
distinguished gentleman dose of Eddie
Murphy movie that didn't get enough
credit where he had a smooth talk his
way into being at the concert yet
congressman yes yes Oh rich use like an
accident everyone man as a congressman
yes a good movie what I remember you
always need that caveat you always need
that kind of yet for older game older
games older movies I also remember it
being good we would probably watch it as
adults and it would be nothing but
heavy-handed political commentary maybe
maybe but I also remember enjoying it I
mean as a kid
that's that's a movie that just kind of
got forgotten about instantly did it I
get you know that did that with the
cable right away it might have been in
the theater for a day to happen
I have my name is Tate says I had that
movie on VHS yeah i bet i've been many
people did somebody saying Jack you can
actually wash off your face paint oh my
god I think I might need to at one point
ya see this guy doesn't like clowns I
can't even get anywhere near him oh my
god and this guy has a picture of oh my
god the oh this guy I think this guy's
wife died in the circus fire and that's
why he's mad at the clown I got holy
shivery there are so many layers to this
Ridge there are fresh flowers on a grave
and he also has fresh flowers I need to
figure out how to wash off my face paint
if I'm going to do this vampire in
Brooklyn was so no I mean
I'm Zico bad
I hugged this guy and I think that was a
mistake can I give you something you
want this
thumpeka bad man he isn't one of those
things
he doesn't want those things rich
ok
okay maybe he wants tomato I could give
him a tomato we went to me out no he
doesn't he just doesn't like clowns okay
okay it's not veikko it's it's fine I'll
figure it out I'll figure out all right
well what does this guy want
he wants to fight the power he does like
heat what he's saying is like he's
talking about like political protests
need to figure out what this guy wants
he doesn't like whatever that is and he
doesn't like money then why can't it
take your shit on your table here oh do
you want a tomato I'll give you a tomato
no no no me does not want a tomato I
thought maybe he would be a like a
hippie do you want to do on a plant
because your plan no me doesn't want to
plan
what was that movie called where Eddie
Murphy was a really snooty actor that
was in a parody religion of Scientology
Goldfinger not go go gurt don't
something neckl fingers gold with her
goals something moved steve martin full
finger bowfinger all finger Bowfinger
which i never found to be terribly good
Abhisit I did because I'm a huge Steve
Martin fan and I don't think it's very
good and that is me being a huge steve
martin van
Pluto Nash now no one saw Pluto Nash get
out of it mr. Pibb says have you tried
putting rose with the dirt on the wilted
rose plant near the crying kid yes I
have tried that and the kid all the kid
says is that the kid loves the dying
flower and so I can only assume I need
some sort of water this cop wants a bad
guy in cuffs chad is having a field day
with my having trouble remembering the
name of an extremely forgettable movie
15 years ago oh yeah
records can get money how do I get money
pills I gotta sell pills jack has
accomplished nothing since I've been
here that that might be true Stu that's
a no then you can start in one of these
games yeah that's what happens in point
and clicks there's a little robot guy
I'm gonna put in the robot dude sanja i
think i think the dark crystal might
never be on cable because it's kind of
an overrated boofy i wanted to love the
dark crystal so much even when every
watched it a few years ago and it never
does it for me it's got a great look but
you think this falls it falls flat yeah
I've never seen it I have never ever
seen it it's alright it's just right it
wants to be an epic memorable epic it'll
be beloved for generations so much oh
that's a little sad they think mm-hmm
any think that's sad I feel sad
it's like a bad willow willow I remember
I remember so much effing willow that
was much like Supergirl Willow was one
of those movies that was one of the few
movies we had on the farm and so I
watched a fuck ton of willow I've seen
that movie so many times yep I remember
nothing about willow other than Warwick
Davis is in it okay no man like this
sorceress turns into like a tiger or
something at some point right no maybe I
remember there's there's a lot of people
changing into animals yes its Warwick
Davis at ass magic stick and a magic
stick yeah and
and then a whole bunch of genius a whole
bunch of brilliance
that Val Kilmer as the other lead in
willow oh my god yeah he's mad murder I
don't remember I totally don't remember
I saw float once and I was a kid yeah
yeah fine I'd seen enough below yep okay
I've seen this this is all i need is
evil I guess yeah I guess
nitro Inferno was saying Jesus rich
white what are you complaining about
what what are you what could you
possibly be complaining about what is it
what is it what are there not
complaining about their then of course I
remember Matt Maher deghans name just
I'll cuz all I can remember is Warwick
Davis going mad mad again Matt Morgan
there's that there's a large chunks of
that movie burned into my brain I've
been attacked mercilessly for days
because i didn't like somebody's
favorite video game go easy on
you've heard around
now see the rose
Jack her up in the 19th century right I
grew up in the 20th century
motherfuckers none of this 21st century
bullshit that we're dealing with now
feel like I'm missing something
I've hit a wall in this game rich I've
had a very real wall in which I have no
fucking idea what to do Chad help check
out was I don't know what it needs to do
this lady's hot maybe do you want a bar
I'll give you a flower a flower oh wait
I think I figured something out oh I
think I made her happy oh oh I did it
rich I got one of the I got one of the
skanks to hug me yay here I thought I
hit a wall well I she doesn't she hugged
me which is nice but now she's still she
still wants a nice green bar
okay okay Matins life see it's not great
my favorite bands up the doors and vana
the doors and Nirvana huh that might be
very confusing if there's actually a
band called the doors and nirvana do you
think there's a band called the doors of
Nirvana there's a band called just about
everything isn't there at this point
what we're running out of band names oh
yeah there are a lot of bad names I've
been on a huge back kick lately yep
everything back I've like I got his new
album and really enjoyed very mellow
very calm and then I started listening
to some of his older stuff and then like
this part of an album I forgot he even
made came on pandora the other day and
it's just like everything he does is
pretty amazing I cannot name for you a
bad back zone
besides mellow gold I mean mellow goals
this first one you know that's not a ton
I mean it's interesting but you know
mellow gold is is evil dead one and
everything else is equal to two I like
Pink Floyd but it's possible I'm just ma
otha moon fan sure sure
Beck is boring mario Mara you are a liar
I'm elusive baby why don't you kill me
listen to midnight vultures I didn't do
he has a he has like a love ballad about
a menage a trois it's great how does
that go where's like it's it's about
having a ménage à trois with a girl
and her sister and it's great do I like
clean queens great Queen I have nothing
against Queen yeah queens great back is
great and I I mean I I mean I think
everybody i think everybody loves back
but i think that beck is so good all the
time that nobody is surprised at how
good he is anymore you know they just
say new back album of course it's gonna
be brilliant cuz it will be I did not
yes of course I have notoriously bad
taste in music I am I have notoriously
bad taste and everything activex just
not bad taste in music beck is not crazy
you're crazy people right they're crazy
people
like likes detection who likes the back
like I'm I and you know what I don't
even know why I said who because it's
just like Oh everybody killed like spec
everybody likes back
Sharon likes Radiohead REM you know what
I never got into Radiohead like I don't
mind them but you know there are some
people who like are into Radiohead and
they're just die hard into Radiohead my
guys like it's fine the music is fine
what is this here there's like a
there's these couple of symbols that
means something rich okay oh those are
beds I can't I can't speak on beck's
entire discography but I know I love a
loser a lot but everyone everyone did
back when that was big song oh sure sure
no but you know I like I've been
listening to ode away and you know like
Beck kind of you know loser was the big
single you know it was like kind of
rappy you know like in a little
eccentric and then he follows it up with
odelay which is just a little bit of
everything and it's it's amazingly
eclectic some some of the chaps said
that Beck is the iron man 3 of music and
you do realize that pretty much ever
worked at rlm liked iron man 3 not
pretty I think everyone that RL my file
are
I I went above and beyond calling it a
perfect action but no we are all in
agreement that iron man 3 is a good
movie yep so yeah if you want to call
him back the Iron Man 3 of music I think
that's fine that's appropriate somebody
said he's a scientologist he pay me
whether or not he's a scientologist that
there's nothing to do with how much you
enjoy his music though yeah and you know
what he don't hurt no one he's not he's
not kidnapping people that I know of
he's not he's not Tom Cruise in it here
is the only music question that matters
jam yeah what is the best Weird Al's on
the best weird al song yep
what is his best parody will see that
you what you have here is two different
questions right okay because
he has really great original songs like
dare not stupid I don't know that I
called dare to be stupid really great
every stupidest is great and and like
what's the Alba Albuquerque do you
remember Albuquerque I don't Albuquerque
is this phenomenal like 12 minute long
story song i forget i forget what album
it's on right but Albuquerque is is just
this like 12 minute long song about like
why he's going to Albuquerque or
something like that it's amazing it's
umm hey who's thing okay oh maybe I
haven't I don't think I've heard that
one you need to listen you need to
listen to Albuquerque I've always loved
how much paradise sure I was very nice
is good though the video for fat is so
fucking good do you know why the video
for fat and they still did the same
exact location right because michael
jackson was such a big fan of weird al
that he let he just lent him the
locations for fat and eat it he might
have loaned him john landis for all we
know wow yeah take my directly to be
fine albuquerque was on running with
scissors Oh find yourself albuquerque
and listen to albuquerque it's insanity
it's great
what do you need and you need records
I'm trying to just trying to think of
the parody I've enjoyed the most from
him I know a lot of people liked white
nerdy
but I I have to give it to Amish
paradise yeah yes smells like Nirvana is
a damn fine parody song that is true I
have to stop playing the game for a
second because I'm just trying to
remember every single we're weird house
on right now
you know light like a surgeon here
here's what I'm gonna say word games
word crimes like I mean first of all
word crimes is phenomenal yep i'm gonna
say fat though yep fat fat is great big
fat and fat and the video there's a
great fat jokes so someone there's some
great fat jokes and the video is such
perfect parody that that fat gets it for
me all right now I'm back to that wall
that i had sharable title is what's
parody of but the spider-man 1 which
which is the parody of piano man uh oh I
don't know if ever heard that one oh the
Jurassic Park song oh that's right
there's too many good ones there's too
many of our good ones I salt Weird Al
live once and maybe even in the 15 years
ago now they still wasn't a young man
and the amount of costume changes that
man did I mean he put on the full fat
suit for fat and that wasn't even early
on in his show I mean the man must have
been fucking exhausted eating Gators
yeah every every fucking song was a
costume change oh yeah oh you guys
already by the way everyone keeps
mentioning trapped trapped in the
drive-thru yeah yeah oh man present
drivers great
trapped in the drive-thru is another
great epic and it is a good parody the
spider-man one is owed to a superhero
okay Thank You Numan artists number at
us whatever it is I can't pronounce
names weird weird internet names i can't
pronounce
are you sniffing around for a doggie
what is sniffing around fun
spy oh you know what's pi r that's right
he does he did the the the Sun force my
heart cuz when you spy you can't do spy
hard your green rings turn black
alien Frings green rings
shoot the alien get a thing and that
equals money and I need money I have
zero ideas great

[Part III]
name another popular parody artist we're
now does have the market pretty much
cornered but I'm gonna say Richard
Cheese I don't know Richie's is
basically it's kind of a joke name like
dick cheese but he does he let his love
song versions of like pop songs lounge
singer style it's pretty funny no
there's one gimmick though it's always
got but oh yeah no I didn't you know I
think this couple time here whatever
songs it's abusing you know I think that
and there are the there's there's like a
peppering here and there you know like
there's the bluegrass version of gin and
juice that's a fun you know I always
like that when someone takes a song and
does it in a different style there's a
bunch of that like when I remember that
Rebecca Black Friday song nope the
notoriously bad it's Friday Friday oh
yeah yeah there was a slew of musicians
doing like the real version of that song
like here's what here's what it was I'm
like if there were talented musicians
and towns and singers doing that song
and I wow that was amazing I mean yeah
the truth hurts sometimes bridge the
truth hurts I wrote that song you were I
would believe that yes we bought rich
we've all heard you write music before
her had did write music for the Western
or four musical that's that that is the
crappy music I was referring to I didn't
I didn't form it very well but I stand
by the lyrics
yeah sure what do you need again just
not need anything
can I hug you hey man do you hug no you
don't like clowns why don't you like
clowns man shouts mich nicht wahr who
are ya you know one of the stone
monsters that chases you in the last
stages of crypt of the necrodancer is
called a guar Goyal nice nice if i ever
played The Witcher Wild Hunter do I have
any plans to I played the first Witcher
and I couldn't get into it which
prevented me from even from the the
second one or the third oh yeah I like
the Brett Domino trio they're funny
they're they're a YouTube Music Group
they grew popular when he kind of did
generic he kind of did like there to be
stupid style like genre parodies yeah
that he yeah the gag was I'm gonna teach
you how to write a pop song in the style
of and him he would just kind of break
down how Pete how artists get their
songs but he has a fun personality deep
breath Domino trio good stuff
what do you do dawg what do you do think
about that for a second dog what do you
do rich but I don't know what to do i'm
stuck what does what do you mean you're
stuck I don't have to like you're stuck
you can't move like is it a glitch it's
not a good guy it's not a good kind of
stuck it's a it's a I don't know what to
do now oh but wait wait you can't move
or you can't move you mean you mean you
just don't know what the next solution
is or your character is physically stuck
spot in place oh yeah
oh I get what all these things mean now
what
what hetero atom I don't know what I'm
doing I have no idea what I'm doing dead
dog flower oh that's right there was a
cemetery oh man I know I forgot
something there was a nasty very nasty
flounces Witcher 1 is carried by its
excellent story I didn't get that far
into it i mean i wasn't i hated the
gameplay in the witcher 1 hmm i plate I
didn't even play much of it I i thought
the main character was just kind of you
know i mean is just generic that ass guy
yeah maybe this is audra really amazing
things going on right I couldn't get to
it you know that's so many characters in
so many days it's fine in the right
right game right story you know Eric
badass sometimes you want an art type
archetype yeah oh sure no you know and
then that usually helps bring secondary
characters to white not I don't want to
get into it but that's part of the
reason why I did like quiet so much in
Metal Gear Solid as you know snake I
thought was the typical badass and then
quiet was this like equal badass and
they had to work together that's kind of
why I liked her character is they
because they were so similar and I
thought they worked well together so yes
I agree that typical generic badasses
can work sometimes
got to go to a cemetery gotta go to go
to a cemetery got to see a man about a
horse I got stopped drinking this coffee
it's far too late to be drinking coffee
will you ever play deus ex human
revolution i really think you'd like it
I'm trying honestly I'm probably more
likely to play the original deus ex
before I get to the rebate
sure I know deus ex is one of those
games that that is a generally agreed
upon as to be good good
I know nothing about it because that was
a that was that was a pc game right deus
ex yeah yeah and so that was that was
one of those that a poor old console
Jack couldn't play
no okay that was a really good idea
someone someone in Chad had an idea of
putting the flower in the dog grave but
that's not working people mr. Pibb says
human revolution is superior to the
original deus ex doesn't human
revolution keep forcing you in the third
person every now and then which would
just just keep ruining my immersion in a
in a game where the orginal was famous
how immersive it was it seems seems
counterintuitive to be I don't know
I did it rich congratulations I feel
really happy so something that's really
important in this game which is mildly
like frustrating but also endearing is
you need to go to places at different
times of the day yeah my clown is
hugging and kissing people and I love it
so this I was correct by the way this
man's wife died and I had found a locket
of his with a picture of him and his
wife in him but he wouldn't accept it
from me because I think I'm the clown
that caused the fire that killed his
wife okay okay and so he saw mean he was
mad at me and so I had to catch him in a
situation where he didn't see that I was
the clown where his back was turned to
me and I think that makes this game kind
of brilliant I'm a little in love with
this came right out rich okay so
I didn't get any items from I'm using
all my items but I didn't i'm not
getting new items mr.boob says talking
about the deus ex and going the third
person only for takedowns the original
deus ex is none of the benefits of
gaming past nineteen ninety whereas
human revolution is the superior game
with superior gaming sensibilities some
of my favorite games are pre-1990 is
superior about it no could be a an
overall smooth indicating i think its
generals shooters are less fun than they
were in the 90s indian general looks
aside not just looks there's a whole
smoothness thing
okay so now this guy's happy so now i
can talk to this guy now he says clowns
are okay
oh I remember I remember Dracula mask
I got coin do okay great now we are
progressing I had to go back to the
cemetery that's what it was
yes yes Tiberius Kirk I'm sorry that i'm
bumming you out I'm sorry that the game
is bumming you out ah this is brilliant
that's just the art style and the story
are so contradictory you know like the
goofy world but the clown is so evil
looking but he just wants to hug people
it's beautiful it's beautiful man I
fucking love it man I'm fucked up man
purse them bridge remembering name three
things aren't as tough a blog over at
the saying it's not superior just
different he'll human revolution has
much better world building and art
design but the original has a smarter
story arguably more freedom in gameplay
see the more freedom and gameplay that's
it seems like what I'm it would be more
interested in and that was in the older
one uh ya know supporting what something
Lucky Strikes maybe you don't understand
that this is not an a side scroller this
is an arty farty game but this is not a
side-scroller this is a point-and-click
adventure game so why don't you back the
fuck up why don't you come at me bro
I do nope no i don't i like got out of
you get out of here yes i do believe i
own a copy of the original deus ex oh
it's in my Nebulon i'll get around to it
eventually he quote problem with modern
gaming at least with Steve as the stupid
shit play is the horrible problem yes
Oh
if you ever gone through a time when you
didn't feel like playing games I'm going
through the right now and it's
depressing oh yes there are plenty of
other valuable things you can do with
your time I mean if you don't feel like
gaming maybe you know start start
reading the book yeah I didn't feel like
gaming for like a week after I've played
to the ending of mass effect 3 and like
killed any interest I had in gaming but
for like for like a week don't want to
know and I want to touch a new comer
games then that is very sad yes
that may I ask why you don't feel like
playing games right now is there is
there something that happened was there
an incident who-who's and this new jack
sometimes someone yep I chat is
constantly scrolling all the time I lost
who that was I don't remember but yeah I
can only assume everyone feels like that
at some point or another then you just
take a break great
oh great future future Jace is that he
gifted up yeah I want to say we we got a
copy of deus ex in the either the prereq
account or rich your eyes accounted
somewhere it is somewhere
oh yeah oh it's son your item thank you
40-foot walrus saying maybe the person
is easier to scare at night we have to
wait for it to be the night time it is
now desk there was a tree that looked
like it had a face can I hug trees is
that a thing that guy can do of course I
can hug everything else responses rich
school work has been piling up and
nothing is catching my interests at the
moment well you know what your
schoolwork should probably be a trap if
you don't feel like playing games and
you have schoolwork I mean and they kind
of a blessing still I playing something
sooner or later will catch your interest
or it won't what you just mean you found
other things to do with your time
everything's gonna be like everything's
gonna be fine just use the time to do
your schoolwork man
rich and rich and or jack how did you
know your significant others were the
one for you years of diligent research
oh so many ladies I went through thank
you I knew Karen for years we were close
friends before we were a couple i just
knew her that well we were close hmm and
it takes like six time and get to know
somebody before jumping in you might you
might not know right away that's really
true yeah same with me Lisa we we were
friends first and she was she was
actually when I first first met her she
was dating a friend of mine and then we
kept doing similar things and realized
that uh
we would rather just spend time with
each other do you still talk to that
friend of yours who she was going out
with and is it awkward oh god no I mean
listen listen I'd ok Lucy and I James
have been dating since high school that
doesn't mean you still don't know this
guy oh right but I'm even like at that
point if he's still hung up on it then
yeah he's got some issues so
what what is this thing
hey where's my house hey don't go in
there bro oh he's gonna buy booze with
my dime oh that dickhead so I'm buys
booze I suppose it makes him happy all
right well I just want my hug he left me
before I could get my hug there we go
okay cool great
I just wanted to make sure I could get
my get my hug good points you know cuz
that's the important part yeah but uh
yeah you know there's no you know you
know and you know what I went like when
Lisa and I didn't talk about getting
married and stuff it was just kind of
like sure obviously like like but but at
that point i guess i need to go back in
in the story a little bit more lisa and
i had been living together for a long
time before we got married which by the
way is something i really recommend yeah
yeah being kerala beautiful you need to
understand what it is to live with
someone before you are willing to marry
them see I've heard the opposite I've
heard like poles and what studies have
shown that people who live together
their marriages don't last as long as
people who didn't I've heard this
somewhere before by peoples you know and
all i know is like after after like a
year of living together before we were
married finally we stopped like putting
on faces you know like when you know
when you don't have your own space to go
back to and you just have to put up with
each other that's when we started to
really get comfortable around each other
you know because like if you live
separately yet you always have your own
place to retreat to you know you can
always go you know get dressed and get
ready to go out but like man you live
together you see everything at their
worst
and so I guess I recommend it i don't
know if it's you know I don't know if
everyone recommends it
but I recommend it I'm sure it's fine
I'm sure I'm sure obviously it worked in
your case Jack right yeah did Lee said
know about my conning days yes Lisa knew
about my function she was around during
my clowning days we met up we meant
doing here I'm sorry Clem Fandango
saying that the the pole I mentioned is
BS because he and his wife lived
together they've been married 15 years
definitely certainly live together first
you know I think it's really important
and you know and you know I think it's
important just because like i said the
really important thing about it is
making sure like being in a situation
that you can to retreat from like oh you
know whit maybe we were mad at each
other right maybe you had a little fight
but it's late at night and there's like
nowhere for you to go and yet you are
living in a one-bedroom apartment and so
he just have to find out what its gonna
be like to sit next to each other when
you're mad at each other i I do reckon I
do recommend having some kind of room
that you can go in to get away I think I
think there's something to be said for
that oh oh it is important but like i
said it's it's all rolled into one where
yes it's very nice having your own space
but often you don't have your own space
so learning how to deal with that excuse
me officer
oh I got my satanic mixtape back that's
great I sell that to the guy I was Oh
mom excuse me
no I did not make my wife live with me
on the farm before we got married that
would be funny hey you want this satanic
mixtape
how can you find a relationship if
you're cynical though find somebody as
cynical as you are I'm cynical and I
found somebody it's doable it's due
thoughts on tinder and okcupid
relationships tinder I have I have
single friends who show me tender ah and
I am blown away I think it's amazing you
know the efficiency of rejecting people
now now now no yep now yep no tinder is
I mean it's one of those like horrible
beautiful things I would have no idea i
met I met Karen and reality I've never
had any need or use for tinder Oh Joe oh
sure I'm just saying it looks like it
looks it looked like something i would
use all the time and just never follow
through because I'm a shy person I 79
says rich did you ever tell your
significant other about the magical
night with the Wendy's commercial guy
haha she was so is there I I
deliberately left her out of that story
just in case mike was gonna pull some
shenanigans which but you did but no I
mean it was it was this guy and his
fiancee with me and Karen they was it
was kind of our first couples friends no
yeah another couple you can hang out
with goody maybe it would have been
better if I just said as much but I
didn't when I didn't want dragon carrot
into it if Mike was gonna pull something
so i left that out which gave it a
mistake
and it's just funny
Ryan she's talking
this lady this lady right here this this
redhead right she's talking about
somebody smoking and that's making her
upset who's smoking the pots right yeah
she sees someone that's smoking the pots
and is upset by that and the church lady
is also talking about people smoking the
pot and how that's wrong and the church
ladies upset because nobody's in the
aisle for her right so you want to get
these two people hooked up how do i how
do i hook up these people and I have no
idea bring her a church thing and she'll
know to go to church and then when she's
at church than the one lady he'll be
happy but somebody being out of church I
guess the birds won't stop exactly so
how do i get so that's what i'm looking
for now I was like some sort of I see
that no I see that you're pointing into
that lady and I wanna what can I do lady
what can I do oh I have a love you
Dracula no isn't it oh and just want to
interject really quick here that last
best of the worst with Mike and the
flask all improvised we don't know
script jack shit that's the worst very
rare and you know sometimes if we have
like deal the the only thing scripted on
best of the worst is sometimes we say
well what are we going to do for the
opening bit and it's it's only scripted
to the sense that we talk about in
general what we could write right but
it's some funny yeah what do we got okay
you stand over there and and look as a
distance never any kind of script oh god
no
and especially the discussion everything
that happened completely spontaneous
news Oh
half in the bag is the enemy booze was
in the flask booze booze was in the
flask yes that is a that is real that is
all real Mike was drinking that's the
norm maybe I can scare that little girl
this is going to be mean I'm going to
try to scare this little girl with a
vampire mask
if there is no script how do you
rehearse me we don't rehearse mess of
the West but we sit at a table and we
talk and shit happens yeah what do you
mean rehearse
what booze I don't know what I don't
know what he was drinking but I do know
this alcoholic that's all I really know
I believe it was a it was like a jack
and coke concoction it was like there
was a cocktail in there think up is what
I believe
why do I have iron man pants I but these
iron man pants are equivalent our parrot
of a doll check shadow sank plant the
rose when she's not there at night ah
it's the bits mr. ribs that's exactly
what it is thank you that's exactly what
it is nice nice guys you know what that
is that's fucking teamwork right there
I go over here I'm gonna sleep all right
come back when it's nighttime who this
this is a good question what was worse
the jar or the tomb the jar jar the jar
was the tomb was triggered brain off and
forget about it because everything
that's going on so boring the jar was it
was actively making me angry at how
obnoxious it was yep the jar was beyond
obnoxious yep arthouse fuck tunturi
is what the jar was I can't I I can't
even that fucking jar mad fucking jar
how much go sorry as I just said Jack
look so angry at the jars existence yeah
yeah yeah it's fucking awful white why
do you think we melted it in essence
tone there we go the dog digs up the
flower then I plant the flower it
out of the way dog
you can you can send us those three
weird kids movies but there's no
guarantee we'd watch them because we we
do get a lot of shit a lot of movies and
usually they're picked shortly before we
actually film we we have used we have I
want to say the last year we sat down
and made a ton of lists yeah episodes we
wanted to do of movies we own we've
never used it we have never ever used it
and that is so upsetting to me I'm
whistling alone when I went when I
messing right now we planned rich we
planned and we said oh these are all
moves we could do and like oh this would
be a great three movies this would be a
great combination this would be a great
conversation we have never touched it
isn't that upsetting to you know we just
sound like we haven't watched movies
just a way if we have it has been the
pre-planned sets we talked about maybe
doing this fine we've got good material
a lot of what we've watched oh sure sure
I'm not saying we haven't I'm just
saying wouldn't it be amazing to cross
those off our list don't you find a
satisfaction in making a list and then
crossing things off of the lists oz
Mike's is set as a bunch of us
assploitations films but so far nada
you've seen our wall though right trust
me it's it's not personal and there's no
guarantee that those movies won't end up
eventually right I mean they might show
up in a year or two your style you might
see them it's just there on the wall and
what do we watch the hell where we got
what do we got that's how it works
usually yeah usually it's it's just we
we all get together and say we do this
one maybe we do this one I'm right now
and and because of movie dicks and
because someone sent me a link I'm
looking up how to get a physical copy of
Double Down which one is up it is a
movie by hold on everyone in a moment
after I tell you this directors name I'm
gonna I'm going to ask you to leave the
stream for a little bit and Google this
because you need to it's that it's that
important it's that important that you
go Google and double down which is a who
Neil Breen which is a Neil Breen movie
it's called double down and go go look
up the trailer for that movie and and
someone tell me how to get a physical
copy of it because I was looking for
maybe an hour today on how to get a
physical copy of this movie and I
couldn't find it anywhere and it looked
amazing rich mind-blowing Lee perfectly
amazing so if you are a fan of bad
movies which I can only assume most of
you are you get your you get yourself
some double down
apparently this neil brand is like a
wealthy real estate agent in Las Vegas
okay and Heston has decided to use his
money and spare time to write direct
produce and star in his own movies that
sounds like a perfect recipe yep don't
tell me anymore I won't tell you
anything more it is absolutely a pervert
dress pant
also people who was sent up saying
cintas things sometimes just movies we
haven't watched because there's
something physically wrong with the tape
and we just can't oh yeah that really
happened that that whole tape stick yeah
now that that really happened you know I
mean they're not they're not brand-new
wood any more of these tapes sometimes
there are problems yep hey why you sad I
gave you money to drink you shouldn't be
sad no more oh he's an architect not a
real estate agent I'm sorry I'm sorry i
sent him i sent him a tweet today asking
because he's promoting his net his new
movie which you can get physical copies
of but i was unable to find a physical
copy of Double Down
and and so I tweeted at him today to try
to find that but mr. bibs is suggesting
that you break the fire hydrant causing
it to rain so the ladies who are
complaining it's too hot or not as time
oh I don't know if I can break the fire
hydrant I believe if you look over here
you can see an ice cream stand right and
i believe i need to give this guy
something so I can get some ice cream
out of his ice cream stand okay that's
the end and he wants a record of some
kind but I need money to buy a record
and I don't have any money so but you
know what let me try let me see what I
can do with this fire hydrant over here
I heard you might be too far away and
it's just this one this one girl is
complaining about being hot now did the
tomb actually play backwards when the
cassette was tampered with it there was
no video was the video just like a blue
screen is what we got Jack do you
remember yeah it was just unreadable
video there was some very creepy
sounding backwards audio like the wrong
pitch yeah and it was it was very creepy
and very noticeable I don't have any
money to buy ice cream Jay has thought
about using it for something because
it's really fucking creepy yeah
is wonderfully creepy
who can I scare with my Dracula mass
rich who can I scare with my Dracula Mia
I got it was somebody being bothered by
something that you can scare where does
somebody just flat out like Halloween
nobody there there's a there's a lady
who has a dracula thing she okay well
that might be a hint but I've already
been there Namath nin nin mandados did
you just watch the trailer for double
down doesn't it look fantastic someone
someone tell me i could get a physical
copy of double down
ah so there was a lady who has a whole
Dracula thing she says that Dracula's
are clowns and so that's why she won't
let me cross her bridge but i didn't i
use the Dracula mask on her and it
didn't seem to do anything just people
want you to hug the chicken guy again
yeah yeah all right
nope yep that was it oh he is really
upset with me
oh and then I get a chicken head mask
there we go alright i guess i can see
that puzzle little BS
but I suppose I did hug him before and
he initiated a thing before okay all
right pause no that is double down a
surfing film here so here's the hard
part with finding a different digital
copy or a physical copy of double down
is there is double down the Neil Breen
film double down a surfing film and
double down a poker film okay yes which
one is which which we're looking for
we're looking for the meal green double
down okay and I know on the YouTube
video it says it's available on DVD and
netflix and I have found it in either
place much to my chagrin I have found it
neither place what did I get oh I got
the chicken mask okay I know where I
know did you know
and there is a double down at KFC you
are correct damn we're best off nothing
Thank You of that oh god no it's a
that's not a good food and I've eaten it
I mean someone says you can take a
crucifix from an old homeless lady okay
great I'm reading I'm just reading
things that's what I do I'm saying Jack
he took his first two movies out of
distribution oh well there you go well
there you go and a hug a chicken let's
hug Dude chicken and I feel pretty good
about that I'm gonna see if I can hug
this chicken now i can't i can't hug the
baby chicken
Muriel I target done yeah I know and I
he that I think the the real problem
with finding a physical copy of double
down is that he has what were you just
put were you just pulling your cock out
of your pants yes the I just that what I
just saw the creepy clown just pulled
the cock out of his fans and flapped it
around for a bit ok I did get it there
yes Neil Breen has recently discovered
that there is a market for B movies and
that many people are comparing him and
his movies to the room and him to timing
or so and so I believe he is
capitalizing on that look up which
unfortunately means that finding his
movies might be difficult because he's
trying to like sell them to people or
wouldn't
but all I know is I want to see it see
here's what the robot legs are for don't
know if I put them here now but get your
hand out of your pants robot robot clown
one
okay but I've heard equally bad things
about what's his other see here's the
thing chat with Neil Breen we need the
physical copy if we're gonna do it on
best of the worst digital copy we can't
hold that up and this is what this is we
can look at the box so it's part of it
is so it would be significantly better
if we had a physical copy if a physical
copy does not exist then we won't have
to get creative
but we'll cross that bridge when we
cross it I guess faithful findings
faithful findings is the one
oh my god Oh rich there's a dream world
oh my god
if you if you were seeing what I'm
saying now you would be saying that for
real and not sarcastically so faithful
findings is apparently the game or the
the movie then is gaining the room like
following for Neil marine I feel like
I'm gonna sneeze you then just nice just
do it no I loved it don't have to but
yeah of course every time you say you're
gonna sneeze then you don't see how it
works I'm okay with that I like I don't
I don't enjoy sneezing in general so I'm
okay I love saying it's very cathartic
then i got i have a good hearty
full-body sneeze everything seemed nice
you die I go my go all in with my
sneezes I'm who's what i'ma say this is
the very first time I've ever heard
anyone be proud of their sneeze that's a
that's a first for me and so
congratulations I I had a math class
once and this one girl in the class had
just the most adorable stays had ever
heard I mean it literally sounded like
yeah I mean that's what it sounded like
all right and every time I heard it just
in class out loud I couldn't help myself
Oh
well and did she think you were an
amazing weirdo maybe I don't care i I
couldn't help it Steve's was adorable
yeah she should be proud that's that
sneeze was an icebreaker Oh always me oh
that's amazing I'm not saying it's I'm
not saying it's bad that rich is proud
of his knees I'm just saying I've just
never heard anyone be proud of their
sneeze before it's since I'm proud of it
i just got a hearty sneeze that's
enjoyable you you are self
congratulating yourself on your sneeze
us proud of your sneeze Ryan uh-huh yeah
other people are envious of your sneeze
I don't know that I go that far I just
know I enjoy my sneeze very much
I have reached a new area and I think
I'm more excited about this than I
should be he hears things and it doesn't
like it money is burning money is
burning what oh my god I don't know what
to do you're having tomato no that
doesn't work okay I gotta go I gotta go
you smell bad puzzles puzzles rich I
love them I love to do him oh there's a
little rap thing oh my god this is he
okay you're hungry this here's the thing
about this point and click adventure
game I am still incredibly interested in
it oh my god I'm super psyched about
this game but I think I think I'm ready
to call it as far as the stream now now
that we've ended our fascinating sneeze
talk we I think it's time man it's time
to call this because because this is
what I can read cuz it's on the screen
right now crack cocaine thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do okay but i do have the chat
launcher up with v Leslie new larger
font thank you left over beauty it's so
much easier to read them I last nineteen
eighty-four the real Quaid bahaha boot
bahaha bot Theodore J hooker lace dress
each letter I can't read it well I could
read it that's like I should I could
read it cuz it's on the screen now and I
feel like I should do some of these go
on I'm sorry where the lake sir Hilary
man fat my turds are green Walt haizen
beard full tour
Cora Dan Miller unicorn on fire Richie
have a new subscriber called unicorn on
fire mmm dear I'm not saying I'm nothing
I'm done I'm done magma otter stew 91 I
stone badger yeah ed witten spike 1382
dig the birthday boy and it guitars oh
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it it's true we really do you
really do um and by the way y'all should
I know I've spoiled most of the puzzles
for you but get your get yourself on
some dropsy the clown that's just a
little way too much fun I enjoyed this a
lot i'm gonna i might finish this game
which is saying a lot for me so good
night everybody thanks for coming adios
oh did we want to tell them about
