Mar 1, 2015
Hand of Fate
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3881307
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3881622
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3881575
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1X5RR39zMHc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yoa2W3cXOYg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gxsWQOlw-8
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/572176562814111744
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/572226070734364673

[Part I]
everyone can hear my noodles could
everyone here riches doodles yeah we're
coming up we are up now they're coming
up hey we did it this time we were up we
have minutes ago we have the game I have
added playing in my ear which is
unacceptable because I'm talking to you
there we go right sound is off i'm good
to go great we were we were up a little
bit ago ah i get for shock musze does it
count fuck what spooky Dookie thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
also I enjoy your name spooky still love
that name still love that name it's very
funny um does it count as a shock ma if
it's not our technical difference the
real quaid thank you for subscribing the
past four months now we very much
appreciate it I think there's a separate
one frog which runs okay okay Oh Shawn
of noise thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we won
the fuck whoa the ocho nose thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
also tell a gun both the ocho nose and
the telecon have been with us for seven
months lolly battle machine 322 320
thank you for subscribing really
appreciate it five months in a row hey
gobbledygook thank you for subscribing
for the past seven months we really
appreciate it so Jack what I noticed in
the past podcast yeah the order 1886
stream yeah says no audio audio for
portions of this been cut out yes and I
know for portions there Oh ed witten
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it some of the audio has been
muted due to copyright claims from the
order 1886 if you skip ahead i want to
say it's like around the 3-minute mark
the audio starts and then it will cut
out here and there but mo it's mostly
there but that's game audio that's so
weird isn't it isn't it weird oh fuck
them you know it's fine it's fine
everything's fine oh I saw Ellie
Hendricks alejandra ex wants to know the
rlm email address because Ellie
Hendricks is making a space cop spelunky
mod which is something I'm really
excited about but first of all dong at
Lee thank you for subscribing we very
much appreciate it and you can set that
bowl of okay thank you Robin don't
that's why we were really she ate it you
as well spacechem oh thank you for
subscribing you can send that to
previously recorded dot RL m @ gmail.com
that is an email that we check we have
an official at red letter media email
that I don't have access to and I don't
think rich does either we should get
access to that but for now previously
recorded dot rlm at gmail is the one we
check that's also the email for our
official previously recorded steam
profile there anyone on that but so did
do that so I rich was going to play
tonight but we were working very hard on
the very special ending
to our next previously recorded episode
and and my back started bothering me and
Richard is vessel I wanted to I wanted
to come home and and and pamper my back
of it take a nice warm shower just some
stretches yeah take it easy before
before you know my back flirted a
full-blown sciatica or something fucked
up i don't know right my back provides
me now you're right i had like sciatica
a last summer it was like two months of
excruciating pain every time I sat down
or walked yeah I was horrible so but the
the end of the episode should be
incredibly fun but it's gonna it's gonna
take a while it's probably going to take
longer to film this ending than it did
then it took the film the actual
episodes yeah what longer than it took
play the game longer than its yes it
will take longer to film a wait hold on
what is that rmt for thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it
will take us longer to make this ending
than it will have taken us to play the
game the order which is something I'm
really really excited about rich
actually did the thing where he screamed
for 30 seconds every time he sat down or
got up you know it was close to that
yeah you know back back when my back was
flaring up yeah back when I back when I
had sciatica full-blown yeah that's when
the next gen cast we're having a that
get together that show in Chicago oh
shut up for the wizard world and so was
like you know I had excruciating pain
but I wanted to go to that just because
I thought it might be my only chance to
see you know the next-gen crew oh yeah
so I went despite my sciatica and I was
like screaming I was literally screaming
in pain for most of the Carlile down
there so sorry it was it was really
stupid to go
it was really stupid to go oh I mean you
know
but I now live in terror that I'm going
to have to go through that again I
sciatica yeah oh yeah I'm with you
I'm not fooling with you just cuz I've
never had that but listen back back
problems are back probably now okay
great i just tweeted I was a
multitasking tweeting while talking and
mr. shy smile gets no shout out did he
get a shout-out did that day did we miss
a lot the fuck while we were chatting
mr. shy smile thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate mr. shy smile our
newest moderator gets no love because
he's our newest moderator even now
that's okay yeah I'm sorry I was talking
about my crippling back pains look I'm
sorry we say your name I'm sorry butter
buttermilk biscuits thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it also
the binaries son thank you for
subscribing okay so this is hand of fate
this is a game I have been playing and
really enjoying what I played this last
week or the week before i played this
sometime do you know when i do you
remember when i play this i don't
remember this is sly sunday i think i
played this last sunday and i have been
playing it on and off and really
enjoying it i've gotten a little farther
great sorry I need to you want me to you
already talked about still good good you
need to what what are you doing what
what are you doing whatever turning what
are you doing everything's fine
everything's fine go ahead and talk
about what well two things reg what are
your class in the home rule games I love
everything about it other than the fact
that it's a real time strategy game I
love the fact that you play around with
ships I love the stories I I it's great
looking game I love love playing around
with spaceships my we don't like
real-time strategy so I like everything
about that game of him that the other
big news it's not somebody mentioned and
I'm gonna bring this up take care of it
get out of the way Leonard Nimoy died
yes and what I have to say about that i
did a little tribute at the beginning of
the next episode that Jack is almost
certainly not going to edit out because
now I have publicized it good rich so
now now you know I don't I don't I don't
think jack is going to cut that out of
the episode no no you asked me not to I
want okay wrap it for me I know you were
going to because you don't you don't
give a shit I guerlain you're right next
gen your next gen guy you never you
never really watched the original series
you know you know it's not the same
beauty no no absolutely not the same
time and we can talk about that this is
the very first time that riches ever
demand Davis luck that I don't eat
something in the episode where he said
it was it's worse fuck yeah I don't care
about I'm sure Leonard Nimoy was a great
guy i'm sure and i know that the
original Star Trek meant a lot to a lot
of people but it's like just to me you
know a person died an actor died it just
doesn't mean that much to me but I will
keep it in it was it's small it's very
simple oh yeah subtle it's very subtle
and it's just you know that I just don't
I you know they're there are people who
have passed away that have meant
something to me you know blender Nemo
isn't what I'm saying is I understand
your feelings of Leonard Nimoy
but but but i am i'm still actually
reach heaven swan so so i'm gonna do
this yeah uh everybody let's take bets
who is the next original series cast
member to die whose life was in it for
you if you win you neva know who's left
well there's takei decays loved Chad nah
Alvarez left uh-huh you don't know who
her his name's jack off no chuckles
Jenna was gone is that gone isn't check
off gone no you're thinking of Scotty
Scott he's gone Shatner I'm going with
Michelle Nicole's yeah Sulu still looks
like he's in pretty decent shape shatter
still looks like he's pretty decent
shape uh actually you know what Walter
Cohen ism he looks pretty bad it might
be I'm you know what I'm gonna change
that yeah who's well it's it's gonna be
check check check off looks like crap
check out check out this my vote for
next okay
okay that's fine oh nasty I lose a food
I saw I thought had one wait go grab is
a shape yes I know I know William
Shatner is fat but like old people die
when they get really skinny it's like
they don't eat much anymore and they
waste away yeah I think I think I think
seeing a fat old person I think that's a
good son a sign I think it's a good side
uh uh yeah I think I got the fuck i
think i agree with you um mehdi most
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it I saw someone asked like
who who was someone that passed that was
like important to me and I don't either
as that of the Nimoy discussion that is
that is true yeah and like recently
Robin Williams was a very important
person to me growing up I you know like
comedy I'm a comedian I was compared to
him a lot growing up and so when he him
passing and especially for depression
reasons was was a that hit me that hit
me close to home so who's that again
Robin Williams oh yeah yeah yeah you
know yeah actually know what I remember
that conversation yeah of course was
yeah and then cites you know I'm I was
glad you love this yeah you were talking
to me about this oh no well I saw it in
the chat too for me the one that really
bugged me George Carlin yeah yeah are
you sure that's the right I'm a comedian
I'm technically a comedian I make funny
videos Lisa I think they're funny you
don't have to think they're funny
okay great I think they're funny that's
all that matters hey we have a first
time viewer rich first time prereq
viewer long time rlm fan will welcome
welcome we just we play games and jibber
about stuff you're not missing much okay
rich the gun why does happen yeah the
gods of the old religion are powerful
yet unpredictable pray to them do you do
you pray to them okay I prayed to them
we gotta want the fuck a choice select
success we success okay can you read
that i missed that what the fuck can you
read that well Oh smelter wooden apolis
what can offer is something hold on hold
on you smelter when in all of us thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it smelter wedge in all of us yep it's
disgusting it's just disgusting dr.
Forrester thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true we do I
just got a great blessing card for every
kill that I get with an axe I get three
health that's a great car died and i
have a mace my axe is a little less
powerful than my mace but having that
health bonus is worth it
I think right now you know in this game
with the cards yeah when they know the
success and fill cards yes you do know
you can follow the cards right that's
not when they flip that's not just an
illusion that you really can follow the
card with your eye you can you can
follow a couple of them you know like
the the top point the top one you can
follow and you can kind of figure out
which one is which yeah but I mean but
then sometimes made multiple they
shuffle multiple times so yes I do know
that but they're hard to keep track of
sometimes it's not it's not entirely
related but I'm gonna hit you with some
some fun math stuff oh no oh that's
right that's right rich is really into
math today have you heard of the Monty
Hall problem the Monty Hall problem
Monty Hall have I ever heard of Monty
halls he's an old TV you don't you know
who money homeless that's what I'm
trying to remember he was he was a game
show host there we go and you know he
was either the host of let's make a deal
okay one of a lot of things they had on
let's make a deal was like an old you
want she was feeding door number one
door number two or door number three
right now and like you know between
behind one of the doors is a car right
and then behind like the other two doors
that have like like an actual like go to
write write anything like a joke prize
prize right and you know you could say
door number one I want door number one
and then hurt for dramatic purposes
after you choose your dorm money would
take one of the other doors and he'd
show you one of the goats right and
they'd say do you want do what do you
still want door number one do you want
to change your answers like the tension
right sir here's the question does odds
wise what do you do do you change your
answer or not so does it make a
difference there's three well first of
all no fear no Envy thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it so
there's three doors and use three doors
and you know them as go find two of them
yeah and one of them has a car
so you choose a dorm yeah then he shows
you one of the goats yeah and offers to
let you choose again sure that I mean
but but that wouldn't change that
wouldn't change your odds at all because
you you had that wrong us it's like it
took me forever to wrap my brain around
this cuz it seems so counter-intuitive
egad you see one but it's not the same
no no all apparently statistically I've
seen this done in like a video and I've
like tested it myself it was so weird
yeah always change your answer wow you
double your odds because when you when
you pick the first time there's two
goats and one car right right when you
pick one of those doors there is a
two-thirds chance of picking a goat
right right so the odds are you got it
wrong to begin with right so then he
reveals one of the goats right so you
know where you know for sure we're one
of the goats is after he reveals it and
the most likely one you chose the first
place was a goat if you switch doors you
get a car two-thirds of the time I ok I
mean listen if that's what the math says
that's that's fine it's just it's after
he reveals the goat you have a
fifty-fifty chance no okay you have a
two-thirds chance there's videos on this
and they explain it it might make better
sense I listen I believe we ever gonna
be on don't make a deal or let's make a
deal so what I've been doing in this
game and believe it or not I it kind of
works so it doesn't really fit in with
the money hall problem because they
don't reveal one of the failures but I I
pick a card and I just assume i picked
wrong and then I pick another one cuz I
figured you know odds are i picked wrong
the first time right I'm sure I'm sure
that doesn't work at all I'm sure I'm
wrong for doing that but it seems to be
where it seems to work out for me okay
I mean it's not the same because you
don't they don't reveal one of the
failure occurs after you choose you know
yeah mm-hmm rich is right he's just
doing a bad job of explaining it yes
you're right you're absolutely right
hahahahaha this is true Jack dr. secare
but Leonard Nimoy death or old people
game shows this is two things that check
doesn't care about I don't know i don't
i don't understand it link me to the
video rich yeah i'll let my only look
for it was probably several link link me
to the the math video Thank You
alejandro i will i will see if i can get
that running Alex just linked us to the
mod just oh okay cool well I'm gonna die
which I'm checking my email right now oh
I got it thank you Jack ain't too bright
Jack ain't too bright you know that
about me already though there's no need
to say it math is this wonderful thing
rich and I were talking about math
earlier and how much we loved math math
math is the only real truth it's great
math math is is is wonderful I don't
like it that I have made my way Jack I'm
putting a link to one of the videos I've
seen to the money hall problem on the
chat right now I'm gonna save it I just
did that is my job just did it I'm gonna
save it Foster all right I got our way
of focusing the mind i got it traveling
he approached fish up i can buy some
food do you get to keep the goat wasn't
that like a joke is there no no I was a
joke Jones sure you didn't get to keep
the girl but wasn't there a thing where
like oh that was like the the radio
contest where they were like one of
their dummy prizes was an elephant and
yeah person who won the dummy prize
insisted on keeping the elephant that's
what that sentence episode of spaced out
it's not the first time that's happened
you remember Pepsi points perhaps the
points something they did in the 80s it
was like
let's click the pepsi points interna man
you get prize sure medic like you know
fancy 50 beds boy did you get a radio
75mg punch you get a bike and then as a
joke at the end of the commercial they
showed a Harrier jet and they said 1
million points and some smartass figured
out that you know 1,000,000 Pepsi points
will get you a relatively cheap air jet
oh sure sure so they sued Pepsi for
their Harrier jet I don't remember how
that lawsuit ended but it happened great
that's really funny that is really funny
no that was a simpsons episode but the
simpsons episode was based off of a
real-life complaint and the in real life
the person probably didn't get an actual
elephant but that's what the simpsons
episode was based off of like most
simpsons episodes
I'm just doing a little by the way for
anyone who doesn't know like right now
I'm not playing the story mode and
playing endless mode and basically all
I'm trying to do is unlock more cards
and so I'm taking big risks like I'm
doing right now I'm 510 lows thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate
somebody saying the Pepsi guy got a cash
settlement yeah Pepsi could not legally
buy a Harrier jet that's really funny
stampy that's right another of my
servants fulfills his duty rich did you
see a Ronda Rousey fight last night no
no I don't I don't even know what that
is is that wrestling I know probably not
wrestling that doesn't sound like I
think I saw something for that unlike
the one yahoo news or something anxious
Ultimate Fighter champion I know was
that the MMA fight that lasted like
eight seconds it's something like that
like that the women's heavyweight MMA
fight that lasted like 20 milliseconds
UFC fight thank you great 14 second
knockout that's that's what you get
sometimes I I saw live the mike tyson vs
evander or not like those vs evander
holyfield's what was the Mike Tyson
fight where he knocked out the guy in
that was half of his fights no but it
was a big one it was like it was like
George Foreman or Holyfield or something
like that you know Tyson oh yeah the
life that provides him oh thanks Leon
Spinks cuz that what it was yet yeah
yeah i saw that live at my uncle's house
and he did the whole pay-per-view thing
and you know it was super excited to had
like a huge part in every everyone was
so pissed it was funny also the person
in the chat explaining that it's a fifty
percent chance in the Monty Hall problem
watch the video it's more than 50 it's
like it's like two-thirds it makes we
were saying because at
that was the only thing that matters
that that first pic right at first pick
you have a two-thirds chance to pick a
goat once they reveal the other goat
it's the other way around its to third
chance to get the couple because you
probably have to go for the two thirds
and once you got to go they reveal the
other goat the only other possibility is
the car right it may it kind of makes
sense but still like oh like the other
way to look at it though is after the
goat is shown you have a 50-50 chance of
being right but like that's that to
third chance to pick a goat in the first
place cuz the other episodes it ends up
big into third stands to get car cuz
picking a goat means getting a car right
if you change I can do this I can do
this
oh this one yeah I can definitely do
this I can definitely do this jack is
blowing wrist Jackson no I still don't
understand rich linked me to the video i
saved it I'll watch it later I'm playing
this is hand of fate it's a
deck-building Game that features batman
arkham asylum style combat and it's a
game that I've really really been
enjoying in my free time it actually
makes me want to play more batman
because now i feel like i understand the
combat better if that makes any sense
Brock Adele brain still thinks it's a
fifty percent chance that's why your
crocodile brain try being a lion brain
right no no it's it's really
counterintuitive I couldn't wrap my head
around it at first too i thought well
it's got me it's 50 of course he's gotta
g that i watch the videos and it makes
sense now
did you ever play that game called
kingdom hearts where you use the cards
to fight that I played kingdom hearts
where you fight with mickey mouse does
that count paul verhoeven thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
Jack and rich either if you ever had a
mullet hair dude no well I can't speak
for Jack me know do you wanna jack if
you ever have you ever had a mullet do
you want to hit this is the exciting
questions we get on the show harwich you
want some real talk here yeah you want
to leave you had a mullet I had a rat
tail oh my god that is that's disgusting
the dude 1944 thank you for subscribing
I as most of you know grew up in the
country ah and a lot of kids add rat
tails and so they were cool you grew up
on a farm as your excuse for everything
I had I had no contact with the outside
i will see if i can find a picture of me
with a rat tail it exists i had a rat
tail it never got very long i'll tell
you that but you know listen when your
kid you don't know any bud I'm to token
if you succeed I had it I had it may be
for like a year or so I don't remember
exactly but wait like well before I was
a teenager Oh one night you are captured
by Lizard Men and brought before their
king you are stripped of your equipment
and must choose an opponent to fight in
their underground arena I'm going to
fight the tools so why do I not get an
axe
I don't think I've ever gone without my
you get like the cheapest possible acts
oh you get like the rusty and rusty X ok
and that's it ok I only have two dudes
to fight so I can do this
you know I really like the the kick stop
when you don't have your shield that
feels that feels really cool get out of
here dude ya did it the more I learn
about Jack the more scared I become you
should I never fought on that raised
lava platform before yeah it's ness
exciting you know the I was talking
about this game with rich a little bit
earlier and I want to say I'm like eight
nine hours in and it's just getting to
the point now where some of the levels
some of the guys are starting to become
a little monotonous I'm only halfway
through the story mode and so I can see
this being like a solid 20 our game and
being done with it but I've been really
really enjoying it I i purchased the
game off of steam I mean at steam I mean
duh GOG yeah game is available off of
gog so I you know I now have the game
with with no drm issues it's my game I
can install it when I want just a backup
copy of it on our spare hard drive and I
I I can see myself going over 20 hours I
could see it but I like just knowing me
and knowing how I get over games i want
that healing cap i'm good at sex it's
games pretty good at 2nd I was watching
you play it now is that yeah yeah no I
mean I but then I actually played up
myself like I'll let's just this works
it does card thing works it really does
and and the card thing this is something
we talked about during our what we're
playing now episode when we're talking
about like why roguelike games work like
this and because you get these little
rewards you know like when you unlock a
new card when you unlock just a
challenge even if you die you get one of
those chits that gives you some new
cards it's these tiny little incentives
for learning the game it's really great
oh I get to go back and try to free some
prisoners I'm going to do that
oh crap Tessa grass I did it I did it
which probably didn't watch wrestling
but Jack had a rat tail so you know he
was a fan I did I know I'm dressed you
want stress thanks to back in the day
yeah i was i was a hole I was a little
hulkamaniac yeah oh yeah I was dead
you've earned first day when we were
kids everyone was a hulkamaniac that's
just a when I was a kid like i'm talking
like the hulk hogan macho man Rowdy
Roddy Piper up Bobby the brain Heenan
that era oh yeah I was all over that oh
well that when Roddy when rowdy roddy
was in the arena shit was getting real
then very briefly i was watching WCW and
like the 90s they're doing the NWO stuff
but most of that was like a nostalgia
thing at that plans like oh yeah I
remember these rustlers oh fuck yeah the
bushwhackers I loved the bushwhackers
hey didn't I need it yeah they were just
crazy they were for me please I am naked
like animals i get anything is caught
you hear the Queen bushwhackers I
haven't used this card it as you
traverse a particularly tricky trail
across a mountain ridge you notice a
dark ravine beneath you something
glitters in the dim sunlight that
reaches the base of that cavern climb
down and take a look in the gloom of the
narrow canyon you find the old remains
of the one cart apparently having fallen
down years ago you find nothing of worth
except a chunk of glittering metallic or
urban vermin thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it might not
sound soon orange in its current state
but perhaps you can find someone who can
use it oh great that's the first time
I've gotten this card people so I'm
taking it I'm taking it
I got the medal or I did I did it all
right here we go what were your best
movies of last year what came out last
year I didn't remember right I remember
guardians of the galaxy it's what I
remember no guardians good yeah it's
fine movie fine movie well did Winter
Soldier come out last year yes I'd put I
put Winter Soldier above God wait what's
that last year was in you before I'm
outta here before no concept of space or
time there are some good movies last
year I'm sure maybe well you what are
your thoughts on ark Arkham Knight being
rated but sure I'll give a shit I don't
give a shit about that I kind of give a
shit about the possible spoiler I heard
oh don't spoil yeah I'm not gonna talk
about that rich rich and i are grown-ass
adults we don't care for a game is rated
M my sister does the gig I love her but
she's another good this is coming from
me when I call somebody weird it means
something I was left these simple pieces
I'm from them I have built a she I was I
was at a restaurant with her of the
other day but you will ever end like you
know you ordered a drink and you know
Pepsi okay no no it's not rather she'd
rather drink water than pepsi apparently
she's a coke drinker through and through
it's it's it's fucking soda good shit
right Oh someone's mentioning some good
movies snowpiercer did you see
snowpiercer and last year no you can't
stop you see snow busy I didn't answer
so no I don't see many like Jay and Mike
are the ones that were always saying the
new movies most of them I don't really
give a shit i'm not going on my way I'll
something there's no period hey hey rich
this subscribers for you
I'm degree that one danger peanut thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it yeah it's true I know snowpiercer was
really fun that that was a neat little
movie um it's hard for me to just
remember what came out but yeah I did
not have time to read that wall of text
yeah hey I appreciate you posting more
about the money hall problem yeah but I
could not that it I did and actually
just this weekend just last night I saw
I saw someone mentioned like in their
list of best movies of last year just
last night I saw edge of tomorrow that
Tom Cruise Groundhog Day meets alien
kind of thing pretty decent like the the
best way to describe that movie is it's
really great at how like middle of the
road it is it is a movie that will play
forever on cable television and everyone
will be really happy about that you know
it's like it's so simple I wouldn't mind
watching that one that actually does
look good yeah yeah it's fun it's got a
neat premise and some good action and I
mean Tom Cruise that bruise and ladies
good to I forget her name and Lady it's
overrated i'm calling it middle i'm
calling it perfectly middle of the road
like that's not i'm not heaping praise
on it settle down it's perfectly
acceptable for a movie that will play on
cable forever Emily Blunt thank you
tobin the gnome emily blunt was in that
very good
well I get the mace again mace deals
more damage but with the axe our way do
I have my I need to make sure i have my
was that this run where I got the
somebody has said that edge of tomorrow
was based on or inspired by video game
speedrunning I could believe that it's
very I could believe that yeah it's very
it's very much video game the movie but
they handle it in a fun way it's all it
all has this kind of like smirk about it
and you know a lot of the deaths as you
know every time Tom Cruise dies he wakes
up again at the same time a lot of the
deaths are little humorous it's very
good very very very acceptable that edge
of tomorrow what the fuck but the
important thing is Jack yeah when they
ask you if you want coke or pepsi yeah
why would you get indignant it is pepsi
poem so sorry I messed I went right in
the middle of your Pepsi and Coke story
you're right why why would you get
indignant about it Cola is gone it's
here well here's the real question
imagine you into a restaurant and they
said light and you know you said like
I'd like a coke and they said we only
have I don't know what's like off Brent
like faygo Cola like we only have like
off-brand Cola is that ok would that be
acceptable to like we only have royal
crown Cola ok the proper answer is ok
yeah oh no no water that's what that's
what your sister says these lesser
attitude according to your sisters I
guess one it system and she's a sweet
girl I'll God try to bet that sister
were horrible she's a sweet girl it's
funny don't your office just a Mormon so
she's a little bit night hey woman
thanks but but just just accept the soda
they don't don't make it don't don't
calm down and don't make a scene I'm
being angry I'm not the sort of choice
it's just drink just drink the toughest
or quietly were so oh well you know what
Alan I'll have this bright instead no
sure I'll have a sprite and says that's
acceptable how do you she's a Mormon yes
by choice by choice fucking hate the rap
min max great sure see that's the thing
that's what I said tell agon is Mormons
don't drink caffeine your sister is not
supposed to be in taking caffeine rich
huh that's what I thought too rich is
gonna have a talk with her well she
likes o coke has caffeine in it
everything okay maybe she's not a good
Mormon I don't know maybe she look maybe
maybe for all aight fur for all I know
jack she's not even a Mormon anymore
because there's just kind of an unspoken
agreement between us to never talk about
religion I'm spoken completely unspoken
great but I think we just both know
better yes agree agreed um in an old
abandoned graveyard the restless spirits
sense the presence of a blessed soul and
remain quiet you spend a piece of the
Great Awakening what somebody called
jack is awesome says ex-mormon here no
caffeine isn't a rule just a suggestion
on the church oh well that's good to
know Oh apparently
I go to the graveyard and everything's
cool I know almost nothing about the
Mormons I know I like pronouncing it
more mon I'm not gonna talk all the moms
I don't want to sound like you know I
obviously I've talked about being an
atheist but I don't want people to get
the impression that I hate people who
are have faith no no I don't care I
don't care I really don't care what you
believe I joke about things every now
and then because it's fun and I think
I've been doing that a little bit too
much lately maybe no maybe a little much
he was right it back back off that
trying to hey if I really we're cool
with everyone I have nothing against
people who have faith and whatever just
don't hurt anyone else you ever see that
Wolf Blitzer thing on CNN where there
was like a tornado went through an area
he was he was interviewing one of the
survivors oh and it was like in the
south yeah yeah yeah and I was like
Oklahoma like what you eat and your
family survived i'm just-just thank lord
I mean you must feel blessed and she
kind of like didn't dodge the question
she didn't really say anything I know
but really just blessed you you do bless
the Lord right don't you and she
eventually just sitting on I'm an
atheist and yeah I'm well that's okay
let's go old school you can just use
like that's the attitude everybody
should have right that was just that was
just fucking awesome mm-hmm it is it you
know what it is can i buy a blessing no
these are all too expensive curse now I
can curse
get four dollars for my mace at four
dollars for my right maze rich good Jack
doesn't know will be the next big r LM
series it would it would go on forever
there are so many things I don't know
how you make mustard that's that I don't
know I do that you just grind up mustard
seeds I yeah yeah the last thing I want
to know is how to make mustard I want to
know how to destroy mustard how do I on
how do i unmake Buster to Tony it that's
usually what I do I think that's fine
that's how you destroyed and then it
just goes bad a token is at stake the
children were warned warmed by your
generosity last time would you be
willing to save a few lives again i will
give food to the priest i will give him
five food okay i have one chance for
success erage i think it's this one yes
good work jack I could work on that
completely random guess I did they
shuffled twice rich that it's hard to
keep track of the cards machine noise I
know huge six did you ever successfully
pass that Devil's Carnival token not all
not one hundred percent success success
i did a success 15 up you never got yep
you haven't gotten the token for no i
have not gotten the devil's carnival
token yet i have that one's a bitch yeah
yeah you have to get the the extreme
success one twice in a row right right
and like I've got through where I just
like haven't gotten hurt or you know and
I've gotten I I did once where I gotta
fight in there which was pretty cool I
got to fight on the carnival ground
which was a neat location oh this is a
good one whenever the player eats food
they gain twice the usual healing I
don't get the token for that it's fine
let's find if you get your ass kicked
lock the field of Honor oh yeah or at
least the closest approximation whoo
here we go the crucible I think I like
this one
oh wait I could attempt to say I've
never attempted to swim the river before
and there's a tow why would you think oh
no you can they don't get the token for
swelling the river but I've entered the
crucible before and beat it and I didn't
get the token did you you know all I can
tell you I can only tell you what I did
and I got the toe I get to token every
time okay I say every time you get yes I
have restarted the game to start from
scratch uh pick the hardest possible
enemy you can every time that's what i
did and i got the token I've never not
gotten the toga when i restarted from
scratch which i'm insane and I've done
that okay hardest enemy every time
because I've tried to know death around
this game oh really now all the way
through story motor yeah it's just the
story about from scratch that's tough
okay for of dust I can do for best this
is nothing i get a little little more
than halfway through yeah yeah
I lizard 64 you say the game looks fun
but this card bullshit is dumb ah it's
different when you're playing the game
yes unless you just hate card games in
general maybe I don't know but it's
actually strangely interesting it it
makes what is so much sense when you're
playing like you know the cards are just
there to set up what happens it's it's
so this game is one of the hardest to
explain I saw I saw a video on it jerma
985 did a video on this game and that's
how I found out about it and he couldn't
explain it I can't explain it it's great
though it's very satisfying the cards
are it's it's a little FTL a little
Isaac a little a little Batman it's
great I don't know about I don't know
about Isaac or FTL I don't know about
that I think that's I think that's going
a little bit crazy the FTL is like the
cuz the cards are almost like the text
reads segments of FTL where ya all right
no I I think it's a little left to you
can you explain the Batman combat sure
so in batman arkham asylum the fuck
which is the batman game I that I played
you have most subjects what nuttin the
flip Oh Bruno thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it and Christ crow
crow yes whatever the fuck your name is
thank you for subscribing for six months
in a row we really appreciate it it's
true we do really appreciate it so so
you have what your sincerity was amazing
I remember I was I'm I was that you
caught me mid mid thought explaining who
do you know I did but I didn't want to
scroll up and not be able to find him
later you're right of course I'm being
sincere but in any case so the the
Batman come
goes like this one button is your basic
attack button one button is your knock
back button and then you have rollaway
attack and counter so knock back attack
counter roll and so whenever you see the
green spider-sense above an enemy you
hit the counter button and then you get
to dodge an attack and counter-attack
and in between that you have to slash at
enemies and roll away whenever there's
like a red spider sense or when you
think you're just going to get your ass
handed to you and then there are certain
enemies that have shields so you have to
bash into them with the bash button and
attack attack it's all and it's all like
a little slower than you think it would
be and so it has this very like
deliberate pace to it that makes it feel
very heavy and real it's very nice oh
wait wait did you say it's would you say
it's as good as the Arkham combat I
don't know if I'd go that far I mean I
look like a lot bar I know you wouldn't
go that far I would because you get an
axe and the equipment collecting makes
it interesting yes the growth factor
finding you know finding the good arm
we're finding a good sword finding a
good magic power and that that adds a
dimension to this card game thing that
goes on you know
see ya and like you see here like he has
read spidey sense which means that I
can't counter that so identified role
just like red spidey sense in the Arkham
games yes maiming basically it's exactly
the same yes so the countering is less
effective if there's any enemy that has
a shield may as well not bother you
don't already have to shoot they're just
gonna put lock yeah you have you can't
you could technically counter their
attack but your swords just gonna bonk
off their shield that it's a waste yes
dodgin I think I think it's kind of
machines run into a lot of shield on
facebook now yeah the combat in this
game is a little more brutal which is
why I say I'm like it wrong I think
that's fair yeah it's a lot easier to
clean house in the other games yeah yeah
and this this the combat feels so
intense in the Arkham games I feel bad
when I get hit oh damn ad hahaha you can
hit a lot more of this I like that don't
let me down lucky with made it what they
projectile attacks yeah the enemies this
have no qualms like throw them to things
that you have once like you'd somebody
will be chopping a sword while
somebody's throwing so that you know oh
if you count a one you're still getting
a hit absolutely yeah this is enterica
it's Arkham games they're all very happy
to like attack you one at a time the
most Yaquis so in this game like it's
really important to get up in people's
faces and and keep them from I could
have countered
this game I i play with a controller i I
don't I don't hate controllers on
principle some types of games they work
very well if you like this I play play
the Arkham games the controller play
crypt of the necrodancer with the
controller though typically if amy is
involved mouse keyboard forever scratch
Mouse important forever yeah like I
would never play XCOM with a controller
I've never play Master of Orion with a
controller I don't think you can put
master ha ha ha you could with you could
I guess with joy to key or some kind of
program but it would be after it would
just be awful oh man this this blessing
that I have this run this game 3 health
with every axe kill it is is the most
overpowered thing in the world is great
gain three health with every X kill oh
is that one of the blessings it's one of
the blessings and I have the axe
equipped so it's just like even if I get
hit a couple times I can gain it back 01
the one downside is I don't least I
haven't encountered one yet I don't
think this is really powerful acts a lot
of mesas yeah a lot of swords here I
haven't seen a super-powerful axe yet so
maybe that's the trade-off it is now I
have a more powerful mace right now but
I have not I don't have it equipped
because I can I can gain health back ok
oh I did it rich you were right i got
the I got the token for beating all the
dudes no you picked the hardest ones
every time yep ok now barely I wasn't
doing that maybe maybe it doesn't give
them a I've never picked the week or
enemies cuz i was i was thinking maybe
maybe you should pick the tougher one
something let's find a game system a bit
so i always pick the tougher enemies and
i've always got the token ok so Nico
Cola I am having a snack tonight I'm
having heart healthy red wine
so not a fun to win I through the woods
and see what lies beyond but I enjoy it
yes I I've played this game a lot since
last week I bought it that night yeah
the one you you know what put me over
the edge too when buying it the fact
that they had it on GOG before that the
steam version but yeah I don't know
maybe it'll be me that my sauce on geo
geo i'll pick that up yeah oh no did we
demo weasel apparently we missed demo
weasels what the fuck we're so sorry but
thank you for subscribing demo weasel we
we very much appreciate it though you
know I gotta say you should really
sticking in in there and be demon weasel
demon reason be a cool name when that
demon weasel my own language I think
that would take away some of the cool
the localism so it gave out here no I
cuz then you're like I'm a demon I'm a
dark demon but I'm also a weasel you go
I'm gonna get you that's that's comedy
that's comedy what the fuck's our demo
weasel what the fuck is that Oh a weasel
with with a bomb strapped to it and I
don't weasel you gets just try and
discard maybe three go that's fine what
brings you to please wouldn't want to be
the demo prostituta rich have you played
any rogue legacy Michael the rest a
little bit lost silent yeah i also i
also feel about it didn't hate it I
didn't hate it yeah no it's fine it it
seemed um it seemed like for a roguelike
game it seemed like it was doing its
hardest to remove all of the roguelike
elements which was my real problem with
us
you take a power up since you go that
kind of thing right on you can build how
we're not after you die yeah you can
build your own castle and so you could
grind to level up you in order to reach
certain enemies you'd have to lock down
the castle just to make sure that you
can get to that enemy quicker and I knew
like locking down the castle just makes
the randomization moot and okay no so
there there's like it fun combat and and
fun moving but I you know just wasn't my
thing long ago we've the Brotherhood
Forge holy weapons oh I think this is it
this is I I picked up that or oh good
and I think this is the Holy Forge they
I don't I don't have that one a lot
they've a stowed upon us one of the most
powerful tools and but took our supplies
including all the rare metal or that we
used to craft our weapons the king's
army never returned after that day I
know not what became of them in the
years that followed I have stayed here
all these years but only the ghosts
remain to keep me company give the monk
your sample or yep the monks eyes
widened in surprise and he exclaims by
the old gods where did you find that he
looks the metal or over carefully if
you're willing to put in the hard work
stranger together we could fire up the
old forge one last time you spend
several days with the old monk by day
you toil together at the forge and by
night you swap tales of your adventures
for a share of his month eventually you
hold the completed weapon in your hands
pearl monk thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it fractal record
is basically asking me if I'm sick of
hot dogs from Space Camp and you know
it's it's not like space cop is eating a
hot dog in every single shot he's in
splendor zone tree like I think it was
only like one day where I had to eat
like a lot of hot dogs for whatever shot
it was okay I'm so not ma'am I never eat
I'd never ate hot dogs
often to begin with and I'll probably
eat them exactly as often as I did
before holy shit is hot I haven't eaten
hot dogs as much since I came up here
because i can't find vienna beef hot
dogs have here have you think the soap
his children why right around the corner
from the studio what what place is us
where they all that that one we went to
the other day that grocery store that no
no there is a hot dog place right they
sell prepackaged hot dogs oh no they
sell hot dogs is a great day they make
hot dogs a really god i'm looking for
something buy at a store oh yeah drunk
ivy a hot dogs in a grocery store or
else that grocery store we went to
Azamat solutely so rich this weapon is
the battle hammer right now my axe does
25 damage the battle hammer does 40 yep
and you can string together consecutive
combos in the buyer combo the bed the
better the damage and left bumper to
unleash a powerful explosion that is a
mighty weapon but now I no longer he'll
with that woman's what's your well
here's the thing really use your line
brain lion brand jack probably a full
help I'm careful he'll he'll right
absolutely use the battle hammer if you
get to a point where your blow on health
then switch to the arcs oh absolutely so
careless with you whose logic I've
already done oh I just wanted to this is
what you get for not being a fan of
Leonard Nimoy I am a fan of Leonard me
right away what is what is the logical
thing to do in the search is well I will
use the hammer until I need to help that
i will switch to the X

[Part II]
line I'll grab the pickle onion listen
Oh be careful with Lionel y know what
I've noticed ah early on uh he always
gives you the shield I've had times for
he's giving me something while also
taking away yes my items yes I just
double checked he doesn't he hasn't
taken away anything I but I ignored him
this time because I didn't want to deal
with his bullshit ok and listen don't
make it sound like I'm not a fan of
Leonard Nimoy he's just had nose severe
impact on my life i'm not i'm not
happened I'm not Hatton unli Leonard
Nimoy okay here it is our first monster
fight with the hammer let's go
let's go here we go so excited to hit
people with my hammer
Nimoy directed three men and a baby is
that true then I loved him more because
I've seen three men and a baby very
disagreeable check you and I very
different people yes that's really true
we are very different people and you you
can't get out of here you haven't seen
three men and a baby a bunch of times I
know that shocking considering its a
Steve Guttenberg film yeah but I have
not Ted Danson heads answer Steve
Guttenberg but some other goldstein I'm
silicon leaving some other guy I love
doing that was joke joke what and never
mind yes everyone knows who Tom Selleck
is so okay it's boss oh sorry sorry then
that wasn't a very clear joke because i
do not know a lot of things so
back Leonard Leonard Nimoy directed Star
Trek for yes William shit William
Shatner directed Star Trek 50 that
doesn't that say everything you need to
know about the two men yep sure does
that anymore God's direct well I want to
direct to as pleases you well I want to
direct the next movie look if Nimoy gets
shot of chair both ways then I need to
do it'll be even better all right I'm
gonna try this and we fire that Devil's
Carnival we're gonna see if I can we're
gonna see if I can make it through that
was the first thing I've ever said in
chat that Jack read and you listen
there's number two it happens sometimes
this is here I like playing games like
this because like it's not constant
action I can look over and read the chat
every once in a while yeah on their
foolishness okay the token is at stake
here rich for the devil's carnival
ok where is a huge success keep my own
huge success I think it's this one Oh
failure damn it ok let's try a huge
success again huge success drew from the
exemptions huge success so I'm just
saying Shatner will not be at the
funeral that's what that that's what the
rumor on the high Jays manhole that's
what the rumor on the Internet is is
Shatner's out is out of country or out
of state filming somewhere and and Kate
won't be able to make it back for the
funeral I can't imagine I can't imagine
wow that there is nothing more important
than that but you know maybe maybe he
wasn't close with the Nimoy family you
know actually I've heard they were close
I think my answer maybe he was close
with him but maybe he wasn't close to
the family and so you know now that he's
gone but yeah yeah you know I don't know
well that's what I'm saying whoo Kate
like someone says he's dead who cares if
he can't look at the damn corpse but
like yeah he was here his family you
would want to go there and you know
comfort them the funeral is about
comforting the people that are still
living not just looking at a dead corpse
but um yeah maybe just wasn't close with
them
okay I can see the point you know that
it is just a corpse at that point yes
yes but it's the old Devils Devils
carnival ouch oh yeah but you know what
I just somebody didn't get the first
time around the first one I got one
failure and one huge success so closer
do I want to risk climbing down to
retrieve the weapon I already have a
great weapon but if I get another weapon
I could sell it now I have enough money
I'm just gonna leave it I oh crap I
don't have any food crap i need the axe
i need to equip the axe for some health
there we go bandits attack oh the
greater the risk of starvation shatner
is committed to a charity event is what
to jettison all right Tiberius Kirk is
saying something about the the motion
picture says the motion pictures have
much of a cast dynamic for much of the
film partly because Decker is a new
element in the story I have my own
theory about what's going on in Star
Trek the motion picture okay uh I think
everybody knows that Vietor is basically
ate a giant space vagina right now in
red right huh I think it's morfa I think
it's more of a space uterus maybe the
theme of of the motion picture is
rebirth sure all right well here hear me
up I'm hearing it when when when the
motion picture starts everything is
wrong right everything is just wrong
look at the enterprise it doesn't work
way they try to beam somebody up and a
beam up all fucked up and it's they're
not done making it yet the enterprise no
longer works it's not the same Kirk he's
he's moved on he's not supposed to be on
the enterprise anymore he's an old man
that's trying to relive his glory days
Decker by all rights should be in charge
and in fact when they have that problem
with the wormhole deckers the one who
solves the problem Kirk all those gets
everybody killed her Kirk does not
belong on the enterprise McCoy does not
even want to be there right Spock a
shadow of his former self he's he's lost
what made him
akis he's completely dedicated himself
to logic he's kind of a hollow shell of
a person sure and none of these elements
work together anymore Star Trek is
effectively dead okay right then they
fly into the magic Viger space uterus
and it's like a rebirth they leisure
explodes the enterprise flies out at the
end of the movie and they're they're
joking around like all times you know
after they get into V jerk Kirk starts
to get his mojo back he starts doing
clever things Spock realizes that his
humanity is what would make him great
would but it was beneficial to them
every once once they get into the magics
need your uterus everything is
revitalized so I think they are very
deliberately off-key in the first part
of that movie mmm I kinda like that
fairy I think that that's you know what
that is that's some arty farty bullshit
that I can get it that's great is that's
how I interpret that movie i bought i
buy what you're selling I'm you I'm
picking up with you're throwing down
rich I need this food I think that's
great that's really great that's nice
too hags rapsi string confess all of
your clothes will take those curses to
the grave and beyond you treat powerful
artifacts as though they were toys what
um arty-farty bullshit is that it is the
best but you know what like that's what
makes a film like that transcend you
know it has you all talking about it now
why do you want the plunderers cab I
like it of a prophet my terms are green
thank you for subscribing we well we
really appreciate its true I also what
we do and Jack does yeah I know I missed
a couple when I was on my Star Trek rant
but I wasn't gonna stop my Star Trek
rant
I'm soccer stars are telex in the eye
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it I'm sure I'm this work to
others some for the long rant and
they're gone no however they were those
other two or three people who subscribed
and I was in the middle of red thank you
for subscribing haha we really
appreciate it it's true it's true we do
I it's more fluid alright great riches
rants are so excellent I agree I like it
and you know what it's not often that
rich gets arty-farty with us so I
appreciate that anymore head down woods
only about Star Trek the motion picture
nothing else Oh God you know I've
watched that once I haven't seen it
since oh oh no Star Trek the motion
picture is what I said rich Oh what
about it I said it you only get arty
farty when talking about Star Trek the
motion picture oh yeah yeah that was
done yeah and then you said you only
want you at once I was worried I was in
the middle of reading a comment no my
brain was like you were talking my brain
was like weird my brain was rehearing
the comment i was reading about what I
had to say about Star Trek five mm-hmm
I've seen that once had not seen him
since Oh God sure
sure sure I think I've talked about this
my feelings on Star Trek the motion
picture is I feel like it needs a
massive reddit is it really just take
out the entire look how great the
enterprise looks on the big screen Monta
you can you can say that but oh man does
that Enterprise Lecrae that Enterprise
really looks great you sure sure does we
don't we don't need to see it that much
we we can you can cut you can cut out a
good 25 minutes of that of that d of the
entirety of time it takes Shatner to get
to the enterprise the 45 minute montage
uncurse my moves when he pleases me more
than watching your attempt to wriggle
away from bad what that's a horrible
curse what what did you get Kirsten
enemies move faster and take fifty
percent less than and chela is that when
they begin I like I've got how'd you get
rehearse yeah when you play endless mode
you get a curse after every level my ok
I'll genuine well you can find a shop to
D curse yourself save up money yeah oh
yeah no and like so far like I've gotten
three tokens this run I've been feeling
pretty good about this room so yeah John
kilowatt you are right about the ugly
uniforms on the motion picture but at
the same time they're kind of
fascinating because they've only warned
those uniforms once so makes you makes
you wonder what was going on at
Starfleet having tried these new you God
no way man you know it happens every
once in a while the military goes
through new uniforms but with it hey you
know for a second it seemed like you
just wear whatever the fuck you want
sometimes sometimes it's a
is that a recent thing the they've
recently discovered you know there was
that big American military uniform
debacle where they they reach out fit of
the entire US army and that like
pixelated looking camo uniform only to
discover that it's actually oh yeah
significantly more visible well like it
oh my god it does not work in a very
real way why would they do that the
first place that because they'd test
these things out they did and they
thought it they thought it worked better
but then after we bought it they did
more testing I'm gonna attempt to take
him by surprise okay think it's this one
Oh failure
that digital camo shit is awful and
apparently it it actual like not only
does it look awful it does it is
ineffective
okay here we go I have my axe I'm going
to try to get some of my health back it
sucks like I have this wonderful hammer
this wonderful kill everybody hammer but
I gotta get my pentax you can do it jack
you can do it you need you need to
decrease yourself you had a shop and
money save up money also there are tiny
rats here I've never caught tiny way
what I've never fuzzy you've never
fought the Ratman no no they're tiny
rats they're like dogs they're like dogs
that size what they're always that size
no no there's wrap my birth how far have
you gotten in story mode halfway through
the rats are that size no no there are
at men which are like the size of me but
I'm the one I know I'm probably 12
seconds behind but the people you're
fighting right now are the rat men
that's not big there I wonder if it was
just a weird perspective thing did you
are you sit looking at them right now
yeah not the guys who are shooting stuff
at me the little guys they're like dogs
they're like dog sighs nice we're
shooting arrows at you know the other
guys i didn't see anything that looked
like a tiny red man they all look like
the rat madness the one big one just
like the boss the jack of rats yeah
we're not fighting yep that's that's one
special rat no no I've fought two things
right here nice oh this helmet is the
greatest helmet Commission says on the
farm they were much bigger they were
much bigger on the farm dog rats I made
the greatest choice ever tho i have the
the plunderers helmet which means any
time I get a game card the dealer draws
too and I get to pick one that's the
greatest car because I get all of it
hello Elvis delvis I was Ella's check
he's checking in from the hospital oh
yeah you don't okay what's wrong are you
are you okay I just fought a dog rat if
Laura he fought a regular the rat was
there was a dog ran Elvis it was a
regular rad man that was the exact same
size all the other regular records look
like a dog rat Alvis and and and you
missed my my Star Trek the motion
picture rebirth theory which I just
explained it can't explain it again
hopefully hopefully you came hopefully
same for that hopefully you were
listening and just decided to type in
after that that's pretty mean oh you're
in the you're in you're not and not
you're in the hospital but you're not
needed in that you know you're not ah
the hospital for someone else oh well
good for you being there hopefully
she'll be fine yes I sounded insincere I
wasn't meaning to sound insincere I oh I
hope she's fine kind of armor do I have
right now jenkin rich what are your
favorite soundtracks for sci-fi boys I
had my brain cannot process every
science fiction movie I've ever seen it
once um have you heard the soundtrack is
out there for the original solaris movie
not the not the remake not the pet the
George Clooney remake or who remade
Solaris I don't know who made it I know
George Clooney was in it he was in the
remake okay the soundtrack is out there
for the original solaris and if you're
into kind of minimalistic atmospheric
creepy stuff it's really cool
sci-fi soundtracks you know Tron we've
talked about tron legacy soundtrack yes
from yeah tron legacy is grateful tron
legacy soundtrack it's looking good
their problems really like classic
fucking sci-fi movies and Adam rates on
track i'm not thinking of them right now
and i feel bad about it you know Oh II
actually what it's by turki Tarkovsky's
solaris baller is fuckas my rich are you
okay yeah i actually just walked over to
my DVD little rack her I'm looking my
science fiction movies trying to think
about it okay well there you go well
yeah I guess back back to the future as
a fine some of that on its own yeah
Terminator has an effective soundtrack
an effective soundtrack yes cheap and
effective all right i'll take that I
have enough health now where I'm gonna
switch to move back to my hammer I think
ooh a new car the Royal treasure eyes
glinting from here mm-hmm what's what's
in the rails Treasury I don't know gold
weapons I've never got the royal
treasury I don't think oh but you get
that one for there's a token at stake I
don't know where I got the rise I'm not
that you just ran across it I see I said
the new card in the depths those are in
the depths of the deepest cave in the
remote wilderness you stumble upon the
Old Kings fabled treasure chamber legend
claims that it is filled with treasure
collected over 100 years but guarded by
a plethora of lethal spells and traps
only the bravest or most foolish would
enter hahahahahaha Jack yeah you need to
you need to clear your throat out yo son
you sound really horse yeah just some
water oh I'm really sorry about that
oh ok oh yeah you know what it happens
sometimes I mean obviously I'm gonna
attempt to reach your treasure but first
I'm going to refill my glass I'll be
right back in two seconds okay two
seconds Phil Phil fibers I'm going time
I just sent over a link you can click on
that if you want it's related to what
we've been talking about when
soundtracks whatnot I'm just go I'm just
gonna let this be dead air here we go
deader starting now did you do it did
you feel time no I just I just light
blue wind into the microphone okay oh
fun fun UV says red letter rich yeah
please tell Jack to turn away or his run
will be over ooh but I know when Jack
terms means let's do it well I mean I
this is the first time getting this card
I already have a good number of tokens
so already the run has been a success so
we're gonna we're gonna give a try I
have the hammer equipped I was gonna
give it a try no matter what oh my god
oh my god what happens huge failure okay
damn it blades from all directions cut
you to ribbons you managed to drag your
broken body back to the entrance where
you rest for several days trying to heal
you I now have a max of 35 health
that's terrible no I i hit the one
warning signs yeah falling one no I came
out of that event with literally one of
one health my axles was one and the
funny thing is I almost got out of that
alive I almost be the queen of skulls
almost like I it was like one person
left it like hit a spike oh no I almost
pulled it off one of one health I owe a
pre-shot I might be able to remove a
curse I only have 60 coin though I only
have 60 coin I should have hunkered down
you're right Elvis I'm so sorry I did
that I didn't know what to expect I I
mean can I remove my curse oh I can
remove the deeper you go the harder
things become god damn it I can't afford
any of these blessings I have food let's
get out of here all right hey dick dick
news we'll just posted a link to on
YouTube to the prices right failure tuba
do my proper bra
that happens sometimes I'm going to see
what it contains I'm treasure chest
failure god damn it I can't keep track
of these damn cards uh cge 1138 says
jack does it feel like the games too
easy but they increase the difficulty
artificially with random events um
random events are part of the game but I
don't think so i've had some of the
coming depends on who you're what you're
encountering uh like like the Rat Man
because their corpses turned poisonous
like a large group of rat men will fuck
my day this that I've done I fed counter
at combat encounters over pretty hard
you know it was it's it's one of those
things where that this is something we
were talking about when we were talking
with Tom about like the difference
between like a binding of isaac run and
a spelunky run mhm when you have
randomly generated items and rooms and
enemies there are some games like an
Isaac or like an FTL or like hand of
fate where you're gonna have a shit run
you know okay and I think there is a big
lock element to this game whereas in
spelunky you can get through any
scenario in spelunky like you will never
have that shit run only your shit
reflexes and I'm okay with just having a
bad string of luck I guess see I don't I
don't look at the cards as being
artificial difficulty for the combat I
look at the cards as a way to make what
was essentially just the Arkham Asylum
combat challenges it's a way to make
that or interesting yeah yeah if this
were just the combat in colors I think
this is a really dull yes agreed agreed
the cards do give you something
interesting to to hang on nice
I want equipment
rich tales from the darkside or monsters
well well monsters was the cheap version
of tales from the darkside but tales
from the darkside was the cheap version
of The Twilight Zone so between the 2
i'm gonna have to go at the dark side
because monsters is like EE cheap Wow
but twilight zone above all all twilight
zone above all you go Rod Serling you go
yes stranger in the shadows oh no I will
not let you have my blood for money sir
vampire do you have that a library game
yeah include an element you do have it
unlocked yeah and definitely don't some
oh no I only have 35 pounds i want to
say he take well 40 you know each 10 at
a time by bright eyes no but sometimes
he'll take more you know like sometimes
you like the look random card damn do
you like video game lore depends upon
what game you're talking about FIFA's
great for defense and great Laura the
order 18-6 286 not not so much no you
know what not so much I think you know
I'll take that back order 1886 does have
some half-decent lure they just didn't
know anything with it yeah yeah the
order 1886 had some really interesting
ideas and premises that had never ever
delivered up this is a serious business
the Dracula is using the werewolves so
he can be Jack the Ripper this is
serious business very well discussion
about it open that door by hitting x
hahaha yeah here's skellington looked
into the lure of dishonor I decided as a
game I need to fully get into it like I
said I i like my sauce so far it but i
like it mostly because it just reminds
me of thief so much it it does thief
better than the thief reboot did so i
want to get dishonored now that i have a
computer that can run it right it's one
of those things I'm going to get around
to eventually sure but from what I
played I did like the the dishonored
lore hmm great same play very much
though someone has a very important
question wrench which was worse the
order 1886 or the underworld film series
and the answer is the order 1886 is far
worse than the underworld film series
because in the underworld film series we
get to see Kate Beckinsale in a skin
tight outfit I'm not very familiar with
the underworld series I never bother to
watch the Maurice that look kind of
stupid yeah but it looks like they at
least have more fun with the concept of
vampires and where you get to see
vampires and werewolves fight and the
werewolf hunter fight both the vampires
in the world well it's fun no it's very
fun it's a no it's not they're not good
movies but but you know that's what you
get sometimes ok Katie K JTB ate his
wrench the guys who made thief 1 and 2
are kick starting a new game and it's
reached its target and has a few days
left underworld ascendant I gonna have
to check that out it's gonna what favor
underworld I mean scrolled up underworld
ascendance
I'm gonna have to check that out I I
literally his first time I've ever heard
of this I know nothing about it know
what I mean I thank you mind thank you
for bringing this thing to my attention
yeah that's my stuff looked into all not
for a second underworld descendants it
might be like lightning in a bottle
though I don't know that deep world is
just so perfect to be the floor is great
yeah yeah yeah they have a fucking order
of religious guys with with hammers the
sledgehammers they use sledgehammers as
a weapon not not swords or shields they
just swing a giant fucking sledgehammer
at you say they're like they're like a
masonry themed religion I would be part
of I would be part of that order I
worked the owners on games I'll i fuckin
love with the hammers the heretical
underworld ascendant underworld
ascendant not d sentence
underworld ascendant is the name of it
was the world underworld ascendant which
is by the creators of Ultima Underworld
I think yeah hey i thought what was that
an early looking class might have been
yeah yeah yeahs way so is that the thief
things is that the one I think that is
yeah I forgot I forgot they did Ultima
Underworld yeah wow I made a lot of
money oh it's an RPG series rich mmm
hold you later I'll read that and see
what it's all about sure so okay I have
some gold now is there a way you can
look at the deck there's not
which one of the I think this was the
priests yes call for the priest okay
here we go I've never backed a
Kickstarter I'm scared that's okay then
two then just don't then just they do it
they made their goal so wait for the
game to come out and then you can just
buy the game I I would understand that I
think I i personally have backed
Kickstarter's that have never come to
full fruition or you know that have been
successful but i didn't receive yeah
then he didn't see the end result I
didn't see the end result and and it
hurts uh it's a kick in the balls but
you know that's what happens sometimes
when's the next best of the worst I
don't know what kind of shape it's in
right now I assume I assume it's
currently being edited yes I also assume
that I could not give you an ETA I don't
know where I don't know where that is
rich auto man or minimal totally auto
man i'm not going to tell you look it up
all right many of these blessings are
too good for the likes of you
food great we are doing great rich can I
name can you name off some Kickstarter's
that you've regret back and there was a
Kickstarter that I backed a while ago it
was it was probably the first
Kickstarter I backed and it was for some
band was doing an album or something I
forget it was like a little band that I
enjoyed and they were doing an album and
one of the tears was that you would get
a vinyl copy of the album with signature
and it was accomplished they were
putting together compilation album and
then and the tier I back then I promised
that I would get a signature from all of
the bands on a copy of the vinyl record
and I was like oh that seems really
needed some of the bands i really
enjoyed and so I was like oh I want this
I want this tchotchke you know like this
physical item I don't even have a record
player but I wanted the physical
tchotchke with all the the the signed
things yeah and the guy who's running
the Kickstarter got ahold of me
eventually and it was just like I
couldn't I couldn't get the signatures
really oh and it's like didn't you
record all of these bands like also
wasn't your band one of them that were
recording are you telling me you
couldn't get your own band to sign the
album is is this how little effort
you've put into this um and the guy just
straight up was like so like do you want
your money back or what I was like
absolutely give me my money I you
dickhead
it was just like of course majors have
their own room it was it was it was like
the simplest thing whereas like pass
along the album to the people you know
but that was the biggest example I also
backed not like I regret it because
they're still working on it I backed
this piece of software that can take
vocal recordings and transfer them to
MIDI instrument tuning so you could hum
a song and have it play on a piano on
your computer and its really neat in
like the bait is that they've been
putting out have been really cool and
working really well but they're working
on it very slowly so I don't regret it
but it's just coming along a lot slower
than i would have liked yeah yeah
but soon what what I don't know you know
what I don't know and you know like I
did back the Double Fine adventure
Kickstarter but I did might actually
come out so part one came out and parts
too they are working on but you should i
submit to you that being able to watch
all of the making of videos that
two-player productions have been
producing has been worth for the whole
kickstarter watching watching them
watching the creative process of them
make the game has been amazing i would
have paid just to watch but because
you've seen the behind-the-scenes stuff
with that yeah what happened what's the
story right originally the kickstarter
was for like 14,000 or something right i
mean is pretty low yeah and they got
like millions yeah so what was the
problem why is the why are they barely
able to make make this game well part of
the problem is you know most of the
money went to physical rewards you know
so like for example you know so many
like half of that million dollars just
went to the money it would take to print
t-shirts and print posters and make the
billy d's you know like yeah absolutely
because it costs money to you know make
dvds and print posters oh sure sure and
so it's like so then you have to like
you know cut the amount of money in half
right because that all just goes to
physical rewards then you add to that
the them wanting to get the game on as
many platforms as promised as possible
which takes a little more time means you
need a bigger team then you have on top
of that the real key to all this is tim
schafer's incredible ability to
mismanage money yeah so that's nothing
new right that's
no that's nothing new but that was the
problem with brutal legend yeah that was
in development for a comically long time
if I remember and so imagine them like
not having anyone with the checkbook
telling him no and and that that was the
real problem actually I think they
brought that up a little bit in one of
the videos where like their producer was
like I'm now taking a bigger role as
because you need to you need to get
better hmm which he should've been doing
from the third part in the first place
what do you think the future holds for
double fine after this that's a good
question I think I think once the
kickstarter is done and they can start
working on games again i don't know i
don't know but the kickstarter was to
work on games right I heard they just
laid a ton of people good day yeah i
mean that's quite possible i don't know
i've also heard like really bad things
about their adventure game the broken
age broken a gym hmm the whole the whole
reason like that they made this was to
harken back to the good old days of
point-and-click adventure games yeah and
people are calling it like the worst
aspects of modern day ipad adventure
games like wow far too easy under you
know like just being tuned not much of
anything you know so
well I know what's what's gonna happen
is there they're gonna run out of money
and Tim Schafer is gonna slap together a
psychonaut sequel that everyone is going
to buy again even though it's going to
be terrible I couldn't tell you what
it's called ah but I heard that the
people who did maniac mansion knocked
tim schafer for the first one the first
original maniac mansion they just had a
Kickstarter to do a game of that in that
style didn't didn't didn't double find
help him make the cave what's his name
oh god I don't know him nuts him Dave
for I don't know doesn't matter let's
see here at the start of each combat a
random opponent is highlighted if that
creature is the first to die then it
pops out five gold which the player may
collect right
no one bought psychonauts in the first
place exactly so now it's one of those
like psychonauts is one of those like
one is one of those like quote unquote
hidden gems now which I don't agree with
I don't much give a sec announced but
people recognize the name so it'll have
it'll make money with sure that's what's
gonna happen Ronnie over thank you Ron
Gilbert the guy who / spun says Double
Fine cancelled an undisclosed game and
laid off 12 people wow yeah wow they
might be on the way how it oh yeah yeah
because they put their creative in
charge of their finances yeah yeah I'm
gonna feel bad I like I do i still like
tim schafer hmm i do but yeah well and
you know what he has there you're
supposed to work together the the the
creative and the suit are supposed to
work together the creative says I want
to do everything and bounce on the moon
with a pogo stick made of cheese and
there's just the CIA's settle down what
he's gonna finish it on I was going I
was gonna go on a comic kind of ran but
finisher I'm done I'm done you know
you're not yet I can't I can't no I feel
too bad I ruined your comic rent some a
jerk he was bouncing soon you can shave
her you're just waiting for me to talk
that's fine I deserve it I actually
deserve it uh no Tim Schafer I mean he's
creative but was it ever really you know
his gameplay design that was fun about
him where was it his writing you know I
mean he could write interesting
characters yeah I think that was it it
was just his writing but was he ever ya
ain't really one totally in charge of
gameplay itself I I don't know no but
he's like he's like the lead creative
and so like he comes up with like the
overarching idea other people worry
about gameplay
mechanics other people worry about
actually coding the game all he usually
figures out is the story but they put
they still put him in charge of the
entire company you know oh yeah yeah
right well they didn't put him he put in
when he he started the company sure
psychonauts is so fucking overrated I
really did not enjoy psychonauts it's
it's a it's a it had really fun
characters but every level was a
tutorial level and you never got to use
then you never got to use the things you
learn to new levels because you are
learning a new way to deal with the next
level I did not care for me but I know
many people did and I and hopefully that
doesn't take away from your enjoyment of
it get out of here
ratman my room I reasoning for bringing
up the fact that Tim Schafer's writer
first actual game play designer second
it's more to do with the fact that some
of the games that double fine has made
have made I've been a little bit lacking
in the game department yeah i mean i
like i like for alleged more than most
people do a lot of people think in a bad
game good writing that's a great again
now people are apparently complaining
about the game design of broken age
which i haven't touched it i'm waiting
for the second part core even touch it
so you know i mean yeah ya know and I I
agree with that by the way it's hard to
be shocked about those things that's
like that's my only real point yeah i
still love those characters he made you
know i mean that's i'm not i'm not
taking away from that aspect of things
we just can't be shocked when the games
you made all him are lacking you know
Tiberius Kirk brings up a really good
comparison which is George Lucas yes
whereas in a writer in a as a person who
just has an idea he's great like he
comes up with an idea and if you put
other people at the helm of the actual
production of the movies that he has the
genesis of they turn out fantastic but
if he's 100-percent in charge of them
abysmal squid a brutal legend is the
shit and anyone who thinks otherwise is
a poser now i really like real legend
whoa but the game feels unfinished it
feels like there's a missing third act
and he worked on that goddamn game for
years like I remember reading about that
game like five years before I came out
or something something ridiculous
so he's not good he's Tim Schafer is not
good at getting shit done and you know I
think like having seen the
behind-the-scenes stuff I think the one
person who would agree with me on this
is tim schafer but I think he's very
aware of his shortcomings I should not
have gone no you should not that's razor
rich I hate the blue beside the video
treasure cave thing that you're doing
nowadays with traps the maze of traps I
always lose more hell that is less than
it's worth it yes cuz it's like minus 10
for every hit you take is it yeah yeah
Josh I'm down but really I only have 35
max help at this point so it's like I'm
dead I'm dead at any point event you've
had 35 max health for a while you cut
that out come on time heal what does
this do during con Richard Howell Wright
in forward to twist in the right hands
rich what game do you like that everyone
hates I don't know if they hate it but
it didn't get very much attention at all
vanquish I fucking love Aegwynn came out
nobody talked about it people complained
about the story and the best the best
action yet one of the best action games
ever made people complain that the story
wasn't convoluted enough
I already have a ring you find space
freshens that's so cheesy it's supposed
to be cheesy it's an excuse to have a
very fun action game there is no
medicine stronger than time rich why
don't you like kotor I just don't care
about kotor because i don't care about
the star wars universe Star Wars is a
great movie so is the Empire Strikes
Back the star wars universe kind of a
shitty thing
the plunderers right yes I agree you
agree with you
what what you're right dick neutral I
would I would love some aspirin right
now but I'm already back at full 35
health so I need I need to raise my max
health it this is a little little crazy
cusp casper says people complain about
the story but then praise games like the
order the this story in the order is
just such okay we got a whole we got a
whole big video coming out about that
rich isn't i know i know the video is
coming out but i'm just gonna say you
know yeah that story yeah if it were a
fun action game it'd be fine mm-hmm but
it's not a fun action game and they
treated so so seriously ah Jesus Christ
mm-hmm that's really true rich they they
treat that story incredibly seriously if
you want to judge the order 1886 bites
story go ahead you tell me how good that
story it's they did know there is
praised out there for the order rich and
I had looked up the reviews after we got
done with our discussion because we
don't like looking at that stuff
beforehand you know we don't want anyone
elses opinions to taint hours Metacritic
gives it a 6.5 which you know like
that's not great but there are some
people who are giving this game an eight
or a nine yeah then yes shocking
shocking yeah and I don't care that like
six is bad for IGN six is still will c
plus the only person make it good oh I
was just gonna say horse neigh keep
going all I really the worst I saw was
from electronic gaming monthly which I
didn't even know was still a thing
because they canceled their physical
magazine but electronic gaming monthly
give you something like a
two out of ten it's like yes that's
exactly what it was worth sorry you go
ahead now that's fine that's fine you
make a game that's you know experienced
before gameplay yeah and I'm sure you
agree and the experience is terrible
yeah that's that's unforgivable yeah
fuck yeah it's a mood setting game Elvis
we're gonna have words more notice
boring the move the mood is
disappointment this is something I don't
think we've remembered to say during the
review but I mean if the order were a
movie if you judge it like a movie the
pacing is terrible haha it's so slow
it's really true a six-point a 6 out of
10 is a D on a high school grading scale
a 65 is an F yeah but that's not like a
6 out of 10 is better than half like I
guess I don't know how their scales work
scales are dumb I hate number I hate
number rankings because they get into
confusing stuff like this
hey rich it's like a vanquish richest
wait wait there's an important question
have any game companies tried to bribe
you for a positive review if so what
game companies don't even know we exist
code I'm fine with that redlettermedia
fans barely know we exist come on by by
the way here's here's what i will tell
you guys officially if a game company
ever tries to bribe us with anything i
will tell you immediately because it'll
be a funny story i think i was reluctant
to do what what was that what was that
last for access from called that that
space space civilization uh beyond Earth
beyond Earth I was real anything with
beyond Earth because I said with a
t-shirt she will yeah and they sell you
the t-shirt because we did the excom
streams and yeah because we did XCOM
stream it had nothing to do with beyond
you know earth but Rob's like act that
probably we probably shouldn't do this
game now because could look weird Brian
how much would it take to bribe you I
mean I guess not much we're fresh
pricing my little back there huh how are
they not the acquiring of power the
retaining our crown dark dweller most
import thing Chi died in this guy last
time ever you had the tentacle monster
yet yeah that's a way around just just
go back turn around right flee oh yeah
and it's a dead end
I can just play back the way I came
under need them i'm gonna need to borrow
your every way your capture device your
greatest showman so one of these sundays
i really want to stream banquet okay
knowing i got actually a second capture
device oh really because the one doesn't
work with max so i will give you the one
that doesn't work with maxim that sounds
perfect yeah i thought this day might
come and one one that does work with max
was on sale so okay okay good good good
good good good yeah i totally i totally
want a serene things like sukin okay
look more cards if you can defeat yes
they're saying yes stream Bank works
vanquish oh no several dead adventurers
lie underneath piles of stones before
you don't bother yeah and by the way I'm
not trying to I'm not going to bother
trying to get this treasure fuck that
treasure I'm getting out of here
surprise portal warning signs did you
skip warning signs some of you skip
warning signs Jen and watching okay its
crypt worries i'm not going on through
that well you know what it might be
worth it just to unlock the token and be
done with it well sure I suppose that's
too late now too late now yeah I'm out
of here
wait what did that surprise portal do I
wasn't paying attention I was just
hitting buttons cut damn it i think it
reshuffles cards takes you to a new
stage okay great let's get out of here
and I think it's like an automatic
unavoidable stairs oh okay are you rich
are you any good at vanquish up decent
vanquish I i if i do it first dream it's
gonna have been like a you know you're
maybe not quite a year since i played it
last so i'll probably rusty is all
fucking hell but I've never been able to
know death on it but I'm not gonna have
to that's good rich are you sick of
playing plink it talegaon wants to know
no the black no tech delivered it's not
like it's not like it's all I do seven
days a week right do you understand he
comes out every now and then he's not
even on every half of the bag patron to
the plate before you up bad
I got the ride the only okay uh war
truck says the only real problem with
vanquish is that it's too short you know
vanquish is just the right length cuz
it's very very replayable game I can I
can play that from start to finish it
has a fairly long sitting but you know
what it can't be done and I think that's
a good length for a fun action game
I need food
I got a tough choice ahead of me rich
now it's simple ask for food cat food
you need to know what they think of the
last of us I'm reluctant to play a game
that puts story ahead of gameplay having
recently played a triple a title that
puts story in front of gameplay I i'm
going to say no I'm not ever going to
play it a lot if it's lots of suitable
cut scenes and richer your kind of good
cheer whistle amo ok I mean that game
just looks multi it's just a little girl
you have a little girl protect a little
girl yeah no no I i I'm not because of
the order i am not i'm just not i'm just
not because of the order yeah I know
Richards cutting out it's fine I don't
care if it's nothing like the order it's
it's a story heavy game light game and
I'm done with those so it's just
uncharted without the adventure and
platforming so then it's nothing
there's a token in it for you if you win
ooh the river if I wanna if I want to
watch a movie I'll watch a movie I mean
you you could have a good story in a
game but you'd have a good game in your
game to it because there are other
mediums that handle storytelling better
movies books plays storytelling there's
a balance i mean i know i love no more
heroes because the story is just very
fun the gameplay is not bad the game
plays you know it's great just wacky
sort around how much people and then you
get a great cutscene at the end of that
but i don't know if i want to play some
really just bland third-person cover
based shooter again Tyrone sloth rob
says jack I hate it when you judge books
by their covers and you do it very often
that's what covers are for their four
judges judge if if you you know if you
if you take that that philosophy tool
its extreme you have to buy and play
every single game that ever comes out
right and that should get some splits is
you cannot you cannot judge any and I
don't I'm not going to judge the last of
us because I've never played it it looks
like something I would not be into so
why would i want to i could be
pleasantly surprised sure but i'm gonna
come in from a negative place because it
looks like something I'm not going to be
into so I'm just not going to and i
gotta say historically i have not like
naughty dog games oh it's but it's made
by naughty dog I'm uh oh oh then
definitely not no fuck those I know the
kind of games they make then no
definitely not
that's all you can do is look at the the
you know the trailers and gameplay
available and make a decision and you
know the last of us never grabbed me
yeah it's called precedent it's much
easier to judge similar titles and
elements based on precedent of similar
titles and Allen's you're right and that
is judging I suppose is judging i don't
know it's it's tough I'm judging I guess
I don't know who cares I'm not going to
play it I'm not ever going to play the
lasso us this is not going to happen

[Part III]
this is a real thing that's not going to
happen stop type perfect that's right
why nots I'm dead rising love it dead
risings great I'm played the third one
which just looks like they took the Dead
Rising formula and found a way to make
it bland at least at least visually that
game looks really blend the first two
dead rising games I mean for zombie game
really colorful mm-hmm third one looks
like it takes place in a brown and gray
wasteland oh but I really liked the
first one because Frank West is amazing
not amazing it's pretty fun I mean not
amazing I wasn't I wasn't that fond of
the main character in the second one is
his characterization was I have a
daughter whoa I have a daughter oh how
we care about him because he's got a
little girl the voter little girls I
have a rescue my daughter rich somewhere
along the road i lost my god damn hammer
I'm sorry jack but shit happens I it's
upsetting because I don't know where I i
was reading the chat and not reading
what the man was telling me damn it
god damn it Tyrone sloth riiii I'm
pretty decent a dead rising myself he
said he's a dead rising pro dead rising
won multiple complete run throughs where
I'd be in all the bosses and saved all
the survivors and completed the story
mode I know I've done a no death run
where I got the the st. achievements you
know III don't think I was able to quite
rescue everybody though some reason in
dead rising I can never manage to save
the coward it's one of the villains it's
one of the little submissions in dead
rising guy you gotta rescue and he's
kind of afraid and yeah he's really hard
to get back to the safe house cuz he
just wants to run away and cower I've
never managed to save him and all of the
other survivors who needed to be saved
around that same time but I've had some
pretty good Dead Rising one runs myself
I'm just not crossing this river i ah
fuck now give fuck
everything is terrible everything is
terrible it's fine it's all fine
what cookie clicker they're saying we
should play cookie clicker rich what do
you think play what cookie clicker and
you wanna play cookie clicker I don't
know what fucking liquor is what it's
like a business like a bejeweled you
play whatever the fuck you want go ahead
coop I could we go quickly go oh that's
that's another thing about dead rising
kooky clear somebody said dead rising is
hard yeah that's that's what's great
about a dead rising one has some really
strict time limits and it's it's
extremely hard to rescue everybody dead
rising two is along the Rockies honey at
plenty of time save everybody and it's
very easy to escort them back to the
safe house Dead Rising ones challenge
cuz you weren't supposed to get enough
done and then it just barely enough time
to save everybody and complete the story
of dead rising life
good night gonna die aight just let it
happen no let it happen is so easy to
see what happens chaudhary let's go
quietly in the dark knight nope not
today nothing right now
rage rage at the dying of the light
cannot settle into that dark night whoa
rich got a poetry slam on your yes
getting a little real up in here
hahahaha he's throwing fucking fire in
that's the the fire blister yeah I
thought I'd kill them all oh there's one
various there's to fire mr. know there's
like thorns are there for fire ones in
this enough yeah oh my god yeah I think
I Stella from off-screen fucking dying
fuck
roll away damn it all away
nope nope rolling away god damn this
fire lizard is still why he dies so hard
to fight on the constant struggle so
easy just let go let nature do not
helping I fucking did it I fucking
garbage in it hmm that's that's what
this game does that's rewarding is what
it is it's fucking rewarding ah I was
great
his frog fractions to out already this
is the same when you know what you're
getting into part of the fun with that
was Jack had no idea when we started
yeah when we did frog fractions one
everything everything was new you didn't
know it was gonna be this crazy mind
fuck yeah how do you carry that on when
you know the sepal has to be a crazy
mind fuck they they fuck with you
knowing that they're fucking with you or
I am like hopefully they can bring it to
that next level I mean did it does
matter frog fractions one was so what
what's the next level from mine fuck of
the nevermind fuck no you know what the
next level is what the next level is
just making a straight game that was
like frog fractions not not having not
having the craziness happen I think I
think that would piss everybody who
donated to their Kickstarter I think
they had a Kickstarter for too much yup
scum yeah would it really would do that
it would be the bad kind of fucking with
that it would make people angry at them
a challenge for you under token if you
succeed ooh whilst sleeping at an inn
you jolt awake to find a bandit rifling
through your belongings you are quick to
your feet weapon ready in hand the
Bandit laughs clearly drunk easy there
princess spare an apple would you
there's a good lad he stands uneasily
clutching a stolen apple and some coins
you grabbed his arm and protest and earn
a punch to the face looks like Nancy
hair wads of fight the Bandit laughs
again spits at your feet and turns to
leave oh fuck yeah I'm going to attack
the thieving bandit
um with a practice swing you execute him
a surprise gasp in his last is the last
time he makes suddenly the room fills
with the bandits lackeys oh shit all
right wait wait oh you're doing asleep
at the end yeah and okay you're not
gonna get the coin oh do I get the coin
if I let him go by taking abuse yes oh
fuck dad it stole my shit he stole my
shit I don't spit at me you won't you'll
never get the token that well now I know
how to get it okay that that goes from
the forest will be unhappy with you yeah
yep yep well then you don't get your
token that's fine don't bitch at me what
a game okay when a game about kicking
ass there's general rule general rule
everybody should be aware of what a game
about kicking ass gives you the peace
option and they've never given you the
peace option before they're up to
something and you might want to consider
taking the peace option
stop throwing shit I'm you stop it you
dick yeah hit everybody in the head with
your hammer that the sudden game
suddenly stops and says you are not this
person in the head with a hammer they're
they're up to something you're right my
pride was worth more than that token
what dude spit at me whatever i got my
fucking token you turn hoping to find a
washbasin and find yourself once again
in the presence of the ghost from the
forest its eyes so familiar so real
compared to its shifting body look at
look at you in fear you took their lives
so easily are you already lost remember
who you are who you were I have lingered
too long in this place it drains me so
do not fuck it me and the ghost is gone
ok we'll see now I know now I know that
that's how I get the coin and that's how
one would learn in a game like this wait
how do i get collecting data loves the
ghost voice by the way yeah so too so
does Lucian Corvin there's other people
people like the ghost voice great i'm
trying i know you guys in general like
my voice is so I do try to bust out some
new voice season in the animal kingdom
with every character every character
gets a voice I try to make them do it
doesn't always happen Tiberius Kirk says
okay this game is 30 years newer than
space quest and yet Jack still has to
make the voices yeah but hasn't hasn't
that enhance the experience just know
how can you complain about that if this
game had voices you would never have
gotten Jack's ghost voice I think about
that think about that you know if this
game was a bigger title it might have
had a little more
is acting I'm trying to help it out here
what do ghosts do when they fall exactly
what do we do when we fall we pick
ourselves up tree tree bra creations
just wants you to kill this guy and take
his fucking cards I don't think I can I
think that might be the the arty farty
of the game I think the arty farty at a
game rich here's here's the question
yeah is the last boss of the game him
ooh problem I mean probably but you you
say ooh like you you didn't think of
that until now I haven't I don't you cuz
I don't usually I'm just worried about
what's what's right ok ok I have no idea
I have not got to the end yet but I
predict there's gonna be a battle with
this guy who that could be that could be
I I like the endless mode of this game
you know with all of his little quips
it's it's clear that like he keeps
saying stuff like I'm using your own
memories in the cards and you know like
doesn't this all seem very familiar
almost as if like hold on Targo the SAT
year the font or go Torgo the set cheer
thank you for subscribing I very much
appreciate it where I I see this as kind
of a purgatory simulation right like
you've spent your whole life fighting
and now you're doomed to endlessly fight
right onto my next adventure
lose one blessing but get out of here
you inspire way we play this game you
can you desire that we reset the board
each time one last tune travelling
Tinkler's the travelling Tinkler he's
much worse than the traveling a tinkerer
he pees on you but I have money again
with the deep analysis i know i like
looking at the arty farty stuff it's fun
usually when there's some arty farty
stuff it means someone actually thought
about the game for example the order
1886 I can't think of any arty farty
symbolism in that sward every I drew up
his ability or some good cards here I
still have the thing that means
oh no I lost that sorry good no I was to
never say as or aunt says um what is the
most arty-farty game you've ever played
the most are diverting most arty-farty
game you've ever played oh Jesus I
haven't played it but I'm just gonna say
shadow of the colossus because I'm sure
that's 20 30 40 game that's ever been
made right am i right I mean right
that's pretty it's pretty out there the
Colossus is as symbols of loss before
you're dead beloved it could be fighting
got fighting the demons yeah that's
pretty that's pretty already um as far
as straight up already farty yes I see a
lot of you already saying braid and you
know braid is just too on-the-nose braid
doesn't hide any of its arty-farty pneus
therefore it is not the arty farty 'used
game wait wait wait wait wait why can't
something be arty farty unless is hidden
white because then there's it because
then it's blatant that still doesn't
mean it's not already farty that takes
some of the fun out of it for me doesn't
it doesn't that take some of the fun out
of it like trying to decipher it okay
like in braids there are large blocks of
text that just say like don't you wish
you could turn back time to get your
beloved back where it's like oh yes
that's the gameplay mechanic duh you
don't need to tell me that the braid I'm
gonna go there some of the chat said
mass effect 3 i'm gonna i want to make a
point that mass effect 3 is fake
arty-farty mass effect mass effect is a
not very arty farty at all series that
they had a arty-farty ending grafted
onto where it had no business being
because they thought they needed to be
arty farty suddenly
yeah it's like it's like Frankenstein's
a game Frankenstein's ending it's like
it's like return of the jedi suddenly
suddenly sprouted a 2001 a Space Odyssey
tumor Oh wanna equip that more than
anything I am proud of my array of
kisses I like this hero remain this
hero's remains one I gave it i wouldn't
i wouldn't recommend keeping the weapon
the Sun no God no no I'm I'm returning
them unless you can afford to have the
cursor move do you buy a shop that will
do that no I'm by the tinkerer oh he
does not remove curses but i'm here
already and i can return his stuff
already so it's cool it's cool i get the
bonus is real easy return the hero sword
yep return the hero she i will miss the
shield the shield is cool rich are there
any games you expected to absolutely
hate and that you ended up loving yeah
Mass Effect one hi do you remember
that's typically not a fan of RPGs oh
sure sure that me because of because of
JRPGs it's like I I avoided the John rub
completely for many years and then I
didn't even remember why the fuck I
played mass effect one it's just I got I
saw so many fucking ads for mass effect
to him like i'll fuck it i'll give this
thing a shot because of the ads the
adder the end is this because was
saturated i carly couldn't avoid mass
effect 2 it was like I've saw ads
everywhere and then just by happenstance
I saw a copy of Mass Effect one it was
like five bucks so that you know I was
like nothing so yeah fucking I'll see
what I'll see what is what all this
fucking hype is about
and I picked it up and I loved it so I
expected to hate mass effect 1 all right
there you go
why better I make sure my passport is in
order it's because I'm going to die fuck
by the way I am going to die get the
fuck out of here bones 90 says a
previously recorded live hey what do you
think is the order 1886 of video games
outside is definitely not only order
1886 because that is not a video game
does it have to be a video game get out
of here to get out of here what do you
love about Mass Effect one rich well
it's hard to enjoy it now because three
really did retro actively kind of sour
the series everything in one just feels
depressing though but the story the
characters that the universe is really
fun the depth of that universe is taking
your ship and just basically just like
Star Trek you just explore the fucking
galaxy what's not that mood over there
let's find out I want to see what's out
that because I can I could do whatever I
want and some well written characters
and the fact that they put you in the
story where you had so much control over
what you said and did you had so much
player agency unlike the order 1886 then
it was just it was just great fucking
goblins
fucking goblins
night actor Jam he's out what time is it
how later we going we haven't gone that
way that way I'll was only 11 well
what's it what's the game that did what
the order 1886 was trying to do right no
game should do what the order 1886 did
no game should do that huh um it's an
extended cut scene with button prompts
and the most plan third-person shooter
segments I've ever seen in my entire
fucking life no game should do that no
Oscar for be able to do right because
it's a shit formula yep I think I agree
on a similar note we're gonna get off
the order rich and Jack do you think
alien isolation could be fixed
absolutely make it let's make it four
hours long yep make it shorter and and
take out community you need to take out
a lot of the nostalgia pandering if you
made alien isolation outside of the
alien universe I think it could be a lot
better take a lot of those same gameplay
elements but take them out but up bring
them outside of the
I don't know what you're talking about
what what what bring what outside of the
aliens universe what really why
understanding how this is going to make
the experience better because I think
that was one of our complaints oh you
mean not being able to be afraid I see
see here's my thoughts on it would be
fine as a short nostalgia trip I just
embraced that true it just it shouldn't
be 20 fucking hours long this is not
enough content to be fun for 20 hours
sure all right yeah yeah just just give
me a yeah let me run around the stromal
for a bit that's that's that's amusing
that's install Jake I'm done with it
I've always sure no but I'm Todd like if
you want to make it a straight-up horror
game the alien isolation without alien
is just amnesia right and amnesia I was
scared at things so you see I actually
played it myself but yeah look like you
and Jay were enjoying that yeah because
there was actual mystery and we did not
know what was going to happen and when
everything was new and I think that was
part of the problem with alien isolation
is like we said in the review like oh
look we're a lien universe how you
thought you can't be scared or surprised
when the facehugger shows up out of the
egg yeah these you know that's going to
happen you know the alien to Wells
bisceglia yeah we play for a token now
also get rid of the button prompts the
devil appears in a puff of smoke and
fixes its evil gaze upon you greetings
oh great I draw this i I don't know this
is because of the lag but that was out
last right or was that a Misha we were
playing with j/o outlast yeah you're
right outlast yeah he Jack meant outlast
I'm sorry you all right I did we me and
Jamie played out last
oh god I can't decline sauna oh it's
it's the devil's wager where oh well you
know you're already at the low health
yeah but it's no no it's a four scales
and a six of scales there's an I just
can't Oh get on doctor I can't do that
so I've tried that at full health and I
still can't do it so they did say Jack
do the double voice again oh so yeah you
kind of interrupted my devil boys I know
I'm sir hey but look there's a demon
traitor now so I get to do the devil
again just because it knew the chat
wanna the devil boys in your dreams one
night you are summoned to a fiery pit
and greeted by a familiar diamond
greetings mortal I am again in need of
spiritual fulfillment trade you another
magical item for it pay to blessings for
a magical item my blessings are pretty
good now um no no blessings if your
blessings are good what do you what
what's Matt what's the magical item
gonna be I don't know but I also get a
token it's gonna be one of those special
power things that run out after a while
versus a 22 blessings that stick around
forever that you would get the token you
would get with you so having shed some
one of the chances do it did it what'd
you get I don't know how long the demons
on the the demon eyes you hungrily it
opens its fiery MA and you feel some
part of your soul dragged into the
hellish abyss the cards token is now
yours tasty the demon exclaims your new
magical item will be sent along to the
mortal realm soon
in the meantime take this old thing draw
one equipment card oh so oh the magical
item is the token every way oh oh oh
medium armor I already have me well I
get the tokenism Jackie say I'll get you
gadget I'll get you catch it does is
that all he says or does he say
something else too I ain't probably
since other things right I don't
remember can I hire you to do a demon's
voice in my D&D; game absolutely
absolutely I work cheap rich and Jack
have either of you ever played Dungeons
and Dragons no not really I have a
couple times yeah um I think we've
actually we might have talking about
this before I tried to get into a group
and the group had been together for a
really long time and I tried to join in
a game and I just wasn't feeling the
group of people I was with uh huh it
seems like like something I would enjoy
in general but I just was not into the
other people i was with because like
they had all known each other for so
long and I was like the new guy was a
friend of a friend so jack is a way hold
on Jack can you say the sixth sheiks
sixth sheep's sick I can't well I can
motherfucker so I go ahead the sixth
sheiks sixth sheep's sick the sixth
sheik's sixth see you can do it a six
the six sheep six sheep you can do it
rich well you see you gotta do it fast
you it's really easy to do the 6th the
6th I can't even sis next the six the
sixth sheiks sixth sheep's 66
oh I can't do it i was gonna say my
answer to the dnd thing was not really
cuz i was it up friend of Mines birthday
party once they kind of have like it had
like an impromptu D&D; thing but I things
fairly informal as far as d and e goes
it was just know like what's lying
around or maps or anything it was just
sitting around like couch okay and I
participated it was like like an hour or
so I know it's extremely briefly that
once and that's why I said not really a
not no not really n no
the sixth sheep's this is the sixth
seeks the sixth sheiks sixth sheep's
sick nice he did it I fucking did it
yeah I mean I was apparently that was
close you almost did it yeah I think D
is one of those games where you need to
have a good group of people with you
need to like have someone who knows what
they're doing to the guy do you along
the way but you know mmm I'm probably
too old for now my after-school activity
was making stupid videos right my
after-school activity was mucky man gets
his
what are the most sides on a dice that
you want I guess I would be died at dice
verbiage I have I have a full collection
I have a full collection of dice
including multiple d20 SD fours z6 is
obviously but what is the largest
probably oh I you know what I might have
addy 30 okay okay those are hard to read
you don't have one of those d100 so I've
seen somewhere no those are ridiculous
and you can't you you just can't you you
can make out the number well at that
point isn't it just the novelty right I
think so I do have a full dice
collection just because you never know
you never know when you're going to need
if you're gonna need some things
ah you come across an injured adventurer
who's battered and bloodied armor tells
you he's seen combat recently asked him
his trouble
oh she had it I gotta fight him Oh God
huge success I did it I did it I did it
could work I got I got a huge success I
don't even know did that thing that you
were doing all right oh shit rich gained
15 max health oh my god this is great
with grateful for that yes I am grateful
for that how many Atari 2600 controllers
did you go through as a kid a few you
know even even even when the Atari 2600
was new and I had one I could still
recognize that it was a piece of shit I
don't I don't have much nostalgia from
that machine first game system I ever
owned but still no nostalgia I mean yeah
it was it was proto there was one game I
was playing on the Atari 2600 I think
was the 2600 saved us there was a few
that were still like the Kaliko whatever
but no the only one had to be the 2600 I
was the only one I owned you could
sometimes the games are like compatible
with other systems it was like really
weird back then hmm so I don't remember
who made the game this game called like
dolphin just dolphin wasn't talking
you'd swirl around you dodged the sharks
yeah you do it you know the press a
button a squeak yeah but here's here's
the thing bunny squeak yeah this is this
is I had an existential crisis as when I
was like seven because I'm playing this
game and I was good enough at this game
called dolphin that I wasn't dying i'm
just going along and along and it was
like going along it along forever and it
was just the same thing jump a sharp
move of the shark jump over the thing
dodge start to move over the shard a
junt think no it wasn't echo this game
it was just called dolphin this well
before echo i was on the genesis it's a
piece of shit on the Atari 2600 but I
just I wasn't dying and it was the same
thing over and over again and it was
like in
affinity it would not end and it just
seems so depressing demands like this is
it just constant swimming through this
thing dad to these sharks and and I just
suddenly became extremely depressed oh
it has to offer you just you just keep
doing this and it's the same thing over
and over again for infinity oh no this
is depressing the lizard men have become
stronger that's terrible jack oh that's
terrible i'm sure you don't die shortly
you're pretty good for only having had
35 home I'm doing this is I this is the
best time this is the furthest i've got
mean I must manually players somebody
posted a link to dolphin and YouTube
there you go I maintain the rule hey guy
you have choices it doesn't look as good
as an adult then your choice Amelia
rediscovery of that maze of traps you
know we've learned not worth it not
worth it mazey traps who the maid in
yoga rich what was your first good game
system what does that mean mr. glitched
the pc goo night i had extremely fond
memories of space quest spacequest Kings
quiz all those old sierra games though
if you really if we have to stay to the
world of the console the nests the nests
all right i like it the nest was better
than the pc and edit you miss it rich
just at that then I did not say the nest
was better than the pc
they said if you you said if you had to
I had to pick a console yeah I wouldn't
say it's better than the pc pc was like
I paired right suck it of that era
that's the question no space quest
alright that's fine that's fine let's
find this fair I guess or whatever how
about that the fine that's fair or
whatever thoughts on the Zelda TV series
for netflix it's not official yet i
don't think i don't care at all because
the zelda games have never been about
story oh the vegas sense they are ya
there's an alpha to try for us in a
princess yep i would i would i'm more
excited to play the new zelda game
that's it so again i can sell this now
doesn't it doesn't matter wake up
sheeple zelda was better than anything
on the pc except for space class the
scott those Sierra adventure games
exercised my brain in a way that the
nest games never did hmm space Christ
was really great it would felt like a
world you could do anything you want
type in what you want to do well that's
great and you could yeah oh that's good
yeah I'm with you um rich yeah tree Rock
creations wife would like to know what
your favorite childhood cartoons were
it's a very important
well I always loved Looney Tunes but the
fuck wouldn't love Louie tombs yeah I
remember GI Joe GI Joe is ok I might why
might why am I just drawing blanks I
want these cartons and you know like why
am I I don't know I don't know I was
gonna say like to me like cartoons hit a
stride when I was a little bit older
like not not childhood cartoons like I
never I never watched like transformers
or any of that stuff just cuz i hadn't i
like the Transformers up until Optimus
Prime died then cuz the only he was the
only character i liked on the show the
second they killed him off I no longer
gave a shit oh sure sure it was like ah
I never watched it the Ninja Turtles mmm
fine you know my love of the Ninja
Turtles mostly comes to the comic books
but I wouldn't have discovered the comic
books without the cartoon so credit
where credit's due and it's like to me
same with GI Joe I never would have
discovered the comic books probably
without the cartoonion to me cartoons
hit like a real stride when like
saturday morning was x-men cartoon
spiderman cartoon the tick cartoon and
eek the cat they were all hot on the
same Saturday and that was a great time
I don't know thank God dog here you're
gonna be sad to hear i hated the
Thundercats really fun really yeah hey
defender case this they're all so
fucking lame oh he's a retard oh they're
all generic they're all stupid I hate
the Thundercats hmm please I'm blaming
the generic hero I power of grayskull I
mean I mean Thundercats ho what was this
thing Thundercats ho Thunder gal
thundercats thundercats a whole one fuck
them i wanted number to win bubba listen
mum row was at least interesting lion-o
was a boring motherfuck
needed a choke on his own shit and die
oh my lord I remember a show called Dino
saucers what Dino sorceress fav to sleep
they were dynasty a humanoid dinosaurs
from space that sounds awesome that
sounds awesome oh hey i get i fall
asleep at the inn again I I get a chance
now rich to lower my weapon the Bandit
looks at you with contempt thought so he
wanders out of your room whistling
tunelessly to himself the driller the
dealer draws you to pain cards what help
how about reboot I'm trying to remember
exactly when reboots started come on
coming out I might have been a little
bit too old to a been a kid I was dead
that woulda been early 90s right yeah
and I was like years away from high
school at that point yeah you were too
old I still like reboot hmm but I
wouldn't say that was from when I was a
child o.o childhood cartoon ghostbusters
the real ghostbusters real ghostbusters
yeah fucking love the real ghostbusters
it's like we didn't we didn't have like
a lot of TV in my house and so for me a
lot of cartoons are early 90s like when
I was a little older so like reboot I
watched reboot ok about that
I was every boot yeah the Ghostbusters
Trump most things when I was a kid no I
sure I hope that is the curse that ends
your quest things are getting crazy now
rich what was that other Ghostbusters
with the ape do you remember that yeah
it was it was because yep the
Ghostbusters didn't have the naming
rights for a cartoon so someone quickly
slapped together a Ghostbusters cartoon
that had nothing to do with the
Ghostbusters movie because they didn't
secure the naming rights well
technically I think when they had the
movie when they made the movie there was
issues I think they ended up getting
permission but they didn't own the name
there was some old I was in a series of
movies was a TV show in the 50s oh maybe
call called the Ghostbusters about these
two just normal guys who would bumble
around investigate ghosts I they do they
have a guerrilla on the old black and
white yeah I think that was like a guy
in a gorilla suit I'm supposed to be the
gorilla and that was that was
technically the first thing to have the
name ghostbusters on it right so when
when they made the cartoon when when the
movie got famous whoever owned the
rights to that old black and white TV
show had the right to the rights the
name ghostbusters so they made that
cartoon based on that TV show so they
have a cartoon called ghostbusters yeah
oh no they just made that cartoon
because of the success of the movie yeah
oh you know what I'm remembering
speaking of i see someone mentioned tiny
toons and that makes me just think of
the animaniacs did you ever watch the
animaniacs yeah but that was I wouldn't
say that was for my childhood though
what's a childhood that's other uh
you're slightly older than I am when I
see usually childhood I'm gonna say like
first decade of your life first two
you're like 12 frame than yours or preet
preet preet slow monism 12
until like 14 preteen okay yes anything
preteen is fine I might have just been
on the cusp for animaniacs I loved
animaniacs Oh mr. Lionel I am negligence
because now I'm thinking about more
shows DuckTales fucking DuckTales was
awesome life is like a hurricane here in
spice lazers aeroplanes it's a duck blur
it's all the mystery rewrite history hey
ducktales woo every day that I've been
having ducktales woo hoo guys this is
really happening rich is really really
singing the ducktales name what about
Chippendales adventures did you watch
that chip and dales adventures the one
where the bear flew the plane what was
that one it was none of them were
ducktales tailspin never oh you oh you
mean not ducktales yeah yeah telltale
spin was a tailspin from dark rum
cocktails no I saw the rescue rangers
that's what it was called yeah
Chippendales of rescue rangers uh Tiny
Toons did the Citizen Kane episode oh oh
god damn it might die soon
26 of playing cards
all right here we go here we go here we
go oh shit
here we go here we go here we go now
getting real rich
this you think modern cartoons are worse
about it i don't like i watch all that
many modern children's cartoons there
are examples of both being someone who
has had to watch some modern children's
programming i think for example phineas
and ferb is better than almost anything
we vent Phineas and Ferb is offense I'm
gonna say better though just on
principle this most then can I was a kid
I was shilling for some kind of lawyer
or another sure yeah now we have people
creating his grew up with charts and
runs
and then we have seen some more
attention to America reversing sandy
danny phantom as a spider-man fan I
could actually appreciate that
but the pinnacle of all animation is
Batman the Animated Series I mean I
think we can all agree
there was no doubt you guys watch
spongebob I hate spongebob you hate
spongebob I think he's annoying and
obnoxious alright that's great I mean
that's fine I I know that's the point I
still think he's annoying and obnoxious
so I like spongebob I'm ok response Bob
I'll watch for some spongebob if it you
know if it's not i watch some spongebob
someone's mentioning courage the
cowardly dog Karen loves courage the
cowardly dog yeah yeah I never
understood courage the cowardly dog I
just never got it he's courage Cowardly
thought a fucking get that caution they
are smarter than the he has true courage
because he he has to overcome his fears
you know
mmm I have I have nothing to say about
courage the cowardly dog
rich is like Squidward I'm just going to
assume that's not very flattering
youryour but you're a joy kill you're a
buzzkill isn't he I'll wait I'm thinking
of that starfish she hangs out with okay
gagin deal I can deal with the squid
yeah yes quick
I like this game a little bit better
when you don't have a shield you just
ignore it I don't have to use it no no
you don't I mean a shield is really
necessary and as the fights go on but
when you don't have a shield you just
need to watch every enemy for their
animation for their attack animation
yeah and it makes it so much more
difficult look up you still go with that
are you still going with that that FF
you with that same you at baseband you
died no I have not died yet I'm on your
aid listen you're at 35 health like an
hour ago yeah no I can smell so now my
max health is at 50 I'm going pretty
strong I have a really neat
quote-unquote curse right now which is
every time I kill an enemy they might
drop a bomb okay but does that actually
damage other enemies too it also damages
other enemy animals out of the way yeah
it's great it's great it's great
everything's great rich do you prefer
arkham asylum or arkham city arkham
asylum for the story city for the
gameplay hmm yeah thnkx city story is a
little bit unfocused they don't know
what the story is gotta stop Hugo
Strange no now you got a dick around
with the Joker for a bit no now you got
a dick around with this carrot with mr.
freeze carpets there's no there's no
solid main story or at least there is
and then they forget about it because
the Joker has to take over everything
never trust them you know that point
just make the Joker the central
character again oh yeah if you're gonna
make if you're gonna make half the game
above Joker anyway oh sure but they want
to trick you into thinking is a whole
new game but then fall back on the thing
that everyone knows and wants am yeah
Oh local peasant I can't give you any
food I don't have any food oh my god I
don't have any food what's an
ignominious way to find some food ready
shit you find something to eat soon oh
but the Mr Freeze boss fight yeah I said
yep city for the gameplay that boss by
it's great but the story in asylum is
just on point it's very focused joke of
rates and are Arkham Asylum what is it
Joker doing what is Joker one and then
the end was all fighting the junker if
there's one story that is focused on 70
is all over the place but City refines
the gameplay most most of Arkham City or
you're on a joker side quest oh geez no
oh there you go
you know what dare you fucking go
probably pick the bad fight here yeah
read sorry for asking twice but I'm
pretty curious given your stance on bad
endings and love for batman the animated
series how did you like mask of the
phantasm I don't remember much about it
at this point but I wasn't that fond of
it I wasn't I wasn't the biggest mask of
the phantasm thing I don't remember why
anymore it's been a really fucking long
time since I've seen it but I've ever I
remember seeing that I mean like am I
think I think that's another one where
the Joker takes over the story at the
end it was the phantasm what does the
phantasm doing and no we're gonna stop
the Tokra now haha Joker get out of the
Joker chain everybody all aboard haha
joke the city
yep got to go up to Joker city that's
where all the whores live the good thing
about oranges is that it confirmed they
found that other great actor for the
Joker with Hamill gone look he does the
guy who did the Joker's voice in origins
did a half-decent Mark Hamill Joker
impression only he can't do the fucking
laughs oh so it's not the best
replacement in the world it's really not
oh you gotta do the laugh that's kind of
it nobody else nobody else is gonna be
able to be able to do that that last
right with the the amount of different
things he can do with the Joker laughs
because it's not it's really not the
laughs he laughs a whole bunch of
different ways as the Joker Mark Hamill
oh yeah and they're gonna have a hard
time finding someone who can really
duplicate that
why would Hammond walk away from voicing
the Joker does handle get that much work
I have heard I don't know how true it is
that in his his age that that that doing
that voice is not as easy on its term as
it they're stupid I would want a hundred
percent believe it yeah it probably it
might be the kind of thing we're just
doing that voice is just too fucking
painful
poof I did it good uh do you give a crap
about the new alien movie I like in
general Neill Blomkamp the district nine
was really great oh I'll tell you how I
feel about it when I actually hear facts
about what it's going to be like so yes
yes I just have a name at a franchise
but they have they have a franchise that
I enjoy in general and they have a
director who I enjoy in general so
excitement level 4 okay I'm not telling
you how high the scale goes but if it's
out of a hundred it's not very excited
but if it's out of 5 it's very excited
so I won't
are you excited about chepi yes yes I am
excited about Jackie I like Mia Blomkamp
I really want to see him make movies so
I am going to see chappie and in general
I am excited about it god damn it I'm
out of food I might die of starvation I
do wonder how much time you spent simply
chasing down blind alleys I found the
metal or and I know where the we already
unlocked that though what do you what do
you want what do you get for doing that
what is the price is it worth it I get a
weapon that I probably wouldn't use cuz
i still have my axe thing i guess and
you know what it doesn't matter because
i'm gonna die good welcome okay yeah
bide your time just let it go no no I
died of starvation I ran out of food oh
you did yeah starvation so I four dozen
times so we're done that was a really
good run oh oh oh I get to unlock all I
got so many tokens I get to unlock so
many oh this is see this is what it's
all about this like these rewards are so
awesome Eli I will I will say this about
the Illinois movie I've heard they're
they're essentially ignoring aliens
three on alien 3 on I feel bad for Jay
Jay loves two three he goes yeah yeah
Blomkamp is a one-trick pony possibly
but I like his trick I like his sci-fi
trick
so I'm gonna keep watching it whoo
forbidden harbor can you play this on PC
or do you require a controller you can
use a controller with it on the pc i
think there's a i think you can play it
without I haven't even I haven't even
tried yeah this game I think I think I
started up its does it recommends a
controller which I would assume means
there is a mode you can play it without
one I don't know how play this with a
play that it has all I can pause it
right here and we can go to controls and
you as you see right here it has
controls for both a gamepad or wasd and
mouse like normal everything's normal
it's because you know why because it sat
on a PC it gives you that option but you
know what it's the type of game that was
built it could using a controller in a
game like this is very natural
you are improving keep it up goddamn
right I'm improving as great
I was a great run ah alright that's a
good you did good jack I don't know
Gotye I didn't know I didn't do good
rich I did well I don't know if I
improved anyone's life today Superman
does good I did well you did perfectly
acceptable I did I felt I felt good
about that was a nice that was a stream
long run that was great Oh God one trick
pony bah that's what they said about m
night shyamalan and look at him 20 yet
he had two tricks no gay i want you know
but i do what what are you hated of the
took the good movies he did success make
sense and unbreak up and breakable yeah
say it for good movies that he did it
yes yeah I I think I think he does one
trick really well which is he he has a
very specific style and he brings a lot
of the cinematic art to movie making the
problem is he got too focused on
storytelling and he's not that brain of
a storyteller you know but he I still
think there's some talent in there and
he got buried under his own hype you
know poor at night there was there was a
lot of talent in there he got his money
yes he's fine everything's fine he's
fine everything's fine I'm night
unbreakable was good I'm breakable was
really good
I mean and again I'm breakable like one
of the I don't know if I've ever told
you the story of unbreakable my first
watching abundant breakable the story of
unbreakable is painfully stupidly
idiotic Lee simple as you know as far as
twist endings go the first time my
friends and I sat down to watch in may
and I'll seen it before but they wanted
to watch it again I was like oh yeah I
want to see this movie and you know five
minutes into the movie it's just like oh
oh and by the way sport spoiler alert
for a 20 year old movie but uh you know
five minutes into the movie go Oh samuel
l jackson is the bad guy huh and my
friends are like no no he's not he's
totally not you know cuz he was there
trying to be there trying to be eyes and
let me enjoy the movie but you know the
stories not what matters it's the
journey and and it's his whoever was the
the cinematographer the director of
photography on that movie just fucking
nail that unbreakable is beautiful I had
a fight club swells man i still really
well Fight Club do so oh yeah yeah fight
but still bidding
um well that's gonna be it 20 years old
no I mean it's not how old is
unbreakable maybe 20 years old early two
thousands so 15 years old it's all I
spoiled I spoil the movie that's been
out for Lisa I'm gonna say white like
2,000 maybe itself yeah six senses like
one who's sick sense late late late late
90s like 99 listen I'm saying like I
threw out the spoiler alert but it's an
old movie so yeah I want to say that the
spoiler alert for unbreakable has lapsed
yes so I don't feel bad I'm break oh
it's over 40 years old yeah that's it it
will be someday they will be and
absolutely when we well but in any case
that was our stream that was a fine
stream I thought that I thought that was
a fine stream thank you all so much for
coming out we've really do appreciate it
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all of the old subscribers
and thank you to everyone else who just
came out to watch some hand of fate a
game I've really been enjoying lately
good night good night everybody life is
like a hurricane here in Duckburg
racecars lazers aeroplanes it's a duck
blur might solve a mystery or rewrite
history ducktales woo
