Sep 20, 2015
Shovel Knight, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
https://www.twitch.com/videos/8252703
https://www.twitch.com/videos/18254490
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPxzLVukMUE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BrkLBMw6QQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgJE9jeH6KE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/645655159033458689

[Part I]
are we assuming volume but everything is
fine I'm gonna assume volume and
everything is fine everything looks fine
so this is me assuming it's all fine
okay
so we're we may or may not be streaming
we're five minutes late sorry about that
and everyone I was having some Skype
problems but here we are yeah Ritchie up
they say something to prove that we're
yes this Steve the exciting thing you've
been waiting for the exciting things so
exciting so you Brooks you don't sound
excited okay okay what's what's what's
new you're playing flag night I'm
playing pong good night the the shovel
knight' free dlc plague of shadows has
come out and if you beat the shovel
knight game you you get to play a plague
night mission and I know nothing about
it obviously I love to shovel Knight and
so I'm excited to play as plague Knight
so here's my clear save I I did start a
new game plus mode what are you are you
sure you don't want to talk about metal
gear for four hours we already talked
about metal gear for four five sir sure
I'd I'm I'm I'm pretty sure I mean we
can we can bring it out but have we a
lien Aidid enough people yet number of
people to alienate what is I mean
everybody this is I did mention this in
the challenge where I I felt we had a
pretty even-keeled discussion talking
about things we both enjoyed and didn't
enjoy about the
and I was really happy with our
conversation which basically just means
that everyone is gonna hate us we see I
worry that kind of an effort to avoid
spoilers or in part because I didn't
care enough about the story that we
didn't talk in detail enough about
specifics of what I don't like about the
story in Metal Gear other I know we
talked about oh we talked about Tony I
felt like we gave examples like we gave
specific examples of why the the story
was crazy yeah what love the gameplay
love the gameplay love the gameplay old
stoffe guy it's good stuff
there's good stuff in there all right
I'm just gonna start playing yeah it's
like in the nights like in the play in
the nights there's a yes ultimate there
is a flaming whale
there is a demon riding a unicorn both
are on fire long ago the lands are
untamed and roamed by legendary
adventurers but villainy ran rampant and
in time even the most stalwart heroes
fell in the absence of champions The
Enchantress and her order of no quarter
swept into power unbeknownst to everyone
the maniacal alchemists plague Knight
had plans of his own
he sought nothing less than to concoct a
potion of unlimited power
the bird wizard is plague Knight is
pregnant he's wearing like an old
doctors mask what are they gonna do a
thing for King Knight to draft so
fiendishly potent that nothing he
desired would be out of his week I don't
know perhaps I think as far as the
Kickstarter was concerned just one of
the stretch girls was a was one extra
mission thing yeah each night
unknowingly gods a crucial ingredient
now
collection
and must begin so he's soft mofo yes you
can hire me to narrate your life
absolutely I mean it's pretty expensive
but yeah absolutely do it that's what
4:7 job really unless you just kind of
want to like tell me what happened in
your day and like I can recap it for you
like I'm an audio diary like an audio
diary yeah we can do that okay the boss
is on his way we've got to get back to
the lab fast I don't want to get
experimented on just hold square to
charge and bomburst out of here come on
hurry up oh but I think it's teaching me
how to play the game art oh yeah oh this
is gonna be weird you throw you throw
bombs instead of having your trusty
shovel I don't have the stream up I'm
not seeing any of this right this second
no you throw a little bomb ease those
potion things yeah he throws his potion
things all right great yeah
I'm assuming he doesn't have like a Pogo
attack whoa see control entirely
differently it feels very different so
what he has is he can double jump and
then he throws bombs and if you hold the
bomb throw a button and let go you like
sprint upwards so you can get like
triple jumps and you can move really
fast
that's actually really oh my god that's
really disorientating oh and if you like
keep throwing bombs you can kind of
hover a little bit and that's neat okay
all right
when a shovel knight maker being
released right right as Mario maker
going to ruin 2d platforming uh
to replace every other too deeply what
we witnessed with Mario maker it's you
know what it's going to make a lot of
other 2d platformers really obsolete but
I don't care cuz it's great you're gonna
hear a lot of why would I ever pay for a
platformer and make one I can literally
make any level I want you know like I'm
I'm not sure I'm a hundred percent down
with the unlocking system yet you know
like the more you play the more you
unlock I would I would want you know
fuck that I'm locking shit not a good
game will you make game just just give
me everything and let me play her out
yeah but you know they want to make sure
that you're building these in levels
they can't give you ultimate power
specifically what I paid for
yeah but I think if you have ultimate
power you're gonna get bored because
you're not you know you don't have the
basics down maybe getting bored
besides the endgame however you slices
ultimate powers there just bring the
inevitable for no good reason well
they're delaying the inevitable for you
know longevity I guess what
I don't know rich give me why should I
pay for my shit hostage what'd I do to
you I gave you your sixty parts right
that's exactly how much it is by the way
it's very expensive that's just me
throwing bombs I'm just throwing bombs I
gave you your money now I get to put the
pipe there that's how this works
yeah but you know they want you to they
want you to learn they want you to make
good levels and you know because if you
make that's the whole community is like
if you don't if you only make shit
levels then no one no one's gonna play
your glory levels and no one's gonna
care you know I think I think the
quality people who are going to make
good levels will make good levels
regardless of will win what unlocks I
don't I don't think you can make people
clever just by throwing things at them
slowly I think you know I I think you
can I think you can you have to because
you have to teach people like you have
to teach people how to make good levels
simple and like me you have to make them
a want it more you know thing they
already want it that's why they bought
Mario maker yes
wanting that's that the part of the
equation that's been don't live this is
this and complete that issue no but like
it's not just about wanting the game
it's also about like wanting more
the game like oh wouldn't it be cool if
I could build you know using using this
level Center wouldn't it be cool if I
could do that and then you get that
little bit of thing I'm not saying it's
perfect I want I want it to unlock
faster I'll tell you that I think the
problem is you you're a council man as a
PC guy that's just totally unacceptable
it's like you can't use all up for no
good reason
yeah that could be I'm used to I'm used
to malarkey
you used the big baby oh yeah a with
ease now and then when you put those
away maybe you'll get some others
patronizing is what it is yeah I have
strong feelings about this day I've
noticed that about you so are we getting
you a week now that would be nice we'll
put it in the budget rich friends if you
want we could wait till October it could
also be a birthday present
this is very different this play ignite
fella is very different getting used to
him I think it's of note that even
though we're done with the review mm-hmm
I did pick up and play more of Metal
Gear oh did you yeah I didn't I'm like
like benching I could still only do like
a mission so at a time I was going back
to it Wow mm-hmm free will so
interesting oh you know and we were
talking about I know I'm gonna get I'm
just gonna say it one more time cuz it's
important to me yeah
do really well the gameplay yeah and we
can say that and and I agree with you I
think I had more problems with the
gameplay than you did yeah but I also
found the actual game part is game to be
very satisfying I think something we
were talking about the other days you
know we're talking about how many hours
I head into the game and I did look into
it and thank you everyone for pointing
out how I figure out how many hours I
have into the game and I've clocked in
about 80 hours I have not finished the
game no I have not either because I
think like to finish a game you need
like a hundred and seventy hours or
something ridiculous like that but I'm
sure if we played 100% of the game
magically we would like the story and
the tone issues right so I'm about 80
hours in I've completed all of chapter 1
if anyone has a house has played so I
don't meet II date it's a very meaty
game yes
which if you have a full time job can be
a mixed bag but I think as far as most
people are concerned that's a good thing
I I reached a point of my life about ten
years ago now where I really learned to
love five-hour games right I finished
this game in 80 hours I'm a slow gamer
after 1 for 4 days this is great I'm a
very very slow gamer and I'm comfortable
with that I like taking my time and I
like doing all the side missions and so
that's what took me so long as you know
just doing all the side missions didn't
take my time I'm slow early do like
professional reviewers getting review
copies that's crazy they only got like a
week
they're just binging on the game and how
do you how do you how do you enjoy
something if you're like force feeding
it to yourself because you have to write
a thing well but that's their job like
you know that we we do this as a
part-time job yeah and so you know we
get in the hours we can but if you earn
a living and it's like okay this week is
dedicated only to playhead look here
like that's that's fine you know there's
a reason this review is coming out a
month late everyone right
you know you would think John Keeler
going using a guy going from using a guy
with a shovel to going to using a guy
with bombs seems a bit overpowered the
only problem is the the way you move is
very weird in this and so far like this
is just the first level of the game like
this is not a level built around someone
who uses bombs this is just shovel
knights level and I don't know if that's
going to I don't know if it's the exact
same levels for the whole game but you
know like shovel knights levels were
built for a guy who bound pogos with a
shovel and now I don't have that Pogo
ability anymore and and it is noticeable
how much you miss that Pogo ability
would you want it to be the same what do
you mean would you want it to be
identical to like like shuffle light
gameplay is it good is it good or bad
that it's different it's good that it's
different but it's not necessarily
different in a way you like well the my
problem right now is that uh even though
plagued night is different the the
levels are built for shovel knight yeah
and so what I was hoping for is that are
you like see I'm not I'm not watching
the stream are you playing the same
levels are you playing his own levels I
I assumed that he had his own levels and
but right now I'm going through it's
it's the same introductory level as
shovel knight I don't have that very
first level you fight the dragon a
couple times right right so I don't know
if every other level is going to be the
same or if he has his own levels okay
okay that's curious about that as am I
so you know we'll see we'll see I'm
hoping he gets his own levels that's
that's part of the that was fully they
have Mario maker I just throw something
together
it's one of those things where you know
part of the part of the charm of shovel
knight who is how wonderful how
wonderfully the levels were you know the
levels were built for shovel knight and
they were the levels were wonderfully
crafted that's a um I'm hoping I'm
hoping that these these levels will
eventually be more you know plague
Knight centric
stepping and it's you know you're so
used to shovel my bike net is very very
different like Nate is very okay okay
okay we're getting there
we're getting that Ridge everything is
fine all the time I mean you know I
think it is I might be biased but
everything I think is fine all the time
do you think so what if you think so hmm
I think nothing is fine ever right
probably the correct answers somewhere
how many times how many times if we have
this conversation in stream things being
kind
no thank you fruit pie magician says
Jack juice do you start with different
casings for your bomb I forget but the
LOB casing is better for aerial enemies
I have different bombs but I don't think
I can use them I have a bounce casing
standard fuse I don't know what that
means first but no I think I like right
now the only thing I have it did the
bombs I have are the bombs I have I
can't change them right now I can only
assume that you know there are options
to change them up later yeah I mean I'm
usually wrong but you making you make an
ass out of you and me I'm just gonna say
something completely different
oh yeah that's it you know cuz that's
how you spell assume which by the way is
also the only reason why I know how to
spell
I had uh one of my friends that high
school kind of like a ah kind of an
asshole pompous asshole know-it-all I
was right about everything and the dad
or the friend dad okay he pulled that
one so you know what happens when you
assume right and I just like pulled out
the punch line out from under him he was
like the one the one thing at one time I
had like one over him very happy about
that cuz I never I'd never heard that
before that that phrase oh okay I
cleverly just figure it out I oh yeah
you make an ass out of you and me
congratulations
I don't quite understand these tonics
yet but okay
who black night
listen to me Madge assist I know you're
aiding him in his quest for the ultimate
potion ultimate what I haven't seen him
since he fled to join the order of no
quarter what our chemical trickery you
cared for me I know he plans to use the
potion to beguile you white me what are
you insinuating Oh someone's coming
oh it's the panicky pushover is winning
the Majesties dad's worth betraying your
allies what that's that that's Black
Knight much you know much like showing
that you face Black Knight plagues
Knight needs a voice now yeah
what where in the world did you hear
that and I know how you plan to gather
ingredients the only thing worse
a deranged alchemist is a traitor do
what you will with the order but none
threaten the Enchantress and move okay
so okay fight the fight the Black Knight
again throwing bombs that's my plan my
plan is to throw bon venom so far
working like gangbusters
they said think about super shovel
Knight or is that just a whim oh oh I
would I would assume that that is only a
that's a joke
why would you assume that's joke
super shovel Knight yeah like in the
style of a Super Nintendo Oh whores of
course that was a joke I guess you had
not heard that I had I have heard no
such rumor of super shuffle line art no
weapons allowed wait a minute let's just
pretend I don't recognize you when you
go safely on your merry way
this doesn't have to get messy oh I'm
showing up in town and all of the
villagers are running away from me
and the knight that's using the knight
who's you know who's that the front of
town isn't yeah don't show you how
creepy bird face around here again freak
oh oh oh I really can't I can't come
into town what that's that makes sense
oh yeah I'm the bad guy yeah Oh can I
jump over him nope oh no okay but a
powerful villain with a villain armory
how do they plan on keeping you out
honestly I could just bomb him yeah can
I oh my bombs don't have any effect on
him I thought I would say that's what I
was supposed to do like bomb him to
tears but probably some kind of gameplay
thing yep when I went to leave town
there's like a
hey plague night I'm still guarding your
secret entrance but I lost the key oh
and there seems to be exploding barrels
lined up all over here nice nice there's
a secret entrance to town right sure is
your key bombs yes by the way that
that's something Mikey was bombs
predictable yes oh oh and look this look
at this that's on below the city and
above me right now is a shovel Knight is
running through the town oh that's great
this takes place during shovel Knight
apparently there I turned up game audio
for a little bit sorry is this update
just for Steam or is it also for GOG
it's for everything this I'm playing
this on the ps4 right now - writer yeah
Kickstarter no no it's a free update for
everyone nice and so that's great let's
see here what are there stretch goals
that they have this other thing are
there other things they're doing tours
just late night I don't know I don't
know let's see a play date yeah here
here Mona
I forgot I did play tonight already we
have a bigger problem on our hands
we've been found out Mona Oh
the Black Knight thing yeah
Madge assist fills me in don't worry a
beak that fool has nothing on us that's
my that's my Mona voice no she seems
like that's fine voice she seems like
she's a sultry mage you know look oh we
need to worry about is those final
ingredients we're stuck languishing here
in obscurity until then yes the essences
I shall pay our friends a little visit
and a new bar of them right and while
you're doing that I'll keep researching
ways to get more bang for our buck know
what they say the bigger the explosion
the better the alchemist yeah see let's
get to work
Jack you're a master thespian I mean I'm
trying I'm trying
I say thespian lesbian I meant lesbian
I'm a sound like tongue is stuck in
somebody's crotch rich I think just
based on gender alone I might be the
worst lesbian ever I know you like women
yes at least a half-decent lesbian the
worst lesbian is a gay man like it is a
gay man you're right jack I took band
and music theory as electives in high
school what electives did you take rich
do you remember high school art so I met
Mike you took art yep yeah there you go
I I was on I was on the school newspaper
yeah I was the photographer and and
wrote articles for the school newspaper
and and I also was an a/v Club
that sounds terribly exciting maybe I
was just the biggest nerd
all right right there tracer powder
produces wall-climbing flames cool close
up a long time after throwing I don't do
I care about that and maybe I don't know
what any of this stuff does so I'm just
gonna buy a bunch of it that's my that's
my idea
great buy everything just buy everything
hope something works and why these
things are good I'm sure yeah okay I've
known my bombs now with travel upward
that's fun very upward travelling bombs
yes you suppose you're gonna fight
shovel knight in the end one would
assume do you have to do like all the
other levels first and then like you
have to defeat shovel knight that could
be that'd be funny I don't know how this
works out that continuity was
yeah I don't know this is this is game
cannon of course to the shovel Knight
saga of course oh good ok good I got
more money I got more money I think I
wanted this thing there we go
oh nice yeah what rich I have some hard
decisions to make in my life
yeah as we've talked about many times
boxers box no oh no no boxer briefs as
far as I'm concerned it's boxer briefs
that's the best of both worlds
whatever your boxers my friend pure
boxers pure boxers yeah oh no my tough
decision is I need to find I need to
find something to to remove from my life
monetary wise because as we've discussed
in the past are the follies of it I'm
getting back into reading comics oh no
no no no no financial crush the
predicted financial crushes happen
because well III am fond of them are an
expensive hobby it's a very expensive
hobby expensive and it is true I'm sorry
I have no advice other than to stop what
you're doing your kids can go to college
or you can read comics quit or you could
read comics those are your options daddy
had to read ultimate spider-man
McDonald's you're gonna be late
no and you know it's it's not too bad on
comiXology which is where I digitally
buy my comics you know like if if once
the comic is like a month old it's only
like two bucks an issue which isn't that
bad and you know you can buy you can buy
the graphic novels for pretty cheap
so it's not it's not terribly bad but
it'sit's just one of those things where
now I'm sucked into a couple stories and
I want to I want to keep reading well
what what all are you reading I'm
reading Batgirl than the new Batgirl
anything else and no don't hate me I
well might be too late for that I've
started reading the Star Wars comics why
would I hate you know I have nothing
against people who like Star Wars even
though I'm not like a super huge Star
Wars fan myself oh that's right jack
enjoy it it's the new Marvel run of Star
Wars picks up after a new hope uh and
it's pretty good and it's pretty good it
is pretty fun and I've been enjoying it
I know you know I know a lot of your
life here you hear a lot about Star Wars
and you've been pretty clear that you're
not you know like terribly into Star
Wars but I'm like lukewarm right just
get it get it you're lukewarm to Star
Wars thing I don't know if I get it Luke
Skywalker like the temperature of water
when it's not hot like like like the
character from from the thing you never
wait wait are you not familiar with
lukewarm towards something is an
expression of ambivalence of course I am
okay I've been I've been messing with
you
I wasn't sure this this is like the
horse translator I'm not just not sure
the Horo the horse translator what was
the horse translator again oh that's
right what do we want to go there huh no
no we shouldn't no the answer is no we
don't want to go there yes I got it at
first I was messing with rich as he
often does to me
it was my attempt at comedy it didn't it
didn't work from cases to do stuff like
that if you don't do it on the fly there
places you'll totally get raped what
what um also so this is this is just the
the King Knight level this is exactly
the lessee it's just the yep this is
just shovel Knight plenty of playing
through the shovel Knight game as a new
character I figured he would have like
three of his own special stages and you
know me then as a bonus you would be
able to play the old ones too
yes that's you know I think it is a
little disappointing but free so yes
sure free but also you know cheap when
it was free so hello wait what did you
say it's hard to call I'm not I'm not
calling it cheap I'm just I'm just
saying I expected more there's a bungle
oh well thank whole thing off my
headphones volume knob yours there's a
you you have a bongo dog a dongle with a
D I mean I think it's great that you're
getting into music but you know maybe
now is not the best time to talk about
that no idea what that means is because
you're playing the bongos now you're
getting it's not working I have to stop
you because it's just not working
yeah you know what I'm not gonna put too
much thought into that routine I'll just
call it that I think that's really the
truth it's just everything's fine
everything's fine like most of the time
everything's fine my 20% of the time six
I could go up to like 60 60 percent of
the time everything is fine
you're mr. everything's fine not all the
time yeah I don't know when that changed
now it's only 20%
I mean what's all the time you know all
the time is literally all of the time
hmm yeah all the time past present and
future that's all of the time yeah I'm
seeing this question a lot in chat I
think we've already talked about this
which is why jesse has been on the show
in a while because she hasn't there's no
greater reason so stop worrying about it
jesse is fine yes he's fine
and she just hasn't felt like doing the
show for a while that's fine let's see
Oh what what I have no idea
great yes you're saying things that's
true I was saying things I say things
often I say things often rich no idea
what they mean I just know you're saying
that's fine yeah yeah yep that's that's
pretty much it that's like my entire
life is the people around me go Oh Jack
saying something again and they then
they most of the time they politely wait
until I'm done and then go on with
whatever they were talking about before
oh oh that's cool that's neat bombs and
Bob's jo Bob's killed thousands of
people
yeah oh I'm sure way more than thousands
yeah every day bombs are real threat I'm
talking about the videogame bums plague
night bombs rich select the order the
order exactly talking about the order
infamous video game bombs the order no
order actually Bobby that's terrible I
don't know if it bombed I want I mean
I'm sure I hope it bombed can that be it
can we hope yeah sure
are there other infamous video game bomb
Oh et oh yeah that's right 1880 is an
infamous bomb everyone was talking about
the movie and what about sure
let's see here infamous videogame bombs
I don't know actually I'm sure I mean
I'm sure there's yeah Chad Chad help us
out here help us it's your favorite
video game bomb top 5 videos getting
bombs you won't believe what what post
your answer in the comment section tell
us what top 5 list you want to see next
time oh that's right spore spore was a
like what was a big you know that was a
big bomb that was a financial disaster
No oh yeah well right doesn't care he
already made all the money fuck it I
made the Sims bitch hold money he slept
very well that night yep
well maybe you've heard of a little came
on called The Sims yeah I made them you
know the thing that revolutionized the
way in the normies play games the ladies
go home they come up to me I sweat on my
junk for approximately 20 minutes and we
have a good conversation afterwards
about how they developed their character
say hey baby you want a blue easy chair
I can make that happen
SiC Sims reference rich thank you thank
you I am NOT that's gotta be worth
something like creating the biggest
video game hit ever most women right
right Oh God I'm sure the to yeah
enemy nah I don't think it's just a like
about amongst women Sims is huge I think
was unusually large I am unusually large
wrong but I think about this I might be
right all right sure yeah beyond you
know the the SimCity that was installed
on my school computer I don't think I've
ever played like a Sims game you know
yeah SimCity is a bitch without cheats
it's fun like the goblins attack it's
great no interest in running an actual
City though hon Jack no I think I don't
think most people did I think use cheats
both the large city and then had a
monster destroyed the plane crashed into
it that was literally all anyone cared
about
you tried it you try to get those I get
the weather stuff right the tornadoes
yeppers wait you just want to see the
city burn I want to watch a little burn
that's that's what the Sims proved about
humanity yeah and I like it
do-do-do-do-do-do you've never played a
Sims game you should play some cities
and it's like or I mean I don't know
anything about like the new sim cities I
think supposed to be like terrible
disasters are you talking to the chat
are you
I mean you know I know the but like the
new SimCity oh the one that you need an
online connection for yeah that wasn't
that like an unmitigated disaster
I could just float right past you
a brutal legend was a huge bomb I I'm
sure many Tim Schafer games were huge
bombs no offense to Tim Schafer you know
- I know you like real elope you you
should maybe the opening cinematic -
brutal legend I thought it was really
funny Jack do you think your
disappointment with these levels is due
to fatigue from playing the bass game so
much ah no no my disappointment with the
levels is that these levels were
designed around a character with a
different moveset you know they spent
time and money and resources to craft
wonderful levels based around poco
jumping and forward attacking and and
now you're playing it with a different
character and it feels off it feels bad
you know it's lost its lost part of its
mmm
I'm so sorry you know it's not the worst
thing in the world it's not the worst
thing in the world it's not like the
horse thing in the world
no it's not I don't I don't know that
meats means horse rich okay get your
heart your high horse ready to get off
it wasn't your piece the horse thing in
the world was watchdogs a massive bomb I
remember I would leg down that is a
big-budget game and I don't hear
anything about it before anymore so I
would believe that watchdog there's a
huge bomb did Duke Nukem Forever bum and
then me maybe yeah maybe
listen oh I know this game this part of
the game is free and I'm only
complaining to complain i i'm not i'm
not gonna say give me my money back it's
it's any excuse to play more shovel
knight but all this makes me want to do
is play a shovel knight again yeah all
right
what
so then I wonder wonder wonder Wow who
wrote the book of love did I get that I
get that right what something you're
gonna say that I mean that's exactly
what I was going to say no I do wonder
like I whether or not I was supposed to
I do wonder if I was if I like beat king
night before or after shovel knight beat
king night you know oh well doesn't
really matter nothing matters
oh well thank you memory
apparently watchdog's broke the record
for biggest first day sales in Ubisoft
he's oh so much for that theory
so you're not talking about critical
bombs I'm talking about financial bombs
games it works
are there any infamous games that were
expected to do very well mmm-hmm did not
go over well with the public just bomb
financially
that's the question yes we should do we
should do our own research on that rich
that could be fun we can determine if
they're actually worth playing that
wouldn't that that could be a fun
episode bang boom it's gonna happen boom
that's gonna happen
quick goddammit yep it's gonna be great
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
pop almost immediately when thrown
sure somebody huh oh no I don't like I'm
like buying upgrades and I'm not really
sure what they do so yeah not terribly
into this Oh interesting
okay interesting all right is it is it
really what is this interest interesting
no I mean I throw a bomb and it kind of
hangs out in the air for a little bit I
don't know if it will do me any good
yeah that doesn't really sound that
interested you know it's it's somewhat
interesting it's it's somewhat
interesting
so for now I don't think I'll be able to
like just normally attack things
yeah okay yeah that works okay
yeah rich what shovel knight
yes shovelknight shovel that night yeah
so did we give this game enough of a
chance yet maybe maybe what shovel
Knight yeah
you mean I'm sorry you're just talking
about plague good night oh yeah yeah I
mean obviously shovel Knight I love this
we I haven't even touched it oh oh I
think he meant we as like as a streams
mated stream yes that's really a
dictatorship well of course it yeah but
we like to give them the illusion I'm
done doing this all them what's what's
next Jack what's next what's next huh
I'll tell you what's next
or maybe I won't tell you what's next
and I'll just let you discover it on
your own you know and there's that way
there's something I need to do first
there's something very important I need
to do first turn off this turn out there
oh no this one a bit
have it you know that okay give me a
moment rich give me money you know what
we'll take this moment and I will thank
subscribers and thank you leftover
beefcake for giving us a chat watcher
with a larger font we really important
improvements all the little important
improvements okay so Tim Salman's
Tiberius Kirk mag news Stu Krieger seven
eight three collecting data mall Ratko
shirk spear read the fervent fir frigate
that's fine and gibbous moon thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do it's it's true
that was fine this is fine no I was
great rich I think that was great I
think he did it and I think he nailed it
yeah in the bag yeah so congratulations
so now you gonna do a thing what's going
on where am I what's going on where are
you what is going on this is real life
I've heard I've heard this is real life
oh Jesus Oh game's gonna be loud for a
second guys or
or maybe none the device is being used
by another application are you guys not
seeing the game you're probably hearing
it through my headphones cuz the game is
mega loud right now Jesus Christ why are
you so loud
I use a little Howard
why are many things as they are and not
some other way you know I guess - Touche
Touche rich well hello I got this you
know that's crazy oh my god
that's great okay can you second here
why are you working the device isn't
used by another one what are you talking
about
gosh darn it gosh darn it hold on I'm
trying to play The Binding of Isaac but
for some reason it's not working because
you're go to my go to well I'm working
on I'm working on a couple of key
unlocks and I figured like yeah why not
I'm working on it I'm working on it but
I really need for everyone else to see
the game you know I think that would be
important
so what what what I'm working on
no no there was no bugging shovel knight
I it was fine I just got a little bored
and I didn't much care for what this
device is being used by another
application what application go Ram it
what what devices think is being used by
what other it says the elgato is being
used by another application you doing
this on Mac or Windows Windows go to
task manager and make sure Elgato is not
running at all he'll get oh I don't know
what the exe file gato is very gato sure
it's not running it is not running at
all it is not running at all and then
when I go into OBS it says this device
is being used by another application and
the only other application being used is
that is chatty and the chat watcher well
I can't help you right
hello doe Jemma Jemma
what are you being used by and capture
device okay hold on trying something
it'll get are you trying hard enough
No
now I'm trying hard now I'm like
actually trying really hard for real Z
oh my god what what
but this might mean is I need to stop
the stream and start it again oh my god
I know I know rich so I guess that's
what's gonna happen I'm Way over here
the other side town

[Part II]
hi come on you can do it you can do it
it says we're free yes we are we're
streaming everything is fine we're here
Issac is here everything is great rich
did you know that yes I did great that's
great I do I need to catch up on my Star
Wars comic you need to do this wife in
fact that's that's exactly why I had to
stop the stream for a second there I
just had a few more pages to read okay
so here finding spoilers Darth Vader is
Luke's father I don't know I don't know
how a comic that takes place between New
Hope and Empire can hope to surprise you
but I wish it the best of luck I'm not
looking forward to surprise me just
entertain just you know hang out in the
Star Wars world a little bit okay so
here is my Isaac as you can see my to-do
list of challenges is all taken care of
under my character's you will see that
all of my characters have beaten all of
the things in hard mode which you know
obviously I'm very exciting for everyone
and so I only have a couple more things
to take care of are you are you going to
endeavor to do your 110% like live on
stream think that's gonna happen no no
this is just
there's no way I think I think you
should pick a day and when you're when
you're like real close just do a full-on
marathon oh my god well but see that's
the thing about this game is like the
right now it's up to randomness because
the the things I need to accomplish are
getting a natural four level bandage
girl which is very difficult and I need
to get the lost which is very very
difficult and so here's what I'm looking
for in the first stage I am looking for
either a book of revelations which means
that a certain enemy will spawn making
it more likely than I'll receive about
bandages or I'm looking like all
bandages otherwise I could get it
otherwise or I'm looking for the little
creatures with bombs stuck to their
heads and if that kills Isaac we could
possibly try to get the lost okay so I'm
playing as Isaac yes I do I think I do
have the four cubes of meat already what
is that gives me a conjoined twin
probably want that yeah that's a good
one you like that one Oh tears up man
tears up is fine tears up is fine too
okay so we're playing Isaac everything's
great I love this game I just play
really I do ever streamed it before if
you love it so much it is it has been
quite some time since i streamed it it's
oh no it's been a way longer than a
month since I've streamed Isaac I don't
think it's been waiting longer oh yeah
no I don't I don't believe three months
tops no no I think I've been pretty I
think I've been pretty good about not
screaming and Isaac someone someone in
the chat back me up on this I've been
pretty good
my brain has memories of you riding
around with a piece of poop on your head
well no no we're talking about Isaac not
the game and not in that real life
leftover beefcake says it's been three
months and 45 days okay so I'm not too
far off you said that one month that's
that's very far off that's a 3045 days
is four months maybe about three months
I just I get altering okay I'm 100
percent right even when you're wrong I
would like I would love to have this 110
percent completed by the time afterbirth
comes out I really would I don't know if
it's possible just because the the luck
needed to guess things you need to do I
think actually yeah I only have two more
things left to do in the end well well
but like one of the things like getting
the lost character after I get the lost
then I need to beat the game as the lost
and and the lost is the character where
you can't get hit even once so when you
unlocked lost I think you should do a
large stream that'll be like last thing
you have to do and just do a just do
everything to lost yeah you know I will
when it went out my colossi
probably stream man that would be so
exciting a few 110 percent of their game
why it would be that would be or your
your dead rising no death run yeah would
be you're spitting a man to death but
you know what you're right I'm gonna I'm
actually I'm gonna restart the game okay
because I didn't I didn't get a thing I
needed to get actually now you know well
a fucking restarting maybe maybe I'll do
like a birthday extreme you know because
then I can you know take the entire day
off and just play Isaac on stream for
the entire day yes usually there are
more jokey streams but yeah like we
talked about playing Desert Bus and all
that I think I don't think I could
handle Desert Bus well I should have I
knew what that was and I didn't want it
and I should have used my d6 and I
didn't rich yeah and that's my fault if
you don't know what desert buses it's
everything it says on the tin yeah go
desert buzzards and Penn & Teller made
it or at least they they they
masterminded it they had much to do with
the program right but you you literally
you just drive a bus through the desert
what are they from from some small
Nevada town to another small Nevada town
and it's like a three-hour drive there's
literally like nothing you do but you
drive straight and there's like nothing
but double cactuses on the horizon
oh yeah there's no scenery and and you
can't like just set the game to
autopilot because the bus weaves
slightly and so you
you have to like press the left button a
little bit to keep the bus on the road
the alignment of the bus is off so you
keep drifting right
so yeah you know we'll do it we'll do a
bunch remote that but yeah maybe perhaps
perhaps perhaps I will do it just the
longest Isaac's dream that I can
possibly muster yeah unless you unless
you pull it off right off the bat jack
well no I mean yep have a little faith
have a little bit no no the the lost I
don't even know if I could win a game as
the laws I don't even know if I could
beat mom as the lost you know not going
through the entire game without getting
hit once practice takes practice makes
perfect
that's true I mean you're planning on
trying anyway of course no I I think
streaming the attempt would be a fun
idea sure new run rich didn't get the
thing I was looking for I'm sorry
ho Pat doesn't help unicorn horn doesn't
help god damn it not doing great
Matt's been great so far that's all
right that's okay we're gonna keep
trying
how many people have unlocked the lost
and then successfully 110% of the game
what what what percentage from the
populace can accomplish this feat oh I'm
sure it's a very low percentage but
people have done it yeah not only that I
the the big accomplishment is I find it
interesting that a game would have
something in it that you're never that
most people aren't ever really expected
to do oh no I like that's it's the
barometer that's the heart of the hard
core and then there are even still other
people who look down upon people who 110
percent it because they 110 percent it
on all three save files you know you're
not a real game you know to realize it
gamer
unless unless you can 110% it on all
three save files they sound like
assholes oh no my man I'm sure they've
never actually said that but you know
that's their claim to fame right
oh oh this is good this is good it is
this is we so so this is one of this is
a horseman right here and the horseman
always spawn a cube of meat or a ball of
bandages like war famine death and and
plague and pestilence yeah
and so here here's a horseman I believe
this is famine I forget and once you
beat them they always spawn a ball of a
bandage or a cube of meat and this is
exactly what we were looking for we were
hoping that we would get one of these
guys let's see what we got if we're
really fuck a cube of meat we start you
know good dad everything
restart new run Isaac war famine death
plague and pestilence other four
horsemen right no no I there's more cuz
there's more rain Ric Flair Ric Flair
our Arn Anderson hmm and I don't
remember the other ones or what the four
horsemen of wrestling do I want this yes
yes I want this great dr. fetus dr.
fetus like The Meat Boy villain and so
now my tears are bombs which is an
incredibly power full power up a little
unwieldy not very happy for your tears
yes my tears are bombs a great power up
to have very excited about this nice and
I can get into this shop for free
everything's coming up millhouse this is
a great run one or one room in and this
is a great run very happy for you jack
thank you you should be
you should be I feel happy about this I
have yet to really fully understand why
it is I'm so obsessed with this game I
don't know why is anybody it's just a
game right I'd like to think that I
could come to some sort of conclusion
but I just you know random kind of
stages always fresh always fresh what
encourages replays yeah I love the art
direction
I love the the blend of like humor and
horrific gory monsters and I might die
doesn't matter like these guys aren't
gonna give me what I want anyway but I
don't want to die of a fucking spider
don't want that of a fucking spider rich
what am I
nobody does what am i a noob you fucking
what I died to a spider right now yeah
aren't you glad you're not an insect Oh
God very I mean every day mostly because
like every day I'm not dead and insects
would be yeah I know all right restart
restart doing it I'm back I see we have
moved Isaac we have moved Isaac I'm
attempting to either unlock the lost or
or get the bandage girl oh yes yes yes
yes we are now rocking it rich I just
got the Book of Revelations oh my god
so this powerup when it fills up it
gives me a so hard yeah which is you
know that's pretty good on its own but
if I'm carrying it every boss will be a
horseman and the horsemen drop of
bandage balls org this is exactly what I
am hoping for these are these are part
of the mad strats for getting the
natural the natural for bandage girl
bandage ball how does how does the chat
feel about you restarting are they in
revolt in revolt where they are they
frustrated or do they like the attempt
to unlock things that's a question do
you have chat open right now I'm playing
red max you're but I'm driving around
and I'm punching people yeah
so I can't see a chat window because my
eye screen is all bad max
they're saying revolts but I think
they're saying revolt sarcastically so
I'm gonna I'm gonna go ahead and say
that they're fine with it okay you do
what you want to do Jack you're you're
trying to accomplish things I am I'm
trying to come up with something in the
game nice bad strats great great Jackie
is a hack fraud that time you but that's
just well document that everybody knows
that everybody knows that okay and so
now now even if the horsemen famine you
know even if the horsemen doesn't drop a
ball of bandages I know I'll continue to
get more horsemen so I can keep going
you know I can move forward and again a
little bit which is nice do you remember
one hack fraud you should just be a
thing that Mike would say every now and
then you know what it's hard to remember
that time just cuz now you know it's
it's a part of my everyday life just
know was that it was that was hack fraud
a blanket review thing or was it a bit
half in the bag thing Mike say what is
the and we remember anymore honestly
sure yeah and we got our first ball
advantages bridge oh it's happening that
sounds disgusting it is well you know
right now it is literally just a
floating ball of bandages that that
deflects things yet to flex his so like
right now it's not incredibly useful so
what do you what do you have to do
specifically so so then if I collect
another ball of bandages as a pickup it
turns into a little thing that also
shoots enemies and then if I get a third
ball of bandages
turns into bandage girl a familiar that
goes around and beats people up for me
right right and then what I'm hoping for
is to get a fourth ball of bandages to
get a four a level four bandage girl to
uh and that's the achievement you need
that achievement you know to a hundred
percent again yeah you don't need to
beat the game with the Vantage roll no
sneeze
I just need what do you need for the
lost is it is it possible to do both
these things at the same time no no it's
not so the lost is insane the lost what
I know yeah I want them what I need to
do is I need to die as Isaac in a very
specific place play is another character
and die is that character in a very
specific place play as another character
and die as that character in a very
specific place how close have you come
to the lost yeah
no I I haven't even tried oh you know
and that's even more insane because like
and and really the I think the only hard
part of that is is so like Isaac has to
die to a certain enemy in the first
level and you know that's that's really
just re rolling until you get that enemy
but then the next enemies you need to
make it to a certain point in the game
and this all needs to be done back to
back yeah so like if I'm as character to
and I don't make it to the point in
which if I die early I need to go back
and die as Isaac again oh my god yes
and so on and so forth forever and ever
so it is a giant pain in the ass just to
get this character and then of course
the character itself is a giant ball of
malarkey but malarkey
oh one hit the one head thing right just
they just die easy he floats the lost
floats and float
is very important to the game once you
unlock him he's just unlocked you don't
have to do the sequence of dying again
just to get him one more try maybe too
much to prove that no so that's not too
bad
okay so now we are on boss - lets
oh wait we got pin what oh oh oh yeah
yeah so I will get more horsemen but
right now I'm facing pin what happened
what the Book of Revelations just
guarantees that you will face all four
horsemen it doesn't necessarily say that
you know every boss will be a horseman
Oh so but I don't want that for sure
well I guess I got no fucking choice
you know rich I guess I got no fucking
choice but to what am i I'm horribly
lost you have no choice but to what Jack
hope I hope Isaac Lee impaired mad out
the the item is going on the item is
mom's underwear which gives me more
range I think I hate this game already
mom's underwear these mom's underwear oh
my god and it gives me more range but
you know like range is not necessarily
important it can be important if you get
other items you know like a Isaac is all
about synergy you know making your items
collecting items that stack and making
them work together if she'll like FTL
yeah yep I did I sold a heart to get to
do a contract with the devil and that
means any time an item drops in the room
it drops to of that item and that's
awesome
Oh see if you get a bandage no not not
those items like if a key drops I get
two keys instead of one oh that's a
pretty good powerup I'm happy with
stompy I got a powerup called thunder
thighs yeah it's a big bucket of lard
and it means if I walk over rocks I
destroy I can destroy them without using
a bomb yeah it's funny if you will
unlock the bandage girl you're just
gonna die immediately I mean I'm trying
to I'll try to win you know they'll try
to win yeah where you could stop
immediately and immediately go for the
walls no no I would try to win
and I guess it you know really depends
on how far I make it into the game what
if you're very early in the game you're
still gonna try to win yeah I'm very on
again maybe I'll you know I'll go
somewhere else okay these guys I have
the hardest problem with these skeleton
guys I hate them you tried being the
friend
no you know I have not tried using my
words I have never tried using my system
that's the problem with what the world
today jack there's the works I win you
tell their kids this you just tell them
yeah you punch the bully in the face you
know luckily we have not had a bully
situation yet I don't know this no
sympathy for the devil you don't need to
make friends the bully I think I think
my my goal will be to tell them like you
know first sure you know first try to
use your words because you don't want to
be caught in a situation where you're
the bad guy but you know once you try to
use your words once and then after that
yeah go ahead punch her in the face yeah
I think that's fair I think that's cuz
you don't want to just punch people in
the face
I mean you do want to punch people in
the face but that's not civilized so if
you try words first can they be rude
words no that's not acceptable that
can't be loaded words okay
okay yes these are all good things
okay great great great how much they're
bright what great great great great good
great there there was a soul heart to
buy yeah which is very important because
it gives me an extra heart and my pickup
item also gives me soul hearts and there
was a battery in there and the battery
recharges to pick up items so okay it is
as if nice beauty beauty so in a moment
it's going to be as if I got two hearts
there's not won't be as if I will we
have gotten two swords which is very
good so hard good great the only rough
part is I got this thunder-thighs
upgrade which makes me you know be able
to break rocks just by walking over them
which is very it's very useful the only
problem is you have it makes you walk
slower and so then it's just like come
on come on get to the next get to the
next area
come on love patience job patience hey I
know I have I have nothing I have
nothing but patience oh yes and I know I
can go sleep in the bed to refill the
hearts and I will but I want to face the
boss first in case I lose any more
hearts good things come to those who
wait good things come to those who wait
yeah slowness is a fine thing let's find
that chance
stillness
yes still this Libyan are we talking
about what that's that's a great
question I don't know sometimes I just
don't know you know what I do know for
sure what is you need to watch Firefly
I've been rewatching Firefly and I think
that you need to watch it I would
probably love it and that's you know
that's exactly what I'm worried about
yeah yeah you would I don't I don't want
I don't want the heartbreak of lol this
is done I never got to finish this
properly it's got a proper enough finish
that's so good it's so good in the
meantime quiche I'm on Shum out I'm
chemin oh my god rich second ball of
bandages oh my god sorry it took me a
second to realize that society what
we're going for
that's great that's great we did you did
two more and now I need two more balls
of bandages here's the thing how rare
are they and how much time do you have
to do it I know you got the horsemen
coming up did you get it from a horseman
did you get this one random I got I got
it from a horseman okay
so there are of course two more horsemen
left and there there always is you know
the worry that you have to win to 50/50
coin flips yes is the real thing it's
very very unlikely everyone get your
hopes down everyone hopes down everyone
get your hopes down time's up Bob Stone
Isaac's dirty bed you can sleep in it
and
it's back Oh mm-hmm you know what is
nice
oh my god you're right there was another
pill in the store to get my health up oh
well it doesn't matter I have the thing
that gave me all the blue stuff it's
fine okay
here we go here we go here we go here we
go
I forgot about a pill rich I forgot
about a pill said no drug addict ever oh
no I think I think that that's exactly
what drug addicts say all the time I
know I got a pill around here somewhere
they gotta find a pill they don't say
forgot about I got a pill
oh you know I got a pill around here I
got a pillar on to you somewhere
someone in the chat and tell me make
sure does the Book of Revelations need
to be fully primed in order to get a
horseman or just because I have it well
I get a horseman does anyone know that
is there an answer to that question cuz
I don't know well just keep it primed
yeah but if it's I can I can get a heart
you know I can get a I can get a blue I
guess it's not it's not terribly
important that I have a blue heart at
this point cuz my health is pretty high
right now
jettison I of course cannot help you
know I'm hoping that someone in the chat
I can't even look it up online because
I'm too busy playing bad backs right now
I'm completely what I'm saying
well that's right you can't even read
the chat tell me what the chat says use
of it gives you the horsemen okay great
if you use it that levels boss will be a
horseman okay well I I used it that
great
great I used it once already so then
everything is great you have to use it
every level I thought I used it though
the one level I got pin maybe you didn't
there's a too late
does that fuck with things I know I
should have I should I should still have
plenty of bosses left but now I just
kind of want to make sure that I use it
I almost want to use it again just in
case but hurt oh hey go H doesn't know I
can't I can use it again I'll have
there's enough rooms to clear here where
I can use it again G to G I'll be good
to give G to the G G to G Man G to G
there's two items like Lucas what did
you say you want comic books look is
that subconscious no no there are two
items that look really similar the
common cold and Bob's brain they're both
like green blobs and the common cold is
is an item I like it gives random poison
shots you know poisons enemies but Bob's
brain is an item I don't much care for
it gives you a brain that floats around
with you and it shoots at people and
explodes what you think would be great
but is actually pretty terrible why is
it terrible because more often than not
it hits an enemy that's very near you
and makes you lose health oh my god well
you know health is scarce and yeah so
it's basically just a it's a wild card
it can be useful but more often than not
it's just a big pain in the ass Jack
whatever I'm being an asshole and
everyone in the chat whatever I'm being
an asshole like I just don't know what
else to sing I don't know much about the
Isaacs so yeah see now I used the book
of Revelation and I get the ha
I wonder if I if I only get the horsemen
at the you know every other love holder
I used the book of Revelation twice and
I got not horsemen I wonder if there's
more to it I mean there's got to be more
to it maybe it's a chance maybe the chat
light if you're not supposed to use it
at all
maybe it's sabotage it's supposed to be
a full sabotage right it could be rich
it really could be those fuckers could
be messing with me
Krampus Krampus this guy this guy's
Christmas the evil Santa Claus yes
that's a thing I know it's the thing yes
it is it's a brilliant thing using it
doesn't I'm all for anything that's
scarce small children okay using it
doesn't guarantee it only increases the
odds oh okay well then there you go
there you go then it only increases yes
okay thank you sharks beer well you know
we're still doing pretty good you know
we worried had we have a level-two
bandage girl and I think that is pretty
darn good
all things considered
don't want to fuck with that right now
don't want to fuck with that I've heard
of that there is apparently a Krampus
horror movie being made and I have heard
of that I don't know anything about it
but have you heard of this rich no the
Krampus movie being made which is it
sure know what I'm sure it'll be great
yeah I know I know nothing about even
know who's involved I don't fucking know
I just donate but you enjoy the shit out
of it I am I'm gonna enjoy the shit out
of that idea
Krampus horror movie where's my health
did you tell your kids about the Krampus
no I have not told my kids about the
Krampus should she's getting prepared
thing that needs to be widespread bad
children good Santa bring presents but
if you're bad mom's gonna come and whip
you I need to crack you to his cave so
for those for that person in jet who
wondered why you can't see my health
right now randomly in levels you will
you will get cursed and right now I have
the curse of the unknown which means I
can't see my current health status not
the not the biggest deal right now what
not even a little bit not even a little
bit and so it just gives you something
that you have to pay attention to and
I'm not super worried about it just cuz
I know my health is very high right now
my health is is pretty good and and I
haven't been taking many hits so I'm not
I'm not overly concerned with it I do
want that just get the two for two bombs
cause why not because why not for me am
i right rich white I'm right why not
have deep because you can think I have
the money I have the money right now I'm
so happy I got that deal with the devil
so early on really just deals my banks
deals my Isaac banks great great great
great everything is great everything is
great all the time why is there floating
baby head that's that's the level to
bandage girl and she protects me from
some incoming hits and shoots charm
shots which when hitting enemies can
randomly make them turn into allies and
attack other enemies weird gain isn't it
it's so I think it's charm it's so
there's so many weird different things
and power-ups that are odd yep and and
combining them just really oh yes nice
everything's great now oh I just got
flamed rich fucking wings I can fly now
oh I thought you said flanked he's got
some flank that's great what no that's
no I just got a flight to eternal which
is quite possibly and one of the most
powerful things you can get in the game
flying which means you're not affected
by spikes you're not affected by gaps in
the floor you can get more pickup
items everything about flight is the
greatest except pression except for
crashing but you don't I don't have to
worry about that just a king
Malaysian Airlines does but I'm jump
good
I'm just terrible I'm just terrible
you're nothing upsets everything I've
said it's terrible you're not killing it
tonight rich no nice you know why it's
because I'm playing Mad Max yeah you
know that night I'm not blaming that
specifically but I don't think that's
helping no I don't think that's helping
me but it's it's it's probably helping
you and so we're gonna be okay with it
we're gonna be okay with it
yeah that's okay Dungeon Master Blaster
view if you're too broke to sub this
month next month whatever you know weird
we're not here you know we appreciate
all the sudden that extortionists no
give us we're we're grateful for
anything you know and and we're grateful
just for you hanging out we like just
people people watching us you're
choosing to watch us and that is
something and is something just in
itself
can he see me shit shit what shit
oh I'm just all right I have so many
fucking soul hearts I don't even I mean
it's great okay
let's I have used the book of Revelation
yes and we got a horseman we got a
horseman we're fighting war that sounds
like it would be difficult
you would think actually war is one of
the easier horsemen that's just wrong
war should be fucking combat ready 100%
of the time yeah bridge what what why
have our third ball of bandages oh good
now when you don't get that fourth it's
gonna feel extra horrible we got it we
got the fourth the third ball of
bandages things are looking up okay we
are things are looking up so now I have
this little familiar that bandage girl
that follows me around and it's great
one horseman coming up right and I still
have one more horseman to face and of
course I couldn't just find a ball
advantages in regular item pickup room
everybody everybody hacks got one more
horseman it's either a bandage or what
our cube of meat
okay everybody at home you you I'm
assuming you have a coin right hence
heads is bandaged tails is meat I want
you to flip your coin right now and post
in the chat whether or not Jack got
bandage or meat this is this is exciting
this is uh I play XCOM I would never get
excited about a 50% chance to anything
yeah but 50% compared with you know like
I understand you know usually you're
you're I've already gone past my usual
chances
nothing I'm building up this this woman
it's gonna be epic jack it's gonna be
epic
all right I've used the Book of
Revelations oh wait but this might be
mom's level I think I'm on mom now so I
don't think it matters so you can't get
the bandage from the horseman anymore
no well yeah I can still face horseman
later on but I think this is I think
this is this is mom which just means
that which means that I'm facing mom for
sure and I'm not gonna get a bandage for
sure but I could always I could always
find the bandage later or and there's
like mom isn't the end of the game you
know you face mom there's another level
you faced mom's hard so I still have one
more chance for a horseman okay and of
course I could find it just you know
other places so I'm not giving up hope
yet I don't know if this for sure his
mom I wasn't 100% paying attention I
wasn't paying attention which I know is
terrible so was it mom or not chant did
anyone get a good look at the map in my
own mom kind of rinky-dink production
assistant right I was I wasn't paying
attention
that wasn't paying attention mmm
I just I just wasn't paying attention
and that's and that's my fault
that's 100% my fault
you're on Mon Mon I okay yeah so this is
mom this is mom which is okay because
there are still there are still chances
to get balls advantages I think there's
there's one more horseman I can face a
28 and and I could still find it I can
still find it we can do it we can do it
you can do it jack
we can I kiss I mean right now so it of
course just it's just luck at this point
it is your luck at this point I'm at all
points you say you do there's there will
be another Horseman opportunity that
there will be another Horseman a book so
and I have the horseman book so unless
you died a mom that's still a 50-50
chance
oh yeah come on you don't die to mom
anymore
I don't this is a thing your your past
mom no no I mean I mean your your you
know your your your high quality mom mom
fighter at this point yeah yeah okay I
don't know the Isaac's talk you don't
know the Isaacs oh that yeah I know I
know you don't know the guys yeah I'm
gonna I'm at a point now where mom is no
big deal and I have a good enough set of
items where where it's not it's not a
thing I'm worried about at the moment
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do I'm upset
that she has hit me as often as she has
but I'm gonna be okay with that
you're fighting her now I fought her now
I've already beat her
why don't we head which way do we wanna
head up or down I'm just gonna say don't
I'm just gonna say it you're gonna say
down great I'm just yeah why the fuck
not
don't I'm so sorry
it's too late great great great great
everything okay wait Sark's beer says
once you pick up the ball advantages you
are guaranteed not to pick up a cube of
meat although if you get conquest
instead of death
you won't oh if I get conquest instead
of death I won't get the ball advantages
disco cuz that's right drops a horse so
it's still 50/50
oh no it's worse than 50/50 it's now
we're at now we're at 25%
well you're they're gonna get conquest
or not right right but see what comes
Garrett bandage because you have a
bandage
no no well I actually I don't know these
are the things that you know I don't
know a lot about how the math works I
just because I spent I just played you
know I try not to I try not to read too
much into the game just because it's a
game that I enjoy so I try not to like I
try not to do like these things that I'm
doing where I'm you know restarting the
game to get a specific thing I've done
most of the game just natural I've
beaten it mostly natural
shooting at a thing that was driving
away from me at a fast speed okay
congratulations
yeah no I missed oh yeah oh you suck
been kind of you're not sugarcoating
yeah yeah thanks nice
everything is great fighting poop
monsters everything is great I love
monsters that makes me like that
actually makes me nauseous Jack you're
saying you like OB monsters and like
that kind of sexual way you just did
okay so according stream lis off-putting
according to shark spear if I get death
on this floor I am guaranteed to get the
ball advantages but if you get conquest
but it was time quest I won't get it
we're still at 55th okay so yes we are
at 50/50 and of course I could always
find the ball advantages somewhere else
in the level oh okay okay
incredibly incredibly low we're talking
about not even more talk about that but
it's it's there it's in there the
possibility exists what I what I really
need to be concentrating on also is
finding like the secret rooms and and I
haven't been concentrating on those as
much as I as much as I could have been
getting out of here not not falling for
that Satan not falling for that Satan I
can use seeds to get the lost I thought
you guys said I couldn't use seeds to do
stuff like that
didn't we have this conversation before
where I was talking about not using
seeds and how I almost broke to use
seeds and you said I couldn't do that
are you fucking with me now because I'll
just look it up I'll look into this I am
I am looking into it secret rooms where
Bibi
why are ye be secret rooms
why are bees
that's a great pirate thank you I felt I
felt really good about that
why seeds don't unlock stuff but the
lost works alright album you know what
I'll believe you I am still obviously
going to look into it cuz I don't want
to be caught off guard the Book of
Revelations again I have you know use
the book twice open for death we want
death rich what if it's an even or odd
thing what if what if using the book
Book of Revelations twice like ooh-ahh
sided oh god oh god you're gonna be
thinking about that the whole time even
though I completely pulled that out of
my ass back of your head yep oh it's
there it yeah you've even you've messed
with minority this is why I'm a jerk
I'm sure I mean no there are many other
reasons why you're a jerk shots fired oh
that's right thank you the pill and the
dice room is a health up you are correct
I want that you are correct and I want
that
come on secret room I have plenty of
bombs for a secret room searching hello
what do we have in here I don't think
this helps me at all its purity yeah
sure sure why not
okay great secret room secret room does
whatever a secret hide things you don't
want other people to know yes I can it's
a stick because you're really good at
writing songs rich yes half ripped off
from the simpsons movie yeah doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo okay going
slowly I am moving so slow because of my
lord because my lord ass can you can you
get rid of items I mean like this
lard-ass does that do anything now that
you can fly yeah it still smashes rock
when I when I apply over them when you
can fly over them oh yeah well the the
the reason why you want to smash rocks
is because often there are stuff hidden
in them like bandages
no not bandages but uh there could like
there could be seeker I just found a
secret room but while smashing through
rocks and the bandage could have been in
there and and or power-ups important
power-ups like damage up and or just
random shit so smashing rocks is still
important
you do do do okay here we go
feeding you with money about lunch
I think this is a Amana I'm on a weird I
think I'm on a labyrinth level I'm not
super out --fill but it's
everything's fine
great great great are you I'm sorry Zack
you didn't want that that's fine that's
fine okay keep moving keep moving don't
forget about the pill I won't forget
about the pill I might forget about the
pill like I don't necessarily like the
pill is not a top priority for me right
now only because you know I have very
high health at the moment and I have the
the item that gives me another blue
heart whenever I need it
red hearts are usually easier to find
other than this bandage girl thing if
you got this particular game in the bag
as far as victory goes what do you mean
oh oh yeah like I could I could beat
this game easy I have I have a good set
of power-ups beating the game is
something I could do very easily at the
moment so if I get bandage girl I am
confident in my ability to win the
entire game at this point it would be
defeating Satan yeah because I'm going
down but are there other bosses you you
haven't gotten to you have you have you
reached the bottom of the story rabbit
hole uh oh yeah I have I like I have
defeated you know there's two directions
after you defeat mom you can go up or
down and if you go up you have to fight
you fight yourself you fight Isaac and
then then you fight the lost
oh no you then you fight question mark
question mark question mark
how's it going and then if you go down
you fight how do you fight you fight
Satan and the lamb which is this
wonderful horrifying creature and I've
defeated all that and I've defeated mega
satan which is a really fun boss fight
so story wise yes I've completed all of
the story missions now there's just you
know lost now there's just lost II stuff
in this game in particular I have one
more mini boss then mom's heart then we
go down to fight Satan and then we go
down to fight the lamb and the mini boss
will be your horseman the mini boss will
be my horseman yes and and I found the
boss room and now I'm just kind of
scavenging looking for secrets and you
know making sure that are you are you
afraid to go into the boss I'm very
afraid to go into the bathroom
cuz that's it yeah that determines that
determines my fate rich and and and
already I'm doing I'm doing very well I
have three I have a fully leveled up
bandage girl and now I just need one
more bandage can I do it I don't know I
can't oh yeah I know it's a hundred
percent out of my hands
just looking for any more secret rooms
the off chance that there's a secret
room that I missed down here which there
could be I don't think I was blowing up
everything

[Part III]
I'm here which there could be I don't
think I was blowing up everything you
did I blow up you what what oh there's a
secret room sometimes there be bandages
in there alright we're gonna take a pill
here there's a health pill that I want
sup blow up and see what's in there oh
nice
crickets head my dead dog's head means
that my damage gets it's up which means
by the way that right now I'm carrying
my dead dog's head with me it's a great
it's a great game yeah that's fine
he's dead he doesn't care alright here
we go I'm going to the boss room rich
all or nothing
good luck death death means a victory
conquest means a failure we can still
still good will press forward will press
on because you know you can always find
a bandage somewhere else yeah yeah
button all right here we go
here we go get in there moving very
slowly very slowly okay I'm going in
rich hey good luck I'm ready oh that's
fucking conquest conquests fucking hell
we talked about the coin flip it's a
coin it was a coin flip we knew it was
and we knew it was a coin flip we're
gonna press on fuck kind of question
right around in but I don't care about
that because I have you know wings yeah
kill the horse no I on let's just move
on it
we'll see now will you know will press
on and we'll see if we can find that
ball of bandages somewhere else is there
another over lead strategy for getting a
bandage no I actually I think like I had
the best case scenario here which was
getting the Book of Revelations and
getting the Four Horsemen you can't get
a ball of bandages through anything
other than horsemen I mmm
don't listen to him jack they don't know
what they're talking about there's
always hope
least Lucian of hope I thought you can
find it in other places I thought you
could find it in secret rooms I mean I
could be wrong sharks beer you know you
can find hope and all sorts of pretty
lies sorts of pretty lies
rich rich wanted the negative rich
wanted me to go down so that's where I
went
oh so you're blaming me oh no people
were saying I should have taken the
Polaroid which has it gives you a
different set of power-ups but it's
potato potato for me right at this point
I certainly don't at this point I don't
either because it's saying I just wanna
bandage you're off and apparently and
according to shark's beer I can't get
her now I can't I mean I have her but I
can't get I can't get the one I want you
know so so then the question there's no
chance of randomly getting at them
that's that's what the sharks beer
saying I thought I've seen it before but
I think maybe you were half crazed with
your bandage girl badness that could be
I think what I need to do is like there
are there are certain pick up items like
the one I start with the d6 that
actually can change the other pick up
items and so then if I had something
like that I could try to change it until
I get the thing I want but I don't think
I can do that now forgets if I get the
Monster Manual I can summon a ball of
bandages oh well there you go but I
don't think I'll get the Monster Manual
at this point I could I guess I'll keep
playing because why not you know we can
have a wind yeah yeah well we'll beat
the game that's that'll be something are
you having fun that's all that matters I
love this game I haven't put aside the
crippling failure jack and just enjoy
the game I've been decent power-ups I'd
like my power upset right now is not
very flashy but it is very effective you
know it doesn't do anything like uber
cool ship
our phone to the point oh Jesus Christ
he disgraced I said Jesus Christ okay
Jebus crisp I got caught between an
enemy and a fire and I lost way more
hearts than I should have how many
should you have lost I should have lost
none and I lost several so so I lost way
more than I should have
I am a powerful being at the moment and
a loss of any heart is a failure okay
and here in the later levels the
horsemen can come back and you can just
fight them as regular likes not
mini-bosses but some bosses but they
don't give you any treats and it's just
like a punch of that yeah yeah yeah you
have to fight me again I don't give me
anything this time then hmm just restart
the game I could I easily could Oh
are you considering it am i considering
restarting the the real question is you
know so like obviously I could I can win
and I can beat the game with what I have
right now the real questions have you
stream feeding mega statement I can't
beat in mega Satan yeah the only because
I can't get to mega satan in order to in
order to get to mega satan a whole bunch
of malarkey but but that that doesn't
matter that's just one endings every
everything has these little rules rich
in order to get to mega satan you have
to unlock angel rooms blow up and fight
the angels that give you prizes yeah you
have to blow up and fight two of them to
get a master key to open up the giant
locked door this all sounds crazy I know
I can imagine to someone like who's not
nice to the game this just nothing
utterly utterly absurd but you know
that's Isaac utterly utterly absurd
okay I have on it and you can unlock the
lost through seats yes sharks green you
say that before
and I appreciate knowing that I was a
church tree says I was mistaken about
the ball advantages you can still get it
through the monster manual but good luck
with all that
so it's still possible I'm just gonna
beat the game that's that's what I've
decided what's what's the deal help me
help me out with this monster manual
what is what is what is involved the
monster manual is is another pick up
item it's a used item and it summons
what does it do I almost never use it
and it summons a familiar and that
familiar could be a bandage girl and if
it could be a ball of bandages and so if
I summoned a ball of bandages it would
mean that my bandage grown in four
levels yeah so it is still possible but
incredibly very unlikely how unlikely is
finding the book I mean one in hundreds
yeah one in hundreds just to find the
book and then and then getting the ball
of bandage is another 100 s you know
that's that's the game all right
but that's okay nice nice
amnesia
you fuck so okay so now I'm in I'm in
the darkroom I'm in the darkness which
is a good place to be that's where I
want to be I've beaten Satan at this
point and and I'm losing terribly to a
mini-boss which I shouldn't be well your
heart's not into it
my heart's not anymore right right
more so I got a I got a pill that was
full health pill so I knew it liked it
you know and I have a ton of red hearts
and so I was just like yeah I can just
use that pill so I wasn't really trying
against these little bosses and now I
use the pill so I feel I feel a little
more motivated there ain't no time for
sulking and Isaac Jack there's plenty of
time for sulking and I plenty of time
they built in a so commoner no it's fine
everything's gonna fine we're gonna beat
the lamb the lamb is oh is it cool and
boss I always like the art design on the
lamb it's gonna be great and then we're
gonna try again and we're you know we
can do one more run one more run of
Isaac before the night is done you
should try further the other world or
though the lost I'm sorry there oh yeah
yeah if I if I don't get if I don't get
the Book of Revelations again and there
you need to be killed by an enemy that
has a bomb in his head on the first
level as Isaac okay and so if I don't
get the book of Revelation and that guy
is there then yes we will be going
we lost okay but the Book of Revelations
changes everything
yeah cuz that makes that makes bandage
girl possible yeah Jack point I'm sorry
you said what he's not running oh that
that you got the II didn't get done well
I appreciate your concern obviously
that's that's the roll of the dice
sometimes so not I'm not too bummed
about it we were the problem was we were
close you know yeah I know I know what
it's like to be close to the hard thing
to do last minute right I fully
sympathize as your friend I actually am
sorry about the Isaac and some of this
stuff he just sounds like weirdness to
my brain I know it means something well
it only sounds like weirdness because it
is utter weirdness rich yeah yeah with
you which is why I like the game so much
because of how strange it is actually an
that might not even beat the lamb I am I
am biffing with all of these enemies and
nobody is dropping any hearts for me I'm
Biffen
but I just found a scrap truck zu
congratulations Thank You
congratulations on your scrap of
trucking that's some free shit it's but
thatís so 400k that's great thanks
fearful sludge boy so you get two levels
to be killed by the bomb ahead bad guy
you just need to be killed by him in the
basement which is the first two levels
of the game so I get two tries I get two
tries to die to die correctly so that's
good is it a rare thing to find the bomb
mm-hmm it's not you know like again
enemies is randomly generated it's rare
and then the the real hard part is you
need to be prepared because a bomb head
won't kill you instantly
you have to be low health and then find
a bomb ed you know oh my god it's a
whole thing it's just a whole thing rich
how low does your health need to be I
think a bomb head only gets you for half
a heart oh my god yeah so you need to be
you need to be on the verge of death
anyway and I've been close a couple
times with the bomb head things but you
know now I'm usually never prepared for
it and so then I try to like run away
from them and bomb myself like hurt
myself but then you excited like Bob Bob
head yeah exactly cuz they chase you can
you just leave the room um well I guess
I could leave the room yeah if I if I
worked on it hard enough I could bomb a
door and leave a room that's a that is a
good strategy rich thank you I'm a
master strategist
are you down spider where the fuck is
this lamb the lamb like the cute name
for Jesus yeah that's not with Jesus is
Jesus I'm sorry Jesus is the Lamb of God
Jesus is God in all these theologies
that I don't know what they're talking
about you got confused and muddled and
he's bothering he's both he's both the
Lamb of God and God you know what I kiss
here right there somewhere Jesus is God
than the other where he's not God he's
got son no no I mean I think in all in
all of them Christian Christianity and
all the Christianity's he is both the
son of god and god that's a Holy Trinity
like the Harry Harry Krishna's movie
well no that's how it is in Catholicism
or there's more than Catholicism or more
moms I like saying in Mormon there's a a
comical number of different Christian
sects thirty thousand or something
really weird a high high high number I
thought I thought they they only liked
ones I thought they only liked one kind
of sex
I was pretty ever with that one this is
not appropriate this is not fun this is
not what we need right now rich what do
we need I need I need to find the boss
before I die
and right now it's not it's not doing it
oh man I might die before I get to the
lam which I guess you know like not them
not the worst thing in the world but you
know you get this far you kind of want
to do all right
restart restart and rich here we go all
right good luck we're gonna make it
we're gonna try to get one more solid
attempt out of this you know like if we
can get the Book of Revelations again or
if we can start a lost you know you got
a few restarts sure sure yeah yeah yeah
yeah oh yeah yeah I guess maybe I'm just
warning everyone is there might be a few
restarts
we are working toward stuff it almost
worked the last time it did we came very
close the last time I'm not being
sarcastic it almost worked the last time
mm-hmm oh yeah I know I know I mean once
once I get like once I get the lost like
the journey only begins cuz the lost is
apparently just the biggest beast I
swear to God save that for a lot less
than you do it might make for a fun
stream if you could capture you
completing Isaac on camera and your
reaction it might be it might be
priceless
mmm-hmm it'll be won't that be a moment
you
want captured oh you know yeah maybe
maybe
right right off the bat we got flight
that's great and we're gonna beat that
time limit - before the expansion comes
out and fucks all these plans oh I know
I really gotta get on the ball what to
do once the birth comes out a couple
questions for ya if your save didn't get
corrupted yeah would you have done it by
now done 110% that I was pretty far
ahead in my save so I would have been I
would have been very close I don't I
mean I I don't know if the answer is yes
but I would have been obviously I would
have been significantly closer at least
everything but the lost probably at that
point yeah yep I was much further ahead
like like for example actually in my
other save file I already had bandage
girl I already had the bandage girl of
achievement I just ran I happened to get
her so so I guess definitely I would add
a beatin cuz I already beat it once you
complete the game 110 percent 110
percent will you be done with it
yeah yeah once I 110 percent I I won't
feel an FTL I think I did they might
have put the expansion there might be
something I did but I I kept playing it
yes that's me
you know like to me like beating the
lamb or beating question mark yep is not
it's not like the the spectacle that it
once was
I'm very
I'm almost I'm almost like I don't care
about beating that stuff anymore you
know I I got that way an FTL with the
the mothership where I could reliably
beat it and I saw something and just
enjoyable about playing the game
experience of growing power from nothing
right was enticing yeah and you know I
guess the yeah this game just does not
do that for me yep P stuff mofo says
fuck finishing space cop Isaac man right
you know party that's true this is a
gaming centric channel so we do try to
play games every once in a while I enjoy
doing these space cop streams and of
course I am also still working on space
cop outside of you know rich in eyes
prereq episodes outside of all of my
other work my paying work but being
adults all about exactly so I mean I am
then you too for work working on space
got everything being an adult sucks yeah
you know there are good days in their
bed one of the best theme songs in
television history is the robots key
theme song 9 television history that's
that was a television show I don't know
I watched it on television
like all the time sure you did like all
the time it was on it was on forks forks
is on Forks news they show that every
few spiders rich spiders are all up in
my bees they're up in the bays
you're saying words I don't know what
they mean your base they're all up in
bathe what do you mean by base they're
all up in lose deck are you losing it
mmm slightly did that last run like fry
your brain it didn't you know I put it
put a hamper have you retreated into
your own mind I put a hamper on uh on
things yeah yeah it would have it would
have been amazing right and we we all
need to deal with this fact ya know and
like you said it really it was it was a
coin flip is what it was and I'm
comfortable with that
you you maximized your odds but that's
all you can do that's all you can do all
right at the end of the day we just have
to trust in what Jesus has in store for
us what what what what what happened I
blacked out for a second
rich yeah you spoke in tongues it was
very are you looking forward to the new
Muppet Show what's abusing yeah I you
know might get maybe and I don't really
care how I'll be honest with ya I have
no strong feelings towards the new
Muppet Show I grew up with the Muppets
Jack yeah you know I fondness and if I'm
this procurement the gang sure I have
fun that's for coming the gang like a
you know might be fine I just don't I
don't really care what's not really
fondest none is
no I mean I've fondness for the Muppets
you know I enjoy I enjoy about probably
80% of the stuff the Muppets have done
until recently the Muppets have just
been depressing after the death of Jim
Henson because that that hung over the
Muppets he was too too big a part of
everything the puppets was yeah yeah
yeah it lost a little bit but felt like
a corpse lost some love after Jim ensign
passed but you know like but oh my lord
I got a horseman I got a horseman rich
yep
even though I don't have the Book of
Revelations I'm fighting famine well
what's your call are you gonna you don't
have the book that makes the horseman a
thing right ocular but you know I can
find that book in two other places okay
so I mean obviously you know the big
question here is am I gonna get some
bandages or am I gonna get some meat yep
that's the big question
and I'm going it might be me but I
you've been on a bandage streak so
you're doing your meters do know it's
always always 50/50 there's no there's
no do forever
oh those bastards I don't know no it was
it was a Cuban man oh so I was right you
were right the the real problem is the
curse that I had in this one the curse
that I had in this one is I couldn't
tell what pickup item there was and I
did have something that changed the
pickup item so he had I know it doesn't
matter trying again
well trying again keep going keep moving
on
what that's a Muppets thing moving right
along we took it young took a Chinese
you put loose and fancy free yeah you
gotta check good I'm ready for the big
time is it ready for me oh my god yeah I
just saw them up in movie recently see
kids like see it for the first time or
something yeah yeah and man not
necessarily a great movie it has so much
heart but it's so dated
just like ages so they there is a Hari
Krishna running gag yeah and I don't
think many people know what a Hari
Krishna is anymore
you know that was a very popular thing
in the late 70s early 80s yeah but no
one knows what that is anymore even just
this style of comedy is very vaudvillian
and and I just don't think it plays
necessarily well to younger modern
audiences younger modern audiences are
stupid that's that's also true that's
also true but yeah it's fine
I enjoyed of course because yeah I got
most of the jokes
that's a fine reason I'm not I'm not
some dumb ass kid you know like like
what if your children my children
terrible yes how dare I
oh they're your kids I get you know
whether it's true
all right come on can't make some
wonderful noises when you when you get
hurt - stupid shit that you should not
be getting her - it's just it's a
kicking of balls
yeah life is the ultimate ball kick life
is the ultimate ball kick Frank Evans
nice no let's try our luck here that
doesn't does that help can i rear ole I
can't rear ol boss's right if I have the
D for someone someone check the check
the wiki can we can you reroll bosses
with the d4
the d4 dice powerup rerolls enemies in a
room so if you don't like the enemies
that you're facing you can save fucking
new enemies but I don't believe the d4
to rear old bosses trying to trying to
manipulate yourself some horsemen I'm
trying to manipulate myself some
horsemen I'm trying to game the system
and I don't I don't think it does is the
real thing
it's starting to get warmer out Jack
I've had my window open all day it's
been perfectly nice and pleasant now I'm
starting to get stuffy before we rolls
all your items
oh all right let's see what enemy we got
here see what we're dealing with
oh and we got a horseman detain all
right so we got we got something here
we've been that we've been pretty pretty
a horseman heavy here and that's I mean
obviously that's that's what we're
hoping for but still interesting come on
die you fucker and give me band-aids
this is what we were doing time die you
fucker
give me bandit die you fucker I got a
Cuba fucking meat let's get now you're
gonna be doing some bandages there's no
there's no do ya do fucking casino
jackers do there's no casinos are the
biggest ripoff in the world unless
you're a mathematician well yeah Disney
World
then you play poker and you're all good
there Disney World that gives you money
right
did I just impale a guy to a wall with
an exploding spear that was fucking
awesome I just impaled a war boy to a
wall with an exploding spit and then did
this very explode that sphere would have
a very interesting name you know the
whole madman I can't I can't get into it
I can't be down with your mad maxing
what the game yeah playing it tonight
what what be playing it tonight or the
game engine the game in general yeah I
was so bored a little I played in that's
fine different strokes for different
folks
and it very true if only our viewers
would have that attitude when they stick
them no I can't imagine that many people
will be saying man when I'm gonna be
frustrated cuz I didn't even hate the
game but just just a major aspect of it
right
alright just a major aspect of it that's
the real thing you hated parts of the
game but all they're gonna hear is you
hate you I'm well aware I'm well aware
of the nightmare that's going to
transpire
it's gonna be it's gonna be fun
ultimately what I did we wouldn't have
bought the game otherwise if we weren't
doing a review and I I am liking
sneaking around so it's worth it
yeah sneaking around is fun I wish there
was something compelling me to do it
more but that's fine
Thanks beating Isaac isn't dependent on
a lucky run it's helpful but skillful
players can make it far without
overpowered pickups absolutely like the
thing I am trying to do right now
obviously it depends on a ton of lock
button just beating the game no you just
have to be good and and no matter no
matter your power up said there are some
power upset obviously really hurt but no
matter your power upset everyone should
be able to the game should be able to be
in beat you know there are better power
ups than others but obviously you get
you get some some mega combinations and
and you're a mini God and that it feels
great but not not necessary
are there Isaac prodigies who routinely
stream like lost runs
oh yeah like and there I think there are
people that exclusively stream Isaac you
know yeah
and that's that is just their life I
forget their names at the moment it's
the life they've chosen it's the life
they've chosen and yeah that's fine I
can understand it I can understand it
you know if I could I don't know if I do
everything
mostly because most of them have already
like 110 percent at everything and it's
just like for me then all the fun would
be gone what is what is the lifespan on
a channel that only streams one game
what does that get old it depends on the
game right I love twitchplayspokemon
he's nice people but is that is that
still gonna be a thing in like five
years
well you know he they they've expanded
right they've they've worked on they've
been trying different games and and what
is what is what is twitch plays up to
now then what but I don't know if it's
officially at twitch but they're like
what weren't they doing at twitch plays
Dark Souls for a little bit you know
yeah we're not talking about the same
person
okay promise and I don't know if there's
person is twitch pokemon is here in chat
they can tell us the same person but you
know I think then that's when you start
branching out you know you're known for
one game you have to do that one game
over and over and then you slowly branch
out
well I'm known for this game but okay
here we go we got a Worthen I've heard
of the name cobalt streak as an as an
Isaac streamer switch plays Desert Bus
twitch plays
turn left slightly slightly turn right
slightly I'd be terrible I mean that
would be great and by the way it would
be a hit that's the sad thing of course
it would be like that's the that's the
great thing that twitchplayspokemon
discovered is like the drama in watching
humanity you know group dynamics dynamic
yeah okay rich we have one ball of
bandages how early on the first stage we
have one called bandages so okay that's
the thing hey that's the thing we we
could have a thing going here
I could have a thing going I don't know
if we do I am no oh no I didn't pick up
they are you basically screwed if you
don't get the book what's wrong with
this attempt yeah yeah cuz then if I
don't have the book there is no
guarantee that I will get yeah you know
obviously there's no guarantee but it it
means that the odds are not in my favor
to get the horsemen yeah and so I'm
hoping that I can find the book on then
you know assuming the next level but if
not yeah I'm just kind of screwed which
is you know sad it's like real life
you're always just kind of screwed it's
a harsh lesson yeah it's a harsh lesson
that Isaac teaches what 1% of people
that get the band-aids have all the
band-aids you have nothing I have Chad
seen these the blood-borne DLC rich have
you seen the blood-borne DLC worth more
weapons more missions yeah things more
things to do anything really
particularly exciting I mean yeah it
more blood-borne so sell me on this shit
it's more blood-borne what else do you
need I need a hook significant enough to
draw me back in oh and and I don't think
it has that it's just it's just more
missions and more weapons and more and
more of it you know
so I can't I don't know if I can I don't
know if I can sell you on I don't think
even I know that much about it beyond
that it exists that's more than
everything that doesn't exist consent
boom boom rich truer words never been
spoke suck everything fuck fuck fuck the
time again it's 11:15 50 in the PM yeah
what are you saying jack what are you
saying I'm saying if this run doesn't
start turning around were oh god we're
doing the old calling skis that's good
shit item and and I used my magic item
changer and it gave me a different shit
item come on not shit item that's kind
of a shit item - I don't care about that
either sucks to be you
yeah we're not having we're not having
the best room you had one nearly magical
run Jack yes more than you probably
could hope for when you started oh that
I mean I had that that's way more than I
could hope for when I started streaming
is an I that was an almost run you know
so that's that's way more than I was
thinking that ever get I'm trying to
find a another battery to recharge my
item changer so I can try to change that
item once again to get a not shit item
but I just don't see that happening
but the item couldn't be the bad date it
could be the unban date if I found
another battery but unlikely unlikely
I'll just take this guy but - on the
well you still the first level I'm now
in the second level and I'm about to
fight the boss and so we are about to
find out whether or not this boss is a
horseman it is not a workman that
doesn't mean that the run is necessarily
dead
as I think I think of the other game
even with the Book of Revelations I you
know I didn't face a horseman every bad
guy so we are so we're gonna we're gonna
power forward is what I'm saying we're
gonna we're gonna make it to the third
level see if we can get a horseman there
if we don't get a horseman there then
we're definitely fucked
I don't believe ball advantage can be
obtained by reeling treasure rooms and I
don't know that's that's a thing that I
don't know I assume can just because it
just rerolls the power up so I thought
it holds from every available power up a
possibility but I know man I don't know
nothing
no nobody could see this but no you know
what I love and Mad Max what do you love
in Mad Max the move you can uh you can
upgrade that lets you kill people by
bashing their head into a wall alright
if you're by a Ledge instead of smashing
their head
he'll just throw them off the Lynch
alright I fuckin love it every time it
happens kind of a sick individual
I am my pit I to enjoy violence
I too enjoy violence it makes me happy
unless you're getting your head smashed
door wall well you know we enjoy
violence because we're fortunate enough
not to be around it all that often
yes so we can enjoy it for its novelty
and not its everyday occurrence and
that's some real talk right there
sorry sorry to get some fucking real on
everyone ooh interesting we you know we
got Harwich what we got a monster manual
Oh
oh and you got a fly or something all
right
hey God now you need it all oh no oh no
we got a monster man you all right you'd
only use that I'm assuming you can only
use that once what do we the Monster
Manual it's one time well you use it
once and then your buddy stays with you
for the rest of the room to throw the
room not they're not the level so you
don't use that and so you have the
others well I mean I could I can I can
but I can use it over and over again
every chart and there's okay another
recharges every root every three rooms
but it's not gonna do you much good
unless you have three yes you are
correct but if I have three other
bandages I there's a possibility of
rolling another bandage and enbe getting
in so I'm not giving up on this run just
yet okay it's basically you have to no
no right now I only have one well right
now I have one bandage right but one of
them is the the book you get a bandage
you get a regular bandage right from up
all right that horse might give you meat
so you got okay
nothing oh yeah no right now I have
nothing and the book only generates a
random buddy that could be a bandage it
could also generate something that is
not
yeah but your multiple shots back it's
nice yeah peep no horsemen no this is
probably this is probably not happening
this run thought I'd just beat some
guy's brains in against the wall well
then there you go rich you're happy
you're happy I'm happy
and what's more important that's a
philosophical argument right there it's
one person's happiness more important
than another person's happiness you know
who's who's the person who gets to make
that judgment call well that's not
qualified they say that in any
relationship you're only allowed to be
as happy as the least happy person
that's true but that's the general rule
of thumb I think I think the CEO was a
lot happier in his relationship with us
employees I'm just I'm just throwing
that out there
Touche well I wouldn't write when Tyree
rolling irie rolling some shit
yeah not happy that's what we got here
that doesn't help yeah it doesn't help
none of this helps everything sucks
battery in the shop and I just there's
somebody over lunch I love that so much
I'm a horrible person
yeah there's no there's no plug in the
shop there's no way to recharge the
Monster Manual this is not happening
this is not happening on this fuck you
tried I did yeah I'm a jerk spirit only
it only keeps that buddy for that room
so I can keep spamming that monster
manual over and over again that doesn't
necessarily like it won't do many good
it won't do me any good okay yeah those
rolls were worse than worse I know where
did we where did we leave off here I
think I think we left off on gibbous
moon and so then we're going to say
sharks beer I remember read the fervent
and I think I remember gibbous moon
exactly sleeping so then we're gonna say
ragged scribe ragged rag described
impoverished evans the apparent at the
plan words yep yeah food cock it's also
accurate
and sagging 12.20 Carl Sagan saggin yeah
sagging okay it's like sagging also
Killroy mix bunk thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate all of
you it's true we really do thanks for
coming out today I know I know you know
we didn't have a big plan I do have a
plan for when rich and I are in the same
room together new games but I'm glad I
got to play some Isaac that's a fun
that's a fun Isaac thing I think he's
gone right fine
