Jul 29, 2015
Pokemon FireRed
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/11379186
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/11400722
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/11402040
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgAgVwchKYE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdgpR5m2hV0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cxvanfp0j1w
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/626479794612338688

[Part I]
and we are totally streaming Foca my
favorite what straining huh we by all
accounts we could be streaming how the
fuck does a chant get too rich Evans is
pregnant how the fuck does they even
come about how did you got one how did
you guys hear about that - where did
that come from
I knew we left you for a while and I'm
sorry about that Jackson a mood kiss
he's just in a mood now I was in a mood
and I'm gonna get better I'm gonna feel
better once rich starts playing and
loving Pokemon like I know he will
so I still don't know what a Pokemon is
yeah yeah it's a pocket monster it's a
Pokemon nobody what do you want it's a
monster that it has the ability to fit
in your pocket are there none pocket
monsters yes what here's what I mean
like monsters that don't fit in your
pocket but what's different a pocket
monster for regular mods are the regular
monsters if there's no regular monsters
there a reason and dedicating something
to be called a pocket monster well
technically speaking they're all
whosever's any of the decided to put one
in their pocket they're all monsters the
things that make them Pocket Monsters is
when they go in there pokeballs and the
Pokemon buzzes way is smooshed down and
you can put them in your pocket what
assholes season wild-animal says yeah
I'm gonna shove that thing into a small
ball so I can carry it around in my
pocket
hmm and then make it horribly like fight
other people just fine kind he's gonna
make it fight other monsters yeah yeah I
know listen I know I know it's it's
torture it's it's a it's Pokemon there's
you know they do go through a whole
thing in Pokemon weather just like no
you know
Pokemon need this you know because it's
what they like there's actually a whole
big one of the later they like being
enslaved and shoved in a small one of
the later pokemon games the bad guys are
all about like Pokemon rights and they
don't want the trainers to fight them
anymore I agree right can you guys can
you support them can I say yeah this is
a horrible practice I always thought
that would make one of the best games as
if you were on like team rocket's side
and you got to steal your first Pokemon
so you could choose from any starter not
just like the three bullshit starters
button any knee if you want to go back
to fucker you go back to fucker
let's jet thing what's the what's the
name sir consensus should we name it
after somebody good question
pick a chap named here I see one first
one I see shucks
test your jacks test what did the
Pokemon guy that's first name I saw
Dexter okay how about just Chuck's no
okay enough room I'll call him Jack
texture chucks test Chuck test alright
right so your name is Chuck sticks this
is my grandson whose name I can't yeah
he's been your rival since your babies
oh no and this guy's a professor yep one
named Jack him a new name maybe you
named Chuck sex after a subscriber I
named it can you yeah new name ah
alright who wants to be this jerk
whispers mrs. jerk
looking for the word jerk somebody
somebody somebody type in jerk
one team becomes as a big dumb jerk but
burger Bonanza just said jerk
he's burger burger burger this is our
rival burger great you're a jerk
congratulations thanks for subscribing
asshole Pokemon is already filling me
with joy I'm just glad we could figure
this out I like I said the hardest part
was that we were prepared and through
sheer dumbest of luck it didn't wanna
seeee meant nothing Jack what I'm trying
to forget about we got a scream I'm here
compartmentalize compartmentalize I'm
here I'm here but the I'm Mad Max how
great bad boys Mad Max is so great why
she called furiosa fucking pokemons
I love Pokemon so much it's a world of
dreams and adventures rich it's a world
of dreams and motherfucking adventures
as we're talking about the part of the
stream that will be cut when you put
this up on YouTube yeah Pokemon came out
when I was in college yes this I was
excited to play pokemon as I am to watch
an episode of Teletubbies so you've
never seen an episode of Teletubbies
okay no I'm not three you know what
before even before I had children I
watched a full episode of Teletubbies
just to understand what the fuck was
happening I saw a clip that was enough I
got it
you didn't think like oh it's it's nuts
its way its way nuts er than you think
it would be okay I'll boys leave home
someday it said so on TV that's your
that's your parenting mother yes oh yes
both next-door was looking for you
mm-hmm okay yep
Pete this is a hell of a stream for
twitchplayspokemon to not be here oh
sure
sucks to be him well he's probably you
know what he probably saw what we were
screaming was like you know what I get
enough of that okay I'm good
I'm good on the Pokemon situation I got
these houses are identical
that's burgers house
what is this boogers little sister
hijacks test my brother burger is out at
grandpa's lab all right until the lab
was next door that this is the fucking
lab no it's not the lab it's a big map
of Kanto region now this would be useful
just take it but taking she doesn't get
it she's sitting there staring at a
fucking map why you staring at a fucking
map what's wrong with you it's a region
it's a big you cannot care don't care
don't kick yeah I'm ready said hi you're
the brother of our you're the sister of
my rival on to Franco I'll beat your ass
don't you know you want to get with her
that'll really make your rival upset you
get with my sister we palet tone yeah
got a fuckin name is that what this is a
grocery store SP is a color thing they
have a whole color thing they have a
whole color thing rich why you study
Pokemon as Professor Oak's aide Oaks
Oaks aid professor oaf may not look like
much but he's the authority on hockey
Mon many pokémon trainers hold him in
high regard it's true that's true about
Bakuman I stuttered pokemons as
Professor Oak's aid now okay now that
you're just doing this on purpose
oh there's your rival right oh no no oh
yeah good
it's only Jex Dex Gramps isn't around
yeah he's a dickhead those are hockey
balls
yeah contains hockey mom
where they say oath was well they said
he was in his lab but he's obviously not
in his lab because you were just in his
lab technology is incredible you can now
store and recall items and pokemons as
data via PC so we're not just shoving
them balls were we're digitizing you can
also upload them to the computer
stealing their their physical form mmm
and turning them into information which
can be easily deleted copied yep
as people are horrible I think yeah oh
oh hey wait I see him by trying to leave
town
yeah it's unsafe well pokemons live in
tall grass you need your own paw c'mon
for your protection you know come with
me
so also what that means is that anything
any place there's a tall grass a wild
Pokemon I can come and attack you and if
you don't have your own pokémon it'll
tear the shit out of you which means by
the way in their little town right there
they don't have a grocery store they
don't have an energy plant a gas station
they need to risk their lives every day
in order to get supplies for their
little village so so is the capture and
eat Pokemon yeah this is what I'm saying
but the part of the pokémon kind of
deserve it because they're horrible
assholes Oh Gramps I'm fed up with
waiting burger let me think
oh that's right I told you to come Joss
hey here are Chuck's tests there are
three Hakeem on here
hahahaha about our health inside these
Pocky balls where they're hideously
tortured in this small confined space
era shacks keep them in line
when I was young I was a serious
pokemons trainer my spine hurt so in my
old age I have only these three loves
I'll do whatever you want
choose hey Gramps no fear what about me
this is grandson yeah let's get you some
butt burgers such a burger is such a
dickhead his grandfather is giving other
kids stuff before him hey glad we named
him after yet burger happy about that
that make you smile
be patient burger you can have one too
after this stranger has the first pick
yeah sure well you can choose Oh
so Jay Taylor like a fire thing a water
thing
turtle swirl a turtle squareheads he's a
turtle that squirts water or a leaf
thing bulba saur he's like he's like a
turtle frog with leaves and so the the
the way is part of a fire burn with fire
okay that's great
so there's a rock-paper-scissors element
to the types of Pokemon right so for
example you know leaf fire water fire is
strong against leaf leaf is strong
against water water is strong against
fire right okay
so what's important as you gather
pokemons and all the whatnots and whose
it is to have a diverse team who wants
to be the small tortured animal say say
uh I worked for this Ajax say owl say
I'll say all my spine there's no just
now
level squirt distance nice Oh bother
Oh bother
okay Oh Bobby oh I mean I like Oh Bobby
slipped or something I don't I don't
know oh what's back okay
Oh Bobby Oh bother
life goes on I'll dig this one then
burger received the squirtle from
Professor Hulk so he chooses the one
that's strong against strong against you
all the time that's programmed yeah so
no matter which one you pick he'll pick
the one strong against you because you
routinely have to battle him okay come
on I'll take you on in fact right now
you're gonna have your first Pokemon
ball yeah yeah I'm so are you riveted
and like right now you are in the lab
and your your your monsters are about to
punch each other in the like lab with
all the precious lab equipment and
professor looks like millions of dollars
worth of research kids that's why all of
that's that's you know what what that's
why the grandfather let him shoot a
second it was it was a setup it was all
a fucking setup he really does love
burger he wanted burger to have the
advantage
ah rich you put it you put it out okay
Chuck spider Chuck's next you've never
had you can just you know get to press
the button to go to dinner but lowering
our HP is there with you my rabbit I'm
adding you laughter Spanish mishmash try
battling and see for yourself
fight scratch okay you scratch the shit
out of him inflicting damage on a foe is
the key to any battle really yeah that's
true rich I've heard that
Wow look at this exciting combat what
this is your first is your first cause
look who's tailwhip Oh bothers defense
fell
no no look I just keep it in the a
button Wow Wow I love these these charm
JPJ RPG battles look at this I'm just
hitting the same button on the button I
hit in the button you're hitting it I
saw one I want I hit the planet Navi one
I'm glad that you won it would have been
really embarrassing if you lost
that's right the the combat is not
necessarily the focus of the game it's
the collecting and yeah so it's all a
bunch of OCD bullshit I did actually I
think the the famously the creator of
Pokemon is autistic that's not a joke
that is a joke check no no that is not a
joke that is not a jokey he has I
believe he is obsessive-compulsive and
that's why he made this game yeah I want
to say that's true hopefully hopefully
that's true okay I'll make my Pokemon
battle to toughen it up Chuck's test
grabs smell you later famously yeah he
is famously like the the man who created
the original Pokemon idea was like maybe
not autistic but maybe maybe OCD like
all I know is you know he he befriended
some some developers and had to pitch
his head to really hard pitch this game
several times before Nintendo allowed
him to try to make it he made them a lot
of money yes
Brooklyn got relatively little for
himself yeah oh no I don't know there's
the thing is a cat thing
oh so no he was not autistic he had
Asperger's I had a spur yes so sorry who
says you know something kind of like
autism he had it he had he had a
condition in an Asperger's is the ass
the patty or is the ass the buns
I'd be the patty a buns fits over sponge
but buns plus two cheeks oh sure I was
you know what I was too caught up in
Sandwich logistics seven to call gay sex
is that our ass burger put the meat
between the buns
I'm quietly laughing and shaking my head
average boy oh no no one of those things
oh that's a ratatata I'm today I'm hit
me yeah you sure are hitting edge like a
champ rich like a fucking champ
get out of here no no if you fainted
that one I hit the head eh enough you
did oh and you leveled up mom up seven I
gotta keep doing that a thousand times
nothing up so far well they got the book
and I better you go kids using that you
move on you learned ember what the fuck
is that is that just another thing I'm
going to ignore because they did the
most effective tackle at ember is your
most effective Sapna that's your fire
attack okay it's now moving via Google
the next town talk to people go you
don't just you know I or keep fighting
the Ratatat ascent more effective oh my
god oh my god oh my god you're right
rich is a Pokemon master he's getting it
he knows what's today yeah yeah you guys
does the tie I I'm sorry I have not
addressed this I see that everyone is
addressing the text speed do you think
it really matters rich can just press a
button and the tech speed will go all
the way to the end right away it's a
convenient Shane selling all sorts of
items so settle down about the tech
speed please visit us and Viridian city
I know I'll give you a sample here you
go
taint the potion yep what's the potion
do checked ID heals you it heals your
pokemons but I haven't lost any home you
have not lost any health you you've
fought bravely so far I have you sure
have told that Pokemon what to do you've
given that Pokemon a what chicken I
gotta find a chicken you do have to
fight a chicken that happens
I don't know I was like percent of
health please explain my love for this
game you know part of it is the animals
part of it is just training the animals
you because you have to you know you
catch all the Pokemon in your head you
kind of have to build your team your
squad your your party right and you do
get slightly attached to all the
adorable little animals and that's part
of it and then you know you only get
four move slots you can only teach them
four moves at a time right and so then
you try to you kind of mold them and
it's all very simple and it's all very
light but you know you have to choose
the best attacks for each animal then
you so you start getting a little
attached and they evolve and turn into
bigger horrible monstrosity
Rick rich is now showing you his
exciting press a strategy listen to the
Furious A's try to win this shit next
comp so obviously in these early battles
yes that's all you're doing is pressing
a over and over and over again but as as
the battles grown as your Pokemon grow
the battles get a little more strategic
and it's you only get four moves and so
literally like there's not a ton of
strategy but oh really all oh I believe
I've called this a light game many times
but that you know most of it is just
like raising your little animal friends
and then swapping them out for anything
that's even slightly better at a pin
drop but I've like I've gone I'm
supposed to catch these things well you
don't have any pokeballs in okay you
have to make it up to the to the shop
first so you know that's part of it is
is raising your team and getting
attached to team members and you know
even though I should switch out this guy
for for this ice type Pokemon because I
know the Elite Four is weak against ice
type oh I really love this type you know
there's there's a lot there's a lot to
love
these games that isn't the combat and
mostly it's just the adorable little
animals as it
rich does not have balls right now
I belly like a you fuckers damages the
beginning of what I think I had a little
damage that doesn't matter it's free
heal every tongue every every new battle
no it didn't
the hump bar is all the way phone did
you give it the potion no oh uh maybe
you take any damage that could be that
could be
I love how Jack describes to burn a
friendship favor and calls it in for
pokemon red versus Team Fortress 2 what
oh you mean make rich play pokemon a
rich made me play XCOM yeah this is just
how it works sometimes is I I am I'm
sharing so there's nothing up there you
don't have been kind of an asshole yeah
and he's doing it be fair I'm being a
jerk he's doing it mostly for comedies
we'll say 90% for comedy 85% for comedy
yeah yeah oh this is just my game log
off get out of here you don't need to be
up here that's like online trading and
battling people stuff I never go up here
it doesn't matter nothing matters rich
made me play frog fractions right right
like well I was different Oh what did I
say I said something
so I think what you needs file there it
is the pokey marked there you go if you
find your pokey Mart
hey you you came from Pallet Town
yes you know Professor Oak right his
order came in can you see guy k get you
to take it to him will you take it to
him apparently I said yes great take it
anyway oh yeah am I supposed to buy a
ball where's the ball I want a ball huh
where's I want a ball I talked to the
guy behind the counter again yeah I'm
solely a ball
thanks please oh okay take it back to
professor I remember hey take a bit take
it back to professor
just teaching it teaching you the basics
making it easy for you making sure you
get some battles under your belts got a
raise up that that Charmander
I see like oh well that was a critical
eye so you just fucks that Pidgey like
give it a want and so this is kind of
like the the ups and downs of
strengthening your Pokemon right is in
order to catch a Pokemon you need to
hurt it but not kill it oh my god so if
you're too strong and you end up killing
it then you can't then it's harder to
catch pokemon so these are this is all
very exciting to you I know we're gonna
see like you know I I can't I want I
think at very least in the time we have
today rich is going to get to the first
gym leader and when to have a real
battle on his hands okay Oh Jack's
pushed how is my old Pokemon organized
is fine he kills everything he seems to
be growing more attached to you you must
be he has to be he's trapped with the
small bat and I control no no is you
must be talented that's what it is you a
tangent pokémon trainer nothing else I
shut him out of the ball and make him
fight something and I shove them back in
the ball hmm that's a good boy oh what's
that you have something for me well let
me see oh it's a box right not anything
else that that would be and it's not
full of Lube that's that Reuben dirty
magazines that would be naughty of me
and inappropriate oh it's a custom Pocky
ball oh oh
I had one holder thank you burger Gramps
I almost forgot what did you call me for
ya fucking old fart alright every quest
for you two on the desk here is my
invention the Pokedex it automatically
records data on the pokemon you've seen
or caught
it's a hi-tech encyclopedia Chuck's
tricks and burger take these with you or
I'll give one to you first and then one
- my only grandchild you can't get
detailed data on Pokemon by just seeing
them oh you must catch them to obtain
complete data so here are some tools for
catching wild Pokemon we fear we must
learn through experimentation I have
five balls yay
boo boo boo boo boo boo balls fucking
balls uh that's right I have a Pokemon
doctor here is an encyclopedia of
Pokemon it is empty I am the greatest
pokemon mind known to man yet I have not
even catalogued the Pokemon next door to
me by dickhead and okay so now you're
ready to go on your mission
yeah Eurasian game here fucking map
I got the map you did it I didn't even
have to steal it you did it you did it
through through charm and guile and she
you know why why she like my balls yeah
he does
yeah she does ah ah it's that thing is
that rat rat rat rat
Tanna Rattata use tail whip
oh no no is this the ball if you want to
you can you go to the better no oh I get
it I know no cancel that I go to bag got
a bag bat in your bag you look in your
bag and then look look around there your
bag sex the ball sack there you go I got
it's in the ball sack and you know you
throw a ball at it let's see if you
catch your first Pokemon the Rattata one
in the thing I was sure my did nope nope
oh well now you did yeah it's not a
guarantee okay
it Wiggles around the ball for a little
bit you did you caught a Rattata
yeah it gives you fun information on
little rattan and a little screen
alright who wants to be who wants to be
this fucking rat
say fucking read the fucking rap fucking
rat either with an AI n or just our ing
sure you know where you want to it sure
fucking rat groin what
oh no one wants to be throwin car cargo
cult god what cargo cult god fucking red
spikes thanks Phoenix
cargo called G yo good car results
perfect Oh
how are those fucking things there's a
lot there's a lot of repairs you don't
have to you know now that you've caught
one Rattata you don't need to catch any
other and if you do ever get sick of
battles you could always run away like a
bitch yeah just hit eight five more
times exit and get the XP em they go
they go I was looking away I'm still
hitting hey what I didn't have to yeah
no I get it rich I get a fucking get it
be like twitch capture all the Rattata
oh is that what happened on rich boys
Pokemon did they only catch with Addas
as a lot of times like when I'm
replaying a Pokemon game I will give
myself like little like I'll give myself
a meta game and one of my favorite meta
games is you can only use the first
pokemon that you catch and so like you
either have to you know go a long
stretch without catching any or like use
your starters and the final boss battles
and it's really difficult it's really
fun little meta game or I know I make a
challenging you gotta make a challenging
right I know a lot of people play like
permadeath rules like if your Pokemon
faints in battle it's permanently dead
and you can't use it anymore it's fun
alright Pidgey first person to say I
don't know what Jack what should they
say I'm a bird I'm a bird I'm like a
bird the first person to say I'm like a
bird alright I'm like a bird
ha rich don't you love this game already
no I'm looking for the I'm like a bird
and that would be Mookie hey des wait
he's going anyone tonight
well you didn't specify I didn't sorry
sorry for the confusion because I did
say I'm a bird first and I know other
people said I'm a bird first but I I
wanted it to be more Nelly Furtado and
I'm like a bird I'm gonna fly away jack
fuck you over I did what he said I did
it was my fault you're back in Viridian
City oh wait what am I going what do I
want to do now you're fine
keep keep fucking around in doing great
doing great 20 more balls huh do I need
more balls
you always need more balls you know you
need to make sure you have enough but
really your main thing right now is
balls in potion potions heal you when
you're on the road when you're far away
from polka Center and balls to catch
other Pokemon that's your that's your
main priority antidotes are good the
paralyze heals fine but yeah balls and
potions so nice and brain looks like a
JRPG nice well you know the other stuff
we're still obviously super early game
the other stuff comes into handy later
and really at any point you know like
antidote paralyzed heal that stuff like
you can always run back to a Pokemon
Center and he'd get everything healed
100/100 free but then you have to make
it through the long stretches again okay
but so it's it's uh you know it's a lot
of how hard you want it to be kind of
thing this is this is rich playing rich
is playing and I'm kind of supervising
she's trying to memorize remotes yeah
ok be sure to read us on blackboard
carefully
my cordless pokemon status problems ring
bells your Saavik do you want to read
exit that's exactly true about I want to
read exit my favorite Pokemon I always
liked poison-type pokémon
those are just my favorite I think
they're cool they're not especially
powerful but I like them oh let's put
this fucking worthless dead end rights
expiring just let him explore I no idea
what the fuck I'm the one yeah throwing
balls at things I guess
oh no uh-oh ass burger
oh hey Jax test you're out to the pocky
mumbling forget about it you probably
don't have any badges Julia the guard
won't let you through without them the
way your paw c'mon get me stronger bitch
rival burger would like to battle rifle
burger sent out Pidgey a level nine
Pidgey you have a level eight Oh bother
ooh foe PG was burned that was a sick
burn
okay start taking bets on whether or not
rich is going to make it out of this
battle
take your bets take your bets I think
I'm gonna make out of the bell he's in
he's knocking he doesn't understand how
the battle works it he's not going to
make it out that's fine
can capture somebody else's know you can
act capture another yeah you cannot
capture another trainers Pokemon get out
of help I want hope
let's see if he does it
he does and he's using a potion and PG
has burned so and he's got Pidgey by the
balls which is great he just gained a
hundred and five expiry on he grew to
level nine amazing things are happening
what I have to figure out there what do
you mean
oh he's using other things okay yeah do
you know I wanted oh you just press B or
whatever or Kenny I got a canceled time
okay he's weak to fire so no huh
scratches myself
come on rich name huh you sure our hit
name I want your attack masked yeah
because uh the Pidgey threw dirt in your
eyes earlier I know your attack missed
again I don't think he's gonna make it I
don't think he's gonna make it
oh my god
button mashing this isn't an Arkham game
right
oh my god you're gonna defeat squirtle
it looks like in in an epic slap battle
you just went like you just sissy slap
squirtle to death I'm surprised that you
did that
why huh charity heal and same boring as
shit every JRPG huh and you got 144
bucks
rival burger started some shit and then
he gave you some money alright I heard
the Pokemon League is crawling with
tough trainers I have to figure out how
to get past him you should quit dawdling
and get a move on dickhead I know
Phoenix
I don't think squirt his squirtle had
learned the bubble move yet had to head
squirtle known a water move it would
have been a different story we're rich
shit rich is not impressed if I Pokemon
so far nor do it's everything I hate
about RPGs yeah I like I like this kind
of like towns and exploring elite uh-huh
but battles are so fucking boring
tedious and frustrating unless rating ah
that's where I'm ready for my guess is
super tedious Mook it's frustrating how
they just keep popping up randomly
you can't avoid them yeah yeah are you
every 5 feet you're walking battle today
again again again again again it sounds
like the fucking hated the balance to
that in Pokemon is the is the excitement
of cat catching a new Pokemon you know
because certain Pokemon only show up in
certain areas and so then every new area
is rife with new possible members of
your team city collectathon switch yet
something I hate in games
yes it's whatever we collect all the 50
bags hitting around
and that does it no I hate that yeah but
you're gonna hate but you don't have to
collect them yeah there's not going out
of my way to it's just if you if you
want new members of your team you know
the better stuff it's instead of collect
the 50 bags to get something it's one of
the bags has a weapon in it you know you
know so find all the bags you can yeah
but then you can always go down there oh
yeah and one of the bags might have a
weapon in it you know a good weapon
only truly skilled trainers you gotta
get bolder badge to get past this door
or tell you what rules are rules can't
let you pass go find a fucking boulder
badge that's a gym as a gym so that that
right there is Victory Road and that's
endgame oh and so you need to get all of
the gym badges by defeating all the gym
leaders Oh
unmanned at the man key I kill them
can't capture now manky is an
interesting when he's a fighting-type
pokémon okay well you know they all do
you know like right now you have a fire
type of fire water and leaves what the
fuck is fighting a fighting type is an
interesting one he's strong against
certain types of Pokemon specifically
normal and any heavy Pokemon all the
also all the pokemon have unique stats
like size stats and so fighting moves
are strong against the heavy Pokemon
it's it's a it's too deep for you and I
get that see if you catch him oh you
caught him good job you shoot him in the
genitals to render what went around one
right okay oh oh who wants to be a
Mickey uh first with a pizza roll who
says uh I don't know who says I don't
know
no no that's terrible night oh I bet no
Christmas is grapefruit breath where is
this grapefruit well the pizza roll
grapefruit subscriber
hmm
oh my god it's going up too fast
I got a frosty snooze well oh wait grass
frosty snooze typo'd and only typed in
grapefruit do we count that your college
ok frosty snooze then frosty his name
will be frosty but Frosty's is new its
Naz yeah
frosty snows great great wants me one of
these Pokemon I'm just not music then
that's you know this is their thing
about the game baby you know right now
you have one nice levelled up strong
Pokemon and three very weak Pokemon so
your song is I have to go grind with the
weaker ones with the red over Pat is
it's not it is not a grind because now
it's a grind what you're saying is it's
a great no no it's not a grind because
as you progress in the game you should
be leveling up as you movin up in the
game they handle the handle leveling up
appropriately in Pokemon there is no a
grind is when you're going back to areas
and doing the same thing over and over
again in order to needlessly level up
not needlessly in order to level up but
here I think you can just keep moving
forward if you want and happen to level
up on the way as long as you move a
program oh it's a whole thing cancel
director well yeah you have to
oh he's showing you how to capture
Pokemon what you've already done okay
well I go so just yeah just just listen
to him just doesn't listen to him
no I can't well you know I'm gonna hit
the button until we're done with this
Oh
Oh huh sirs and jim-jim is always closed
huh so the gym was closed ah that
particular gym is closed
oh my god it's a that's that's a story
thing rich I wouldn't expect you to
understand story things all right
balls that hmm
that old man wants to show you how to
use balls no no nope nope this tree
looks like it could be cut down
dun dun dun da da da da da what the fuck
am i lady
Ratatat I may be small but don't
underestimate him
I've already caught one already hurt you
you got it really first it's natural
mains in there be carefully I'm caring
well it's just a building the only thing
the building does is it's an entrance to
the forest
no yeah weird ass building is that I
know I have no idea rich fuck are you I
came here with some friends to catch
some bug Pokemon there I'll get you to
get in a poke in my tree at all people
you might ever kill anybody they could
they easily could why don't they I think
the mob that's why we catch them is
because if we don't catch them they
would kill us I see that's why we have
pokeballs
that's a Weedle like a weed Oh
it's Weedle
it's super effective yes fire is super
effective against bug pokemon okay so
now might be a good time to show you how
to change out your starter Pokemon if
you if you feel like it so I don't burn
them all today so yeah so your starter
Pokemon is the one you throw out first
in every battle okay but so fight this
guy and then ask to be free don't find
this scratcher Oh
or could you scratch him
jack is made of delicious sausage oh I
know
the sausage coming out of my gut I think
it's time to talk to Jay about his
choice in guts material
I don't think sausage was the best
choice yeah I know he's fond of the
sausage thank you and you know what if
it was just looks like guts in that
sausage if it was just sitting
I could see it looking like guts but
coming out the way it did it did not
look like guts it looked like chunks
it's not like a long - yeah yeah yeah so
you know what next time we do a scene in
which my guts are stabbed out I will
have a little conversation with Jay and
we will not use that guts I don't like I
thought that line worked out great I
don't like being stabbed that was pretty
funny it was all I thought that was
pretty funny they didn't do anything
they didn't give you a head wound when
you got shot in the head what a dab of
blood well they the entrance cool huh
the entrance woman it would be a fucking
hole in your head it's fine half in the
bag with what should they say oh it to
be a Weedle first person that the pizza
rolls is a darkman rocks dirt man rocks
because Pokemon I'm I'm probably not
going to use just gonna sit my inventory
as I use the one that beats everything
up when I just hit a
any takers uh radical that's close
enough
tark or you didn't have pizza roll I'm
sorry pays to be a subscriber mall rat
coal mall bat coal we had talked we had
talked about a couple different ways to
do isn't to tease what no yeah there
knows two L's mall rat coal one T C al o
fits perfect we had talked about a
couple ways of doing riches head wound
one is making his head wound a real
effect and then masking it out and
putting a fake forehead over it for a
couple frames and then you know removing
the digital real forehead and showing
the practical effect but apparently
Jay's rubber latex was expired and so
that wasn't going to work that's a
Caterpie and so then we forgot to change
out your starter we need to do that why
so you can laugh a lot for your other
Pokemon what if I don't want to bother
okay well that's fine if you don't want
to bother them that is your decision
and so then J was just saying that he
would do a digital bullet hole later and
obviously did not I thought the black
the back splatter was great though that
was an air-compressor behind Rich's head
yeah and I thought that looked really
great
I don't know wall maybe shape it was it
I didn't notice
if rich wants to just level char mandala
I think that's fine that's a fine
decision um but I was I was sad to see
that that no additional effect was given
to Rich's forehead gunshot wound I was
hoping I was hoping for something it's
fine that's fine everything's fine
is it I hate doughnuts yes I did mean to
drop a prereq referenced by saying we
really appreciate it and there was one
take where I said that and rich said we
really do and I cut that out
which is fine first person with a pizza
roll to say it's fine
come on who's got it Mario Mario marry
me areum me me
now what am I gonna do with somebody
whose name is mostly numbers wins maybe
your numbers is there a way to switchin
yeah no way to switch it said lowercase
do yeah just perfect just perfect Mario
Mario everything's fine all the time
that pixels episode in general we talked
for a long time we talked for a long
time and a lot of it was kind of one of
the most upsetting part to me was what
was i defending I was defending
something in pixels and rich made that
face his I don't believe you face but
then they never cut to me explaining why
I was defending the thing I was
defending well what wasn't I don't know
I don't remember year there's a there's
a certain part of the pixel discussion
where I was like no no it's fine if it
does this but and then you you made your
silly face oh yeah yeah and then they
never cut to why they never cut to why I
was going to defend that position which
I was a little upset with well that's
fine
everyone knows pixels sucked pixels
sucked and it was a joyless suck pixels
was joyless goddamned joyless
I still have not seen that man but I am
looking forward to seeing a man oh
that's a Kaukauna ah I like pixels no no
I did not like pixels it was pixels was
a really sad experience it was really
sad and very depressing just to see 90%
of the cast not give a fuck Adam Sandler
in particular just could care less if he
was there and on it was very upsetting
No
I'm sure I love a man I I think so oh
you got a trainer battle is that good
yeah you get more XP for a tramp from
fairy battles they're a little harder
but you get more XP trainer battles
always nice
you can't catch their Pokemon obviously
not not like any of this matters for you
if you're only using your fire pokemon
because in this area I'm sure they're
all bug trainers and so yeah just just
continue with your your barrage of fire
oh yeah and you get money from trainer
battles as well
you can't catch a Pikachu in here
I think Pikachu is after the the next
town if I remember frankly gobbledygook
I am sure I wasn't projecting my own
feelings of apathy towards the film's
protagonist you can see it you can see
it in Sandler's performance he just he
is not given anything and you know like
even Kevin James and we talked about
this I think this guy cut from the
review even Kevin James is doing his
shtick and you know it's terrible it's
not funny
but he's at least trying and you see
other actors try in the movie and then
Adam Sandler comes in and he's supposed
to be playing kind of a downtrodden
schmuck but he just you can tell it's in
his eyes he just doesn't care you can
you can catch a Pikachu in here you sure
oh they're rare spawn oh well let's
grind until we catch Pikachu it's you
know it's a that's good that's kind of a
grind that's grind in the system so like
you know every every when you're in the
tall grass huh you there's a certain
percentage of it'll be this Pokemon of
this Pokemon of this Pokemon and every
once in a while
apparently in here there's a Pikachu
button so
Adam Sandler's a massive introvert in
real life I think it's causing him pain
to make movies with other people
involved why is he so famous you know
back back when he was on SNL yeah he was
the least talented member of that cast
you know what he was though he was the
least talented member of the most
exciting cast in SNL history here's what
he was here's here's here's some real
Adam Sandler talk he was different
he had a very unique stick know he said
I'm a man I thought yeah yes he was
bringing something new to the table and
what he was bringing was not necessarily
well-crafted or refined but it was
absurd and it was something no one else
in the cast did so you got to give it to
that got to give it to him for that he
did bring energy he was so enthusiastic
like if you watch Billy Madison he is
given at a hundred ten percent every
single scene and just being off the ball
off the rails it was great
he used to care about making comedy he
did watch his old movies they're great
I didn't progress right I and you know
what I liked his album like his first
album was weird his comedy album like it
was weird they were still you know
sketches it was all very strange
I'll take Victoria Jackson over Adam
Sandler think about that Victoria
Jackson not wait now R then yeah okay
cuz now she's a crazy person however um
no no Victoria Jackson didn't have
anything special doctor who made me
laugh on that show I'm not sure that
Adam Sandler ever did when he's on that
show with fucking Dana Carvey Michael
Myers no Phil fucking Hartman oh listen
I agree I'm I'm with you that he was not
necessarily the most talented person
there I'm saying my argument for Adam
Sandler is he was unique Chris Farley
yeah Chris Farley I never much cared for
is that the best SNL cast I know I know
no Bill Murray dan Aykroyd oh I don't
think that was the best day cuz not the
best cast is the best some great
individual Canadians but as a cast well
they were the best cast but they didn't
have the format exactly they didn't have
the format yeah Phil Hartman was there
you know the Phil Hartman days yeah that
came in that could have been the best
cast yeah maybe the UH you know early
I'm trying to think of who was there
like early Will Ferrell days Will
Ferrell Molly Shannon Norma Donald no no
no McDonald was part of Adam Sandler's
generation I think right after one was
noir MacDonald because he was great he
was the next iteration after that early
90s iterations starting to break apart
yeah some wherever he took after I know
he took over after around Kevin Nealon
Oh Kevin Nealon was in that fuckin cast
Kevin Nealon was in that cast - that's
right Christ yeah I think another guy to
the news okay well Kevin Nealon did the
news after
other guy who famously did the news I
can't think of this on my hand he did
Monday Night Football for a while right
uh he was not trying to complete fucking
it was Dennis Miller Thank You Chad he
was the male lead in the net
Dennis fine normal like normal Donna was
part of a good cast - I want I want to
say
oh this is tedious you know part of that
tedious might be self-inflicted I don't
know what I'm doing huh I'm training so
I could find a gym I'm looking for a gym
yeah are looking for a gym you fine I'm
looking I'm looking for Jim that's what
I'm doing but also so far you've only
been using one Pokemon that's all I have
use what it's not like it's not like the
tactics are requiring me to switch it up
that's true asking me to make seem more
complicated when it's not that's true
that's right you're right the so far the
game has not asked you to change Pokemon
you are correct

[Part II]
that's right Dennis Miller was in
bordello of blood
wait Oh No okay God go back into the
woods
yeah yeah I'll get you out of there I'll
get you to the next second I can rack it
over this I've done this I can I can I
mean you've played it and you've never
played it uneasy and scream yeah get out
of here
I play uneasy Jack plays FTL uneasy
because I don't know where I'm going
Jack never played this fucking game I'll
tell you I'll tell you where to go
how long till rich mentions that JRPG
sucks well you just got here didn't you
and they do suck and this battle system
sucks I'll get you outta there I'll get
you out of there okay yeah Oh head back
right hey a fucking Pikachu look at Shin
scratch the shit out of that Pikachu oh
fuck yeah I'm gonna catch a
motherfucking Pikachu nope huh you're
too powerful
you're too strong oh and you got static
Blitzer you're paralyzed yep that sticks
with you until you remove it so head
right
and we eat up
and you can't play
yeah that's a little bit different above
POTUS is explaining his you know that's
why you only play FTL uneasy statement
is he was saying that way was that was a
bit of a it was a bit of a joke
statement because you don't play it
uneasy okay you make it more difficult
for yourself right that and that's what
I'm saying that's not exactly the same
okay yeah go right here okay go write it
up so no that's not exactly the same and
enriched you know doesn't know the full
extent of the game in I don't want to
give too much away because he is right
the game is not encouraging him to
switch up his Pokemon
up and you don't have to be in the talk
right Pokemon only come out in the tall
grass right oh if you say so mr. pewdie
pants no mr. beavers just says Jack and
rich I swear I sensed a whiff of some
passive-aggressive hostility towards you
too from Mike and Jay in that pixels
review and I'm not just talking about
the acting am I crazy or are they
getting a bit kunti towards you two
answers of course no we had just seen
pixels I don't know if you watch that
review but take a look at all four of us
do you see how miserable we are it's
because we just saw pixels the worst
movie I've seen in a long long time
right similar ways I honestly did not
have much to say that's the thing sucks
Adam Sandler sucks the movie the movie
sucks it had no direction and no nothing
is so no that was just because we were
in a foul mood from having watched
pixels and we saw a late showing and
then shot that review after the late
showing you need to play it the quiet
comfort of a law office receptionist
area while your mother files for divorce
yeah you're on your way out no or not oh
yeah you're fine you're Ryan you go down
and around oh there you go now left no
up yeah anyway
that's that's the thing chaos is you
know like I know there's a ton of hate
for pixels right now but kind of our
collective hate was spent after Jack and
Jill and it's just like at this point it
is just sad to watch Adam Sandler
attempts to make it there's just there's
there's no there's no hate left in us
anymore which is you know if some people
are finding their hate with pixels I
think that's great but for us it was
just it was just tiresome it was
tiresome because all of these standard
movie tropes were there and they were
done so poorly that was my my main
takeaway from the movie was everything
what there was everything there to make
a standard movie you know to make
Independence Day with videogame monsters
but they even fucked up something that
simple because I didn't care no and Adam
seller doesn't care he's still making
money as long as he's still making money
he won't care and when he stops making
money he'll think he'll stop making
movies I really think that that's what
will happen pixels did not do well at
the box office but it probably made its
money back because they don't put much
money into him
but whatever you know what I have not
seen any of the past two Mission
Impossible movies so no I'm not excited
to see the new one I kind of gave up
caring after Mission Impossible - after
Mission Impossible - aka everyone has
one of those rubber masks remember I
like have fun the rubber masks gag was
at the end of Mission Impossible 1 it
was it wasn't it was it was a big thing
more like they used the rubber mask
thing once the beginning and then at the
end it was a surprise the rubber mask
egg and the Mission Impossible - like
eight people ripped off the rubber masks
Tom Cruise okay so here's the thing wait
before you do anything else or don't
wait that's fine okay
so like any RPG yeah
you have peepee as well as HP p.m. move
points and right now I think you only
have two embers left so either at a
Pokemon Center or by using ether and I
don't know if you have one in your bag
you might but just a heads up people
tell me I would like edge' tomorrow
doctors oh yeah I did from that's what
I'll probably end up saying is the
premise of uhit's the edge of tomorrow
oh man that's a really great movie edge
of tomorrow is not typical time or it is
typical time cruise it's back to typical
Tom Cruise
it says Michael King says Oh where'd you
go my cooking did you say you watched
white hat American summer where did that
go did that go away and my chat sorry
sorry Mike again you watched wet hot
after we talked about you should watch
you should be watching what hat did you
enjoy it did you not enjoy it
if you enjoy watching Tom Cruise die
horribly you love edge of tomorrow right
- his message others oh great you
enjoyed it I'm glad I'm glad that you
liked it
Michael Ling I don't know why your
message is being deleted over and over
again but oh he was cut he was copying
pasting the same thing over and over
sorry and that happens sometimes when we
don't see messages but yes try not to do
that so often but I'm glad you enjoyed
it
after we recommended it during the
Batgirl stream it's it's really a good I
mean it's the best
oh man the new ones coming up the the
prequel the Netflix original prequel is
coming up
hey you got you got out of it you gotta
forest he posted way too much yes sorry
Oh his message kept getting deleted
because he was just copying it and
pasting it over and over and over again
and if we don't see it right away wait a
couple minutes try again
don't don't don't spam the posts that's
that's mod privilege if they think
you're posting the same thing over and
over again sometimes it takes us a while
to see it but be patient with us be
patient with us is wet hot like a cereal
a comedy show a movie about wet hot
American summer is a comedy movie but by
summer camp yes it parodies teen
comedies directed and written by the
guys who did Stella and the state David
Wain Michael Showalter Michael Ian Black
and and it's it's one of the most
wonderful comedies you'll ever see it's
it's absurdist comedy and it does a very
good job of subverting expectations even
when you know your expectations are
going to be subverted so get your get
your hand and I think it's on Netflix
now because Netflix is doing wet hot
American summer prequel the first day of
camp that comes out soon so man as mike
says rich thanks very much for
introducing us to darkman last night it
was awesome and that's right leftover
beefcake you have to learn the art of
timing your message to when Jack is
reading the chat that's true I'm here
I'm talking orig I look at rich when I
talk to him I look at the game as he's
playing it all rich is at his first gym
here he's at his first gym that and so
you know wait till I'm reading other
people's comments then try to comment
there's a timing there's a there's an
art to getting us to reply to you
no it's okay to like lost mustache
player you know lost is a really great
premise that they kind of flubbed up in
the execution especially like season 1
of Lost is really good and I contend
that the pilot episode 2 Lost is some of
the greatest television ever that first
episode is so fantastic setting up all
the characters setting up the mystery
was great but then the execution of that
mystery really fell flat so no it's ok
to like it and I even liked the ending
mostly because the ending concentrated
on the characters which I had grown to
love and it did a really shit job of
wrapping up all of the mysteries that
they set up but yeah it concentrated on
the characters which is all I cared
about I think you try
I know Tiberius Kirk and I talked to my
brother about that and he said it was
okay
I was Sean of noises jackal of the
podcast Iran you urges on I work for the
same trivia company has stapled you so
great yeah he was fun to talk to him
he reached out through Twitter and just
said he wanted to talk to someone and I
said I'll talk to anyone because I will
talk to fucking in sit down to talk to
people I'll give a fuck jack I will
subscribe for another months if you ate
out here's rich and I were talking about
Darkman being a b-movie
here is my my thought on the dark man as
a b-movie is this
it could have teetered either way it
just so happens that the cast and crew
went on to bigger blockbusters and so I
I am convinced that dark man is not a
b-movie but it it's shot in the style of
a b-movie it wants to be a b-movie but
it has a decent budget so yeah it's it
might not be the biggest movie I don't
know if it wasn't a movie though was
lika because the question is was was
Liam Neeson an a actor at the time was
there lead actor an a-list actor was
there was the director there could be an
argument for star wars being a b-movie
this retarded notion okay well and also
let's let's not let's not uh throw false
Darkman did not do star wars money
darkman you know star wars probably had
a bigger budget the dark man and dark
man did not do Star Wars money
Darkman did not have a actors it didn't
have an a director and if everyone
involved would have went on to
unobscured ii it would be considered to
be a movie and it is only considered an
a movie because everyone else went on to
do bigger things is my final thought on
that I mean it was definitely Hinault
Maj to be movies it was an homage to
cheesy superhero movies but I think
technically it's an a movie but that I
think there's an argument there for it
being a b-movie
just because it's good like B doesn't
mean bad movie there's a b-movie and
then there's a bad movie right Star Wars
was a b-movie that was good and
surprised everyone when it became a hit
that's true that's Zack that's actually
true
oh that's a good question were there
dark man toys around the time of its
release toys are seen dark man
it's really he breaks somebody's fingers
on camera not children's fair Brian
I think the point is I do think there is
an argument for calling dark man a
b-movie there is also an argument for it
being an a movie hi I'm split on this
I'm gonna I'm gonna Teeter on the side
of a movie because they all went on to
to bigger things
but there's a there's a quality argument
oh there were toys way way were these
toys out at the time these look like new
toys these look like newer toys are we
sure these were out during release or
you know are these now like the toys
they make because it was a cult hit you
know
rich is doing shockingly well here
everyone supposed to be a challenge yeah
yeah it's usually a challenge
this this fight is usually a challenge
yeah huh maybe it's because I level up
one yeah that could be yeah you level up
one maybe just hit the same button over
and over again and lose on one guy to be
as strong as possible that's how you win
in a jaribg maybe I think we learn
something old day
rich yeah rich is a natural here rich is
a you know what I think you guys try to
make JRPG combat more complicated than
it is
really it's dumb and simplistic and when
you try to do fancy things you just end
up gimping yourself No
what do you mean Charmander shouldn't
have metal claw he does what do you want
me to do no oh you're evolving this is
what happens with the apparent c'mon no
no he keeps all the same stuff in it now
we can learn new stuff and he grows in
levels there there's a tiny thing where
if you you can you can halt the
evolution and if he doesn't evolve yeah
he can learn moves faster but evolving
he can only learn certain moves at an
evolved state so Thursday there's a
whole little thing that you can do
there's a little thing that you can do
yeah we're playing firered we're playing
the newer we're playing the Gameboy
advanced version
Oh bother has evolved into why bother
yes the the the real thing is everyone
knows that this is not really evolution
what this is is metamorphosis as
evolution oh you bought a ticket to the
museum oh yes and if you evolution is
only a theory that that works and is
basically a fact oh yes but in the game
like this is not how evolution works you
don't magically know you know you nor
your children magically suddenly turn
into something new what happens in this
game is metamorphosis they just call it
evolution because that's a more exciting
term I guess did you want to go rich is
so bored you know and I guess here's
like I guess I got into it when I
started playing it so you know like I'm
I'm leveling up all my different guys
and I'm strategizing my battles and
you're just being present but now yeah
yeah I didn't I never thought it would
be that simple no you know what now I
guess the the real thing is just how
long can you how far can you go by just
using the one attack from the one
Pokemon well I do try to use the most
effective attack over and over and over
and over again right is what you do
right so I'm not necessarily using the
one attack like something that burns
yeah use a fire attack over and over and
over and over and over again right was
the rock thing I use the metal attack
over and over and over and over and over
and over and over and over again yeah
yeah it's still not very complicated no
no it's not very complicated
Oh see if noise that's the bit that's
been the big question is whether or not
a 3d console version of this game would
work or if the charm is kind of in the
handheld version and I don't think
Nintendo will ever make a 3d console
version because these things sell
handheld devices I think I think they
haven't made a console one for a good
reason
yes because they sell Nintendo handheld
devices and they're gonna keep selling
Nintendo handheld devices till the end
of time
I would find a girl alas alas alas
Janice
Oh is misty next great that's great I
think we can do it we could probably get
to one more gym tonight we'll probably
get to one more gym
how the fuck do you guys not break
character when Mike does improv
sometimes we do and then we just take a
take over again or they cut out or cut
our microphones that happens sometimes
or it was me you just leave them
laughing it think by the way did you see
that in the episode look at all that
improvised line that we kind of flubbed
and then we talked about how we were
gonna take it over again who edited who
edited the last half in the bag was that
Mike her Jay I don't know
those fuckers left it in when you were
just like oh the the safe code is this
and I was gonna let you finish the safe
code is 34 and you're like why didn't
you stop me you should have stopped me
and I said I don't know I think it'd be
funnier if you just gave him the safe
code we kind of all had a laugh and and
then I said okay take it again and you
started over again but they just kept
all that in fucking it those dickheads
might have been doing something else
well said today it was edited by Mike
and Jay well someone did the sketch
stuff and then someone did the actual
review
well then Jay probably did the sketch
stuff because that was his it was hot
so then that was probably a Mike at it
so yeah he was just that was him fucking
with us which he's want to do yes he
loves making us look like dickheads and
so okay well you're making me yeah and I
think I'm getting he's getting merciless
just strung in he loved he loved him
when I glared at me down on the left it
in rich he's zoomed in on you he's
zoomed in on my face
I know no and it's not it's all fine and
funny I you know I I have some issues
with that episode because we talked for
a good long time about that about that
movie and like I said more so there was
just that one part where he made me look
like a little bit of a dick in and you
just got I'm gonna be found at the for
no reason for some reason was great that
was a great back and forth I really like
that I thought I thought that was a
really great conversation
who is the best improviser it's it's
rich rich is the best improviser and rlm
he's no that's Joe easily that is not a
joke it's Mike it's definitely well Mike
I think my guys lazy improv where he
just he just starts he comes up with
some funny shit but it's always
nonsensical I think you you come up with
the you come up with the best bits on
the spot not necessarily when the
cameras rolling I'll come up with like
an interesting bit like either behind
the camera or between takes but I don't
think I'm very good improvising on
camera if Don the Wilson that was that
was a rare thing those two sprinkles I
unbelievable I'm gonna blame that on
look yeah yeah hmm I have playing that
unluck Mike does yeah yeah Mike
improvises by yelling and nonsense
it's two different study doesn't pick up
the phone as well that's pretty funny
it's so it's it's we got oranges and
apples over here with styles of improv I
will come up with a line or a bit
between tapes or off camp you know who
you want in your writers room you want
rich Evans but not actually writing the
script not actually writing script no
you want him there feeding lines and
pitch in little ideas he is an idea man
that returns
hey play rocket League Oh rocket League
is right now what's the deal with rocket
League that's the car soccer game have
you heard of that I think you get like a
rocket car and you play soccer looks
amazingly fun and right now it is a free
four PS Plus members on PlayStation 4
which you are a PS Plus member if you
remember so I just downloaded rocket
league for the ps4 but I've got play
XCOM for the two hundredth time right
that's gotta happen so come Sunday I'm
either gonna play that or what was the
other game I just got yeah you can add
me on PSN I'm Jack Packard I think
spending him I don't know if there's any
underscores or not I just got that what
was the other game I just got another
game that looked very interesting that
I'm very interested in playing I've
already forgotten what it was called cuz
I'm a horrible person who forgets
everything now I need to remember
I need something to remind me the
swindle have you heard of the swindle no
looks like a very interesting in-depth
game and I'm not sure if I'm gonna like
it but it was like 15 bucks sounds like
yeah the swindle it's it's like part
platformer e part 2d platforming part
procedurally generated part something it
looks very interesting so I I want to be
able to play walk without feeling pain
oh yeah that would be a great I've heard
great things about that game
I'm sitting now
some mild discomfort but I'm sitting
well that's good that's something yeah I
think that's something it's amazing it's
amazeballs
what is amazeballs not like binding of
issac it's more instead of
procedurally-generated like binding of
issac there are branching paths to
upgrade your character and it almost
reminds me of invisible ink but instead
of instead of being a grid-based
movement strategy game it's a 2d
platformer brawler but then you have to
like upgrade your character in certain
ways and collects money and it looks it
looks interesting so I'm either gonna
play rocket League or the swindle on
Sunday is my is my personal plan who is
the worst at improv at rlm probably
Michael rich on camera I'm awful I'm
camera it's me yeah yeah I've Wendy with
the miraculous exception of the crank
phone calls which to be perfectly honest
that second one I noticed the number on
the box of my back of my head I was
ready for something I don't know exactly
what I was gonna do like a minute before
I actually came up I wasn't thinking
what am I gonna do I know it's gonna
come up what am I gonna do what am I
gonna do
nice I think originally I was thinking I
was going to do that the Supplemental
dog messages instead of saying good dogs
and bad dog and my dog was getting like
me
nice that's worried the brown and Wilson
thing would be just too obnoxious it's
loud and screaming yeah yeah weird are
you the internet video guy on PSN
probably that's probably me just Jack
Packard I can't imagine there's
there's either can't be too many Jack
Packard's on PSN should you install
video drivers right now depends on
whether or not you have to restart your
computer you know if you have to restart
your computer installing them now would
mean that you have to stop watching and
restart your computer if you don't have
to restart your computer go now oh
speaking of video drivers it has really
nothing to do with video drivers but it
made me think that a that twitch is
moving over to html5 much the way of
YouTube okay which is very exciting for
those who enjoy better playback it
should mean it should mean better
streaming options more streaming options
and easier playback for people who like
watching twitch streams not happening
anytime soon but rolling out throughout
the year so
no I was at UH Peters Creek I was not
the actor in the giant rabbit suit in
the Johnson Creek ad that was my brother
Nick because there were three of there
there have been three of us for all of
those shoots me Nick and Tim and usually
Tim's on screen if there's anyone else
on screen it's usually me or Nick he was
the giant rabbit he was also the eagle
have you saw the eagle one
rich creepy minor-league baseball guy
aside yeah
your thoughts on Warhammer sounds like
like live in-person turn-based strategy
game hmm I would probably enjoy it I do
love the look of the Space Marines hmm
and even though I've never played for
hammer
I wouldn't mind just having some of
those Space Marine figures little pewter
things hmm okay that's really all I have
to say how did the car ever done a video
game that's like the kind of turn-based
combat you get with the live action
role-playing turn-based combat oh I
don't know you know what I don't know
what do I think of star citizen I'm
interested in it I'll tell you when I
actually plan it's done yeah like space
Sims in general and general sets like
space yeah I like space like spaceships
like flying around I'm a spaceships rush
to play Warhammer properly you need to
grow your beard and gain a hundred
pounds that's scary
why aren't you playing elite dangerous
register because I don't own it lists
been gifted to me and I haven't noticed
since I've been like on my back crippled
yeah that's a possibility that is a
possibility as not as nothing to do with
a lack of interest rich riches uh has
accomplished very little since he's been
crippled he's getting back to it though
we've been training like rocky in here
running upstairs doing push-ups and shit
you won't believe how many pushups like
so many in the mood for a new game when
you're going through I haven't been able
to move much in a month
depression yeah yeah yeah
Wow not changing Pokemon I'm not losing
health it was a great game Jack this is
a great game look I'm hitting the ember
ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
ever Rosa rocaille blah blah but aren't
you uh aren't you like enamored everyone
has been saying that rich looks like
he's lost weight in the new video that
is true people have been saying that
about rich rich do you have any comments
on the true okay what I can move I might
actually get more active as far as
losing weight hmm I've tried cutting
down some fatty stuff out of my diet but
I think that's important once I can walk
once I'm healed I plan on riding the
bike around maybe taking the bike to
work we'll see so far maybe oh thank you
chiku puffs are adorable you see it fire
respective it's not on use the middle
claw that's not something else first
perspective everyone's fine by
respective Oh
Jigglypuff what a cute little Pokemon I
think I'll burn it hey I think I'll
fucking burn it burn it to the fucking
ground rich why don't you vary your
attacks and stuff like like in the
stealth areas of the Arkham games
because that's fun to do in the Arkham
games and in in JRPGs varying your
attacks is just highlighting a different
menu option it's not fun to do so like
in the stealth section of the Batman
game you see yourself kind of sneaking
around and you can hell you can envision
this is the Stratis is a excel the game
you know what I'll buy that logic ok I
think with with a game like this you you
have to use a little more imagination
and you know like as the attacks happen
you kind of have to kind of it to see it
more
rich how did it feel to fake shoot
yourself like any other time I've died
on camera or shot something on camera it
felt like nothing did it feel like a
fire cracking exploding over a condom
filled with blood it felt like oh god
this fake one it's just kind of clammy
and sticky and disgusting that's it felt
like hmm I ruined my shoes yeah my shoe
and they were on their way out anyway
like I don't know I shouldn't have still
been wearing them they were they were
worn well past the soul but I wore the I
wore my shoes and then I got blood and
sausage juice and other like tomatoes
there's like diced tomatoes and they're
all over my shoes ruined my shoes Jack
can you read my name doodle yes yes I
can read you yeah you find out you're
going backwards now are you gonna back
to heal the peepee peepee yeah yeah I'm
taking a pee take a whiz okay no we
didn't need those bratwurst afterwards
they were all over the ground
oh that's gross they were they were
wringing Bologna good asshole you know
damn well we didn't eat those we're
gonna you know what maybe maybe for Jays
birthday we shouldn't make him some fake
intestines he would love that some like
rubber or some nice-looking rubber
intestines because he won't he wants to
use intestines a lot and he always uses
those sausages yeah Jay didn't his
birthday a couple years ago mmm Friday
the 13th marathon oh I remember that
that was great that was one we had that
that set from the zombie thing we did
for Alexander Philippe and it was
amazingly just like a bloody set war
movie happened there yeah he was on set
we had a TV on the set and watched
Friday the 13th series that was great
that's about that not the TV sory him in
the movie series yep we watched all the
Friday the 13th movies on this horror
house at covered in book we had to walk
over puddles of blood to get to the
refrigerator
full of beer to watch Friday 13th movies
and it was great and like they even had
like you know there was a ratty set
couch in there in chairs and every once
in a while you would forget that you
were on a set because it looked just
like a living room and all the sudden
you would look up and there was no
ceiling it was that was a really great
time that was a really great time so you
know what I'm gonna look into I'm gonna
look into nice fake intestines for Jay
yeah I think that that should just be
like a production cost that just needs
to happen for Jay
like we could use sausage casings for
intestines but you know like sausage
casings crumble you know they don't have
they don't have the girth and so then
it's like do we need to fill them with
something basically a Pidgey it's just
another bird type Pokemon that's
completely different it's completely try
capturing you should you know you should
obviously try to ki but for you
obviously it doesn't matter because
you're only using one Pokemon yeah the
the point in capture and do something oh
he died with one head okay I don't care
the point in capturing all the different
Pokemon is to build your team totally
don't need right which you're not doing
this you don't need to do it hmm
why should I why should I bother tell me
why I should bother okay well there's a
couple reasons
yeah one is if your Pokemon get too too
high of a level yeah they will stop
listening to you if you don't have the
appropriate gym badge really and I don't
know what level that is like you beat
one gym badge and so I think that gives
you two like level I don't know maybe 20
and then after level 20 they'll randomly
not listen to you because they know
you're not good enough the other is
because eventually you will run across a
trainer that will be too tough for you
and right now you have one super
powerful Pokemon and every other one is
crazy weak and so what I keep growing
you will but then you won't your one
Pokemon will stop listening to you
unless you get that right back okay so
yeah you need to make it to the next gym
to get that that only applies if the
Pokemon is traded from another game I
don't think so I think
Jack that is wrong Pokemon not listening
his only account oh is that true I've
been playing by that rule my entire life
I've assumed that that was a rule but
apparently that only counts if they're
traded to you that's just a rule I've
given myself oh I'm sorry yeah no that's
what I mean that's fine I learned
something new then so basically then the
the only incentive in building up your
team is if you're one big Pokemon dies
basically they all die cuz your others
are sure our week is shit yeah obviously
you're doing very well right now your
level twenty right you also have not
come across many water type Pokemon and
water is what's strong against fire
smokescreen just makes the the enemies
attacks the enemy attack might not hit
you well okay okay it unless it lowers
their accuracy it lowers the enemy's
accuracy so yeah it might be a good move
but that's fine that's fine
I don't think rich rich isn't worried
about beating the final the elite for
right now we're just gonna try to get
him to the next we're just gonna try to
see if he can beat two gym leaders using
one Pokemon Jack my friend cannot stop
buying amiibos is there any video game
tough talk you could provide to help ya
and in 50 years he bows and thanks self
I've wasted my life well that's his
problem
more more so he should understand that
Nintendo is already working on their
next console which may or may not have
amiibo support so he might have to buy
new amiibos but like we've said if
that's what he wants good for him
in 50 years he might look back at his
amiibo collection and remember all the
wonderful times he had playing the game
and playing the games and he might say
you know what it was a good life yeah
you know no one will be around to help
him at his time of death because he'll
have spent his entire life with amiibos
and not around friends or family but it
could be a good life I I don't support
amiibos I think they're ridiculous I
think they're ridiculous endeavor to
siphon money out of people but you know
oh and you're right most likely about
the real reason to build up more than a
single Pokemon that's because it's fun
is because then you get to look at all
the different animals you get to you get
to customize them and grow with them and
like oh I want this guy to learn this
and then you know other Pokemon evolved
into different monsters you get to see
all the different forms and you you you
you bond with the creatures that help
you murder other creatures you have a
fire dragon right now which is great
which is great oh you have a fire
dinosaur no I'm cores a fun move it
makes you do the same move over and over
again but like for example if you chose
like a move that I don't know like
healed you or something and you had to
do that over and over again that would
fuck your day mister what's mr. robot I
don't know a pizza train says sorry if
you have been asked this tonight but
have either of you weighed in on mr.
robot yes Pizza train
explain yourself no Jack did not give
money to the Shenmue II Kickstarter I
don't give up I could give less for can
I give someone else money just so I
don't have to listen to sham Yui
right
Pizza Train says what I'm assuming metal
attack is not good against a magnet
thing you know what he might be weak to
fire though I'll tell you that he's a
metal type so try fire yeah that's super
effective burn everything just burners
the Pokemon strategy burn everything
with fire pizza train I'm still waiting
for what somewhat of mr. robot is I
guess I have no right to hate Jimmy we
did that looks like exactly the kind of
game I don't give a fuck about as you
guys know I don't I don't care about
story and game and you know that game is
all story
I like Batman might be something to it I
like Batman the right story the rights
you know what you're right the right
story but what's mr. mr. robot is a
hacking series what I've no you have no
idea what this is really it's a thing
that exists all I don't mr. robot a
hacking series none of these things make
any sense to me
rich cares about story and game is white
any like simulated it care much about
the story okay
Oh mr. robot is a show on USA that
doesn't belong on USA it's so weird and
cool and it's about a hacker sort of oh
okay I don't have cable I don't either
so I'm very sorry when when or if it
comes to Netflix or Amazon Prime
streaming I might watch it but as of
right now I have no I have no thoughts
and I'd really do apologize no no
there's no Evil Dead comes out then all
you need is Hulu Plus that's all I'm
doing when Ash versus the Evil Dead
comes out is getting Hulu Plus for as
long as ash vs. Evil Dead is on and then
I'm canceling my monthly subscription it
really flow that's a better idea that's
a month well no I want to see him as
they come on I wanna I want to be right
up in there that's it yeah oh I'll pay
I'll pay the couple months or three
months or four months however long it's
out just so I can watch him right away
oh I want to watch him right away

[Part III]
I hit yes when asked me if I want to
change Pokemon of course I don't want to
do that I looked into it Hulu does have
stars Hulu does have Starz and Showtime
I I definitely looked into it it has
stars it has HBO it has Showtime that
could be a thing that happens and if so
I will not get Hulu Plus okay obviously
I will look into it before I buy a Hulu
Plus I know baby Slayer I know
sure sure yeah but you're weak to water
then I'll start using more potions okay
alright
this is Richard strategy it hey I really
thought he was gonna eat it at Brock but
he didn't yeah I ate Brock stick Lord
says you have Hulu Plus and don't see it
according to the Hulu Plus his website
stars is on there stars with the Z's on
there
you found a rare candy that makes any of
your pokémon evolve immediately yeah
but wait like wait until you know your
green evolve line is I'll show you don't
don't use it yet
we need to see or look at your Pokemon
right now oh yeah that one Pokemon no
not that no get out there back look at
your Pokemon now look at your Oh bother
yep a summary ah go to the next one they
go okay see how you see your blue bar
your experience bar so like if you use
it now basically that half of the bar
you've just wasted so what wait until
you level up and then use it right away
okay okay my girl that's not evolve a
new form that is oh did I save all oh I
apologize that were those me misspoke
II would level up yes I apologize for
the l we s end of course all the chat
and has heard me all the chat heard me
miss speak my name many apologies
what the fuck you know nothing about
Pokemon that's my I mean probably Hulu
Plus does not have any current
programming from stars only well past
content and not all of it what fucking
what - then how do i how the fuck do i
watch ash versus the Evil Dead I can
borrow your stars login that I'm I'm you
listen I might oh my god yeah people are
people are confirming that stars is not
putting new programming on a Hulu on the
old program but you can only get stars
if you already have cable it's a premium
you don't know oh no I mean you don't
have to do that you can get just a good
internet 59
oh yeah I don't know but like just good
internet cost like 3040 yeah that's what
I'm paying at home
hey Jack get ready to be picked up I'm
deleting Batman Arkham City in favor of
Metal Gear Solid 4 why am I being ready
to be picked up I don't get it picked up
I don't get it I get it
why'd you like Metal Gear that's fine
I'm not sure why don't why am I being
picked up what do we want from me huh
yeah that's what I'm waiting guys yeah
just I don't whatever I'm fine
rich does not have a good internet which
has free internet that comes with his
apartment right it's part of the reason
I got the apartment so I would have to
brief on the end of this before I knew
I'd be streaming right as far as
browsing the Internet and some mild
streaming and works just fine but as far
as uploading a stream garbage oh yeah
you tried that it's garbage
yeah
rich watch you watched a little bit of
Gotham right I didn't hate it yeah I've
heard good things about that Gotham
watch more Karen at some point mm-hmm
this is the infamous Team Rocket it is
they're gangsters rich so I mean so far
this is amazing you you're making it all
the way through Mount Doom here not
actually called Mount Doom with with a
single Pokemon and I think that's green
out that's great
you know what I think that's great
did you see they they gave a sneak peak
of new Batman DLC the the sneak peak cup
of good news couple bad news good news
is this next round of DLC is being made
by rocksteady by rocksteady but the the
backer one wasn't apparently yeah the
bad news is so far the only thing
they've announced is a bunch of new
skins and 2 race courses it's looking
less and less like the $40 is going to
be worth it we'll admit if wrong thank
you I also believe my kids are adorable
and yes that was a weird first twitch
comment but you know if that's the one
you got to make that's the one you got
to make rich is a savant when it comes
to Pokemon battles and says yeah so yeah
they're you know a bunch of new skins
you know we get the 89 Burton Batman
costume we get like the 90s purple
Catwoman costume some new Robin and
Nightwing costumes not like any of that
matter it matters but uh all they've
announced for as far as actual content
is concerned is to no racetracks yeah
combat CAMAC scene you should be sorry
for writing illegible stuff that and
that's I mean that's alright and that
happens it's been it's been a weird it's
been a weird pokey filled night you know
rich it's obviously a piece of a star
star everything on this planet
oh that's true patch my blood born Jack
yourself patch of blood-borne why I
fucking beat blood-borne huh
I do think about playing it again but to
be honest I'd rather play more Batman I
want to punch more people I am I am
gonna play yeah oh I want to be Asylum
first yeah yeah I'll get through Sam I
do I like literally I just playing
Arkham Knight just makes me want to
fight more people so I'm making my way
through all of them
I could revisit Dark Souls as you guys
know I'm not a super fan you know like
that as we talked about during the Demon
Souls and Dark Soul or not the doctrinal
stream but the demon soul stream is you
know the the world didn't necessarily
draw me in on those and I'm sure the
monsters get more monstrous as you go
through the game but you know I really
like the horror world of blood-borne oh
speaking of I know I talked about this a
while ago but I I finally got a chance
to sit down and read a book right well
you know in awhile that I've had just
some time to read a book and I read this
wonderful book called abomination and it
it almost reads as a as a but as a
blood-borne book it's set in the dark
ages and it's about like these monsters
that rip open from men's chests and
they're black and oily and bloody and
all I could picture was the blood-borne
yes yes idea and so if you liked the
monster design and blood-borne I
recommend you go read abomination neat
little book fast read - which is nice
abomination joke has been accepted yeah
yeah abomination from Gary Whitta that's
who it is from book places it's a book
yeah I'm sure it's on the Kindle I'm
sure it's on everything oh sorry no this
is a real book it's a real book that you
can get anywhere like this isn't one of
those weird like you have to go to this
one guy's blog and download a PDF it
could be you're right you're right the
abomination is a real book that you can
get anywhere books are sold and and it's
fun it's a nice it's a nice read nice
story every you can't get any work
because just constant random battles
popping up
that's another Jeremy do you think I
can't fuckin stab did you get any repent
did you get a new repel what's a repeal
repeal means that I did not pokemon dumb
Bobby but I guess available at book
places near you right hello Draco Gary
Whitta says from Twitter right now have
rich play quest for glory what it's
great okay well then there you go Gary
Whitta once said that Cowboy Bebop
there's a republic monster Jack yeah yes
he's going to be very weak to fire he's
a grass-type and he'll be very weak to
fire yes he will find him very easy to
be like you should also be glad that you
didn't pick up like either of the other
two starters you might have had a very
different experience do you have any
either okay I don't think scratching
things to death will make that much of a
difference
jack is that the same Gary Whitta that
helped write the screenplay after earth
the M night Shyamalan movie ooh maybe he
did he wrote the book The Book of Eli
that turned into a that uh who was in
that movie the who was in the movie The
Book of Eli the the very handsome black
actor older black actor do you remember
this movie richest guy rich has got
nothing
rich has got nothing
someone help me Denzel Thank You Denzel
Denzel Washington movie he wrote the
book The Book of Eli which I did not
read and I didn't see the movie because
I figured out what that there was gonna
be a twist ending and I didn't much care
but I liked I liked abomination it
wasn't like I left reading the book like
I wanted a whole lot more of the book
like I wanted more characters and I
wanted I wanted more a little more but I
think that's how you're supposed to feel
after you done reading a book or playing
a game I was like oh I'd like to do this
more so he wrote he oh he also wrote The
Walking Dead video game oh is that true
so there we go yeah have a jack or rich
have you played any of the trials games
no what's that me neither of us have is
that the is that the the
motorcycle-riding game I think quest for
glory
I'm sure about streaming that because
there is a grinding element
oh yeah it's one of my favorite serie
adventure games Wow oh yeah you
mentioned that yeah you mentioned that
it's more RPG ish it does have the same
kind of puzzles but you want to like
sneak around something you need to like
spend half the game using sneaks oh okay
okay
oh no piece of train what am I saying
that's not factual some of and some of
it I'm I'm repeating what the chat is
saying and some of it I like I'm the
book abomination it says from the author
of book of Eli
so that's the only thing I know for true
but what else am i saying that's not
factual and help me try oh trials is a
motocross game but apparently it's
ridiculous so great okay
that
that's about casting
thank you yes tard core provided a link
to the book that is the correct link to
the book that I read that I enjoyed
that's okay
I can't wait for the Pokemon telltale
game
I would love a Pokemon telltale game
because this is boring I don't know if
you've noticed but rich has not been
having a good time yeah and then you go
to the next area where you hit a so so
far in this fun Wow Oh what am I gonna
do what am i doing oh my God look at all
the strategy and tactics so basically
this tactics this real rich had made
some assumptions
oh you're heading back to the entrance
yeah heal and see if you can find a shop
to buy some stuff so you can like refill
halfway through rich had made some
assumptions about this game and other
RPGs of the like oh well and this was
going to rich where we're not
assumptions what do you call what do you
call it when you when you make a guess
but it's off of the information you have
available
you made an educated guess off of the
information available and and and it's
exactly right almost as if you kind of
knew what to expect the keep it name
this tactics my tactic sir mmm
riches riches basically the greatest
pokemon master of all time he figured it
out you have one incredibly powerful
Pokemon this that's JRPGs use these use
the Power Move repeatedly repeat huh
and also what like where are you in this
cave I think you need to go away go
right and down to get out of the cave I
think press triangle to even the odds am
i right am i right am i right
that's right Pizza train or whatever oh
yeah it's that little yeah yeah I keep
getting these annoying things
you yeah so you need to get you need to
get to a shop and then by some repeal I
don't know I don't know oh oh my god
that's the worst criticism
well you know my story in coming into
Pokemon is a little is a little
different so here's I I also was too old
for the Pokemon craze when they get when
they came out in fact the first time I
ever picked up a Pokemon game was after
high school I was working at a used
videogame store and it was not a very
busy store and so we would watch movies
or play video games while the cousin
while there were no customers around
there was a small independent
independently owned video game store
actually we press Start and check your
inventory after you're done with this
and you can always run from battles if
you don't feel like fighting yes okay
and one day while working we had you
know a gameboy advance and I think I
played it was pokemon red or blue it was
one of the original ones and I just
started playing it because Pokemon I
just knew it was around you know and I
started playing it oh and I was getting
paid to play it I was literally getting
paid to play Pokemon and I saw that I
enjoyed it only because I was trapped in
a store with nothing else to do
it could have been very different
circumstances under any other under any
other situation but you know so I fell
in love with it there was one point in
which I had a full 20 hour game in a pay
period which meant that for an entire
week of pay like I was getting I was
getting paid to play pokemon half of my
workday was playing pokemon it was and
so like I fell in love with it just
because it was all I was playing at the
time and I don't know I got into it I
also played it very differently than
rich I was building up my teams I was
falling in love with all the little
monsters
so it was it was a very different
experience which yeah rich obviously
does not have a taste for and that's
that you know what it's exactly and
that's fine I'm enjoying the slight a
bit of torture and you know what we're
having a good jad conversation because
you don't have to think about the game
as soon as he gets out of here like I
think this is a frustrating part you see
we need to get out of the we need to get
out of Mount Doom
you're right I should just start handing
rich dollar bills as he plays like a
dollar a minute then he would really
enjoy the game I know someone help rich
it's been so long I've even forget how
well you have to find the right ladder
okay and to find the right ladder I'm
fourteen levels above everything else
because the proper strategy is just to
use the same Pokemon and do the same
attack over and over again hmm it's so
far it's been working make rich play
Mario RPG I don't know
I don't know about that rich does not
like turn-based I don't like this kind
of turn-based he does not mom is
entirely don't you know don't lump like
something like XCOM uh-huh and this
together yeah master Brian Howey
different beasts from this JRPG hit the
button in the menu do the same thing
over and over again until the other
thing dies rich rich doesn't like he
doesn't like the Excel spreadsheet the
words you know like strip the cover of a
strip to cover this guy mmm-hmm that's
thinking and Caesars you know what the
strategy I employed early on and
something you need later on is chaining
attacks properly you know there are
certain things that like make an enemy
attack weaker that lower its defenses
sure and that's I think that's helping
you now I can't imagine you you'll get
very far with that strategy you're
getting a lot farther than I thought you
would we're gonna see if you can make it
past the next Jim with a strategy this
is my this is a real test no prize for
you
Jack maker explain more games in genres
he hates I know I will I will only
because it amuses me not all the time of
course not all the time this is
something with that I've been wanting to
play for a while really just an excuse
to get the GBA adapter so I can play it
more I think that this is the real thing
I do I really think that eventually rich
will hit a wall of difficulty and
because he hasn't been using a more
diverse strategy he'll hit a wall but to
defend a Rich's position so far the game
has not forced him to change his
strategy and in a good game that that
would come naturally
early on he should have hit this wall
earlier I I want to believe you'll hit
this wall but but Richards right he
might not and if if the the
diversification strategy is important
which anyone who's played pokemon knows
it is he should have hit this wall
earlier and he hasn't yet so so I'm not
saying it's the game's fault what I what
I'm saying is perhaps us who play
Pokemon have given the game too much
credit we've taken it at the games word
that we should vary up our tactics and
never never pushed the boundaries
or he's a I'm not grinding I'm looking
for the exit
yeah oh I think that might be it that
might be our Oh bother is these random
battles pop up fucking constantly I'm
not trying to grind these these these
games are just obnoxious not just
pokemons I'm fired about JRPGs oh yeah
and we're getting some people chat
saying that Pokemon pokemons diversity
is not important it's an illusion Rich's
strategies works
if you use your starting Pokemon all the
time you win without problems huh
I don't yeah maybe then I've just been
I've just been uh creating the challenge
for myself that could be and other
people are saying to be fair it's a
remake of the first game they get better
teaching you the diversity in the other
games
it's for children it is for charge it's
meant for children I shouldn't be
playing this Oz Mike says Jack I bought
spelunky during a Steam sale I had
originally thought that you were bad at
playing the game and used to wonder when
I watched your streams thus far I
haven't made it past the third level of
the game it isn't that easy and I've
beaten all of spelunky well we're bad at
everything I'm hopefully you're having a
good time spelunky is a really great
game once you get into it but yeah you
die a lot that's just bull unki there's
no there's no getting around that
we what what Leisure Suit Larry game did
we play a bit we played it a little too
and it didn't it wasn't it was not that
that we played a little of leisure shoot
Larry - and it was not a fun play we
tried to play that one because that was
one that rich hadn't played before
police quest was great someone sent me a
link to a game like police quest made by
the police quest guys yeah that's about
like a spy yeah and a submarine or
something like that
I believe it's a sexy tape so I have it
saved but uh but it looked it looked
right up the police quest a lien fact
this was supposed to be a little harder
than police quest but also like you
needed to follow very specific
procedures like in police quest so I got
that on me you need to play list
oh that's it code name Iceman have you
heard of this no code name Iceman a
Sierra game made by the same crew that
did police quest so very excited Thank
You cinnamon yes
have you played have you guys played
home star runners quests poof peasants
quests we have not but I like homestar
runner so perhaps okay
and they keep on saying you need to keep
you need to play the original XCOM that
game is great I played it I just we
haven't streamed it oh okay
I'm in love with the new one I'm sorry
yeah there's things I love about the old
one but the actual tactic combat itself
yeah I prefer the new one oh the base
stuff is more interesting okay mmm like
you you can build different phases not
just the one
and sometimes the aliens can find them
and they will invade your base oh man
the base that you actually layout
yourself the alien you'll have like a
tactical battle in there that is
probably the single best thing about old
XCOM that new XCOM doesn't really have
an equivalent of no nice okay cool
Ritchie's getting there he's getting out
of this fucking cave I have not played
myth I heard you talking about it
earlier I thought you're talking about
miss and I was gonna say mrs. awful yeah
but there's an other Team Rocket go out
there do I need to find him fuck this
game is so interesting but talking about
X comma yep look XCOM is interesting
then more interesting than every other
game ever made I'm sorry you're nuts you
think this is so boring we have to talk
about it X come no no fuck off and
you're just trying to goad me but it
worked it worked fuck you die we we and
we do know there is an ex-con board game
it looks very unique I've heard very
mixed things about the XCOM board game
and the thing I've heard over and over
again is that the learning curve is deep
and so I have not gotten it because I
can't imagine putting in the time oh so
you just leveled up so you couldn't use
your your magic level of candy now if
you felt like it okay
the rare candy oh my god oh you have you
have a lot of stuff actually well not
not a lot of stuff let's see what you
have you you ate the candy please tell
rich to look at the options screen why I
need more information than that actually
wait okay I just want to see what items
you have oh yeah go back to your bag can
you go up potion antidote paralyze he'll
escape rope moonstone revived okay okay
great
yeah we'll do another prereq board game
spectacular hey well what do I have to
even do in here I'm assuming I need to
get through the other side to find
another gym yeah you need to get through
the other side you're doing you're on
your web you you are on your way out
you've now found the correct exit it'll
be a shortcut to get through here next
time I have to go through yes yeah
eventually remember you you ran into
that tree earlier and it said that you
could cut it down eventually you learn
cut and then that's kind of a shortcut
okay
oh no this guy the RET of the red oh
you're fighting a racket you're fighting
a racket yeah no there's there's a
really fun game I want to play with rich
our setup in here isn't the best for
gaming so we need a taller table to play
on just so rich doesn't have to bend
over all the time to play board games
here but there's there's many board
games that want to play so yes we will
do more board game pokemon is a ripoff
of Garbage Pail Kids here correct fuck's
sake
Jack in the options he can change the
mode where it doesn't ask him every turn
if he wants to switch Pokemon oh okay
well that's good to know
marm when is there gonna be more
multiplayer streams that when we have
more multiplayer games where is this
option I don't know
and I'll see this option I think you're
wrong I don't see you know on battle
style over battle style set I think if
you if it's bad a style set is that it I
don't know
no great yeah see if that works
okay we found it thank you battle style
is set I we we I very much enjoyed our
affordable space adventure extreme I
would like I would like to do another
game like that where it's a two-player
cooperative instead of two player versus
I think to play versus gets old like our
what are the games did we do what was
that called um towerfall ascension that
was a fun game yeah that was a
two-player co-op I remember that that
was very that was a very good time so I
mean we'll keep doing that sometimes
it's hard like when Jays here you know
we like the talkee talkee and so it's
better if one of us can just kind of
mindlessly play a game while the other
two talk and play a game mindlessly yeah
well that's why I chose this game
because I wasn't sure if you know my
two-pronged plan for Pokemon was one if
Jay wasn't here it'd be a nice fun thing
to talk about how much you hate Pokemon
and why and if Jay was here we could
play it mindlessly and have a chat so it
was a win-win either way yeah you can
choose and eventually you can give them
to scientists and they revive them and
it turns into a Pokemon
when is Jay here he's here sometimes
he's here sometimes not all the times
but sometimes so what level do you need
to be before the pokeyman evolves it's
different for every pokeyman the
charmander someone tell me when does
Charmander evolve into the months
instead of super mega dragon yes praise
helix everyone praise helix
32 to turn him into the super dragon so
you're close all right now now they're
saying 36 what are you know you're 28
you're 26 Oh bother wants to learn mega
punch Oh bother already knows 4 moves
should a move be deleted in our place
with mega punch sure do I want mega
punch you can now you now you can look
up what it does so go down to mega punch
fo is slugged with punch thrown with a
muscle packed power it has a power of 80
which is pretty high but only an
accuracy of only 85 so it's very strong
but it might not hit every time you
never use growl anyway yeah it's
basically you're right it's a mega dick
punch left to have your beefcake mega
dick punch okay
super dragon
yeah
holy crap 120 power but it's only 75
accuracy riches thinking rich is
strategic does that cost me any of the
that PP stuff to use see how it says
five of five so you can only use it five
times before it only has five moves
where I was making a bunch of twenty
movies yeah yeah
I can't expand him to have no yeah moves
he only gets four slots forever you get
twenty uses of that I am pro a pros and
cons rich I'm thinking second it'll cost
some PP if you get mega kicked in the
dick you're right I think that's smart
you know a seventy-five percent accuracy
that ain't that ain't the best it's not
terrible but like exactly this is the
thing there'll be something powerful to
use against like something I'm weak
against is my thinking oh sure but
there's no guarantee there's no
guarantee that a land is the thing
you're right rich is thinking for the
first time in this game couple hours
I don't think we've played I've played
Smash Brothers on the Wii U on the
stream yet I don't believe we will
sooner or later
I haven't played I have not played Smash
Bros in a long time
just because we've been doing other
stuff but we will
well I should have gotten the Nuzlocke
rum you're right Oh bother that would
have been that would have been fun the
Nuzlocke rum is the thing that if your
Pokemon faints it dies forever and you
can't use it again
the Nuzlocke rum it's an added thing to
the game not not anything in the game
garden get out of your garden
Berger
you caught a bunch of strong and smart
Pokemon rich Bunch
whole bunch he comes burger
Rich: Oh, this is so difficult. It's so difficult. 
Jack: It's not difficult until it is.
Rich: I'm not convinced that's gonna happen, Jack.
Jack: Listen, I, I like, I like the experiment. This is the fun for me, is, I like seeing how far you can take this.
Rich: No, I don't wanna get Scary Face.
Jack: You don't even know what it does! 
Rich: Eh.
Jack: You can, you can, if you, if you press "Yes", you can look at what it does, and then choose not to.
Rich: I'm gonna mega punch Squirtle. That's what I'm gonna do.
Jack: Okay. I'm gonna mega...
Rich: I'm gonna mega punch Squirtle again.
Jack: I'm gonna mega punch Squirtle! You know what, Rich, I never thought I would hear you say that exact sentence. And that...
Rich: Oh, the, oh god, that water Pokemon! Oh, I'm so scared! I'm so scared! Oh, oh, I hit the wall! I hit the wall and I fucking knocked it down with my mega punch!
Jack: Squirtle did shit. That Squirtle did fucking shit.
Rich: Mega punch! Mega punch that cat thing! Oh, he's dead. Oh, he died, he died. Oh, this is so...the wall! Oh, the wall! Help me, the wall!
Jack: That can't...that cat thing.
Rich: Oh, no! It's a Ratta-tatta-tat! What will I do, Jack? What am I going to do with this woodland creature?
Jack: I don't know, Rich!
Rich: Maybe I'm going to burn him to death? Oh, he died in one hit! 
Jack: He's called Abra that Cat Thing. Oh, fucking hell, Rich.
Rich: Fuck off, Burger. Come back when you grow a pair.
oh no you beat them
all rich okay well rich Evans the pokey
man's master oh yeah I am you know what
I I'm a little jealous of riches a
pokemons scale here oh yo they're all
yeah there's a little section over there
where you can get an Abra that's the
first area you can get an Ambrose oh the
cat thing oh that cat Pokemon kind of I
need the cat Pokemon is kind of a big
deal big mystical Pokemon he's the first
psychic type you find very pretty
powerful if you find him early on so
it's a team but they're not not not big
not a big deal rich rich didn't know
about the about the mob here he's going
he's going back
what's sgdq schools quit ik I don't know
if I've seen that yet
so when is rich gonna get his shit
pushed in
it looks like never it looks like he's
just uh punch to the end
no he's just mega punching everything
that's this is it Oh bother
the Charmander 36 or 32 I forget you
know he's he's kind of kind of
demolishing everyone everyone is still
saying this the second gym is misty the
second gym is misty the water type
master and so this is what they're
saying they're saying he's gonna you're
gonna do you're gonna get it here rich
this is the big wall moment we are all
we want to believe it for us rich
pokemons pokey man's means so much to us
maybe next I'll go watch some
Teletubbies
it's weird it's weirder than you think
all right here we go where was it it was
to the right that is okay all right
yeah Maximillian talking go away go away
go away okay he can probably take on
these the you know the pushovers the the
the minions we'll see what happens we
will see what happens
rich is a champ in the making he's gonna
be the very best like no one ever was he
doesn't care about catching them that's
not his real test to train them is no
okay
uh-oh here we go this might be it the
end is nigh
you just got confused bro oh you okay oh
who would missed again okay
oh no could it be happening already
mega punch is Oh bother is confused and
Oh father used mega punch oh oh I see
spear Icicle spear not doing a terrible
monster not opening not helping shelter
and then shelters dead okay great
I like that no funeral fee the wall not
yet these are just minions fine okay
sorry
you know what you know what I do the
same thing that's fair that's a fair
strategy you can you can fight another
minion or you can go right to misty if
you want up into the right you're gonna
go with straight from misty you're gonna
fight the other minion what's what's the
plan here oh my god okay you know what
these are these are mad strats these are
leet strats from from pokey master rich
Evans here rich is awaited in Valhalla
riches Charizard it will be shiny and
chrome forever yeah yeah you keep going
around in a circle but that's fine
okay strategy time so don't talk to her
on the number one obviously that's misty
yes he just healed two HP but he got all
of his peepee back I'm sorry I'm gonna
do it again after this there is no hope
people are just saying there is no wall
it's a lie we told our childhood selves
that's possible we got too caught up in
the games lie we didn't expose it for
what it was oh wait
it's gonna tail with you look at that uh
look at that you've got green and shit
in Chrome yeah you're a little more
powerful now oh oh and that's it you
defeated her yeah yeah tail whip tail
whip what are you thinking go right for
yeah oh my god going right for go right
for this is it everybody this is the
moment we've been waiting for we've been
hoping for the second gym leader a
water-type strong against riches only
pokemon he has a full team of other
pokemons
is that this is it is now or never
Oh bother
oh not okay let's see what happens here
we got one counter-attack oh it's super
effective
almost half of Rich's ex HP or whatever
the fuck it's called down another MIG oh
oh this could be it
star U is recovering a bold strategy
star me regains some health what willow
bother to mega punch but by oh okay oh
oh star me is taking a recover strategy
instead of attacking instead of
attacking that's fine let's find
delaying the inevitable possibly waiting
for Oh bother to mess to miss that's
that's a fine fine strategy you have
potions up the ass but remember you know
you can't potion takes up a move and a
potion only regains so much health rich
you know really rich is waiting for a
critical strike could end star meas
recover and of course as she could just
be wearing down the mega punch PP but of
Korean the 11 PP lives on the plenty of
time here most army is uh-oh and we'll
finally have an attack we finally have
an attack 12 another water pulse oh my
god what is rich gonna do does he
recover he can't recover
oh and he's confused this could be it
this could be it
what do we do what do we do do we try to
fight do we try to heal I think your
potions only heal you about 20 points
he's going for the mega punch but he is
confused and Oh bother
used mega punch
oh my fucking god he did it is there one
more
you defeated leader misty by mega
punching the shit out of everyone with
six health left all hope is lost
rich is the pokeyman master suck it rich
is the greatest pokey man's player to
ever have existed rock paper scissor my
ass just raped your fucking scissors mr.
Evans
tear down that wall nice oh my fucking
god I think that's a good place that's a
great place questioning everything I've
ever known about Pokemon is a great
place if you I mean if you would have
missed if you would have missed that
punch it would have been all over that
was a gamble but you did it holy crap
everyone holy fucking crap I came to
stay do you believe in miracles there
you go that's true when you're confused
you can hit yourself I was that's what I
was waiting for use a potion yeah then
I'm just gonna heal again or hit
if you use nothing if you use the potion
and he hit you with another water pulse
he would've been dead
because the water pulse did almost no
potion only heels 20 I think all right
bud
now I listen bold strategy you did it
you've ruined pokemon for so many people
congratulations on your victory that was
wonderful so let's take a moment here
and thank some subscribers we have a big
list of subscribers here you owe me a
second
oh yeah and you received a TMO 3 in
which you don't you don't care about
that ok let's see here we have the
binary Sun sir Hilary man fat ace gigolo
Raymond the wise OC of noise my turd
green what my turds green the real Quade
space Comeau
my turds are deserts a green lakin
Proserpine max
madryn Theodore J hooker to viewers
oh they researched my though we were way
X Mensa it's fish bus gobbledygook s--
pizza train 11 lolly battle machine
three to two urban vermin and boron
brings knives to gunfights yes and a
samurai mallcop thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it it's true we
really do and thank you for sticking
around for all of the horrendous
technical problems we had for the first
probably hour of the stream huge huge
turnaround and I think it was worth it I
think all of the technical problems were
worth it for that stunning victory over
misty that horrible cunt Star Trek
reference had to read alright that's
better well thank you all for coming out
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all the old subscribers and
thanks everyone else that was a glorious
time doo doo where's my mouse
