Aug 19, 2015
Mute Crimson+, Fingered, Ink
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/13754424
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/13779247
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/13782221
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/13784425
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4B-mqpWBro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ew6OZSpG5OA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3shJdsLpZ3I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgvnlXVcxjc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/634061668138397696

[Part I]
you'll get it right away okay double
jump double do the classic double jump
hi everybody I get it
rich gets it I do enjoy the the stark
color contrast I think that's fun you
know it all begins it all it all begins
anew again did you hear this if I die I
live again did you hear the sad news
today what that um someone who had no
particular effect on my life has passed
away the batman guy the batman girl
you've on Craig wait wait batman girl
the 60s Batgirl oh really
yeah Yvonne Craig was her name and she
was uh she's the background that Adam
West Batman
six the six is sad it is that it's very
sad breast cancer and she passed away to
take very sad news she said like I said
she had no particular effect on my life
buddy you know how was that I was I was
really hoping to do that what feel no
find that uh Oh find that secret
I found that secret it's just tricky huh
it's just tricky
and that nice oh nice I got a I got a
bloop noise
you got a book noise for what thinking
of that thing I don't it's probably a
good thing what do you think well you
got a thing
so what thing doesn't do anything
wouldn't wake care if I have it well the
reward for getting the thing is
obtaining the thing
hey Jack and rich when will rich
complete the Pokemon saga of mega punch
we still have the save we do we do so at
any at any time we feel like it rich
will continue the Pokemon second as it
was quite enjoyable
we considered briefly I think we
consider doing doing an episode on that
Pokemon but we did some research and my
my strategies probably wouldn't work in
multiplayer so you know yeah well in
that's what we're trying to figure out
is like is my strategy before if anyone
didn't sing us was mashing on the a
button and using only one Pokemon cuz
because you know JRPGs are so in-depth
with the combat I know you might not
consider Pokemon a JRPG but the combat
is the same style of combat that I
despise yes and so I was a little taken
aback by how easily rich was able to oh
no oh oh fun by how easily rich was able
to defeat everything with just using one
Pokemon because I have always you know
had a well diverse team and you know
trained them equally and you know that
so that was a big deal for me that rich
only used one Pokemon and so we were
thinking about doing a Pokemon episode
you know basically calling out Pokemon
for being a little broken but in doing
some research we found
that you know many speedrunners only use
one pok√©mon and the diversity is more
important when it comes to stuff like
the player versus player battles and so
our which happens sometimes you know
we'll do research on the show and it
won't work out and I think that's fine
we don't need to do a Pokemon episode
it was an incredible stream and we will
I'm I'm confident that we will stream
that again we will continue the mega
punch saga the the Oh bother
take bets on if I'll die if or when I
mean it's it's a win right it's gotta be
a way so you think so you think yes of
course we take games sent to us we've
we've have taken games sent to us if you
go to read later mediacom there's a P o
box if we played some of them yeah
there's a PA box what are you trying to
catch that I wouldn't kitchen okay
there's a peel box sent us games oh
actually speaking of I need to thank if
if you're in chat today scrilla or jack
skrillex for jack zip zop or whatever
your name is I think it's something like
that Skrillex for Jack zips up that's
your name now as your name now sent me a
CD not by that person like Skrillex for
Jack zip zop didn't make the CD but it
was just a CD of music they enjoyed by a
apparently a Russian DJ named pixel Lord
and I really liked it
you are Swede you can the see me I am
squealed I will make you pay for what
you've done
I would like inge see you try ninja
phoenix if you sent us a box of spikes
and a bouncy ball yeah we would accept
that
absolutely
damn good man it's hard yep Oh
while sea squid man is you cannot
minimize spinning tentacles they're like
tiny penis it is Oh flap them in your
general direction only splashing when
it's flashing what's flashing yeah nope
this game is not called ninja spikes but
you know obviously though they don't
think I don't classify those as spikes
those are like some kind of weird red
plant things because they're waving so
there are no spikes in this game there
are no spikes in this game you're right
these are maybe he's just allergic to
seaweed and then that's like red seaweed
nice nice rich
nice gots it now
yeah the pattern rich is playing rich is
playing because you wanted to play and
so he's fine
why did I just assume because you've
played this buffet it a little bit
before and so yeah I didn't I didn't
really ask no I didn't fuck but you know
what I think that's fine is it is it
fine yeah okay I don't care
oh you're getting fancy now yeah you got
to fancy it is it's tough it's up
oh they're iced ice lizard games is of
the maker of this game that's right
there into there in chat thanks for
sending this to me he crawls them
everybody what is this what is this a
color palette of what three get the fuck
out of here so if you have any questions
talk to iced lizard games they made this
game and they sent it to us and and I
appreciate cuts in half and they will
let you know me too crimson plus hey
must finding this horse of attack that
you it is coming it is comes perhaps
from the ancient forests I'm sorry did
you do so I guess I solicitor games are
the most important oh that's an enemy o
most important question is are those red
things spikes Phoenix needs to know this
most important question of the night are
those right things spikes or are they
just murder plankton not murder plankton
murder seaweed you have lettuce seaweed
nice
we need a puzzles Rinda puzzles no you
failed yeah well I got caught up in the
thing I get caught up to the thing like
I just did there I died again yeah I was
listening
what's this terrible what's with so
mister you daddy just be that's funny to
you yeah are you dying that's very funny
to me that's the fun of Shh
I felt you felt
ouch shit I'm waiting for a response
which on on whether or not these are
spikes they're actually like spooky
demon tentacles invading the world I
knew it I knew it
not spikes not officially not spikes are
you okay with your main character
sounding like a racist character yeah
rich is uh and I guess I did that for
the squid - we're doing caricatures oh I
got lucky I didn't know that was a
platform are you okay with us being
vaguely racist not necessarily racist
but you know
kind of racist
so they're not seaweed they're tentacle
well um you know maybe they're spooky
seaweed you don't
oh you're so fucking on that Ridge was
the obvious solution
britches so casual a bit more than I did
yeah yeah you do you know alright you
sure do you sure do
alright someone asked me a question on
Twitter and they wanted to know whether
or not you would be interested at all in
doing a XCOM base building tutorial like
like how I do it
do you do you need one is this a thing
that many people have trouble with this
is someone on Twitter sent me a message
and say will you ask rich if he would do
an X comm base-building tutorial I mean
you just I mean I'm assuming you just
mean you want advice it's not like a
video you really need to see produced oh
yeah I'm sure they're not like you know
like what buttons do i press they're
like we know you as an X come master
yeah what do you do to build up your
basis um I think that's what they're
looking for and would you would you want
to produce an X comm centric based
building video I'd never thought about
it um killing killing ninjas oh I'm
sorry that's okay Oh
dumbass dog ran into the knot spikes I
mean I don't know that I have any
especially great base building advice I
don't I don't think it's the biggest
hurdle you would counter in that game
the base building I mean the only real
piece of advice I have is keep your keep
your satellites together is that that
one that one bonus satellite you get for
having a adjacent sorry Jason satellite
nexuses and controls out whatever the
fuck they call them that's that's very
important okay other than that I mean no
don't works for you man I like I like
keeping my alien prison on the top floor
just so I can see it easier yeah you
know I like seeing my aliens in prison
hopping around a little song before you
dissect their brain sure sure that's
true but that's just you that's just
yours yes
are you the chat wants to know if if you
are reading any comics right now right
No
neither am i I'm sorry I haven't been in
a comic book store in like five years so
and I do try to pick up you can you can
you can thank Joey casada for that yeah
they did some good you know because a
deal with the devil I mean that's that's
more acceptable than marriage casada did
a lot of good that ain't one of them you
got to go back keep wanted to get near
the top and I keep back something
falling all the way now I picked up like
a random comic book at the library the
other day I was there with my kids and
you know the library has some really
great graphic novel connection
collections and some comics cuz you know
library doesn't care what the kids read
as long as they read it and I picked up
a comic called Xena the space girl and
it's like an adorable little girl who
gets oh my god nice meets girl with them
she gets sucked into uh-oh another
dimension but kind of like is you know
thrown across space and it ends up on an
alien planet and it's pretty adorable
Izzie and uh really fun you know I like
spicy stuff I think in general you're a
spacey kind of guy
oh rich and so if you like space and
monsters and you know it has all those
great stock characters and robots and
that's how you're doing it okay
I mean you know you did it so it's
probably a kids counting no which I
guess I know a lot of comics are like
meant for children but so to call it a
kid's comic might be redundant no I
think very few comics are meant for kids
yeah yeah okay well then this is this is
a great kind
it's a weird four verse world we're
living in comics are offensive children
by the way that's true is that never was
a joke in like TV and movies when the
adult would have like the comics stashed
under his bed yep no not anymore now
they're like displayed in the living
room now that it's this that's the sign
of someone who's awesome yeah your comic
collection
I will tell rich that he's your of the
Vulcan superhero says that rich you're
their hero
why if no irony whatsoever why cuz you
don't give no I have about nothing you
don't give no ass I'm like I'm like the
dire warning of what will happen if you
don't do life better if you don't do
life better I'm the warning story you're
the cautionary tale Ben the Hat key
wrote and Rosita we know each other on
Twitter well great tell me wrote her
fucking awesome book it if you do the
things that rich Evans does you're rich
Evan your best friend will humiliate you
on the internet for profit or profit
yeah there you go
there you go
there you go now I'm on the trolley yeah
you got it
Ivan I've been looking at comics to get
you know I was really disappointed with
the last batch of comics that I decided
to read and so I'm trying to be a little
more choosy laughs betcha comics I read
was the Superman Wonder Woman comics
because I thought it would you know no
no wait go back but oh yeah I see you
know the pipe no way it is fine
I got in time I was impatient you yeah I
see that about you so fuck it let's go
yeah let's move it already
nope what are you doing did you jump
another thing I just go he just grabs it
I thought I thought I'd have to jump
that's not unreasonable you're not oh
look at that look at that fucking elite
skills
rich Evans professional gamer I didn't
think you're gonna do that oh my god and
you karate chop the dog I'm I'm a
fucking ninja you're a fucking ninja
you're so much of an inch of those guys
committed suicide they're like well I
don't want to deal with that
I need to read spider-man one more day
spider-man renew your vows Ark and the
Silver Surfer Requiem you know I don't
know if I could get into Silver Surfer
that's a character that's a little too
out there and I think you're
recommending one more day just because
you're an asshole yeah what's that
that's the deal double O is it no I'm
good I'm good
vitamin kind of erased anyway now with
Secret Wars and then how that works I
don't I don't understand what the stupid
reboot thing they're doing isn't Marvel
Johnny we've talked about this haven't
haven't you like dis disproven your
theory that rebooting characters doesn't
bring in new people by talking about
Karen reading comics now because they've
rebooted character she's reading because
of a reboot she doesn't read the
standard super horse it's not like she's
it's not like she's locked a spider-man
in the Avengers I thought you said she
was reading miss Mars she's reading well
yeah but that's some kind of a new
character more than a continuity reboot
well it's a new character called Miss
marvel hey for one miss marvel never had
fans before let's be honest oh let's be
very honest miss marvel never had fans
that's true I don't think there was ever
a successful solo miss marvel comic
you're probably right you are probably
right
fuck one right the other no sure
I just like this like you know I know
there's that was comical that was sad
that was kind of you know Karen books
good old couch books
I today I was playing a little rocket
League because I try to fit it did you
had 5 3 minutes I had 5 minutes I was
like I knew I could get in the game of
rocket League and I decided to buy the
DLC even though the DLC for rocket
League is it's just different car or
stuff kind of a joke but it's kind of
joke come on car is really nice
here's here's the the real the real
reason I bought it is because I got
rocket League for free cuz or not for
free you know I got rocket League as
part of my ps+ membership I felt bad
because I've been enjoying the game so
much I just wanted to give them more
money it and it was four dollars for the
DLC and I was like hey you know I could
pay four dollars for this and you know
you get new cars and you get do you
think it's worth five bucks why the DLC
yeah oh god no yeah and had I paid full
price for the game I never ever would
have bought it because it's like I was
cashing in as well that is games popular
yep oh my god we didn't expect that and
by the way I'm more than happy to pay
for it because of how much enjoy I just
want to make sure they keep making games
like this you know I recommend the main
game I think the DLCs just kind of joke
it is a joke it's horse armor level you
should a horse armor it's a thing the
whole I believe you that's the thing I
think one of the earliest DLCs was like
a $2.00 thing it was just armor for your
horse and game yeah it did nothing
this is cosmetic for what game I want to
say it is one of them thar Elder Scroll
things okay
Oh didn't notice them oh yeah it's it's
completely useless DLC but just to
support
psyonix what are they called whatever
the cost
just to support them for making an
awesome game I I pointed up the four
bucks and do not regret it I had a
couple great games I had a couple
nobody's scored into the last 30 seconds
of the game games where it's just all
defense
oh fuck the other right idea
the other idea
Oh God listen uh I got a little too soon
to wait go guys jump jump go wait jump
jump jump
they're adding Maps for free so
aesthetic DLC is pretty forgivable
that's the thing is like like rich said
they're cashing in and I because their
game is so good we can allow it you know
if the game was crap and they were
trying to cash in then we do then we
could be harder on them but but the
game's good let them make their money
while they can
by the main game you don't need the DLC
or just by the main game like I said I
it was part of my ps+ membership so I
felt bad even though I'm sure they're
making you know like Sony gives them
money I'm sure I have not played destiny
I have no strong feelings on destiny
I've heard good things I've also heard
bad things Oh a multiplayer only kind of
mm oh oh that's also a shooter oh hey if
you know anything about rich Evans
you know what his feelings on this game
on this first-person shooter that I have
to play with a gamepad you shoot me in
the head there's like nothing about
destiny that would appeal to me yeah
literally nothing and yeah it just
didn't strike my fancy I'd never got
into it and I think it's too far gone
now
second of all just keep going keep going
in you got it keep on man what's good
what's it happening here what what's
what's your project
while we yeah
yeah
excellent excellent try yeah excellent
try hey iced forgotten your names
already ice lizard ice blizzard games
what do those aren't golden things give
us anything beyond bragging rights or is
it is that is it just a bragging rights
thing where are you yeah it's a loser
is there are there steam achievements I
love Steven see this is Richard it's
gonna get all the steam achievements for
me cuz I'm totally okay with that if
it's just steam achievements let me know
so I can avoid them is it just bragging
rights or do we get like a better score
every five gives you a new oh okay every
level has one and every five earn gives
you a new things in the extras menu okay
so it does give you things nice then
keep getting them Oh tough shit Nintendo
art oh that little bit there I would
call em tender hard yes yeah I'm just
saying you know I don't think I do we
get things
it's just right there it I say you can't
do it yeah I'm not ready to go yet oh oh
fucking clutch that was sharp man no
losted I got winded you did literally
what when did
you had it had enriched its matter if
you die
do I have it when I'm dead no no
what what you saying no to oh I don't
know didn't you say something
well of course of course vein king Vidya
the king Vidya says kind of a dumb thing
so I'm gonna call you out on he says
there's never been a Nintendo game where
you've had to double jump your way
across spikes and so calling this
Nintendo heart is a little bit of a
misnomer and there's never you sure
there's never but I can attend a game we
had to do that but also like that's not
what I'm gonna call bullshit that's not
what a Nintendo hard means intent a hard
means just yeah it doesn't mean it's
exactly the same thing that happened
could it be I mean this come from this
location certain me that so many of my
children are still asleep soon they
we're leaving here and find home oh yeah
and this world it is you that brings
destruction to the city and your you and
your countrymen will bring defeat stand
aside
come now no chance to kill us all stay
here we could playing game
I have defeat deficit company what what
was it company well in your world but I
don't read so well absolutely not
see smart or it is the time in which we
fight very pretty
show me what
ooh I like that mom
oh yeah there's gonna be a fucking pain
in my ass yeah yeah that month was a
little bane that was uh I was I was
covering my mouth and like modulated
like modulating my hand and so it did
turn into a little bit of a bane mouth
but uh you know veins bad guy must bad
guy
Jack Packard the boys in unicorn in the
Transformers movie reboot Unicron is
that what Unicron sounded like some like
Orson Welles no it was voice Orson well
I was it might have been the last thing
he did before he died
really I could be wrong about that and
Mosby's I don't think I can do it I
don't think I have a deep enough voice
to do an Orson Welles impression and
really I wouldn't be doing an Orson
Welles impression I'd be doing a brain
from Pinky and the brain who does a very
good Orson Welles impression he's made a
living yes you should give their estate
money the man well I'm glad you like did
I solicit games I said that was the
manliest voice that moth has ever had
and you're in your head you know what's
it moth sound like that's me that's the
important question email it could maybe
not always the moth female oh I may
might be feminine transgender shaming is
that what we're doing though he always
but you know I started doing the voice
before I saw the enemy and so I just
chose like a generic bad guy voice so
that was you know what that was a that
was assuming
once I got the hang of it yeah Edie's
finished in here they will not be
deterred tell me mother I located the
Allies I am very cold yes you could have
yeah I might have given a little too
much to the coughing noises sorry if i
grossed anyone out there that was pretty
awful good game boss there is no time of
wasting
except for this time I'm wasting right
now well
that sure was a drink okay I am going on
must jump over a pizza oh my god thing
fall from sky I see where I am no it did
not it did not fall from the sky some of
you would stop yeah
anything anything above you is the sky I
don't know if we can answer that I know
you've asked that question a couple
times Vulcan about rich in eyes favorite
game of all time he has a tricky
question it is because like what you're
into it one day doesn't necessarily mean
and what you're into all the time
I bet there's a secret up there I can
probably give you a list of favorites I
don't know but I can give you a a
pecking order or has been fond of beef
one and two what I kill yourself out
there of one of the middle rock lands on
those bikes oh I bet there's a secret up
there oh you're right you're right I'm
inside that I'm inside the head of the
developers that's exactly where I would
hide a secret so sorry go ahead
how about about three give us three
games that you really enjoy it thief X
come
um some blanks classic doom classic
design is gonna be in the running
like just forever that the for Doom 1
yeah
quiet or class no playable this day well
I think I need the source pores to enjoy
today because you get mouth look classic
classic doom don't have most look and we
know I'm very picky about the way I play
Oh Oh bother
I see that
I see what you did there and see what
you did there he made a funny oh my god
I tried to double back I think you can
double I think you can do it
so thief XCOM original doom those are
three I mean it's probably other games I
love them just not brain not work right
now sure sure
nothing is fine list that is a fine list
I'm trying to think I'm trying to think
of game you know like that's Master of
Orion Master of Orion okay uh oh yo oh
wait oh fucking ninja you are ninja you
are ninja ninja ninja run boom good job
Thank You congratulations oh my god
the rules have changed the eyeballs have
changed
do you juju
this is this is an eye tutorial yeah
yeah yeah do you know how to deal with
the eyes
I suppose our game says akan green ice
game at that last point oh thank you I
think I think you handled that up in a
way that was not expected oh really
you cheated this is so good get oh and
by the way no the framerate on this game
does not suck
it's it's OBS everything on the game you
the eye and I'm seeing it work um come
through right now do you see how choppy
that looks on OBS oh yeah the the
framerate is what is just OBS it the
game plays very smoothly thank you for
pointing that out and I just am seeing
it now so there is something weird
happening what is wrong with OBS with
OBS and I don't I don't know what it is
so it just might be the way that it's
capturing the game you wanna stick
around with it a bit uh you know once
you start weaking with stuff really what
it might take is just you know stop
streaming it start screaming again so
it's not a way to watch the game we
should you better see if I can get this
thing for sure yeah get through this
area
and then and then we'll try to make it
look better because yeah this isn't let
me see if I can get this cheesy I don't
know why this ninjas loves cheese it so
much and they aren't giant cheese's what
do you mean you don't understand their
cheese's
is the FPS lakhs of monitors refresh
dream that should matter the read the
monitor can you jump up from below the
thing if I tried once and it didn't work
maybe I just fucked someone Oh a good
Larry I must've just fucked something up
that time I argue lead it faster I got a
slow start because it wasn't expecting
that recovered it oh you got the rising
level level you got the rising level
level
you can turn off vsync in the options
menu and it'll work on high refresh
monitors maybe that maybe we'll give
that a try see if that looks any better
Shh pause it for a second options turn
vsync off we'll see if this looks any
better there you go that looks much
better thank you this is what the game
really looks like sorry about that
we're so sorry about that ice lizard
game I hope I hope it's like this is why
rich and I suck but that's fine
oh well that's why rich sucks right
there jack yes we don't know what it's
like man you got no room to talk oh yeah
you haven't played this far you're right
got no room to talk mother fucka my eyes
they're cured Jedi Knight 2 is another
good one Jedi Knight - yeah that's
another game that you just that I enjoy
sure that's important to you yeah nice
yeah we're probably gonna play some
other games tonight quick - quick -
because it was the game that started my
journey into PC gaming there there will
always and forever be a place in my
heart for Team Fortress 2 even though
it's kind of broken right now
and I haven't played it in possibly a
year and I don't know if I will ever
play it again but Team Fortress 2 you
know over a thousand hours into the game
it's always gonna have a place in my
heart
everyone knows my intense love of The
Binding of Isaac really just a lot of
Edmond McMillan's games Binding of Isaac
Super Meat Boy Super Meat Boy is you
know one of the all-time greatest
platformers ever made
you're gonna get that cheese in
motherfucker TIE fighter TIE fighter you
and I are very different gamers yeah and
I like that about us Thai fighters are
amazing Thai fighters quest for glory -
yeah yeah
now you're just talking about games you
like I'm trying to get no no no this
games that are important to you yeah
first formally - yeah mine are the best
adventure game ever right huh
I mean by virtue of being an adventure
games not super replayable but as far as
its place in my heart goes your quest
for glory - okay don't you dare tell me
what it belongs in my heart yeah like
all I'm saying is you know you're
listing a lot and I think that that
means you have a big heart Oh God
can I just say ISIL is er games I love
those dogs I think they look badass
the dogs would like the bones coming out
of their backs ninja ninja ninja
oh no no not now no no no no no Severns
what do you think what do you think of
this fr oh that's cute yeah it is
oh you know what while you were
following I completely forgot that you
could stick on walls I think it's very
cute like and I think if you're the type
of person that likes these retro kind of
games it's very fun although now that
Ritchie said it I will forever view
those special tokens as cheez-its oh
shit
I'm sorry if that upsets you but I just
see Jesus now I can't help but if
they're Jesus Jack knowing Jesus are
delicious until I get it while that why
your ninja wants him so bad
I just wish there was more challenging
that one this seems a little seems a
little easy that was hastily done oh
shit I forgot to put one oh fuck
just pop it along and then whoop whoop
what it what is the what's the sketch it
where the guy repeats cheese it's cheese
it's there's a sketch
yeah it's like a an online sketch you
know and I just yeah well you're fucking
up so hard look fuck off jacking fuck
off I didn't see you pulling off these
sick moves I'm not and you're right it's
just nice cuz usually usually you know
I'm on the receiving end of the you know
sucking a video game that was nlg Pro
100%
why does Jack never talk about sports
cuz I don't watch sports or care about
sports Jack doesn't know much about
sports ball I know nothing about sports
ball and I don't care too so that's why
I don't talk about sports and I never
have I never have cared or talked about
her you've never had a team uniform I've
never had a team I rooted for I never
cared even when I was a little light it
was just like why
why is this a thing why sports the thing
I you know I played like I played
baseball
I played football for a little bit I've
you know I like playing games but also I
was I was a fat indoor kid for a looked
you know by the time most people were
like getting into sports I was I was
finding video games so I spent a lot of
time indoors
no no nope nope nope maybe I'm not
supposed to follow all right that could
be
have I seen Ralph ball she's Lord of the
Ring movies is that the animated one
Bashi
is that the animated one yeah yeah I've
seen that one that's good
it's weird I know I've seen The Hobbit
okay that's the one I've seen yeah nice
that's a very unique animation style
take off five absolutely some of Lord of
the Rings sure cuz I remember Berto and
Sam hopping around doing just bopping
around like ski the stair babe oh wow I
got a ring you know scatting it up it's
pretty good I got repressed by your scat
man do you know I got I got a little I
got a little soul in there a little soul
in me I do a pretty decent Louis
Armstrong I used to do that for karaoke
like a wonderful world Louis Armstrong
oh so you know I got I got it's this guy
I got the Skadden be okay all do jack
each and every one of us that's what
Steve I am what is this
I seeing not good
I see not good time I fight you say
agreed time fight you say agreed
you know Oh dope going going honey I'm
going bad boy oh shit shit I think every
game needs at least one giant eyeball
monster that's a staple I don't know
there's a minimal you know thing no I
mean you can't have I don't think you
need to I think it's great I like it I
think you think Splinter Cell needs a
giant eye baby yes why you know like
last time I played civilization there
was no giant eyeball monster to
negotiate with Gandhi and it made took
me out of the game a little bit
what
I can't say I can st. compared to the
last cup of bosses yeah
mr. Kavon pushover kind who's your snap
not acceptable
yeah what could be what could be what is
this device mmm this device that I am
looking at their device perhaps going
forward to this technology we shall see
beep listen you're doing the ninja thing
of the clicks no I'm sorry Jack I'm
stealing your thumb just your step but
you know Oh mechanical level whoop now
you must use all your ninja skills
eisah lizards say that they're very
excited that uh by how far you've gotten
oh he's no problem maybe you didn't know
this about rich
that motherfucker's on me Oh timing was
bad timing was a little off say you want
to say that again jack yeah you've
riches and motherfucking ninja I don't
want to say it again what did I think of
the movie the animation is very
interesting I it was a long time ago
that I saw it so I have no strong
feelings one way or another the
animation is really weird Oh
so I have no strong feelings towards
that movie
as I guess what I'm saying I apologize
that I have no strong feelings I like
you I like your tutorials person who
made this cuz they see that you see you
see the guy and then you see all ladies
dreams killed the guy those are laser
beams I can't touch those okay I just
did twice isn't that beautiful yeah also
is that a skeleton samurai next time you
see that bad guys I'm sure you're gonna
die again are you sure
see I can't cut him yeah he's like an
undead like okay yeah I could see that
you might be a skeleton we're looking
for skeleton confirmation that's good I
mean he probably has a skeleton however
no matter what right well no but if he's
like a leg up he could be a ghost then
he doesn't have a skeleton
well then he probably wouldn't have
worked in blood it could be a ghost
skeleton oh my god the ghost of a
skeleton
what the fuck indeed what the fuck
indeed skeleton skeleton confirmed okay
thank you
too soon what do we think about the
sequel itis is about megaman x and it's
soft it or else like that's the seagull
itis series i think they're fun damn it
and I think the things that he says and
that series is correct that's what I
think have you seen this eagle eye this
series I've seen Mega Man X yeah that's
fun oh there be stuff over to my right
but there was no stuff over to my right
this is very Nintendo in the way that
there is a pattern that you have to see
mm-hmm
where's the I haven't seen a cheese in
the well am I missing cheese's oh well
you stay on this level these have one
per level so I think I'm mr. Jesus you
might have missed a cheese it and I have
I was Evan reading chat so I haven't
been attending
what's my favorite sequel ever half-life
2 boom are we talking in terms of like
quality levels versus the original Mega
Man 2 yeah yeah some hot shit compared
to the both good Evil Dead 2 which I'm
movies your games that's one of this I'm
just naming sequels that are I that I
enjoy both of those are quality sequels
Road Warrior oh nice oh you totally mr.
cheese in your on the next level already
you're fucked up bridge jack shit
happens jack it does
they get a little more hidden as the
game goes on see oh snap or those tiny
treadmills yeah oh I get it yeah
you fucker i solicit kids what's he
saying oh no I'm just like that's like
that's a fuck you game design right
they're like yeah he's a tiny little
platform that's constantly moving thank
you okay there is a level select then it
shows you if you got the cheez-its
so you can always go back that's good to
know
no God no God no God oh yeah I just
don't know if I can
I must claim to these Tetris pieces I
hope they don't fall that's not a
terribly smart yes that only is three
chunks huh that's a leave that alone is
three chunks Jack potential space i step
four chunks look at that one that one
that one it looks like a Tetris out the
rest don't but be with me that was the
joke it was it looks as one of those
things looks like a Tetris piece as a
self-respecting nerd Jack I can't let
that slide
no that was you know I wasn't generally
necessarily going for authenticity just
oh this is too insane you can do it rich
you can do it touch it jump jump touch
it
you can do it just for you just breathe
just breathe you can do it oh fuck is
space cop a sequel to freedom feeding
frenzy or guerrilla interrupt no there
is no greater feeding frenzy guerrilla
interrupted universe you're not you're
not going for an rlm cinematic universe
do you think if people tried they could
find connections in all of your movies
though the the carrot my character's
name in row interrupted is Ray Grabowski
which may be a link to something else
we've done oh my god there's a there's a
curb aus key in space cop 2 is there
there is you might not even be aware of
that because it's just a name on a
screen news reporter or last name also
browse key
well the nega what someone was assets
full of garbowsky's grubaugh skis I
think it is a common name I think people
are hoping people are hoping for a
cinematic universe now they've gotten
used to that it's expected now you know
who's doing the cinematic universe
before it was like a thing with Marvel I
haven't Smith oh yeah those early movies
were all connected that's true
the esc' universe yeah if you will
oh shit well not all of it like you know
he had the Jersey trilogy yeah
and Dogma it connects to those yeah all
talking as part of the is the third
hello there's clerks Mallrats chaser
name oh yeah dogma and Jane Silent Bob
strike back so the first five oh fuck I
know clerks to Mars of course and I'm
sure there's got to be some sort of
tenuous connection in Jersey girl
I don't think so you don't think I liked
Jersey girl I like George Carlin and
yours eater well sure well I mean I like
George Carlin general but in that movie
I think he's actually really good he was
never given a chance to really act much
but he was in stuff but you think it was
a good performance never
the rest of movies pretty corny yeah
it's pretty dull it's corny but I am
okay with corn that was just kind of
cool cruel cruel what are you playing
this is a game called the mute crimson
plus very nes style of platformer and
somebody explained them to me because
people talk
we the developer of the game is in the
chat you can ask them as I kind of just
watched oh well I'm you know you said
someone
iced ice to lizard I thought my
implication was that was a question that
deserved an answer I didn't think I
needed to to talk down to everybody
mm-hmm and you know make that an
official question well you could it you
know you could have asked them
specifically instead of just like oh you
know that wreaked of passive-aggressive
to me like if only if only someone could
give me the answer to this you know no
you know what I was thinking huh I was
thinking Jason the room and Jay doesn't
know the developers here and I mean
they'll be just like an awkward
exhalation
oh well Jay you know what you developer
the game is actually in the camera right
now imagine and then ever waste ten
minutes of us talking about that again
when everybody already knows that it's
not wasted now we've wasted 15 minutes
discussing why I phrased it that the way
I did in the original first place
fifteen minutes you have a different
you're on a different time schedule than
the rest of the world no also we haven't
wasted 50 minutes we filled 15 very
different and they have answered it's
the color palette is mu okay it's a very
fun game it's like a puzzle

[Part II]
I'm done doing that now along with you
yeah looks like fun Nitti it's a very
fun game it's like a puzzle second
puzzle more than a platformer which is
fine well it's the the puzzles are the
platform elements that was luck good a
spear skill that was it last part wasn't
your skill get out of town only I could
do this only I have enough skill oh my
oh you are a doesn't lead I burn
oh did you guys know by the way that on
Netflix there's a behind that there's a
wet hot American summer
behind-the-scenes featurette yeah not
even a feature of it's like 90 minutes
or something or an hour at least it's
it's a whole behind the scenes thing I
just stumbled across the other day a
hurricane of fun it's called if anyone's
looking for it it's great yeah it's
clearly like it was shot at the time and
almost looks like it was edited at the
time right really
oh the original yeah that was serious no
another show yeah it's like four by
three like it's a old-looking it's great
yeah and I wonder if that was like meant
to be some sort of behind-the-scenes
thing on the DVD is it not on the DVD no
oh it's great yeah it's really good it's
interesting scene on Bradley Cooper like
he's so excited just to be there like
this is his first big gig no no that was
his first gig yeah like crazy
it was Bradley Cooper's first movie it
was Amy Poehler's first movie Elizabeth
shoes first movie was shoot Elizabeth
Banks sorry okay sorry thank you for
being there it was all of their first
movies isn't that amazing and then in
the future they keep talking about like
how Janeane Garofalo is the big get
she's like looking Stern now she's like
the least famous one in the new show
correct like we have Janeane Garofalo
and david Hyde Pierce and that was their
huge again and at the time I guess it
was you know and I kind of love that
yeah yeah it's a good behind the scenes
yeah I was really excited I rewatched
the movie after I watch the show just
because I wanted a more put out American
summer nights I know I want a second
season
already I don't know and we you and I
haven't talked about this yet I had very
real problems with Michael show halters
weight gain it's distracting it is
distracting and I don't want to be like
but it is distracting and it's not
because he gained weight it's because he
looks so drastically different yeah it
would be the same as if the what's the
name of that heavy he said comedian in
the in the original series and admit her
in the original movie maybe that Court
longer yeah yeah it would be the exact
same if he lost a bunch of weight and
was like railfan yeah it would be
incredibly distracting
and so I couldn't I found myself
inaudible it's a really awkward physical
comedy with him that makes it funny like
when he's chasing the little kid like I
thought that was boy yes and they're
just like running in circles it's funny
cause he's so like yeah but a lot of his
jokes I think were flat to me only
because his character looks so different
which I feel I feel bad saying but no I
thought his storyline was the weakest
the one with like him and what's her
face like Israel and israelian yeah that
whole subplot was I thought the weakest
I didn't hated her
oh sure
better business going on but they got
the better business Israeli and sent
like a weird doctor who race or
something israelian yeah we have to stop
the Israeli ins Israeli Israeli yeah
Israeli and does sound alien sorry
anyone from Israel I'm American so I
don't know what other countries call
them so they're oppressing the paranoid
this goes against everything the globe
ulaana treaty tried to resolve the
paranoid keep sending neutrino bombs at
us just some really clumsy social
commentary right exactly exactly
but these rail eons have all of our
supplies of dilithium crystals so we
must be of act nice to them right that's
heavy handed everything sex so overall
though did you enjoy it was great that
sounds like a no to me the first sounds
like a you know we're talking about the
first like shattering no I thought the
first like three episodes were hilarious
and then I think it got kind of got
weaker as it went along I thought it's
true
I enjoyed it all but I I think I only
enjoyed it because I enjoyed the movie
so much and but yeah yeah it was alright
DJ ski mask DJ undercover you don't the
venko they can only get bradley cooper
birthday yes he's like hey it's me DJ
ski mask who's also been has it been
yeah and then every once in a while they
just cut to him alone and he lifts up
the ski mask it's still very funny it's
just you know like especially re
watching the movie
the movie is so special it is yeah and
the movie has an energy that the show
doesn't have yeah that's the one thing
I'll say about the show is that it
didn't it wasn't as like rapid-fire yeah
as the movie but it's also a show right
to fill whatever eight hours should they
have just made a made for Netflix movie
hmm I don't know I kind of like the
format of it as a show I get out of
there no I got stuck on the wall ya know
like it works overall I'm happy about it
you know I'm happy it exists in general
oh my god
but you know
I don't give it a solid b-plus
get off the wall that's but coming from
an A plus plus plus on a scale on a
scale of 100 I'd give it a b-plus okay
if that makes any sense
good considering it could have turned
out like Arrested Development season
four right way better dude I can rush
the development season I I liked it more
than most people seem to people seem to
hate it I think it has its moments it's
not a solidus the the original series
but okay it's not anywhere near the
first episode I watched it like the date
went off and the first episode was so
unfunny yes and I think that's how
people view the entire season I thought
it got better
I don't had its moments it definitely
suffers from the fact they're all
separate yeah oh trying to put them
together all that stuff bad very awkward
but there's some funny storylines I
think all this stuff with Tobias and the
Bant reference to the Roger Corman
fantastic Homer with Maria Bamford Maria
ban yeah Oh God oh yeah all that stuff
was good actually that's another one
that's that's the opposite of my Michael
Showalter problem where Portia de Rossi
like lost a bunch of weights even issues
I think she kept plastics she looks
different I thought it was a different I
thought it was supposed to be her I
thought it was a younger actress and
then it was like wait that's her this is
too easy something something yeah this
is too easy
heard about a part of the last couple
levels hmm this is pretty cake this was
so this might be right right before boss
is it expected to die as much as you're
dying I think so yes and say would you
like to try it no no I think I'll do
maybe maybe you should shut the -
actually I think Ritchie's doing well
okay like I think I just I unfairly been
paid attention so now that I'm watching
I'm like wow this looks like it's
intentionally the most difficult thing
ever oh sure I think rich is doing
better than most people with it's yes
it's
I think that's the style of game you
know yeah a quarter sucka fucking dig
the soundtrack to still not as hard as
ninja gaiden one but well but a few
things are
Oh way down these might be spikes yeah
this is like classic Nintendo me oh
there are spikes spikes confirmed spikes
confirmed
sorry Phoenix there were things before
that looked like spikes but they weren't
actually spikes they were like to
confirm they were evil tentacles
overeating Wonderful's these look like
spikes so maybe they're like long blades
but we're just seeing them through the
side that's too deep
how is that different than spikes blades
like a razor blade like a with thin long
edge just we're saying them through the
side so it looks like a spike so I'm
still saying those spikes
I get that cheesy
it's confirmed there's mics damn it yeah
so siren I know you're not sir I know
that's I know I'm patronize me I'm not
I'm not sorry
not even a little bit afraid yeah yeah
yeah just about to suggest that I had to
try that one twice I mean I only tried
it once
sure oh yeah it wasn't a very good jump
sometime yeah listen not I'm not trying
to ask what bassy game or nothing I'm
not trying to rich Evans it you know
it's the way to that
oh my god Andy oh my floored
I write down things to talk about in
cases
now the magic has been wrong now now the
whole show feels artificial people know
that I've told them that before that was
one of the things I wrote down in my
notebook is I should tell people I write
things down in my notebook I run with no
notes yeah yeah yeah well that's fine
you and I or nee you're getting 100%
natural yep
natural evans coming at ya corn and you
get so fed natural rich Evans corn-fed
dad dad I don't understand the corn-fed
is interrogation yeah yeah I guess I've
never in context of what what does it
mean what does corn-fed mean I think I'm
giving us what a pass oh you got it you
can do it it's it's sitting right there
just a cheese it's staring at you it's
sitting right there because it's so
fucking hard to get yeah it doesn't need
you kinda have to prove your worth a
rich it doesn't need to fake you out
come on give me fish yeah come and get
me exactly why this cheese it and you're
just gonna let it season you want this
cheese and Jesus Jesus you think you can
get the cheese it's what is that from
Jesus arose snack items she's a tart
snack item dirt if you didn't know what
that wait no no there's a there's some
sort of internet sketch comedy in which
a character goes cheese it's cheese it's
oh she's it's and it's very strong in my
mind and I can't remember what sketch it
is and I've just seen a million zillion
internet video so if someone in the chat
have you ever watched anything by Smosh
it's like the most subscribed YouTube
channel or whatever it's it's the
largest comedy YouTube channel I never
watched anything never they have a Ruby
and I watched the trailer for their
movie ok and it looks like the worst
thing ever oh and then I got really
depressed that I found out later that it
was directed by Alex winter ok his bill
and Bill in 1000 directed movie freaks
which is amazing he directed free you
know he was in it he's in it too but he
directed them no no active it and he
just recently did a documentary about
Napster like he's a good filmmaker and
that's like oh you made the Smosh movie
is but you haven't seen the movie yet I
haven't see the movie but the trailer is
terrible
Cerebus is terrible what's the premise
the premise is like it's like the lamest
idea do you remember the Jerky Boys
movie I mean I remember that it existed
yeah well the Jerky Boys movie was like
okay these guys make comedy album oh
alright you're so knows baby they make
their giving is like oh they mean they
do prank calls how do we turn that into
a movie right it's like oh they're being
chased by the mob and they have to make
prank calls to get out of this
predicament it's like the lamest idea to
turn into a clicker to take something
and turn it into a movie that sounds
brilliant
and so the Smosh movie is like something
happens with YouTube or YouTube breaks
and most so they go to the YouTube
headquarters and they get sucked into
YouTube and then they're going to
various YouTube channels like stay tuned
in or that movie really gets sucked into
the team of course like John Ritter
classic yeah it's like it's gonna get
stuck in the TV they get sucked into
YouTube oh I was like first erected by
Ali's winters so now I feel like I kind
of have to see it
she's supposed you suppose when he made
Bill & Ted he thought he was the one who
was gonna go places
he's very candid about his place in
comparison to Keanu Reeves
he'll expect her school I like yeah you
know he's working
Smosh move he's working I mean I guess
but he's gonna know
he has another documentary this don't
die right don't fucking die now you've
gotten the cheez-its you can't die
and I see thank you everyone in chat you
are correct
did you ever see the internet sketches
David Blaine Street magic no or they
make fun of the David Blaine Street
magic eye that's where the cheez-its
thing is this feeling of including I
thank the chat for for remembering
obscure internet videos everyone burb
burb or the one person is that figured
that out
exactly yeah take me to your
administrator burp burp er don't speak
under the time I don't speak computer
computer and Rich's do if you will not
help me yeah then we fight there be beer
agreed agreed
apparently Alex winter also directed a
documentary about the Silk Road murder
trial so he's an he's an accomplished
director yeah I loved reads that movies
great I watched it one time and he used
to do a show on MTV called me o Hawks oh
it's like a sketch show same type of
humorous dreams
oh I'm guessing you've never seen please
I've never seen for either you you and I
have had a conversation about freaks
before and I confused it with like the
1950s black and white movie about
sideshow no freaks freaks brownie yeah
Reese's oh yeah yes freaks is a an
interesting interesting I I like I guess
I'm a little curious to see what Smosh
does I've never seen any other things I
know they they are like I've never heard
of them until they're the the most
subscribed to comedy channel on YouTube
shock that's not like college yours yeah
yeah who stole one of our videos once oh
yeah
what pricks I mean it's not like they
need to have any one of our videos into
their player yeah yes I'm gonna say yes
not really knowing but that that seems
like something they would steal you
think it might have been the
Transformers oh we confirmed they were
getting the the ads for that yeah it was
not it was not the YouTube player it was
there it was their play yeah you can do
it you can do it rich
but you know good for Smosh we ain't
hatin on Smosh unless the movie sucks
then we can hate the premise for the
movies
the premise for the movie is terrible
but there could be the first thing I
thought it was the dirty boys it's like
this is taking something that is not
intended to be a feature film and trying
to work that premise into yes it was I
mean the Jerky Boys in general got old
after like one bit sure they have their
stick that's fine I I washed that when I
was like so horribly sick I couldn't
change the channel oh no like cable late
one night and I was just horribly ill
yeah oh I think you're going somewhere
with that no you just reuse just really
upset because he couldn't change the
channel oh it's like sickest I've ever
felt in my life
and yet I'm watching the Jerky Boys
movie i'm sure didn't help
boom
have either of you seen orphan black no
no okay well then fuck I did just start
watching orange is the new black oh
that's a quality show yeah yeah it's got
a really weird tone it's like it's not a
gritty prison drama it's not a straight
comedy it's like a really funny drama no
way can describe a real people I mean
drum yeah that does not seem like it
would go together this is this is a step
up from the I monster by the way yeah I
noticed an hour you seem to be doing a
lot more dying on this one yeah Lisa
really enjoys orange is the new black
but orphan black if you're into sexy
ladies and sci-fi premises I've heard
the name I don't know anything about
it's pretty fucking good the in the
pilot in the first episode a lady oh
yeah yeah oh well I'll do it cuz I have
a
you're not so I don't page I'm sorry
that's from Cheech and Chong movie it's
Paul Reubens I don't know which one so
the pilot episode of orphan black
this lady is down on her luck and on a
subway train track she sees someone that
looks exactly like her and then the
person who looks exactly like her throws
herself in front of the train and she
steals her identity because she looks
exactly like each other and then sci-fi
entry happens
what is this on Amazon Prime it's I'm
sure it's not in another channel first
but I don't have watches anything on TV
anymore so you do it nice I just got
through season 1 in this fucking
fantastic first like after the first
like hi premise episode 1 it like the
next two episodes are kind of flat but
then well pizzaz we here
space hi Sawyer oh space level it seems
we are going to fall into final frontier
you seem to be getting more raisins do
not hate on that you cannot hiding on
moon I am come to your base all right
before the silver I nicked all your base
are belong to me before he kills the bad
guy do you think yep all your base are
belong to B I'm calling it okay oh my
god oh he's just checking to see if he
was that racist no no I was turning on
the twitch app on my phone oh but the
volume was off oh my god the rich did
you see that what the the dog the
Diamond Dogs I saw my have his face
on the other side
I was those kind of a gimme well I'm
okay with that
well as soon as I we've missed out
missed a couple is this the four is this
we fight Oh everyone has a space helmet
on how adorable
except for you you don't have a space
salad
that's why you get cut now cuz I'm gonna
jump here's something that's true I
guess you're in space you should
probably wear one ninjas don't you they
can breathe they can be the same magic
all right
they have the breath technique technique
it'll be fine for hours the breath
technique yeah is that what it's called
yeah really appropriate
counting this world there are three
before you beat the game oh okay
and we will try to get through this
level then and then move on what three
did I missed all worlds three yeah three
worlds left I do want to get to some
other games tonight
okay I'm just assuming I can't hit that
thing my Thord yeah you know you also
don't have a sword you have a karate
chop
is it a sword or is it a karate job nice
assumed he was taking the sword out of
somewhere it looks no I think that's
motion okay
i iced lizards visibly showing the
motion of his arm is it is that a sword
or a karate chop these are important
safe stations have soars right no we're
not gonna play more rocket League though
we want to look at the trunk game that's
a trek game rich and I have been a
little obsessed with it it might be the
greatest game ever oh we're at the
halfway point again that's good to know
Oh rich you are right it's a magic sword
he summited his summited he sees
somebody he's some dude someone gave him
it hey you know he's some bit a little
bit of it something it's imagine so it's
a magic sword he summons it with his
slices
according to iced lizard no that may he
made the game no you're right you can't
tell me how to interpret a work of art
that's true because you're kind of I
guess so suck it which is bullshit I'm
definitely in the authorial intent camp
when it comes to interpreting a work
one can't oh yeah but I think if the
author didn't intend it you're just it's
just something you're pulling out of
your ass yeah but and it's worthless no
no no it's your interpretation and
that's fine and even if the author
disagrees like he an author can have a
different intent than how you view it in
your view is wrong in my view no no
there's no there's no wrong way to view
art sure there is that I disagree with
there can't be a wrong way to be
No but the idea of getting something out
of a piece of art that the creator did
not intend is not isn't that what I was
nothing morally that's not what I'm
saying but I mean there's what I hate
like I'm thinking of that room 237
documentary where people are just coming
up with insane stupid theories about the
shiny okay where it's like no that's
just dumb that's going it's the same
thing
author didn't intend it pulling it out
of your ass
it doesn't matter of what you're pulling
out of your ass is slightly crazier or
not I think I think there's varying
degrees i I think it's kind of got to be
an all-or-nothing thing here because
even even if it is like even if you find
it dumb like you know it's it's okay if
people national person would find the
stuff in room 237 don't finish that
thing oh yeah
parts of it were amusing yeah but for
the most part just a bunch of idiots it
was also the execution of it too it's
like you don't see anybody it's just
footage with all these voiceovers like I
hated that
Oh as someone who is saying I see you
Chernobyl kinsmen Jim Nobel it's an it's
an R and an end just throwing that out
there
Chernobyl kinsman yes sorry apparently I
butchered your name all the time and
that's just gonna happen thank you for
for correcting me
I will butcher names Chernobyl kinsman
yeah I think you're right
the Scarlett XJ just needs to open his
mind a little bit you know man it's just
like have you ever wondered man or it's
like what if the movies our reality and
we're living right what if z80 really
spelled dog that's the one funny joke
and Revenge of the Nerds - yep oh yeah
that's no curse that's where they're all
saying money line at allmovie where did
you where did that come from your brain
I just I don't know I always remembered
it cuz it was like did you recently
watch no it's just always stuck with me
nice there's a cheese enriched no
pressure I think I know what to do
okay pulling it off won't necessarily be
easy but I think I know how to get it
sure the the Vulcan superhero wants to
know in general what type of music do we
listen to rich random stuff I like yeah
yeah Friday if I had to if I had to pick
favorite bands and I have very few bands
just because they've got bad song genre
like let's say you know you're I can't
do that I just I just can't I would the
answer would probably be none yeah you
Stella's in a music that really Wow I'm
quite fond of the doors okay most
everything the doors have ever done yeah
and Nirvana oh alright I think you've
said that before and I was surprised
last time you said it too
okay when you're doing shit what do you
like listening to oh man lately I've
been on a kick of synth wave stuff okay
synth wave yeah it's like a hit buttons
I'm running it so a what sample search
like synth away playlists on YouTube
I've been listening to well been doing
space cup visuals it seems appropriate
okay but it's like you know like 80 some
type stuff mostly instrumental oh and
it's not even like a like a nostalgia
like Oh corny eighties music I genuinely
like the sound of it
so that's why I've been listening to a
lot lately but in general yeah I don't
really have I mean in high school I was
really into punk rock it's got all that
but not so much now like I like old New
Wave stuff I like the blues quite a bit
you like the balloon I do like the
interest never heard you listen to the
boys well that's not good music to
listen to on your plate doing visual
effects or like throwing a party yeah I
wanted to hear that it just it's this
this is new Jim Bowen information I
think it was since high school and you
know what I am the Blues Brothers to
thank for getting me into it those
posers know that's how I kind of got
into it and learned about a lot of stuff
from there and discover new stuff on my
own
Oh normal gravity but but I'm not I
don't know why there's no like specific
genre all right my favorite genre of
music is the Talking Heads they go about
that that's that's a correct thing to
say and I really enjoy most the time
when I'm listening to music it's when
I'm doing stuff like visual effects and
so I really like electronic music so I
had time mostly because it it can be
ignored and that's that's great music to
put on in the background you're doing
effect stuff Daft Punk is great although
next time you're doing it look up a
simple wave playlists on YouTube yeah
let me know what you think
listen this is happening totally into it
this is happening
oh god I also really enjoy the hip hop
the hip ''tis and the hoppity's and
and girly pop music and I'm not being
ironic
Oh
stuff like stuff like Katy Perry fucking
love it
kids oh my god first of all crass but
like like kind of indie girly pop like
I've been listening to a lot of Sylvan
Esso lately it's really amazing and like
a lord within lord I love fucking lodges
I just the only thing I know about Lord
is that she fucking ruined everybody
wants to rule the world
I just ever album I like it I'm a bigot
and she fucking what you did well just
don't listen to that one because
gravity's going this way
and gravity puzzles fuck yo gravity
so you can walk back but you can't jump
back well that's the treadmill most
heading that direction oh Jesus
the treadmill weren't walking back I
couldn't have gone back you just got
jumped forward I gotta stop before it's
too late
alright or do that
nope nice
yes
oh I got distracted by the cheese it I
you know what I haven't seen that Lord
South Park episode I'm sure it's very
funny
oh yeah it's like Stan's dad is actually
bored
yeah I'm sure it's very funny I haven't
kept up with South Park that's the thing
I used to love it I mean that I'm sure
it's still fine I just haven't watched
it oh yeah they usually put out quality
stuff I just saw someone new type i am
lorde yayaya that was the joke from the
episode Ritchie getting done um are you
losing your mojo you need some words of
encouragement like yeah you can do it I
believe in you concentration okay ah
dammit you can do it
South Park is hit or miss yeah you know
I mean it's usually there's at least one
funny thing in every South Park
I'm just amazed that they've been able
to continue doing the show for as long
as they have under the circumstances
that they make it yeah I don't know if
it's still on Netflix but if anyone has
not seen what's it called six days to
air boom I bet the documentary about
them putting together an episode of
South Park it is ridiculous read I'm a
clear concise - in such a short amount
of time yeah listen I'm not you don't
have to do it I'm wearing how I would
write jeez it's our important but you
know Jesus aren't life what if you're
starving is death
she just might very well be life Joe
yeah
that's a tricky question someone that
someone is saying how is this more fun
than 101 spikes I didn't I personally
didn't hate 101 spikes but this isn't as
hard is that it's not as hard and it
like this seems a little more the
controls are a little more forgiving
wearing 101 spikes you have to be so
precise every millimeter you know every
every tiny little movement has to be
exactly your timing with everything that
was going on around you had to be insane
- yeah and so this is al it's a little
more fluid and it gives you a little
room to - correct if you make an error
and so that's what makes it a little
more fun not saying no yeah I really I
did not much care for her once Mike's
ejected I was fine it wasn't my favorite
game
and I beat it I beat Onderon 801 that
spikes
I got snake
that's a good question Phoenix they want
to know rich how you plan on sleeping
tonight knowing that you gave up on that
cheese in probably pretty good yeah okay
Oh God nice oh my god
rich is losing it a little bit that's
okay you're saying one more section I
once we get to the end like you know the
end of this section that's when I was
ready to call it but if you got to do it
earlier you know it's for your sanity
what we what we play next might ruin
what's left of your sanity so you know
save a little bit cuz I guess what I'm
saying save a little mental capacity
four-fingered
next we're gonna play a game called
fingered it's pretty involved as he size
up the prequel to Freddy got fingered it
is it is absolutely you can do it
I saw Freddy got fingered in the theater
what the fuck is wrong it was the most
amazing experience because did everyone
leave it was no well some people laughs
yeah some people most people who sat
there in dead silence they open and then
there was lots of like uncomfortable
groaning like yeah that was such an
amazing theatrical experience that
sounds exactly right was that just
another one of Tom Green's practical
jokes against the audience is that
pocket the movie itself I think as a
joke I I've never been able to figure
out that movie I'm fascinated by it
um what is it steam Jack what is the
trick here what is that
something's going on that's weird I
weird and I don't like it I don't think
there is a trick then swing the sword
makes you fall off the pipe does that
true yes oh well then there's your trick
what did you just press down no I don't
know
might open us I don't know why why do
you do anything rich
what
oh so it only affects the gravity when
you touch the arrows slice that eyeball
I don't know if Jays gonna be able to
answer that question but Jay yes
hypothetically Marvel has it is inviting
you to direct Jesus a cat one of their
comic book movies okay what comic book
do you choose
I don't know if it'd have to be
something like obscure and weird yeah
cuz like I Howard the Duck but I would
record the duck movie sure let's go with
that
there you go let's go with Howard the
dun dun they just brought back Howard
the Duck I would request a budget of
$25,000 and that's it $25,000 yes not
including your feet
no that's including mine that's funny I
would just get a large percentage of the
kickback the profits of the movie oh
sure you'd get a larger cut of the toy
line yes yeah nice
nice nice i dodging yeah
remember
by the well right by the way Gulliver no
no by the well by the well this helmets
are a really nice touch
that's adorable yeah agree just say an
effort to the cheez-its I think that's
fine rich you don't have to
oh you've gotten pretty far now not to
freak you out or anything yeah sure but
also I'm trying to psyche out a little
bit trying to psyche me out oh this is
you know a couple levels away from the
boss a couple levels we're gonna try to
get to this boss before rich loses his
mind I like that go a ghoul what I like
that I like to bounce off the wall stuff
with the arrows
meat that's fun that's fun level design
Oh God oh fuck gosh shit
which you are fucking ninja you don't
even know well you know I said that was
a very difficult thing to do here I just
need to stop calling you a ninja because
I think last time I called your ninja
you did the same thing
oh I haven't I have not seen Bob's
Burgers yet Messina neither so many
people have recommended it to me and
I've never watched it
I've seen one episode it was funny
did you ever get tired he's a ninja and
he's not real it goes along with his uh
breath-holding ninja spelling or is
every time he dies is he actually a new
ninja
there you go that's why you never gets
tired it's a new consciousness yeah with
the memories
oh my god
ninja ninja rich burped out of existence
for a moment there that's fine that's
fine
J have we talked about ant-man yet you
and I
I'm holding long awaited ant-man
conversation
oh no I even remembers that movie
anymore honestly I was having some
troubles for a moment I didn't too soon
to talk about any oh oh you're playing
the game still what did you think of
ambien I don't I didn't watch your half
in the bag on it's a big old shrug of a
movie it was fun what'd he say yep -
your voice has to go up at the end yeah
hi yeah I wish I do wish there was more
to talk about with him there really
isn't a whole lot no it was fine I
enjoyed it I enjoyed how small-scale
yeah you know like the heist aspects of
it I liked all of the ant-man II stuff
yeah that stuff was creative they were
writing me a funny I Shrunk the Kids yep
I didn't the the one part of about it
that that bothered me a lot was
Evangeline Lilly's thing or lack of or
lack of a thing to do yeah and it like I
get it that that was like the quasi gag
it's like she's clearly more more oh
prepared to be ant-man
yeah it wasn't a very well development I
think most of that movie I was picturing
what it would be like if I go right did
it yes sir that would be more apparent
that that's the joke you know but it
even seemed like what I was waiting for
at the end was for her as a character to
like have a need to get in the suit and
prove her worth to her father
right but that's what it that's what it
seemed like it was building up to she
was you know they have Ant Man in the
ant-man costume at the end of the ad man
well sure he can get back in the Casa
but you know oh they weren't gonna give
her anything to do yeah but he hinted at
given or something to do in a future
okay mate
maybe we'll let the girls play sometime
is basically there was no dumb romantic
subplot like clearly something was
happening between them but we never saw
it like at the end of the movie when
Michael Douglas opens the door and I'm
like kissing or whatever yeah that's
like any sort of romance is completely
off camera yeah yeah that's fine that's
fine it was just frustrating cuz it was
just like as a character I you know Paul
Rudd didn't have an arc he's kind of the
same throughout the whole thing it's
like isn't that the Scott Lang character
in a nutshell what isn't that isn't that
the comic book new current ant-man isn't
that he doesn't have he's just aunt Matt
now because they made ant-man a wife
beater so they have to have a new
ant-man
well they set up earlier in the movie
that like he's not there for his
daughter
well he wasn't there for his daughter
because he was in prison sure but then
his wife his ex-wife is like you gotta
prove yourself right everybody crews
themselves and you come ant-man because
you hear that all you deadbeat dads be
ant-man become an ant-man
well but you know like they alluded at
some sort of like how he doesn't like
follow through his stuff yeah
but it's the whole end climax takes
place in her bedroom
yeah super heroics yes man should be
like like fire ants like army ants like
there should be thousands of ant men and
they just swarm all over the bad guy I'm
tearing apart a little tiny chunks oh I
was talking enough so I guess there were
it's oh no it's just go like little
chunks of the movie were missing and I
don't know if that was necessarily like
an Edgar Wright thing changes oh yeah
also I didn't think it was terribly
funny
no I told Rudd isn't given a whole lot
to do
no very Paul Rudd II which is my OC
Caston exactly
the only very like generic everyman
through most of the movie the oh there's
two good gags in the movie and both of
them are in the trailer the the Thomas
the Tank Engine wide chat reveal oh yeah
that's a very funny joke and the I'm not
gonna steal stuff anymore I'll help you
oh yeah what do you need me to do I need
you to steal stuff that's it those are
the only funny gags in the movie well
ends just like Adam McKay was punching
up the comedy script oh really what the
fuck was he doing
well just cause he wrote stuff doesn't
mean it ended up in the final murder
sure that's true nice
yeah
oh Jesus Christ there has to be a
basketball ranch that was so close
there's almost a one-and-done
Fantastic Four documentary in the dunes
oh no there's not a very no I don't know
I want to see it so bad it would have
perfect timing if they had it out in
time for the new Fantastic Four and I'm
like what's holding them up I don't know
it or not they're still an amine or what
I wonder if there's a if there's any
sort of rights issue I want to see a
documentary about the new Fantastic
discussion I think you got cut out
mm-hmm oh yeah it was it that bad uh
it's it's not that it's bad and said
it's not a finished movie yeah like like
there's interesting stuff in it but you
like every it's so obvious the reshoots
because uh-huh
sue storm for the rishis cut her hair
after the initial shoot so for the
reshoots she's wearing a wig and it's
like samurai cop level like these wig
really so you every time you know when
it's a reshoot like you can just tell
and I'm less than a second half is
reshoot
oh no I want to see it it's I want to
through the way I think I think when we
talk about it sounds more interesting
than actually as the movie itself sort
of dull no I I don't think it's the
worst thing ever like people are
reacting to it okay
I didn't I just think it's not I think
it's kind of a unfit
mess sure there's all like oh yeah the
disaster is shoot like I want to see a
documentary ball yeah sure
but even like what I from what I've
heard from the movie again you know like
famously the director of the movie has
started like speaking ill of who put it
out Fox yeah and he was just like if you
guys could see my comedy the movie
started getting bad reviews he made it
tweet right and then deleted it
immediately but from what I've heard
also just like I don't I don't know if
that would have mattered
like his cut of the movie or whatever at
least his version of the movie would
have been a consistent movie it's not
the appropriate tone or style for a
Fantastic Four movie but at least it
would have been cohesive yeah like a
solid story they can read talking about
Fantastic Four I guess I should say
potentially I have no idea it could have
been a disaster it's all sure sure but
the stuff that was clearly his in the
final movie I thought was the most
interesting stuff it doesn't work as a
Fantastic Four movie but has its own
thing I've ever seen
oh no it's sort of like it was a bad
idea to do Fantastic Four in that derive
take it in that direction
hmm it was a bad idea to second-guess
him after you Greenwood his scripts
please happy to shoot him yeah that is a
bad idea to reshoot half the movie
that's something I will never understand
yeah from a foremost studio perspective
we're like we love this script make this
you know once he starts doing it what do
you do so it sounds like it was just
everybody was in the wrong
yeah everybody involved with that movie
yeah yeah but I would love to see a
documentary about
twenty years we get one right Oh
Robo squid now
shit look
but the first ball bouncing he's a
regular squid and now we're now on the
same squid he's just a cyborg okay
the dialogue definitely seems up why he
is the same Oh
nope not even a little bit the ridge no
oh god what happened
Wow there's no floor there's no flooring
yeah I knew that but I was jumping I hit
jump Oh didn't hit it hard enough got
jump ha ha - boy
Salus worse do you do you yes I do great
just this guy you know wants to know
what's left on my lists of things to
talk about not nothing well there's the
only thing left is about Batman Arkham
Knight which I need to talk about with
rich and he's playing right now so leave
the DLC no not the DLC I mention that a
little bit well I did I downloaded the
new DLC well I have the season pass and
the new our community DLC the worst part
of the Arkham Knight game to catch up
anyone who doesn't know is the driving
sections and there's these awful parts
of the game our Batman has to drive on
in the elaborate race course because
that's what Batman is best known for
right you want him to be like drive on
like upside down racecourse right and so
like the team operate teams up with Dale
Earnhardt jr. - stop stop the NASCAR
bandit oh I'm sure that's been pitched
at one point and so some new DLC was
coming out and it was being made by the
people who made the original game like
we got the Batgirl DLC yeah but that
wasn't made by rocksteady that was made
by a different company right so
Rocksteady is making some DLC everybody
gets excited until oh sure sure and they
still would like to use the same code
and textures ah but just not made by
thank you okay but the rock city's
making this new DLC everyone gets
excited until we find out what it is
which is - new race courses we get Hank
nobody likes we get we get 89 Batman
though we get a new the 89 Batmobile
oh the Tim Burton Batmobile and the Tim
Burton Batman outfit yes but you can
only use the Tim Burton Batmobile in the
race in a special race courses not in
the rest of the game there is something
yeah so fuck you I played it a little
bit today just because like I already
bought the season pass oh you know I get
it and it's just a dumbass racecourse
there's in no way a Batman thing race
car game because it's the third or a
technically fourth Batman game in the
series and they're afraid of the same
thing yeah they needed to escalate it in
some way and somebody at one point made
a tank game and I already had the code
for that in there and they decided to
make it seventy percent of the game yeah
yeah but it's still good game because
good story so good
if that's not the most surprising part
dude it did it did it did it
it's good tips kicking my ass well yeah
as he should
I do just like it that like fuck that
squids momentum he's coming at you full
force spinning all his tentacles and
you're just like no
oh fuck you
bilikiss is you can use 89 Batmobile in
the open world you just have to clear
all the drones first because the 89
Batmobile doesn't turn into a tank does
amaze doesn't matter it's race courses
we don't want race courses we want more
fighting
and they're not giving us more fighting
until next month you can clear all the
drones they don't just keep spawning
yeah yeah eventually you never even
bothered to try I know that oh yeah if
you have to clear all the you know you
have to be the deaths drummer and you
can clear all the drones and get rid of
all the bombs you know all that stuff
and the watchtower is all that
I know you were more interested in the
main story yeah but I I a hundred
percent did all the side missions except
for the stinky
Oh ice lizard rich nose rich now is that
when they're blinking they're
invulnerable squids just too fast for me
we're just having trouble this pattern
yeah you can do it there you go take it
easy
yeah
boom nice nicely done that was Ric Flair
worthy no more delayed Here I am going
all right okay all right okay we're
gonna finger give fingers set up we're
gonna get that Seto first let's think
some subscribers let's think some
subscribers then we'll get your finger
set up all right let's see here
twigs ink perfect dark Critch Todd 2k
great Crichton Crichton 2k ho asshole
limas Berrigan spli miss is there any
questions yes like who the fuck would
call themselves realest taboo hook on a
powerful raindrop and real means real
digital I'm a double digital I'm a devil
no digital did you know digital demo
devil digital DW digital demi devil
let's just see how many we can fuck up
your font it's like it's like one I have
two kids oh my god damn Mike I can't
change the fun I can't change the fun
I'm sorry
Krieger 783 Wilkins the cloud ragged
scribe vodka gimlet gimlet gimlet
there's not as like pronounced like
French or something Oh Jim lay empty H
Killroy mix Punk collecting data baffle
Potamus flushy patch and hunchback jack
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true we do
all right we're gonna take it up small
break and and we'll be back with fingers
this has been mute crimson plus if you
have any questions talk to ice blizzard
games they'll answer a question sure you
sound Lisa T talked about the big
blizzards there's a fuckin mouth

[Part III]
all right finger did plus fingers right
hi everybody how's everybody we're back
so there a lot has changed in the five
minutes that you were gone
after the game came on it quickly became
apparent to me that they made fingered
in the crime solving since Isis or the
crime I I had no idea
yeah no possible they could have been
going for some kind of crass humor you
know I I believe it's a purposeful mm
tone double entendre like Freddy got
fingered Freddy got fingered was their
first just games just a ripoff Tom Green
I've never seen Freddy got fingered he
gets figured for a crime is that no no
how so I think that's what it's going to
be known times room I never assumed that
oh really
yeah cuz I think most people would not
assume that a suit a big studio would
release a film that's talking about
fingering in the title in that in a
sexual way no have you seen anything of
Tom Green's before yeah well sure I had
but I'm just thinking like a general
audience going to see a comedy movie I
don't know okay
I don't know how to play the game I know
you might want to click on start
oh you I the the only reason I know
about this game is because Edmund
McMillen
one of the creators of Super Meat Boy
and binding advise you would like to
finger who I was
yeah maybe maybe just hug it doesn't
have to be fingering not at first
we'll see where it goes up to it isn't
I'm saying natural and James it'd we
know James cuz he made
the commercials for Super Meat Boy and
Binding of Isaac and is a it's a very
strange filmmaker and they made this
game so let's click start let's see what
happens okay basic bomber basic Bob day
one no itself must buy dog collar
positive indefinitely clues mean the
witness is 100% sure positive and
definitely ok ok I'm positive he looked
tall ok what constitutes tall I'm
they're all pretty tall they're all over
six feet okay except for him he's not
release we can release him oh yeah I'm
positive
all right I mean they're still friendly
tall in my book but we'll see we'll see
ok - I'm positive he looked rich all
right so the hobo goes the guy with a
crown Stace yeah he's got a sign this
his help yeah it's no no it's the crown
guy maybe we get more points for doing
it early it's it's the crown guy Jack
it's the crown guy finger him executed
I'm gonna assume it gets harder the more
you finger you should update the words
above the video cuz I want to see what
sort of joke you I did if you click
refresh I have to or did I not update
once it gets harder you're not really
going to be fingering
I updated this dream okay next case
nearsighted man oh no think clues will
only be correct 60% of the time
oh this is tutorial mode okay
I'm positive he looked like he lost his
hair okay okay
something two bald guys yeah well but
what if that's like a wig looks like
hold onto him
this guy has a lot of we can really say
I think you're overthinking on the wig
but okay I could technically technically
they gonna all be good wigs yeah but
like look at look at you know he's got
like the patches looks like I understand
okay Oh despicable dolfe wrinkled will
he has hair so get rid of him right yep
he's losing get him out of here
I don't know I never know I'm positive
he looked he looked he hadn't what he
has money so not the help guy oh no did
we release someone wrong I'm positive he
looked tall I think he did not look like
me what what you know what you look like
what my battery didn't bling-bling
Bilbo has money and Despicable Dolph the
guy's name is bling bling yeah and he
looked rich and he looked at all
so yeah it's probably bling bling let's
finger going bling a war finger in you
why are you smiling
can you poke him we could he was guilty
soon if you get it wrong the newspaper
will say something like innocent man
I assume wrongfully executed or
something bigoted Barney okay well we
know thinking positive would they be no
so he definitely did not look like he
bathes too much so clean so he's clean
I'm positive he looked like a lard ass
so he's a clean fat guy I think he
looked like my paw oh so he he might be
older he definitely did not look ugly
and that's a judgment call I mean but if
he's racist he might think that black
people are ugly
right I don't they all look pretty ugly
yeah they all look kind of ugly well if
he said he looks like my paw he'd be the
pink one the pink one there's only a 60%
chance of that being a thing let's let's
actually start ruling these out from the
first clue let's get the positively in
the definitely he definitely did not
look like he bathed so who looks filthy
let's see here
the god of zero looks pretty clean mmm
I'm calling him clean wait so he if he
did not look like he bathes too much
that means we're looking for a dirty
person
yep yes so here zero get rid of zero
okay nasty nasty Norman nasty it's all
the nasties cam cams yep
stubby and bulky okay
I'm positive he looked like a lard ass
oh that's bulky okay right they all kind
of look fat except for maybe nasty
oh no he look he's really good yeah so
we can get rid of him yes release he's
thin - yeah oh yeah you can see his
waist a little bit okay daddy
I think he looked like my paw so I'm
gonna say he doesn't 60% chance none of
them gave his ball so that's it's kind
of a useless clue right he definitely
did not look ugly I'd say get rid of the
black guys right but he's cuz he's
racist so he would think that black
people look ugly unless were
overthinking it but that's that sounds
right to me so then it's my way out so
they make him racist if they're not
gonna use that gameplay at all I'm right
there Massey comes up in different
circumstances with different characters
something with a randomizer just didn't
matter this time around I don't know
and he definitely did not look ugly I'm
going with three pink three but what do
I know
I'm can't but you know he calls him
definitely fun all right well as far as
ugliness goes hatch it in the head and
green ogre that's not coming out of his
nose retainer yeah it's not good enough
three is the the least ugly one there
yes okay you want a finger on Carl
unkempt UNK I think it's I think it's
you know ramping up the difficulty day
for Negative Nancy she's always so
negative before make sure be sure you
inspect every person in the lineup
before you finger someone yeah he
definitely did not look ugly I hate that
one yeah well except for bandage girl
look at that what's good what everyone
who's like nasty except you have
reference to what they are yeah so
that's so hottie Hugo yeah right did not
look so it could be hottie gentle George
W Steve so nasty Negro National League
but he's nasty maybe he's just I'm is
gross gross gang yeah get out of here
okay
you definitely did not look so wait one
it's definitely not bad so not fat
yeah so if we have a fad to give her a
stubby Steve stubby Steve Levy Steve's
Fanny okay
I think he's the only one obviously okay
let's see he definitely did not look
totally old George kind of looks old
mustache and he definitely did not look
dark I'm going with the zero yeah he
could be old also is he he sub bandage
brandy should be able to go right yeah
did not look ugly so maybe not nasty
Neal did not look fat oh yeah nice thing
that's kind of fat a little fat not
Popeye arms yeah but you know like
compared to this waist this waist is
bigger yeah I think hotties yeah howdy
Hugo
howdy Hugo did it get him in the chair
disgusting
yeah all right I almost the whole game I
think this is the whole game oh my god I
do kind of want to fail one just to see
just to make sure that you can fail
it'll happen oh I'm sure
oh he's usually wrong Tim dan oh it's
bad if you send two innocent people to
the electric chair
good to know that's a really good note
try harder to not kill people think he
looked real up hi
possibly tall yeah I'm positive he
looked to not miss favorite one weight
number as a turn-on
yeah okay so we got to get rid of him
right or her I hate Harlan hobo
get out of here that guy's got shit on
his face all right clean four I'm orange
but clean I think howdy Hank is
apparently hottie but he has a piece of
shit on his on his hair is that supposed
to be like a patchy beard what if one of
the clues is definitely had shit on his
head
funny it's positive you don't happen do
you have to finger somebody it's the
question oh that's a good question
misunderstood Martin and haughty hair
all rights next I'm positive he looked
ugly Oh Bo Hektor here and this one is a
dapper
let's is that steppers like not
necessarily looks that's how you dressed
right that's cleanliness I'm sticking
Deb Deborah's queen okay so but get rid
of hottie here hi here okay get out of
here Harold you definitely did not look
like a no did not look like a no hair so
three is gone
wait what it's a double positive so he
had he had hair oh yeah but isn't this
there that's beard yeah that's it
that doesn't count that doesn't count
how do you know he is there he's a head
on well we don't know but we he looks
bald honey why do you think three is
bald
why do you think he's both he has a head
on other than the other than the beard
that's like skin under the bed weird hat
flap thing isn't it
no I think it's pink like a skin oh that
looks like it's part of the Hat though
let's go back to the other clues I think
he looks real up high these kind of 60%
chance it's five right yeah threes the
shortest side say we can get rid of
three well that's only that's not a sure
think think I'm positive he looked not
messy this is dapper type of what the
negative shit here double negatives
negative I think what Simone
that's the point and we have
misunderstood and Martin
dapper and who's this hobo at the table
well hobo was not he looked not messy I
hope it would be messy so get rid of
hobo maybe he looked he doesn't look
messy but I think the names are a big
part of it too though yeah I think I
think you're right so your acquaintance
homelessness with big mess yeah yeah
you're not regular we don't have access
to her because you see you'll be staying
at a shelter definitely didn't he
definitely did not look like a no he's
got hair demo and we could see her on
his number one yeah yeah number one
looks clean to me was the number one is
a ho is your right but the hobo does
look clean I'm positive he looks and not
messy wait buddy
this is dapper and you said dapper is
cleanliness I'm gonna say yeah not
ugliness was what I'm saying
in fact ugly well threes the ugliest one
this one yeah three is pretty ugly
that's just my personal opinion I don't
know what what our character things
this person has a chip on their head is
that like a piece of bread how it is
then I'm going with five you think it's
you think five did let me see the
clothes I positive the tallest
definitely did not have hair or not not
have here what was that again he
definitely did not
she's definitely got hair who's got hair
hard to tell weren't a hat but he has a
big beard I don't think I met her she
doesn't you don't think that man but he
might have hair may or may not we don't
really know okay I'm positive one
definitely as here yeah the other two
might have hair so that's kind of
useless except unless we're talking
about beard hair those let us hit one
right
hit one is I think he looks really bad
that's kind of you somebody useless but
it does point towards five yeah okay I'm
positive he looked clean clean he looks
fine he looks fine three he's wearing a
box but his name's is a death that's
true
I don't know realize he was wearing a
cardboard box I don't know what to make
of all I don't know either I'm positive
he looked ugly but one one looks the
least ugly to me yeah I'm ruling out one
okay okay he definitely did not look
like a no hair has her as their that one
so for hip four is useless right okay
hint one points kind of maybe towards
five yo so two and three will have four
two and three not messy and ugly
let's take care of not messy yeah so we
have misunderstood Martin dapper dingus
and hobo Hector hobo would imply some
some degree of messiness right yeah
and Tiberius Kirk is right though it did
say that like dim Dan does say incorrect
things but I think that's is that just
this or does that mean like I think
that's just what the thinks yeah
the toriel clearly said that the
definite and positive things were 100%
right
there's otherwise you have no way to
determine what was sure or not and it's
useless good chad is saying one eye I
think I think one I think what is ruled
out my my eye I'm waiting I'm waiting 5
and 1/3 is like you mentioned wearing a
cardboard box so he's he's messy I'm
with you I think it's 5
I think it's chip head or whatever that
is let's finger him all right
a were finger and you buddy they make
you pull the trigger to who was it
it's better him than us right evil Eddie
only half-truths
you can't kill everyone right you're not
trying hard enough I think he did not
look wealthy positive he looked ugly he
definitely did not look like a hippie
and I think he looked manly okay so
let's get rid of tie-dye shirt man he
did not definitely definitely did not
look like a hippie right double check
that definitely did not look like a
hippie okay you're out of here
he's holding up the peace sign they all
look like dirty hippies that's the
problem is like when they say he didn't
look ugly like with this artwork style
yeah it looks ugly yeah the artwork
needs to do a better job of making it
clear of what traits are supposed to be
what traits yeah I'm gonna say real up
for because they're throwing out the
peace sign do you think I don't throw
another flower in the hair that's hit me
yes clear hippie behavior this one to
them yeah their flower in the hair oh
yeah all right let's see here I'm
positive he looked ugly so this is
hottie get rid of get rid of Patti get
rid of hottie chains clifford fem bang I
mean I would say that FEM Fang is pretty
and nasty Nelson is definitely ugly but
I was like look at fenfang he's got a
hair the curly mustache painted nails
it's kind of a pretty dude did not look
like a hippie and so then now these are
our 60% errs I think he did not look
wealthy and I think he looked manly so
oh this is FEM yeah yeah awesome but
well these are the 60% errs sure I think
we're gonna think our best chance of
seven yeah yeah seven is seven is both
manly and not wealthy yeah that's double
60% chance
yeah hey you they were all asking for it
hold on
maybe the ugly thing is only determined
by the names maybe yeah that's her to
tell describe Steve on the opposite oh
dear God
sometimes they have small tattoos or
piercings that may give them away like
this music it's very twin Pete see it's
true so we are we taking that at his
word but he's definitely young I think
that's why they would give you that
yeah look and look all of his things are
positive so so I'm positive he looked so
old now so what that means he did not
let go
so who's old that guy's both those last
two are old
okay get out of here the same character
design actually right does differ color
I think I think all the characters are
procedurally generated all right get out
of here all these let's see if anyone
else is like an old name
grizzled necessarily old stubby q-ball
troubled with Terry and forgetful Freddy
Katan so that's all right that was like
the same all right so that so we're
looking for a dumb person
cueball stubby grizzled moneybags that
doesn't help
well you know somewhere the bottom
someone's there pot on that I'm positive
that he looked cute so that means he
didn't like it he did not like you none
of anybody is cute that's yeah that's
they need to rework the art for this mr.
work I'm positive he looked hairy so
bald guy what about the bald guy okay so
we get rid of we get rid of grizzled
gates right yes he's got hair we get rid
of stubby Sven cuz he's got here yeah we
get rid of it thank you I think beard
counts his hair by the way
I think you're turning nut because
they're not saying they're not saying
has hair on their head looked hairy how
how wrong is Jack about the hair thing
yeah like Anna on a scale of one to a
hundred
yeah how wrong what's wrong it's Jack
about the hair what's wrong is a hundred
runners what is one wrong uh a hundred
is wrong okay it's just the most wrong
so and I skills zero being not wrong at
all in a hundred being the most wrong
ever how wrong am I about Harry in this
meeting also beard ninety ninety sixty
there's some zeros in there five hundred
999 1 million they're zeros a 77010 a
nick negative 100 yeah I think yeah ok
so it's one of its one of the cue balls
cuz the positive look Harry
looks cute so that means we're looking
for an ugly person both ugly this person
might be more ugly positive he looks
smart so we're looking for someone else
glasses means smart usually oh that's
true his face looks dope
I'm gonna I'm gonna play the game and
I'm going with with with moneybags I'm
positive he looked at all so that
doesn't help us
I'm going with money back money back
that's me yeah what do you what do you
think just the smart thing the only hint
I could see of intelligence is the
glasses he's making like a dumb face
though like a derp face smiling it's
smiling what are these things what like
what it mutton-chop my ex has even less
hair moneybags does have less hair look
smart looked old so young looks older
too no we want young dumb ugly bald
I think it's moneybags yeah
let's finger moneybags I'm thinking
about one finger at you buddy
I don't
Oh
oh my god I read that too late the guy
on the right has a book oh really
oh wait oh wait is that the real person
on the right oh oh that's right there
was the guy with the pot on his head but
he has hair crazed killer oops
okay find your mug shot
oh you're yourself type in your name
it's the game gonna generate a character
that looks like you that's something you
say all the time
yeah age 10 charged is laying on a
donkey well thanks for that Jack thanks
for that I really really appreciate it
okay so now that you can type in my name
jarring Jack also aged 10 charged with
pissing off that ass yeah they the game
knows me that looks like a like a crown
of thorns like I have a Jesus crown of
thorns and a badass tattoo well so now
we got a DJ scared and some Jay watch
jagged J yeah yeah no I was charged with
worshipping goats I'm aged 24 though
yeah you guys and yeah yeah you look
genuinely pleased with yourself
Mike hi
as basic as they come
oh so you always start I think because
we killed two innocent guys we lost
million I think so I click start and
then we'll see if we get the same guys
I'm pretty sure it's gonna be ready
I hope it's random yeah these look
different now I am positive he looked
old so cool Coco has a beanie so that
means he's young yeah yeah ba means
young we're making a big assumption
there let's see we'll see I'm making a
baby so we gotta come up with something
considering that the visuals yeah needs
to be completely reworked yeah I'm
positive he looked pale so they've gone
it's three yeah well let's just
double-check that you looked ugly hello
it's everybody you know sure okay finger
nasty there
guilty man excuse great new your side a
nanny I think he didn't know who cares
about that looked really strange
everybody so far that is absolutely all
right they're all strange they're all
strange
you look meat not on look neat get rid
of all the ones with poop on their head
let's go with the names hobo Harry get
rid of hobo Harry Harry poop on that
hobo poop on ahead poop on ahead
accident
yeah that could I use another poop on
that we know that one for sure guy I'm
positive he looked like he lost his hair
Terry seem to have here I think we can
get rid of for yeah yeah three to tell
make your art clearer I know you
probably whip this game together mr.
McMillan fuck an did ya down and it all
ended McMillan in it I think I at the
cleaver in his head looks taller I'm
positive he looks really strange gotta
the cleaver is has prestress and he's
got a yeah let's do that one
misunderstood in the chair
yeah big hit party this guy he's right
it's not like that I'm positive he
looked the bald so we can get rid of all
the hair dude so this guy is a hairy
dude right maybe okay this guy's a hairy
guys definitely get out here this guy's
definitely hairy get out of here this
guy's definitely hairy dudes balls is
that bald
no it's there's some baldness cool I
think yeah keep Pete I think there's
enough baldness going on all right
he definitely did not look like a white
person that kind of narrows down he's a
racist she's a racist I think that's an
unreliable clue oh I think the racism
might be coming into play there let's
see what else we got oh I think he looks
like a giant that 60% he definitely did
not look like a twig Simmons
Tabu Tim Oh for tubby Tim get him in the
chair
you know coming from a racist I feel bad
about this so he has like a dunce cap on
yes it makes me think of like the Green
Mile I've never seen oh I know I know
I've never seen it
Shawshank Redemption might be the best
movie ever made I know it's supposed to
be great I'm sure it is I'm just never
watching I'm gonna like Frank there but
Green Green miles the little schmaltz
bud
Shawshank I know I know Jay Davis that's
one of those ones where it's like
eventually I'll get around to watching
them and you will you will love it I'm
sure the chat is gasping I know I'm
sorry they're typing Jay yes Jay you
monster ha ha ha ha
Jay you got to either get busy living or
get busy dying Jay you are in perfect
what because I haven't that doesn't make
any sense how much is this game under I
want to say it's a buck 80 this game is
$1.00 just about right for what yes this
game is a dollar eighty under $2 on
Steam all right definitely did not look
like he was bowling so hairy guy bald
bald bald arrow - 2 or 1
nomads we're getting to run everybody
that guys bought balled great all right
he definitely did not look start we
already have our suspect she was a very
good witness gusting done dim Dan is
usually wrong about something
Darryl so I do wonder if definitely one
of them yep one of the positives is not
correct yeah that's what dim Dan means
cuz I think the last dimmed and when we
and I think we killed an innocent man -
yeah so we can't just release people
this time out there all the clues first
take a look at everybody
baby face not ugly yeah we have a lot of
people who are not ugly let's see here
I'm positive he looked dark or something
you know what I think the or something
might be a clue yeah I'm going with me
or something being yeah that's the only
way that you could possibly guess yeah
okay so I'm positive he looked clean so
if we find a messy predator Allah
so there's turd on the head we gotta get
rid of him we can like this guy right
nasty man yes very nice Enoch
and so that gets rid of all the dirty
guys and then this one is I'm positive
he looked ugly so like this person has
like rosy chatty and kissy lips probably
this one too snobby - yeah he looks all
pretty icy like this one - has like
kissy lips and baby face just get rid of
baby fish okay so now we're up to dark
or something and I think he did not look
like he got some money I'm a finger
nails that could be a pretty thing
hello I'm with one even the tennis
understood Matthias yes great get him in
the chair but he's ugly hmm I don't know
if I could get this game yeah it needs
to be clue with the visual of the the
suspects yet everybody's ugly all the
time yes everybody's art yeah
alright everyone looks disheveled yeah
everyone looks ugly everyone looks dirty
baldness is apparently debatable right
and this were like convention of this
relate guess who the same pictures that
use make children how many children be
crying alright well do we want to give
it one more go or a fucking move on to
the next game oh we lost everything
because not yeah it's fucking next time
alright yeah
we get it okay good no next game this
game needs work

[Part IV]
sure we're gonna play we're gonna play
ink let me give me a second let me
update this dream and then Jane he's
gonna play ink see how this goes Oh what
what hola
and customers
pink that's nice there's only three
letters not helping
and update and this is a controller game
this is a game that I've been looking
forward to a lot this this is a simple
platformer and the premises you kind of
have to splatter ink around the level in
order to find the level oh I hope it's
controller supported oh yeah oh this is
the game I thought there's like a
loading screen or so what Oh
it's cute Oh double jump area
jump off the water you get higher yeah
there you go
attaboy Adam you're doing it get to it
Jay
yep double jump from that high area
there we're at now yeah
oh there's the thing about I was kind of
deep just kind of neat exactly it's some
twigs ink says it's like super meatboy
but made of paint yes that's exactly
what this whole actually can get up
there yeah oh there wait okay oh my god
boop boop boop ah holy Thank You captain
if it is this is ink yeah now without
India
I don't know what that means damn it
you're right Lawson technical visit the
controller this does have Shawshank
Redemption music yes now I gotta watch
Shawshank Redemption
you really yeah I mean I know I should
have seen it by now anyway I just this
is this is the only this is the only
game besides you know ducktail MJ has
played in 25 years it's true well and
and that was an outcast oh yeah that's
right you played outlast for a little
bit which one was outlast the whore one
dozen asylum oh yeah I like that one and
co-op Wow co-op doesn't count you've had
a slew of very strange names do we want
to just go straight to the out of the
asylum game how do you get up there jump
off the wall I'm trying to do that it's
too narrow yeah like you can jump out
but then you can double jump jump back
you can come back in yes fly out jump
out and then press back in that's what
I'm doing and it just makes you fall
over it just pushes you back out it
won't let you go back yes yes trying to
get what we need to go good
see don't you ever shoot it though you
gotta learn to compensate get those
Heisenberg compensators up running what
no I think I'm already sick of this
you're a crazy person
well stupid yeah oh you're a crazy
person
j-just because you don't get the art do
we have Mario I can play the shit out of
Mario can J play pokemons there we go
god damn it
I'm scared there's gonna be yep no
ground I think that's part of the give
of the game is like just figuring out
where to go you know OOP but too far
yeah
it's cute gobbledygook says Jack I'm
guessing this game is trendy trendy it
just came out I remember reading about
it a long time ago just because I enjoy
platformers ah it's probably trendy it's
a new game does that make it trendy I
can't like frustrate I can't see this
holding my attention for long yeah I
think my problem is like I get what
you're supposed to do I think the
controls are sort of frustrating well
it's it's a more modern platformer and I
think you're necessarily used to old
platformers with highest responsive
controls yeah I think that's probably
this is like I always hated and like old
Mario games and stuff and actually maybe
it wasn't Mario but I hated all games
where there was like the ice world where
you would slide yeah you know that's
what this reminds me of like I always
thought that was the most frustrating
thing
I don't J probably wouldn't like playing
blood-borne I think J would just like to
watch blood-borne
yeah I don't have the PlayStation 4
here's my guess we're stuck the what's
on Jack's computer so no rocket League
no baby doesn't wanna play anymore yeah
I don't have the patience to learn new
controls I can the feel J's unhappiness
it's more it's not unhappiness so much
as frustration yeah yeah where it's like
I know what I'm supposed to be doing but
crying on the outside all right take
over chat with rich about stuff and
nonsense why haven't you seen the
Shawshank Redemption I don't know and
there's no I don't have any good reason
it's one of those things or it's always
been like I know I need to watch this
and I'll get around to it eventually but
I got to watch those Friday the 13th
sequels for the 27th honestly no I I do
need to watch it it's one of those it's
always like in the back like Oh someone
will remind me I need to watch it and I
say no I do and then I kind of forget
about it until the next time someone
brings it up
you know watching these controls are a
big shit okay see this is this is right
this is not necessarily J alright now I
feel I feel better no I mean not
necessarily no I mean I'm sure that it
doesn't help that I know it has a very
strange momentum about it yeah but that
was my first level too so give me a give
me a second all right give me a second
someone to do those kill you is your
brother doing
I can only assume it kills me yeah like
when you move like when you jump you go
from you go from zero to a hundred yeah
like you feels like you don't have much
control isn't that just like Super Meat
Boy I don't don't know Super Meat Boy
hasn't has a wonderful momentum like
Super Meat Boy feels very natural this
like it feels like you're moving way
faster than you should like there's
almost like no gravity
you know like gravity should slow you
going left and right as well because it
pulls you down and it feels like it
doesn't slow you down
these things seem like they'd defeat the
purpose of painting the level yeah and
they're not very dangerous right we're
still getting introduced Oh
Oh
oh you have to kill them all
something is off about these controls
Jay I'm so sorry for I'm sorry I'm glad
that it's not just me being bad at the
game I mean I know it wasn't good I feel
bad now for for doubting your gaming
abilities but no this thing does not
move like you think it would is the real
thing
and it's very frustrating
are you thank you you're so cute you're
uh sometimes programmers don't know how
to draw characters is just a square
whatever you know I know how to make
things jump I don't necessarily know how
to draw a thing
so you just an abstract thing yeah arts
I like I mean I love the concept like
just doing that to splash on the level
is so deep it's old at this point but we
should probably play a game called ish
ish it's pretty like a little thing up
physics platformer with a little cello
blog
ish
can I say dish it's an old enough indie
game that I'm not sure if you find it on
Steam
yeah you know you guys chat about one of
those I heard about when PopCap first
started up oh my god
back before pop cannabis and evil yep
yep
they make games smaller games according
to Jack why are they evil jack pop isn't
PopCap like the I'm just familiar with
the old pop cabbage so pop captain makes
now they make like microtransaction Eli
do you think that's bad that's what uh
that's what I like like cookie clicker
type game something I am good I don't
want to smoke this much
I remember bookworm I remember Peggle
remember the original plants vs. zombies
oh yeah that's pop gun
at heart same I remember Zombies Ate My
Neighbors that's quality game was that
for a Nintendo or Super Nintendo Super
okay and Genesis check by editors
everything well aren't you special I
never had a Genesis systems doesn't it
feel like you should be able yeah you
earn nothing absolutely yeah I got that
thing I got that thing I wanted
are you gonna use the defaults I feel
like okay I feel like I don't like this
game because of the controls the
controls are a big part of it like there
the idea is cool like it Sidney concept
and it looks good and I mean this is a
game that I should minimal and arty yeah
I don't I'm weighing in myself and using
me yeah and that's it's a lot of men
just mostly because the controls are
Zuma
the Frog game this is the thing with a
be shit models yeah
do i you see the marbles from the frog
yeah
it's my favorite flavor of pop-tart
that's a great question gobbledygook the
only answer to that question is s'mores
I wouldn't stop terribly yeah it's the
best fucking popular flavor we need some
kind of rocket ice to read that chapter
or normalize anything so small you know
you work lessons you've got like
built-in magnifiers well I could I was I
was unsure like the TV is also coming
out of the computer and so like we could
plug it into that but I was sure I was
on sharafan like would draw too much
power I guess I figured that rich
country rock creations I have not played
the new King's Quest game and I got to
be honest I don't have much interest in
it because it looks nothing like the old
style of Sierra games it looks like in
modern telltale game which is probably a
lot of quick time events and very little
actual puzzle solving so met
you can you can put a name of something
I like on a new product but it doesn't
mean it's gonna be like that thing I
like so
I vote people to check can't see Jack
get visibly frustrated basically all I'm
trying to do now is get my money's worth
out of the game because I'm not I want
to say it's like four or five bucks it
was not terribly bad he could have
gotten a taco
I could I could have gotten at least two
depending on my taco establish well if
you well if you want to go to Taco Bell
sure yeah
I give tacos for like fifty cents a taco
bell's just like cheap garbage they
cheap stuff cheap garbage at Taco Bell
don't be ugly a whole menu of stuff
that's like 70 cents under $1 J they're
the only restaurant that survived the
fast food Wars the greatest movie
advertising ever you know what I'm gonna
say
demolition man highly underrated movie
agree the execution might be so-so but
the premise top-notch what I always say
is that people that love demolition man
love the first half person
ah yes the teracle then the second half
is just generic action movie the satire
part that was so good to sense herself
so good yeah the first half was great I
get forward about the second half cuz
that just turns into the boring actually
tell the suspect calm down please please
put put down your weapon
Wesley's night show something they just
don't know how to handle them say it
again in an authoritative tone
add the words please put your weapon
down add the words or else I love all of
that movie even the bad action he kind
of he gets frozen and then he kind of
kicks his head off slash slash shatters
yeah
it's it's so much effort to compensate
for the shitty control or maybe that's
the game me anime it's like Octodad
it's not you to control it what it is is
I don't think it's shitty controls I
think it's I'm gonna be mean here good
I'm gonna be mean I think it's lazy
program I think that the well and what
dollar value is lazy program acceptable
exactly cuz I would say the the
Macmillan in in game we just played
fingered lazy programming not lazy
program that's lazier well that's broken
but that's part of a lazy something lazy
they see something that's an important
part of the game yes I agree
hey do you give them a pass enough this
game no no no I thought that game was
equally as frustrating because we we
couldn't play the game because of the
bad part of the game right for any for
any money amount it's unacceptable
obviously they their game was half as
expensive as this one so sometimes you
just have to stop just to stop it moving
reset
if you charge for something there is an
expected
so no they don't get pass either let me
just see yeah I'm gonna flow for this
give it to the rich is now giving this a
try
thanking Louisville or so get acclimated
do you do do you do die so part of this
game I'm sorry listen we had a grand
plan for tonight and this was part of it
so the last thing to check off my things
to talk about list I'll start talking
about it now it has to do with the game
Batman Arkham Asylum and rich and I so
slight spoiler alert for the ending of
Batman's Arkham Asylum obviously oh oh
you mentioned this once yeah obviously
it's been a while since the game is been
out so I think like we're kind of past
spoilery territories but for the next 10
minutes or so if you want to mute we're
talking we're talking about Batman the
ending specifically specifically the
100% ending not just the normal boiler
now in the end of the game back Bruce
what the world finds out that Bruce
Wayne is Batman and he blows himself
early someone blows him someone blows up
Wayne Manor
it's alluded to that Bruce Wayne
strongly fairly strongly blew up himself
as operation nightfall as part of up
because he tells Afrit alfred yeah begin
operation nightfall and then it goes to
his house and it blows up but then cut
to maybe like a year later right and the
the voice-over narrator says Batman's
gone and people have moving on and some
thugs are robbing another rich couple in
an alley and suddenly they look up on a
rooftop and they see a Batman figure and
they go yeah you know scare us know more
we know that bats dead and then the
Batman figure on the roof turns into a
smoke monster and attacks them and
there's like fire and explosions and
Batman blows up turns into a giant bat
the building is standing on also kind of
have renamed say blows up and some kind
of explosion fiery spread out missing
whole thing
Belov right this right it's it's a it's
a it's a bullshit ending and rich and I
had some theories on the ending about
what we wanted to happen and what
actually did happen but someone tweeted
at me a reasonable idea of what that
ending means because the in the entire
game the Scarecrow releases fear toxin
over all of Gotham but the only people
left in Gotham are criminals and so what
their theory is is that Batman is really
not around this is residual fear toxin
the fear of the Batman is still around
and that's what so there was nothing up
there there's no bad simple there's no
nothing it's just the Scarecrow's fear
toxin really interesting it's bullshit
though it's a hundred percent bullshit
that means that means the Scarecrow is
responsible for solving Gotham's crime
problem that that explanation is 175
percent unsatisfying yes it means Batman
and the likelihood of that being the
intended thing that's going on is like
zero zero percent that's what's going I
think that's already enough where I
believe I can see Batman using the fear
gas for his own reasons but I cannot see
that being you could see been in the
Scarecrow's warfare yes I can the Batman
mentions he's gonna need to do some
something extreme
yeah and that is obviously the extreme
thing he decides to do
my spoiler warning was for the wrong
game didn't I say argument in medicine
city or something
fucking we're pat we're past spoilers
for the game that the games been out for
how long that months what's what's
normal spoiler the tears I'm gonna say
you're wrong about the clothes it's fine
really
yeah I think Jack I think J I think
you're just not used to playing
platformers okay uh Jack I'm gonna say
you're too used to meet boy this is fun
it's not just me boy this is fine this
easier to me the meat boy what yeah
you're great no this is fine this is
100% fine I think I think you're going
full force with the controller and
you're not being subtle enough yeah no
this is fine
look at this I'm having no problems well
I see it's extreme ever see that video
on YouTube every 90s commercial ever
made oh god all easy there are spikes in
this game
ah there's invisible spikes go out and
watch every 90s commercial ever made
right now
famous youtubers speaking of famous
youtubers its smosh smosh smosh it's
brandon wall Brandon Brandon W not
Brandon Oh Freddie Freddie Wong thank
that's a brilliant name but I have no
idea
Brandon is the other guy Thank You first
Freddie Wong Brandon was the other guy
Freddie Wong what'd he do yeah I feel
like all these mistakes are me I don't
feel like the controls are fun at all
yeah yeah it's just it's it didn't feel
it didn't feel natural to me like all
the his his his his movement did not
feel this is this is worth the 5 bucks
yeah yeah so says ahthe rich this is
worth 50 the findeth coin
but I'll get achievement
Rich's nalin
so I guess Jay and I are wrong and you
know Jay camp you're wrong I have an
excuse that I never write J can't be
blamed so it's me I guess this did not
feel move it to me it's all like it's
all I can say but yeah I make mistakes
but I feel like those just me I mean
obviously you feel how you feel so so
that's fine I'm trying I'm trying to
explain it I think more so than are you
being weird I think it used to be boy I
think you're used to me boy
and it might not control exactly like
meat boy does the velocity and whatnot
yeah well I don't I don't think it has a
velocity I think it has an honor and off
is the problem whereas you know I'm not
having a problem well I see I see then
yeah I love the premise I love the I
love the painting mess I'll be forever
down with the painting is
what does this heart tell us about the
human condition that's a good question
first we like colors we just love colors
you know it's a metaphor and basically
what the game is telling us that
sometimes in order to find the right
path you got you gotta get a little
messy
you can't be afraid to put in the work
and even failure you can't be afraid to
spill pain everywhere you can't be
afraid to spill can go and into your
garage or your parents garage
they'll find as much pain as you can and
start tossing that shit off especially
not your garage go to not your garage
and just talk to a neighbor's garage let
their garage door is up does it take all
their paint and start spilling it
everywhere else but see like even when
you fail in this game you squirt paint
everywhere right and that shows you the
path and so Sam I even failures
sometimes is important this is this is
rich before struggle of the artist
what is horse malarkey you should be the
expert on a horse malarkey you're right
you're absolutely right
also it says you should crush those that
get into it and that the only the only
way to succeed is by crushing those
around the lamentation of the seer
enemy's driven before you yeah we were
just we just did this the other day
someone in the channel what is best in
my life press your enemies I'm driven
before you and these are the best things
in life
see this is why if it's a Shawshank
reduction because now I'm thinking about
the fact that I need to remark over the
barbary absolutely that takes press if
you see Shawshank Redemption you'll be
thinking about how much you need to wash
its charge I mean I can see one of those
movies every time I see it's on when I
used to have cable on TV yeah every time
the Shawshank was an are just stopped
instantly and watch the rest movie no
matter how many times I've seen it okay
but here's the thing
I'm cable Shawshank is on and Conan is a
Shawshank Shawshank I don't know some
days are just gonna days he's fine this
is fine
what no we're under that all right
have any of you fuckers who haven't seen
Casablanca have no life
now when it originally came out I didn't
see it that's fine it's not what I feel
any strong desire hey those classics you
know you watch ones right ahead
that's what people like this one there's
something like iced tea I know we've
talked about Citizen Kane before I
genuinely love Citizen Kane right
I can rewatch that oh I respect its
place in film history it's fine but that
was neat No
the lamentation of the boxes scratching
the enemies that the morale the game is
even when the people around you don't
seem to be hurting you in any way you
must crush them in order to achieve your
goals but by the way that was the best
splat of them all that orange yeah
that's horrible
yeah
you read your girls beauty everything
you can oh no
everybody damn it bloom vine is like I'm
having six it's like I'm copies like I'm
having everywhere you can drive beyond
me
also everyone here who hasn't seen
pumping iron should go to sleep
is it still is that's the most bizarre
fucking movie in the world that came up
in the chat last night because pumping
iron we're watching Star Trek fan
episodes okay and Lou Ferrigno was in
one oh yeah and somebody in the chat was
much thing you know and pumping iron
that Arnold's kind of screwed over Lou
Frey go I haven't seen pumping iron so I
don't know how we screwed them over but
just kind of weird that that comes
and today when you weren't involved in
that conversation last night well you
know you talked to her I think pumping
iron has to be part of it everyone knows
everyone knows Arnold the movie star but
you know Arnold and everyone knows that
he was a bodybuilder but like watching
watching that documentary man he's a
weird dude
him being a movie star is one of the
most bizarre history yeah you can only
happen like you cannot have a guy like
that become a big movie star today I
don't know no can speak of the English
very well with the American cop said and
my head is giant my arms of German with
with no acting ability whatsoever pure
charisma and an accent and the fucking
weirdest name in the world yeah
beautiful his career is beautiful
assuming is gonna be like a
direct-to-video though what it's
actually a real thing but exist
screenshot right now I don't necessarily
believe you know it's true I would
Yvonne flat-out say I like this yeah
yeah wait kindergarten copper that idea
I don't have a tumor okay that's fine
the controls warming it for me I I loved
the world I love the art so much I don't
know maybe if I played around with the
controls more I could get it but it's
less floaties than super meat boy meat
boy felt
it sounds like it's coming me to go back
to Arnold I mean every mics maybe you're
right maybe I came in expecting me boy
and it's not that but I know I keep
bringing it up I just you know I want to
give this game a first shake because I
am I'm enjoying this I don't have
problems I don't to make it sound like
yo your opinion isn't valid of course I
want the other side to be heard oh no
and yeah I guess I'm doing my best to
elaborate yeah feel yes and I think
that's fine it's perfectly okay that we
have different opinions like right of
course no matter what as always we'll
get lumped into the same opinion so
either
so what do you think we got lumped into
do we know we're gonna get lumped in
today
you think yeah even though you're saying
you we never get lumped into like yeah
that's true
people gravitate towards me yeah yeah
but if you're talking about something
that you really like if you mentioned
one thing about it that you didn't like
dare W yeah that's the way it works
Star Wars cool should we start wars
quote here
where do you go now I know I gotta get
on the inside of this I gotta get on top
of a desk all the Oh God then actually
that's one of my favorite parts is like
every death shows you the path you know
visually
I'm in love with this game
Spray agency and get this religious
I can't stop doing don't stop just don't
sit down this be Arnold the Arnold for
us tonight we have a guest tonight
Arnold Schwarzenegger is here yeah that
would be good this is a great voice
everything he says it's the most
ridiculous thing
of course it is I mean the reason he's
famous cuz he's a cartoon character yeah
it's just the truth yeah that's true
give the game to rich well I can I
bought the game yeah I can now now that
I've bought it I can't give it to rich
but it's it's fucking $5 and I'm gonna
go out on a limb and say that rich can
afford $5 a lot of the money that comes
out of prereq anyway so I'm not no I'm
not worried about he's also he might
have the log in to my Steam story what
captain to pick we have a real guest of
the dog the developer of ink is in the
chat or the developer of mute crimson
plus while we played earlier what is
happening
what is happening and say it takes me a
while to catch up with the Janssen I
don't believe we'd have to developers in
your for two games in one night you
never know wait wait huh you think you
think that's stranger than him becoming
the Governor of California
okay that's strange uh you know that
makes sense
dink devs showed up to what he's I'm
suspicious
he's been here for the better part of 10
minutes I'm suspicious she's always been
here who are you
says he's one of the doves I think a
little inny oh you should be ashamed of
what you done now we're talking about
the game I'm not ashamed thanks for
showing up so why cubes that's the
question why cubes
shrim President Trump was not a
president Trump is not gonna happen it
even if he somehow wins the the vote
yeah the Electoral College is just gonna
say no no no like if if it looks like
he's even close to winning anything
every everyone's gonna be like okay
jokes over now yeah we're gonna stop
covering him because like it was all
funny it was all funny while he was
saying you know dumb racist stuff like
how we all got a laugh out of it but
suppose someone over at Fox News is like
saying oh my god look at the monster
we've created
our cartoony worldview has spawned this
our mockery of real politics right-turn
life itself into a character ooh
what's the they said the game was a
submission to Ludum dare 32 what's Ludum
dare is that like is that like one of
those game jams like a Space Jam but
it's like a Space Jam Wow
but instead of getting into the slam jam
up in this time jamming it's actually
more like a 48 hour film festival where
you have a certain amount of time to
make a game yeah so I can only assume
that's like that a lot of games have
come out of game games space jams things
to dodge now oh my god this is getting
intense
oh my god oh my god oh my god jesus H
Christ rich I think it's getting real
enough oh that's right they get the
space jams your game jams Andrew Jimmy
jams all sorts of jams
oh thanks husband
so is there any way to confirm we have
the actual developer you know I twice in
one night we're too weird
do we know your last questions what do
you got ask some questions let's ask
some questions okay Oh a parent so yeah
Ludum dare is a 48-hour game development
competition so much like 40 adventure
composer where you have to make a game
in that amount of time and then they
according to the quote unquote dev they
spent three months for a full release we
got this I think that's great I think
that's fun what would the other that
other game I was playing bad Titan souls
that also came out of a out of a game
jam where they had like and you know
much like the 48 hour film festival that
you have rules that you have to adhere
to make your James make your game around
a theme his need
no more political talk yeah hi I can't
imagine where second is you little talk
to me Clinton Donald Trump but Jane
that's a little fun making fun of Trump
and making fun of Fox News that's that's
not making fun of somebody with actual
conservative views because I think
everybody knows that both of those
things are just characters caricature
caricature
oh thank you grammar nazi' okay Erica
Jay that's a hard word to say caricature
caricatures Lee it's one of those words
were you if you say it more it sounds
like not a real word
no I'll see ya iced lizard game is still
here I know I know I've been I've been
emailing you so I know we know that's
really you
we just we assume assume we're being
played and the safe assumption is that
you've been played always like that like
when we had the straight guy on we never
confirmed that it was him right and we
talked to him for like three hours so we
could start we just start talking for
this guy we hadn't even know his name in
the chat so I apologize to the person
who was supposedly a dev of this but
yeah like like 20 minutes now you're
gonna say so and then you to leave
it's always a possibility right it is
and when we when we were talking you
know we were skyping in with the guy who
made the strafe game and like I said we
talked to him for like three hours and
never went right never once did it occur
to us never wants to hit occur to us
that it could not have been him along
and I think that's funny we I'm a
trusting person I'm gonna go ahead and
say it I'm a trusting person
the oh by the way uh Alejandro he he
just tweeted at us and looking at his
Twitter that's really him okay that
verify just just Bing rather than look
like an idiot I'd rather look like I'm
sure easily with those who've okay yeah
yeah I can only imagine that you would
be discovered rather quickly I get your
I mean I'm not I'm not saying that
you're wrong in fact you're very right
there are people out there who have
posed as doctors for years this has
happened yeah no I agree I'm with you
you were being a friend back really
podiatrist there was what I think we did
like surgeries I think he was counting
on like people around him did it most of
the actual work yeah yeah find out that
the guy operating he isn't a doctor
worst nightmare know if you go off the
edge it counts as a job oh so I'm
waiting too long you're yeah you're not
jumping fast being too worried about the
job you can make that double jump you
just have to jump a little so so once
again the Falls is mine okay absolutely
I mean the fault is always yours I guess
what I'm saying
everything about this game looks
fantastic I love the fact that triangles
are pissed off at squares right they're
jealous that extra side vodka and right
the other enemies you crushed were
rectangles the poor man square everyone
knows that you know you know the bosses
yeah the boss is gonna have to be
servile if there's not an angry circle
at one point I'd see it again you did it
again
it wouldn't be hard to pretend to be a
dad especially for an indie game you're
right oh yeah what I'm saying is rich
and Jay are absolutely correct and we
should be concerned about being Oh
actually speaking of this is something I
wanted to make sure I mentioned is
speaking of being legitimate rich and I
have gotten many legitimacy questions
because we I set up a previously
recorded gmail email address just
because I needed to get stuff done
quickly like startup Twitter and whatnot
and I didn't have a red letter media
email but we finally took care of that
and so now I just don't remember it
exists it did exist but either I didn't
know about it or I forgot which is more
likely let's be honest that's more
likely so anyway we now have in use an
official prereq at red letter media calm
so I will be transitioning all of our
email correspondences
to that email look at that look at MLG
pro MLG Pro I'm think we're gonna call
up redbull and they're gonna sponsor you
I want to call me the redbull rich the
redbull Evans I don't think they would
want to take away from their brand my
bad I just can't imagine there's much in
the world of competitive Inc play right
now at least not outside of like an S&M;
Club I'm reaching I'm reaching these are
the jokes these are the jokes everybody
then that they ain't much but that's
what we got I just took a moment I was
just really trying to wrap your brain
around what that could be any sort of
Inc and SNA just sounds like something
that's supposed to be sure I guess I
don't know what it would actually
involve but it sounds like something
that wants to be kinky sure yeah you
know we got we got all the kinks here we
got a in play
it ain't play SNM Inc play horseplay got
squishing you know you're blushing
I guess it's a real thing splashing
sloshing this one you you you or your
partner
into each other's like privates that's a
real thing there's a magazine devoted to
it it's the most disgusting that's the
most officious go that just makes me
want to barf but that's also my fetish
everything's a fetish splashing is
particularly close to me oh that is the
grossest
just a bowl full of spaghetti right your
crotch
right this very welcome boy a few bit
crazy bitch okay I get it I get it the
bivi I am the spectrum when and when
when you die it's a ROYGBIV right up top
no Jack Jack let me down the jack
high-five himself rich determined that I
had nothing to do with that hi Scotty
the sweetest high-five ever for that
awesome joke right cheap he was like man
good joke
you didn't hear cuz he turned away from
his microphone but he said good job and
then he gave me a high five I hate so
much about the things used to be
yeah food and sex should should not go
together those are separate things feel
sorry for the Debbie comes here to
listen to somebody talk about us games
and we're talking about S&M; Club is a
mid-range e-business
blog sheen this is uh if this is
anyone's first previously recorded live
stream this is what happens we talk
about the game for a little bit and then
discuss whatever we feel like for the
rest of the time and you're welcome we
had a talk show would be called doing
well we would get the promotion out of
the way oh yeah what movie you promote
yeah what are you doing oh great
what do you want to boast it about yeah
yeah those new cheeto who's that those
beer Cheetos what a disgusted I have
just made some up that wasn't as bad as
dewitos what Mountain Dew flavored
Doritos no no wait it was Dorito
flavored Mountain Dew
what somehow that's grosser yeah that's
where this was a test flavor there's
there's pictures of it on the Internet
Doritos flavor dewitos yeah I think so
look it up
you're looking up it sounds like the
most disgusting thing ever you're
looking up splooshing aren't you it's
washing stop
yeah you didn't trust me
you're right do Eidos sounds worse than
squashing would you Oh would you rather
with dewitos
I'd rather drink a do mean oh yeah I
mean you're right but that's not a world
but he splashed with dewitos
oh yeah not even even bark how about you
oh we got your name are alejandro if you
are still in Chadha who did the music
for this d like yeah once we started
talking about you know the final straw
and did them if you're still here if
you're if you're listening to us in the
background while doing more important
work tell me who did the music for this
cuz i bought this i did buy this with
the soundtrack because i enjoy the
soundtrack a lot no he's still here
I see you I see you in Gen plugin dig
the music this is some shit I can listen
to these triangles are just nightmarish
the triangles well they're out to get
you I know they like Heather I like how
they're kind of spazzing about while
they wait to she then sent Rubin Eddie
thank you I will up ship copy and paste
that name into Twitter as I dig this
sometimes like when I'm working with
After Effects I enjoy like the techno he
like just kind of keeping striving but
you know sometimes you just need a
little something like this
it's perfect After Effects a music
really any any sort of instrumental
music you can't deal with lyrics when
you're doing After Effects yeah that's
alright I like the simple wave stuff
Oh Jay there they're asking for a new
key update how are we on our
Wow we just need a couple more yeah you
people need to see the new key shelf new
key shell it was pretty impressive at
this point we got if you haven't seen
her Twitter we have a new tool Oh
somebody said this so we also have that
it has to be something they had maids
but it was it was me not it was they
ordered off of Etsy but it's English
it's like the perfect it's larger than a
VHS tape but it's the right machine so
it looks like an oversized VHS tape
that's beautiful I'm doing it I'm doing
it oh hello Draco I use premiere more
because most of my work is actually
editing obviously for any compositing I
use After Effects lately I've been using
After Effects more because we're doing
effects and only effects and I'm not
editing
that's never gonna get there it's
getting there
if if all goes to plan there might be a
space cop effect stream on Sunday one of
the problems with that is right now I
don't have an office because there's
some remodeling happening at my house
and so I'm it might not happen if my
office isn't ready but I'm thinking it
might also I need to do some of the
effects first to make sure that I figure
them out before I scream how I'm going
to do that so but yes
coming up either Sunday or maybe next
Wednesday we will stream light bar space
cop car light bar effects after
affecting it's going to be very exciting
it's going to probably be the most
boring training we've ever ever had but
it'll be a lot of fun
maybe it'll be a lot of fun or very
bored I'm sure like most of our streams
some people will like it and some people
will not that's a that's a bold
statement yeah I know that's a false
statement
oh no I'm not getting a new office I'm
painting I just had to move everything
out of my office to paint it and I
didn't want to get paint on my work
computer and equipment I know I didn't
want to ruin the things that I used to
make a living and so it'll be done
shortly I'm hoping my Sunday should hit
the closet room closet look like a man
Jack right right no I'm just I'm I'm not
I have literally nothing to do with the
editing of space gap I'm doing some
special effects
who's who's primarily additive you or JJ
is not completely but majority of it is
them now it's just affection sound
effects cleaning up the image which I
got a lot of that already
oh so you can you can bump into the
hollow triangles yeah but now rich is
the rlm Foley artist he has a special
routine we put my ash next to the
microphone for you we put different
parts of rich Evans next to the
bichromate
sometimes ass sure sometimes other body
parts
depending on what noise need we know you
should expect a very special behind the
scenes video for the rich holy work its
I unless it's more instructional than
your makeup seats fully
it'll be me making like the most
pathetic sound effects for whatever and
they'll be an extent of your mouth
instead of any sort of Li oh yeah yeah
enemy there'll be a whole section with
you a mic like listening to it and just
listen very serious
I like how you started that one wait
rich rich can you end your your your
laser sound with a little more cut
friends yeah copy copy the prince and
duplicate the copy of the Prince
oh oh that's how you do it
this is this is easy it's getting back
up
my eyesight again that's gonna be no
hitting it you can do it
is that what was that horseshoe
nup nup nup are you trying to get up and
down yep
that's like it it's like you waited for
that one
you already has want the beauty the new
subscribers that
did you ever play the Max Payne game was
Max Payne the firt that was the first
bullet time yeah right oh my oh
subscribers a certain level I think the
answer is they don't know probably not
what do you mean online screaming leads
a drain Jay baby said we spent four
years making a movie and they want to
see it yeah but I don't understand
online screaming they want they want it
to be straight it's very doubtful it
over the stream anytime soon
oh well and but it's like even when it's
done was like what point leak streaming
serves if you couldn't have it Pete's
trained I guess I don't understand your
question
do you mean like an early screening for
patreon because of supporters you know
that's the most important
I always dream with some sort of live
commentary
you know probably be a commentary track
yeah
I think that's fine faster it you can do
it it's gonna be it's gonna be like a
four-disc set space cop is one quarter
of one bish I don't know that I'm gonna
be able
I think you have to like jump around me
Oh God oh my god moving thing this can't
be done this can't be done this can't be
done suck it up rich oh are you doing
like that Oh My Jesus that's my favorite
is when it looks like you almost aimed
for
this is getting ridiculous
no it's like riches 1 percent through
the game yep
not even close oh there's so much
content Oh No
hahaha I'm just picturing like as
artists this looks one thing I don't
like is that falling off the edge yeah
yeah you should be like almost off the
edge before that counts the double I'm
like kind of near the urgent it counts
this is a close to level this is like
level 47 or 48 and there are 75 total
levels so you're over the halfway mark I
don't think you can I think you have to
wait for the thing to come
you can't wait for the ding
I got to that one yeah rich says he
knows what he's doing guys he's gonna
try to make this jump we have someone in
the chat who might know whether or not
that jump is possible well I need to go
up the wall oh and actually Alejandro
says a something he was working on today
was to give players an extra frame or
two before the double jump oh nice nice
to avoid to avoid the ledge issue that
you're having nice because I am doing
that a lot yeah yeah which is a normal
video game thing like you know falling
off of the ledge VX is a jump what oh
yeah it's like I'm not quite forward
yeah
oh there you go see I beat the system
that was nice rich I beat the system
I did what do you call that Jack what do
you call that kind of a leap jumping
skill I don't know real pro super pro
gamer sponsored by Red Bull rich is the
red ball which is the green ball you
can't be Red Bull because that's the
name of the drink they're not gonna name
the player the Red Bull right they're
gonna call you they're gonna call you
the ultra I named a soccer team in New
York the Red Bulls really yes after Red
Bull yes
soccer is the most popular sport in the
world but not a single person likes
soccer
yep to be fair the ones that do like it
don't call it soccer it's true so you're
right nobody likes soccer yeah everybody
likes food the ball food food the ball
red like red ball we're out there's a
connection we're onto something here
guys I got this
I'm the food bowl expert so many food
bowls
yeah the New York Red Bulls they are
owned by Red Bull and they are of an MLS
team a major league soccer team oh is
Jay and rich excited for football season
somebody who herds for the Chicago Bears
I haven't been excited about football
for the last 30 years oh my god oh my
MLG Pro that was a beautiful run rich
thank you oh it's the mega triangle
now Oh inspector oh oh I know I didn't
see the spikes
have you seen of what we do in the
shadows
no that's what does that one it's like a
mockumentary comedy okay about vampires
sure it's must be very much
Omega well there you go
my doing something
I'm not sure if this is working but I'm
not sure what else they can do do you
have to jump on him what he's still okay
you can jump directly on him
I just assumed I couldn't think of
spiking right and then him hitting the
spikes kind of stuns
oh you have to say okay okay okay we're
figuring it out we're figuring it out
game though for for developers say just
the fact that he's the spike made me
think that jumping on would be a bad
idea
absolutely that makes sense oh yeah
especially one spiky things have killed
me before spiky things are killing you
in this very level but you figured out
you used your brain
the competitors
oh I haven't seen that did you see the
new guy the man from the guy over chief
that guy ritchie yeah
recently what's he done he did swept
away with madonna what one of the worst
things ever he did Madonna he did
Madonna for a while one of the worst
things ever know the worst things oh
yeah his fucking barrels to me use this
like the style was aggressive and
obnoxious it was different as what I'd
have to rewatch excitement seated oh
yeah I really liked the style was so
refreshing liked it because it was
aggressive oh yeah I agree it was like
it was aggressive but it was a maybe it
was just because it was British yeah but
like it felt different I'd have to read
it I remember really
I'm very sure look who the enemy is this
time I knew it
so maybe the circles aren't the final
boss they're heat-seeking maybe it's a
well it's gonna be the daddy well for
this level but maybe the the end boss is
something fuckin crazy like an octagon
pentagram yeah that's the grin is circle
pentagram that's crazy
what it's geometric shape yeah but
that's a more complicated geometric
trade yeah hey boss hey boss
use your brain use your library I'll
crack it out here you know that you know
that
I hate these things good I think you
should boss the boss is satan like in a
in a stark turn of events the boss is
like is like a satan from doom yeah like
a real like a real character you know
wouldn't that be weird
fuck you
they move into this before J have you
since watched a danger finalists
5,000 other things for the first season
you long the second season is the ages
water yeah that's the one I think I
would probably like it's not the second
season is not done as well the first
season is pitch perfect 60 70s Italian
b-movie satire everything about it is
perfect satire I can't get past that
that's second I always get in
there you go they go there you go
but in the second season even though
they tried 80 satire they stick with
some of that 60s and 70s filmmaking
satire but have like 80s tropes and it
does not play nice together but the
first season is wonderful
the circles I think are too much for me
right now
they're too much for me yeah yeah have
you hit fatigue hard probably that has
something to do it sure
well that you know that's okay I think
we've been we've been going for like
four hours see if I can get to the end
of this if I if I even start getting
close to the end of this I see I get to
the end of this level
yes yeah oh listen ultimate sir I agree
like there's some there's some fun in
season two but it's not season two is
more insanity than satire and season one
is a perfect satire and so I felt even
though that was a question yes that's
right so Italian spider-man was done
Miss America yes
a good pair but but see it's season 2
has wackiness and craziness and it's off
the rails
oh but it doesn't have that you know
like this like for example in season one
all exteriors are obvious miniatures
okay which is glorious they keep with
that theme in season two even though
they're supposed to be securing eighties
movies but they would never use a
miniature as an exterior shot of the
dates and so they try to keep the style
of the first season while incorporating
80 strobes they try to keep the style of
a 60s or 70s Italian b-movie while
incorporating 80 strokes like highschool
slasher and it doesn't refresh well
and the Hitler joke gets always very
fast ah crazy comedy like yeah that come
here it will be the bad guys Hitler that
seems like they're gonna yeah how many
bad guy now I know he's overused yeah
oh fuck right
rich agrees about ever drop my nutsack
you know I just don't know how that's
possible cause I'm just gonna put that
out there
yeah you can do it my goose cooked your
goose is going to fleet fingers reach 10
RS 10 more tries
to
well agreed Mauri Mauri season 1 of
danger 5 is far superior to kung fury
season 1 Avenger 5 is a must watch
especially for people who like bad
movies like it's wonderful did do the
jokes on danger 5 work kung fury is so
much funnier when it's not trying to
make like actual jokes yes yes the
styles 7 the serious tone of it is funny
but then there's parts like it turns
into an infomercial for a second 9
10-zip
yeah is it okay go for it remember you
gotta crush those things oh my god I did
forget that yep
but
part of its fatigue but I may have hit a
wall oh sure well yeah it's the fatigue
or even you've been playing platformers
for the best for our circles had the
ultimate nightmare
we took a we took a tiny break it's a
play fingered but you've been playing on
'hardest balls platformer for four hours
uh-huh
it's a train the prereq team a Lowe's
prereq and red letter media doctor it's
right we're legit now Oh
you're so legit
it's the first time I paid attention to
the chat all night and I was glad I
could be you never with my my ideas
never can get here get here just do the
same thing I know that well that's what
it looks like that's what it is I think
you got to go back track for that one
shot yeah yeah don't forget you gotta
kill the things
one to dodge one two one two Dutch
trying to find the real
oh my god I got this this is what I was
trying to do in the first place
it's like get to the no because I almost
impossible
but
I need to go watch demolition man that's
just watch the first half and you'll be
fine watch all of it you know it's it's
action garbage but it's good garbage is
that the last good Stallone action movie
of that era
was that the beginning of the end is
what you're saying yes I don't remember
when Judge Dredd was but it's probably
right around that same penny was after
Judge Dredd I want to say Judge Dredd
was like 93 I feel like that was the
period when all those action guys we're
starting to yeah good well you know the
action genre was falling out of the
wayside as the the CGI spectacle era was
taken well and also the ones that were
coming out as far as the exit stones
were the 80s old movies were starting to
suck yeah just alone movies started at
the start it's not even just stuff like
the CG spectacle was taking over us and
the actual movies oh my god just any
good
I'm starting to doubt in my abilities
this should be like climax of the Cape
this is like halfway through I can't
imagine how much harder it gets after
this I miss triangles go back to
triangles
triangles didn't hunt my ass down
oh my fuckin boom Wow you just died
oh I just wanted to get through that one
mama like I could do this I'm gonna call
that a small redemption to me oh that
was hard though yeah I was difficult
those balls hard okay well let's see if
we have any new subscribers we do we
have midnight of the century 2 inches
away from the monitor like a smallest
letters I've ever seen
Reggie Mon ring gak and
sfw wookie NSFW oh well I get it not
safe for wookie like it means I get it
Oh Ronco Maul rattle fatty mu slime
vitamucil ooh
Betty Betty Betty muscle one maybe hey
whatever your fucking name is thank you
for subscribing
we really appreciate Oh
according fala Haun drove by the way
speedrunners can beat the entire game in
less than 13 minutes my god I don't
think we came close to that also no no
we did not thank you by the way
Alejandra for coming and chatting with
people and sorry for doubting you
it just we had another Devin here for a
game we're streaming earlier and it just
seemed it seemed weird that that would
happen twice so also thank you to ice
lizard games for coming out and
and chatting with the chat during mute
crimson plus we really appreciate all
you guys come out for all the game
nonsense
that happens so this to hear this
