Mad Max
Sep 2, 2015
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/14232789, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VW3NIeOxcGs
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/14236186, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8JrmnDfE6Q
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/14238071, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YABEHcG2wzI


[Part I]
then I thought they would be and so they
might be comically large my nose guard
my wife stepped on my glasses because
she hates you because the cat knocked
him off the table and she didn't see him
but it broke one of my little plastic my
little rubber nose guard things and it's
been bothering me for a while so I'm
fixing it now oh my god oh my god oh my
god that was a twitch thing that was a
twitch - welcome to the to the mad Mac
the mad Mac stream really half an hour
late we're an hour late I think I said
hey oh my god what's always a three why
would you ever say eight did you always
know we start late give yourself a
buffer it's Wednesday usually we give
yourself a buffer usually Wednesday we
started like seven yeah so I gave myself
a buffer eight hello everybody hi we're
here with the new Mad Max game yes very
excited to play the new Mad Max game oh
yeah I kind of like the screen I like I
like the artwork well of course it's Mad
Max well of course all right like like
an hour two ago I went in the chat and I
asked does everybody want to see a new
game or a game I've been playing that
response was overwhelmingly a game I've
already been playing mm-hmm so we're
going to pick this up after and some
number of hours okay no problem
what the fuck
Andy do you have a beefcakes thing
running yes I do
great you got beefcakes thing running
nose then let me oh this is not a new
game I wanted I tested it I started a
new game see we got game audio yeah and
that's what came up
I have a but I will be able to chat with
everyone just a second now that I
replaced one nose guard I need to
replace the other to make sure that
either even do you want to switch spots
would that make sense what no I have my
laptop I'll be okay and everything I
just there we go
they you know the the irony with glasses
is in order to repair them every single
screw is the tiniest thing imaginable to
fit on a small frame but when you're
repairing them you can't wear them oh my
god - terrible yep it is on great and
save drew built Italy and Don got me
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do we
appreciate it so much that way that we
that we say it twice and built Italy
that is right be that there's so many
weird spaces and there underscores yeah
and is built that is proper okay
oh that's great Jack can now see I can
now see if my glasses aren't slipping up
and gobbling up the hellcat striker and
you know what gobbledygook cuz I got a
half-assed that the first time thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true all right leg mega a game yeah
get the fuck on to your Mad Max oh my
god no wait I gotta pull up the check
cause now I can't see anyone's going on
in the chat alright I'm finally playing
the game and now I've been playing for
like four or five hours okay I only just
got the jacket now oh really
yeah well you were saying also that you
don't really get you don't get the the
Interceptor there is some grinding going
on in this game and okay no way there's
like a shitload of leveling you have to
do to like unlock the jacket and and
various other moves but I wanted the
goddamn jacket come at max game you need
the jacket and
instead of normal earning of experience
you you earn XP by doing this kind of
shelling shit and I had to do like 21 of
these before I leveled up enough to get
the jacket what is the game consistent
like what's the game open-world it's
like an open-world game like here uh
eats six cans of food of course complete
13 scavenging locations to feed 10
roadkill vehicles by any means you know
that kind of stuff
ok alright alright
oh you know we didn't do we didn't
update this this dream before we do you
click the stage dream Oh which was which
was being funny and he clicked start
stream was repairing my glasses Oh Jack
and you fix that easily from your laptop
Emily Richard I'm gonna go rescue my dog
would you go rescue your dog already by
the way Mad Max has a hunchback that guy
that's that's your hunchback
the world looks nice yeah that looks
very mad Maxie that's a thing now Mad
Max is famous interceptor that gets
destroyed in every fucking movie now
yeah it gets destroyed in like the
opening cutscene you don't get to drive
it at all really and so far the only
real plot structure in the game has is
uh you're building a new car I mean you
know it's just an excuse to drive around
as Mad Max right and mad Max's mother
usually are pretty self she doesn't care
about stopping the evil army you know he
he wants to do car that's your
motivation in this game you want a new
car that's you know what that is very
mad Max's you're right max actually gets
very mad when he finds out this the
hunchback he's building you a car
because he's like you've got a religious
nut mm-hmm he thinks you're the car
Messiah and Mad Max doesn't care just
cares that some guys building of a car
sure so he's going along with it kind of
and he looked under the hood and he saw
it was only a v6 he starts yelling at
this hunchback he's building up a car
god damn it I told you I went to a
different mission this isn't dog machine
Oh doesn't matter okay so now we get to
see what combat looks like and it's
Batman
and you're whipping yeah no that's
something I want to point out this game
it kind of lets you see through the the
facade of the free-flow combat like you
play one of the Arkham games and Batman
does all this fancy kung-fu shit of
course you're only hitting the X button
over and over again but Batman does like
80,000 different things right they just
stayed true to Max's character he
doesn't do a bunch of kungfu so he only
does for the most part like left and
right fist punches and when you build up
that combo and you're still just
throwing punches mm-hmm
it kind of lets you see the little man
in the room behind the curtain right
right the it's it's uh it's all mirror
no smoke I don't know apparently
shooting up a flare let me have that
that body thing great car we're building
okay so so yeah so the the thing that
makes the Batman combat fun even though
you're only pressing one button is the
animation the trickery doesn't like
feeling like a bad X right that's what
is the illusion that game pulls off for
combat
hold on updating stream yeah ed Mack
now let's get that fucking oh you're
getting your job yeah
updated great we are up to him
updated and you know what we're gonna
get crazy with it I'm gonna even
remember to tweet that's what's
happening tonight rich that's a good
thing we're playing a hot new game hot
and a hot new title well a cool new game
because it's competing against metal
here right right someone had the idea to
open this opposite metal gear really
dumb I mean you know what you know what
it was they wanted to coincide with a
blu-ray valachia
oh sure still probably a bad idea still
probably very much better I mean I'm not
a metal throw again I fan I'd go with
the Mad Max over Metal Gear but I am I
am in the extreme minority
and tweet it great everything's great
this is not the ps4 game rich is playing
the the PC version it's a very good port
I have had no weird glitches issues or
bugs that's very good you know it it's
been running grapes this looks fantastic
you Metal Gear isn't very popular though
it's basically the nintendo of third
party games except for nintendo is very
popular your logic is flawed in your own
sentence
Metal Gear has an insanely rabid fan
base a large and rabid fan base Nintendo
also has a larger rabid fan base but I
think people like to pretend it doesn't
yeah what's with that was the dog in the
car already where's the dog I was in the
middle of this mission when I I stopped
playing mm-hmm and I had to pick the dog
and up and put him in the buggy
originally I mean he wasn't there I'm
assuming he's in the buggy now no I
don't see any dog okay that's fine you
know what it's fine I'm just gonna drive
the buggy back to the base I get the dog
and I'm assuming the dog will appear in
the buggy
how do you think yeah okay this is
something weird I did I mean I didn't
stop in the middle of retrieving the dog
anyway I see him in there he's black dog
and I see something moving around
there's probably talk fruit pie the
magician or inany master says it was a
joke Jack about the Metal Gear fans I
don't know how many of them was you know
he was making a joke that Metal Gear is
not a large game oh and maybe this
should just be like a message we give
out at the beginning of every stream you
can't detect sarcasm in textbooks yeah
that is a comment that is so absurd you
know you'd have to assume you know I
mean I want italics subtlety and parody
I think can be lost you give me but give
me a toughness as blatant as yeah metal
gears not very popular that should be
known mildly mildly obvious I'm not in
chat mode yet you know I'm still I'm
still we just started scrambled to get
here around time not on time but we
scrambled to get here an hour like it
but you're right nowyour and thinking
about it you're right but I need some
italics yeah who's that guy use that
face for sarcasm
who's Kyle I don't have my battle car
though I gotta bring this dog back god
damn it you get it like a ton of scrap
that's like currency building shit with
scrap yeah that little car oval spec car
I gotta stole all his shit
you don't want to wreck that car I just
want to be the start back and finish
that business then we can get on their
nonsense besides I don't have like
weapons on this thing this is just a
buggy okay don't move you yeah oh this
is your base most technically not Maxim
he doesn't own it right okay you got a
dog the dog finds landmines oh that's
exciting he does that from the back of
the buggy he doesn't leave the buggy to
find the landmines okay he just barks at
them this guy is in charge of the base
this ugly motherfucker
okay alright let's go blow shit up yay
blow shit up okay so rich yeah
I would like to start off the stream by
talking about how you are right about
everything
what yeah so rare I hear that do you
know that you are correct about
everything all the time
what am I correct about this time
specifically this time the have you
heard of the new arkham knight dlc
uh-huh well I know that there was a race
car won there was a race car won but one
just came out today is it other race car
won no yeah it was something that you
are very very right of a challenge map
some jello oh oh we finally get them oh
no no we get six of them 0:06 challenge
maps for $2 how could you how could you
botch that game so badly right and then
you said the story telling
you're gonna Ram this guy fuck you huh
so you just kind of assumed that
everyone else is bad like I have a
harpoon what just shake his door out now
once the harpoon is reloaded actually
this probably nobody is sitting in that
car right now but I could yank the
driver out as it is I'm just gonna Ram
his Chevy sure these guys they will jump
on your hood that's awesome that's a
that's okay because I've got a shotgun
super fun bullets
very scarce which I kind of like you
only get well ii-i've gotten one shot
gun upgrade so I can have a few more
bullets before I start out you can only
have three damn bullets really yes oh
that's great so do you automatically get
this crap
after you do for no no you don't so then
what I'm just fucking around right now
on them I mean let me blow on ya hey hey
take care of your business
oh and and the driver side is on the
other side all
as it should be
the driver's-side should be on the other
side because that's original Mad Max
yeah it I guess I'm that's my point
yeah you can get in the other house not
that that did me much good no that
didn't do in fact very little bit that
looks like a good fight I'll get in that
car see that right there in vests that's
what you collect oh shit oh yeah okay
we're fucking around it's fine we're
just looking so Arkham Knight DLC yeah
Robin Nightwing Catwoman Batman now
challenges yeah ar challenges six total
area challenges for two bucks are they
done in the lame style of the AR
challenges oh so it's completely
worthless fuck them how could they botch
that so bad the challenges were like one
of the best things about the old games
fuck them it's our money yes fucking
idiots
and so you know you use very very
correctly absolutely call that in our
Arkham Knight review I figured they
would release proper challenge maps at
least and only six of them which brings
the total number of challenge maps up to
like nine six doesn't shock me because I
figure they'll keep releasing like six
at a time there are two different packs
oh I've used that one that's how you
survey the area you get in a little
balloon that goes up and then you use
the binoculars look around and you you
observe the things you can do that's
great landmines are the dog show you
though no no big deal no I just poke
around
are we gonna watch the animated movie of
The Killing Joke I'm going with the
stipulation that it's Mark Hamill and I
think that was confirmed it was yeah why
wouldn't I do that
oh those big dick glint you can see yeah
oh yeah
sniper Oh convoy I don't think I'm fast
enough for this group convoys are fun
yeah get it get it
yeah they're Palumbi out of water my
car's no I mean I'm fairly early in the
game my car's not very upgraded
oh you're catching up so what's the good
uh I gotta get that car with the icon
over yeah that's got a good unit mmm
let's get a foot Horniman put out of it
the whole tournament I'll have some kind
of staff oh sure oh the last one I got
was Dora I'm assuming the wrong hood
ornaments and that fuckers got to get
away because you wear these car parts
could just be carpets
you know I asked rich if this game was
good I'm on the way over here and I was
like so you've been playing that max
isn't any good and he and his exact
response I was thought it was going to
be back when I before came out right but
his exact response was it's not as bad
as I thought it wasn't gonna be which is
not necessarily a glowing well I'm just
still digesting it I mean I only just
got his jacket
god damn it
and
I do love the different like terrain you
know
like you got into that deeper sand and
it was our people that seemed pretty
cool
it's the important question the Habs if
you'll take those
they're getting away
that's okay rich that's oh okay fuck it
fuck all right fix my car you hunchback
you notre-dame reject even Notre Dame
reject and so that's what he does he
just yeah well just hang here in the Sun
you fix my car max can't be bothered to
fix the car sniper
all this my got one lousy show left
whoa
ivan call harpoon record and take off
their wheels so
did get the driver there
oh that other one just blow up did he
hit something yeah oh my land minefield
oh no I think it was it was called like
a boomer car or something I think it's
like a kamikaze
and so there's there is no overarching
objective in this game well there's this
guy beat up the brother of actually the
the the other son of immortan joe is in
charge of gas town oh and early in the
game he beats you up and steals your car
but then you chase after him and you
shove a chainsaw into his forehead ok
but he he might still be alive
I'm not sure okay other than building a
car that's the only semblance of a story
immortan joe's other son who looks a lot
like rictus erectus I took your car and
threw you off of his truck after you
stabbed him in the head with a chainsaw
and so we gonna make it only assume
he'll show up later with some kind of
ridiculous move - sure
is it we also assume then this takes
place after period I either after fury
road or on some kind of weird new
continuity I'm not sure which did they
do start off with the Interceptor so or
maybe before fear um well yeah but the
interceptors destroy and you start off
your erode with the interceptors so I
think I think we're looking at another
new continuity another new country it's
fine it's fine it's Mad Max is fine
that's a person well kill him
no ok I think a good guy she's gonna
tossed rallyin uh I think they're all
yeah there might be somebody who didn't
die there are other ways inside
less dangerous so she's letting me know
there's a secret way into this
particular base all right which might
let me bypass some bullshit
I was sure got I got I can scout it out
sniper flame pipe in the front gate or
he beats the drums and agitates the war
boys to be more violent okay excellent
oh that's a new one I've never seen that
before at home all the top sling he's
gotta throw fire at me sure don't want
to do that so maybe there's another way
in behind this thing mm-hmm
I'm liking this game more and more I can
see some of the stuff getting repetitive
just like this would be the fourth base
I took down okay
you can do that
what are you taking down the whole tower
you a this one I'd probably have to take
down those two supports next to it oh
that's an option
great
so you you weren't looking for the
secret pass
I might there's a secret way and I i'll
there is that rich goes great to know
about that secret way would fuck another
movie our point it might be no was it
under was it under that fight
oh wow
have you seen to follow that pipe keep
going it's down
for the back
you break that perfect yes/no down there
is that a fight coming up it's too far
away
you're right
you're right is this car equipped with
OnStar left overview cake has the
important questions yes did you just
miss that you you are not hitting it
center I don't know if that is it
doubt it wouldn't matter
nope missingno okay then what's on the
go left
or like is it that area under that pipe
there can you smash through that
I'm gonna say no
now I'm just fuckin up my car
Pacific Pacific
my hunchback is gonna have to fix that
later another yep
Phoenix of course has a very very
important question the enemy vehicles
have spikes why does your car suck so
much because the enemy vehicles have
spikes where's your spikes oh I don't
know maybe I can buy spikes later even
your spikes I don't get it it's I don't
getting it it's weird
no it's it's true spikes are something
that exists I may the pick was not a
secret okay but like is that a piece of
wood over there and right in front of
that pipe
top
jump off of that pipe rape jump up that
pipe tilting it not dancing it you know
like that looks like wood up there no
okay that's fence that's a fact are
that's faster and like that it might be
overthinking this are we yeah I think
I'm also worried about going in the pipe
I didn't think to go on top of the pipe
oh sure
unless maybe not so this video is like
on the other side of this there's a
thing there's a way in right well lady
said there was a way in I mean maybe
she's full of shit dude maybe she just
hates me we have to assume that she's
there for a reason and not full of shit
like all those rusted bits brittle nope
is that a fuel supply that you can blow
up it's probably it'll take down the
that fire there okay I'll talk
yeah shotgun specialist rich these are
shotguns but I'm trying run I'm trying
and it's not working what platform is
this on rich is currently playing it on
the PC oh my god this is got some
fucking reach on it yeah but I believe
it's also available consoles gloriously
no predator vision nope oh yes no cheat
button
you know George Miller should direct
Star Wars han Solo no George George
militia direct the next Mad Max waste
his talents in some Star Wars locker now
give them a budget let them do anyone's
well okay we've got a dust storm there
are storms there as sometimes late you
see like dust devils floating around
yeah but you just take car wheels and
shit yeah yeah don't give don't keep
George Miller like a han Solo movie get
you know what I would trust George
Miller was like a Boba Fett movie uh you
don't want to see it but also you know
what I want to do I want to give George
Miller a bunch of money yeah so hook him
up with Disney and he immediately has a
bunch of money and you know he won't
give a shit about listening to Disney's
notes
do you suppose he's passionate about
Star Wars though Georgia no yeah it
would just be a job for him not a
passion project yeah but it would be a
job that he does well you know I don't
believe that
Irving Kirchner was passionate about
Star Wars when he got tapped it's a
direct Empire but that motherfucker did
his job as a director and directed the
fuck out of Empire sure
we're just doing it doing it the hard
way well on that in the first book place
but I like it I like that there is you
know rich
listen I'm not gonna say who's a better
director Miller or curse me all in it
this is this is just a thing a
director's job is to have a strong
vision George Miller has that Miller
should do a Bond movie no I don't think
Miller would be good at you know the
sneaky stuff what is that oh that's the
drummer I missed all fun
Oh was that your last bullet yep I loved
I do love that ammo is scarce of course
mother buffs now their bumps Perry mate
yeah this is a little were mad max
becomes Batman but as rich was saying
he's not doing crazy flips and yeah like
he's not doing kung-fu he's just
punching people which is exactly what
Mad Max we're doing and I'm gonna go
ahead and do the rich it's a little
boring you know the lack of certainly
boring to watch the lack of fancy
animations definitely makes it a little
boring to watch this is not some pro
playing you're watching her either
though you always do I don't think the
people would realize this and watch but
you always do worse on stream mmm-hmm oh
sure sure rich yeah rich what do you
think of the Michael Keaton Batman where
Batman has no apparent qualms about
killing all of the henchmen just like
just rewatched that like the first time
I remember like yesterday oh yeah you're
very well timed with it yeah it's weird
my responses it's weird and when I when
I first saw that like I was younger I
was just old enough to think that Batman
who kills is kind of newt
he's a hardcore Batman did he kill it's
been ages since I've seen he doesn't go
out of his way to but yes it happens
constantly he blows up ace chemicals and
axes chemicals with all of the Joker's
henchmen still inside sure he knocks
people off roofs he he takes the one guy
at the end of the movie Klumps his foot
around his head he throws them down this
huge stairwell I mean okay he murders
people left and right it's it's pretty
indiscriminate it's not it's not violent
he doesn't like he never takes out like
a gun he doesn't shoot somebody a bad
sure there's plenty of people off of
long Falls okay and and the I ever
mentioned explosive oh right right you
know what didn't even think about that
cartoon logic if you don't see the
people die they don't die
so what do you think about that ah it as
a kid you hit you had no qualms work in
the movie because I was a kid I didn't
care didn't notice I mean maybe it's
because he's not going out of his way
but like a shotgun he's not yeah he's
not like setting out to murder people
it's it's it's almost self-defense
sure Oh some people like there's some
subtler nods I think to the previous
movies you know some people might
remember this running animation from Mel
Gibson and road warrior I think running
with the can in the middle of the street
when when he stomps on out a henchman
who's on the ground very reminiscent of
Tom Hardy in fury road yeah
that's great wait the Sun will set mr.
oh I never want to cook what's up here
the drummer oh that's right he's still
alive I couldn't take him out how
embarrassing
he's just been sitting up there oh I got
one look one bullet one bullet yeah he's
a drummer but he's busy going on
yep I swear it was nothing personal
nothing against you man that's great
I'm getting there future future Jay you
know I uh I guess I hadn't just honestly
never thought about it that he kills
people
yep and it's been ages since I've seen
the movie I can only imagine it it has
not aged terribly well as I don't think
many of the quote-unquote serious Tim
Burton films have it's kind of funny how
bad the costume looks in hindsight yeah
I mean the the the the it's just
terrible is this giant rubber thing that
fits on his face awkwardly
ringing sir
oh that's great
oh yeah what's great job game one what
happened glitchy yeah light little gig
glitchy
he pulled a kitty pryde on you there
this is a melding of the universe as he
slipped right through you
what we're talking about we're talking
about stuff oh that's in Burton Batman
oh sure yeah well you know it's like if
you look at something like Edward
Scissorhands which takes place in this
you know Tim Burton fantasy world mm-hmm
that that's kind of ageless because of
the fantasy setting you know even though
it's not a real fantasy setting does
that I don't know if that makes any
sense but I think Batman is supposed to
you know what else is a hot about that
movie what Alfred just lets Vic evil
right into the Batcave yeah oh another
bullet maybe you don't find that many
bullets yeah she's a fucking reporter
but I'm trying to find out more about
the Batman so she could publish it he's
right in the cave he's just that good
judge of character I guess maybe he's
just sick of the whole Sharat charade
bitch yeah sure rude I mean that Alfred
is quite possibly one of the oldest
Alfred's and so yeah he might have just
been tired
master master Bruce I just don't give a
fuck anymore I'm letting reporter in any
thoughts on the Prince soundtrack from
Batman 89 one of the greatest I fucking
love Prince so much
I'm underwhelmed by prints in general
how do you how do you feel about Jack
Nicholson I mean I remember loving it
he's just Jack Nicholson right he's not
the Joker he's just Jack Nicholson only
every now and then he'll say something
in a goofy way every now and then but
really he's just Jack Nicholson right
right you know but I thought they
handled kind of I thought they handled
the madness in a very realistic man oh
good I found some help Oh somewhat help
oh oh oh that's not the worst thing what
else do you eat I don't know I don't
know that I'd be able to find it you
know that'll be that'll be our next goal
is finding the other thing that you eat
that's weird mash it button so you know
the the the Joker's madness in Batman
was was kind of a little more there was
a little downplay but it was there I
don't want to I don't want to use the
word subtle because it definitely was
not subtle but you know it was it was
played down and I thought it worked for
the movie and it works for Jack
Nicholson yeah it was in his wheelhouse
to play that just a gangster you know
but his the weirdness was there Joker
feels like it should have been Cesar
Romero only get him to shave off the
fucking mustache this time well you know
that they didn't have much to work from
beyond that
let me get down there I'm probably a
different way that was to get that
secret little thing I destroyed oh yeah
the Joker was a mobster that's the thing
mr. Foreman le like he would he was I
don't even like that it's it's not one
of my favorite takes on the Joker no no
oh god no III don't mean to sound like
I'm defending it yeah I'm sure that
whole movie just came to Netflix
recently I think and I've been know
that's where I'm where I wash it like
yesterday yeah I've definitely been
thinking about watching it just just to
see how bad it really was
now here we go let's do better this boat
yeah nice Oh crunching it feels by
virtue of the fact that they're not
doing fancy kung-fu yeah it feels more
brutal than like the Arkham combat does
2nd up a storm here today well that's
you do you play what you guys you guys
don't do this don't know this cuz I'm
assuming most of you don't stream but
you play much worse when you're
streaming and and talking to somebody
well you're not concentrating you're not
giving your full attention to the thing
you need to like redo everything not
everything just the water there's the
water
it's not there anymore if there was
something up there to begin with okay
Jack Palance let's write Jack Palance is
in the movie it's gonna be great in it
Jack Palance has ever been in yes made
it well well and correctly said rich
Jack Palance is wonderful you could give
him Dolly Parton's rollin nine to five
and it would be great for completely
different reasons certainly be great
to get that drummer oh that's fine
alright okay bring it I don't know I
don't know what that's in reference to
dong at Lee but yes or Don Gately if you
need four hours to tell a story don't
make a movie I know a guy I was looking
back in the chat but uh it doesn't
matter that's true a movie has a certain
time frame and it's not four hours you
have to know your medium create
something for your media even even three
hours for most movies is stretching it
to two hours
the crunchings oh god damn it nice now
you're working you need that Club oh can
you eat like Batman can you only pick
them up after a certain combo no no god
it's it's stopping to pick them up
that's the problem
well Rising Sun concert films art movies
concert films are musical performances
that you videotape captain sir that's my
name
captain sir captain sir
Gone with the Wind sucks Gone with the
Wind is boring okay what anyone says
I've never seen so I can't say there are
there are exceptions ever everyone's
mentioning stuff like Seven Samurai
which is which is three and a half hours
long and that's what we like to call
exceptions that make the rule of course
it will happen every once in a while
where a movie that is very long doesn't
feel that long because the director is
so good well Jack how do you feel about
miniseries mini-series I think I'm
perfectly acceptable
nope I don't want to shoot hi rich don't
suck this time
no not exceptions that break the rule
because that would mean that there's
enough exceptions where the rule doesn't
apply exceptions that make the rule
means that the rule still applies in
most cases but there are a few moments
that are shining examples of the rule
not work there exceptions that make the
rule so the rule is about two hours but
you know you can point to ones that are
three hours that don't feel like drop
exceptions that make fanciest thing I
have ever seen Mad Max dude oh you got a
whole fury thing happen yeah instead is
that a combo banger
can you point to one of those that are
one and a half hours but feel like four
pixels pixels feels like hip-hop the jaw
the jaw and they will they don't know
whether the jar is is 20 minutes long
that feels like two days Jedi I
apologize for this non-performance
Herbers vermin wants us to talk about
Coen Brothers movies what's your
favorite Coen Brothers movie yeah I
would have seen that many of them really
yeah oh man names names start naming
them so you know Fargo Fargo that okay
there's that there's um old brother
we're out haven't seen the bow you
haven't seen that haven't seen it okay
there's the classics there's a Barton
Fink haven't seen it the Heather's
Miller's Crossing haven't seen it I
think I saw part of it when I was a lot
younger though oh um there's there's
just too many hold on they did
were they holding the mouse key they
were the big lebowski haven't seen it do
it really yep they know that's when I
should know no country for old men
haven't seen it really yep easy blood
simple that was a very first movie no
okay
well then there's there's just a whole
bunch that you need to see I'm trying to
oh oh Raising Arizona I love it
yep the hudsucker proxy I don't remember
much about it I know I love Raising
Arizona though Wow there you go that's a
good one the hudsucker proxy is right up
there with one of my favorite Coen
Brothers fucking love the hudsucker
proxy my two favorite are Barton Fink
and and the hudsucker proxy those are
those are my two things you know for the
kids yeah
fucking beautiful brilliant movie and
and Barton finger it's the most
wonderful simple story about it's one of
my favorite Hollywood movies as well you
know it's about this like super artistic
playwright that gets seduced to
Hollywood to write a arrested a movie
for the for the big studios we want you
to write a wrestling movie and he's
struggling with his art versus him
getting paid and it's weird and trippy
and John Turturro is wonderful in it
just everyone's great
everything's great about the other half
I actually I never saw the True Grit
remake I never saw their true beauty and
of course no country for old mug is
fantastic it's the one with the other
one the Clint Eastwood right way tell me
guys Oh what I'm thinking of a Clint
Eastwood where he's the older guy and
Grandpa mites the game the gang grand -
yeah yeah fuck fuck you I know that's
all right
that's I'm sorry I'm sorry for for uh
for laughing at that no okay I never saw
bad I never saw True Grit remake I never
saw true Gruber
this is the True Grit remake yeah I mean
I like wasn't that was fine Jeff Bridges
said Bridges that's right who's good in
everything
who's good in everything has he ever
been bad and anything even a bad movie I
didn't see that
RIPD okay you know what I'm just gonna
have insane it but I'm just gonna say
he's probably very good that's what he
does he he elevates material that is a
bold statement rich that is a bold bold
statement he made Tron good yeah he sure
did
oh good iron man he's fine in it he's
finding it isn't that his best
performance but he's still not batting
it I mean he's in it the movie for five
minutes
but as Obadiah Stane he's a feyza fine
Obadiah Stane all right I fucked that
bass up like it left and right it took
you a while but you did it so now what
do you what do you get because the gate
bassist thought you got all the
resources yeah and now I didn't get much
like what do you earn for fucking up the
bass I think there's gonna be less
enemies spawning me in the world Oh
danger level goes down or something
weird okay I'm just doing them because I
like beating things up yeah that's fine
oh they're a scrap in the bass but
they're scrap you can find not in bases
to her so the song at lea has found the
exception that makes your rule reg yeah
the the one movie that I'm sure Jeff
Bridges does not elevate okay the giver
is in it it's it's that movie based off
of the book that's supposed to be
terrible and did you ever read The Giver
no it's that's like the givers like a
standard like hi mandatory high school
reading none of those books and it is
it's a pretty good book it's a fun book
you know it's a teen novel mm-hmm but
it's a very fun book and it's it's
something the most fun thing about it
I'm gonna give some spoilers now for the
giver if no one has read oh my god I'm
about to spoil the fuck out of the giver
there's one fantastic reason why the
giver could never be a movie because it
has a big twist in the in the beginning
of the book you start reading it and
it's about this boy who kind of
different and funny right yeah and he
lives into this perfect idealistic
community and after everyone graduates
from school they all get a job
assignment at this big job assignment
assembled right but this boy he feels a
little weird and different and he does
not get a job at the job assignment
assembly and everyone's really freaked
out about that until at the very end
they say you're going to be the giver
you're the new Giver
and the kids like what the fuck right
but it was a there's one reason why the
giver can never be a move is because the
boy starts describing the stuff that he
sees that her beer it's like I noticed
this the other day I was looking at this
tree and it looked different and then
and then I was looking at this girl and
looked different and then he see he's
having lessons on being the giver and
they tell him that
oh you're seeing color
because apparently everyone has to take
okay that suppresses their emotions and
their seeing in color because that makes
outbursts
is wonderful give in the book
storm started oh Jesus random location
could be wrong
what
crazy storm this is a crazy story
this is oh this is apparently is a full
volume so it's our everybody storms
happened
and here the spoilers over the storm
then I'll spoil louder
Why What so in any case you know that's
that's one of those fun moments in the
book while you're reading because of
course yeah it's a book we didn't know
he didn't see color it's fun that you
can't make a movie out of that because
what are you gonna do make the first
movie but you know part of the movie
black and white which they probably did
sure but then that gives away that
everybody sees in black and white and
that makes it less of a fun surprise
right we don't it could just be a movie
that's in black and white you don't
necessarily know that's what people are
seeing yeah but it's a modern movie
uh-huh so why is it in black and white
why is the first part of the color
though that wasn't a vaz in black and
white
I guess I wasn't there so why was
Schindler's List in black and white
where there is still black and white
when you lose one was the vodka I'm
gonna assume yes but I don't I think
that was a big thing with Rosa Parks
sure Schindler's List Jack Schindler's
List I don't know arthouse the fuck okay
our house why get what assume our house
fuck people wouldn't know because the
givers is one of those
her name's I've never heard of the giver
I wouldn't know why have you heard of
the giver I read the book it's a great
place a great book you should read the
book
Oh
something flew in the store music
I'm really good at cliffnotes no I'm not
very good ones
the giver is a shit movie I'm sure the
giver is a shit movie
I'm 100% sure that the givers are shit
it looked like a ship fine book
fine whatever team box
oh he's blown around in the storm that's
kind of great doing West sucker oh you
want me to spoil The Catcher in the Rye
Holden Caufield here the dream
represents loss of innocence and Holden
is struggling with this concept of
losing one citizens even always not
particularly innocent himself yeah he's
kind of a hypocrite really but he
acknowledges that he's a hypocrite which
makes him kind of more doesn't he
doesn't like slutty women while at the
same time he's looking to get laid
he's a hypocrite yeah but that's part of
the duality of adulthood in real life
and really isn't that what the book is
about is the confronting real life yes
yes over fantasies the fantasies of
childhood so done we spoil the Catcher
in the Rye for
we bums around and he mopes that's best
like the spoiler filled notes
Moebius

[Part II]
I can't spoil Metal Gear Solid 5 yet I
have not started playing I got it on
Tuesday and haven't really felt like
playing it Tuesday was for work today is
for Mad Max yep when tomorrow I'll
dedicate some time to Metal Gear
yes tomorrow is a Metal Gear game day I
was working today I came really close to
finishing the new previously recorded
episode today which I'm very excited
about turned out alright it turned out
alright due to even even though I had
low expectations up that should be out
soon
I'll have to talk to Jay to see if they
have anything coming out they might no
no actually I don't think they do have
anything coming out this week so maybe
this week a new previously recorded nice
tomorrow or or Friday
depending on how fast I can I can clean
up the sound and record some gameplay
footage that's where I came in from and
I think I'm not going to tell you what
the new prereq episode is on we haven't
told you yet yeah it's not like it's
super shocking no actually at this point
is probably a wet dog you're sure that's
why I'm not gonna I'm not gonna say it's
oh yes raggedly I just said we shouldn't
tell a fine it's fine we're doing one on
rocket League cuz I'm gonna see tomorrow
it's raggedly - his pants you got to
tell him at that point but we use it to
talk about multiplayer in general yes
yes
rich brings up some really fine points
on multiplayer gaming his problems with
them and what rocket League does to
subvert those problems we talk about
some really fun some really fun ways
that they handled bare-bones
simple gameplay design a lot of showing
not telling in rocket League so
they're gonna go when did we play rocket
League yeah we never play rocket you
loved it you guys loved it rich and I
loved it more like that's that's one of
the things is I mean I need to record
some very specific rocket League moments
and so that'll be my tomorrow morning is
like oh darn I have to play some rocket
League to record some very specific
moments for the episode so
oh just darn doing much better
let's go around yeah yeah well you got
into the fully I think I think you know
it's more difficult to play in stream
but I also think that you can find the
rhythm of kind of talking and playing so
that stop right there that is very time
hearty to me some of you can find a
scene in the movie where he stops on
someone or something exactly like that
yeah oh I'm sure they use that as
reference yeah looks like there's some
was some of time hearty some of Mel
Gibson oh that's really fun I think I
think visually
he's face wise he's some mix ah maybe no
I think he's new he's kind of he's got
an ugly mug so maybe a little more Tom
Hardy little bit Mel Gibson II I mean
you know they don't I don't think they
had the license to use his face so you
can't make it look exactly like him yeah
got a new thing
thank you for who's a Raider I got
gloves spikes now I got gloves spikes
rich have you played the story mode and
rocket League yet the Blues inator
thinks they handled cutscenes really
well
uh-huh that's really funny yeah jazz
jackrabbit what what about the Paul the
plot twists in rocket League no no the
rocket League episode I think right now
is is capping out at 17 18 minutes do we
want oil squirt all over our face yes we
do yeah all right you got oil spirit all
over our face does it do anything or is
that just because it's cosmetic I yeah
yeah you're a dirty motherfucker
and that it probably won't end up being
that long even it depends on I have
placeholder placeholder things in we're
gameplay footage will go so it all
depends on how long the gameplay footage
is it's not it's not very long
Serge exe the rocket League ending truly
we are the rocket League I could see
that
broccoli day ending is yeah you won yep
okay
Mel Gibson played immortan joe chatted
what if I'm distracting he should not
have been in that movie will Gibson a
cameo would have been distracting yes it
was it was the correct decision not to
have him in the movie the ship with his
personal life aside and how people feel
about him I mean even if none of the the
the racism weirdo stuff happened it
still would have been distracting yes
that movie wasn't a movie that that
needed to winkin or not it was it was
hardcore brutality and and the fun wink
and the nod and the midst of hardcore
brutality gronkle it takes you out of
the heart it takes you out of the
hardcore brutality even if it's just for
a moment then you then you say to
yourself oh I am just watching a movie
and that is a thing I know from a
different movie I watched no fury road
is perfect just the way it is we should
all just instead of instead of thinking
about what could be we should just take
a moment and study how perfect it is
yeah
oh my god there is deep conversation
about art and the business of something
are you guys talking about art and video
games and being forced out of it or this
matter for art movies art movies in
cameo and art and how that would have
ruined art yeah you know it would have
it would have ruined the vision I
promise you to grab one of those
could've ruined the vision I think you
know as far as like art and video games
and art in movies it's all the same
thing which is the your you're gonna
find the the high art stuff in the
smaller things in the indie games and in
the smaller movies that's where you're
gonna find the real heart and ours and
our tourism and the thing we should all
be very grateful for is it is now
relatively easier for a small team to
make a video game to make a small video
game to make a small movie oh my god I
felt did not mean to jump
hello you live when you fall too and I
think that's a really great thing like
there you know if you want you could
learn how to make a video game and you
know make your vision and I think that's
great and I think at the same time
you know we're getting this kind of art
being sucked out of bigger video games
but that doesn't matter because we have
all the little stuff
but also I am fairly optimistic person
so I just believe in the power of love I
believe in a thing called love this
listen to the rhythm will be hard you
know I think you want you're you're not
you're probably not gonna find a lot of
high art and you know the new Call of
Duty tile or maybe you will play some
smaller games you're gonna get Deadeye
Kevin Spacey but the dead eyes
represented America turning a blind eye
to the war on terror
no the Dead Eye is just represented dead
eyes dead eyes that's right atomic Lich
we hear remind everyone that anyone can
make a movie even Schmucks like us can
make a movie Hey I didn't want to go too
high with with my with my singing I know
he sings falsetto but I'm not in a very
falsetto a kind of place right now okay
good
oh that one I believe anything go oh you
know what this is a good segue speaking
of art and stuff
speaking of art and stuff oh let me find
something pause for me finding something
long pause this is a long pause it's
true lenka Basinski does get his movies
distributed you can do anything anybody
can do anything the the thing is you
have to do it
you don't try you're not gonna fail but
you're never gonna succeed what's that
dumb quote you miss 100% of the shots
you don't take
yep where's this thing I've had this
thing sitting in my email forever now oh
hold on I'm gonna find it so when when I
did the when I did the the after-effects
stream I reached out to a couple people
to see if I could use their music and
one of the people that got back to me
was that chris christie dulu who made
the risk of rain soundtrack and he was
super cool and I just said hey can I
listen to your music while I do After
Effects and streaming on Twitch and he
said of course thanks for letting me
know and then he said here's a couple
download codes if anyone wants the both
the risk of rain and and hexadecimal
soundtrack okay it's nice and so what I
have here is some codes to download a
free risk of rain soundtrack so if
anyone would like the risk of rain and
hexadecimal soundtrack the first person
to type let's see here what's here we
have them type rich rikki-tikki-tavi
rikki-tikki-tavi
exactly rikki-tikki-tavi heavy one tabby
with a V oh I'm already said taffy oh my
god
rikki-tikki taffy so so some some taffy
is going to attack the Cobra that was
threatening the small boy and not a
mongoose called monkey tikki tavi yep
mr. shy smile
you get the first one rikki-tikki-tavi
hexadecimal was another album that he
did for a different video game and it's
very risk of rain eeeh I love them both
hold on mr. shy smile I'm going to send
you a message
I'm gonna send you a message with the
download code rich is gonna get in a hot
air balloon we should use the twitch
raffle thing to do giveaways like that
what's the Twitter raffle thing is it as
fun that's trivia and then typing things
first I don't know what the truth I
don't even know that's which raffle
thing is so then I then I double cans
okay
all right how do I get out of here
mr. try spam about to send you a message
how do I send people all yours I've
never like I've never used the twitch
message app you know
doudou didn't do i believe and i think
now i just have that song stuck in my
head is brain let's see here okay
un momento por favor
I'm doing something very exciting
if you say so
I am I kind of have to take your word
for it
I'm typing stuff in that doesn't sound
exciting well it's exciting it's
exciting to mr. shy smile who is about
to get a soundtrack the soundtrack a
risk of rain soundtrack which is quite
possibly my favourite video game
soundtrack of all time and the
hexadecimal one is pretty good as well
they they work well together watching
some Wheel episodes why do you allow
folks to up whispered to spin the wheel
so fast
thanks fly off because this tapes don't
stick on very well yeah in the first
place I don't know that it would matter
how hard you spin it yeah brother now I
haven't found a great way to fix them
mr. Gupta I do believe in a thing called
love cuz you don't you don't want them
on there permanently so you know yeah
like like hot glue you don't want do
that probably you know Michael would
also melts some of the lighter cardboard
boxes too mr. Schad smile make make sure
that the you got those codes I just sent
you it towards message also you know
what would be nice for the wheel is like
Plexiglas cases you know clear cases
that are permanently affixed to the
wheel that we could just pop tapes in
and out that way we wouldn't have to
worry about you know gluing anything to
the back of the tape or not what about
the clamshells thing well it has to be
big enough to fit the clamshells and
snug enough to fit the lower ones you
can't have that this climb sells so much
bigger than the little ones yeah but you
could you know like you could make it
like clamshell width and then the depth
you know just put something behind the
little ones to make it suck I think this
is a terrible idea when you spin the
wheel they little rattle around this
giant there's Plexiglas thing you want
to go possibly possibly
noise me or the clamshells in general is
the wait yeah you have to you have to be
very careful balance them with the other
types that's what mr. Phipps is saying
is you know whenever one hat whenever
one happens to fall off and then it's
unbalanced you know yeah yeah oh it's
upsetting to us here don't fly off that
often it's happened twice
you don't tired core doesn't like my
plexiglass box idea either hey Tara I
jack beloved yeah the friendless I
didn't do you know what to do it I spit
balling spit balling
but hey looks like that's fine no the
wheel is a the wheel is complicated
max isn't what what I don't know
alternatively just make copies of the
front covers remember I talked about the
dog food not being that bad to eat yeah
oh my god are you eating pee oh my god
you're eating maggots I don't know which
is worse
I hope you're hungry oh god we just ate
maggots out of an old decaying corpse Oh
God but we're gonna live yeah that's
true you know what guys this is not
actually this is actually not a bad idea
the only problem is so you know the the
idea that the chat is throwing out here
is so Oh what rich I felt you found that
was not a gentle thing okay great mr.
Schine smile got his soundtracks and so
I do have one more set of risk of rain
and hexadecimal soundtracks so rich yeah
first person to type in what what what
are you gonna say that I can then flock
in flummox oh god I don't I don't just
want me to come up with any random
things
yeah hey hey hey yo the first person to
type in heyo gets a risk of rain and
accident oh my god hey Oh trying to
chase a mouse you got me coming up with
things safe I can't come up with your
own damn thing to say okay there it is
Oh left nan Lee you are the first one to
type in hail so I will be sending you a
twitch message shortly
that rack got away jack oh you can step
on and eat the rats okay probably a bit
more appetizing than the human corpse
maggots
I mean maybe oh you know what you know
it's a nice touch there's little plastic
bottles blowing around in the
apocalyptic wasteland there it is
plastic plastic water bottle yep as
would be true yes as would be true Oh
zero left turn only zero you are the
winner you are the winner winner chicken
dinner
I am sending you codes in just a moment
and I've had these for weeks Chris sent
these to me when I asked him before I
did the aftereffect stream and I just I
got so into doing the after-effects that
I completely forgot and then I forgot
again and so I'm very sorry but I'm glad
I remembered it today
Chad asks does eating the maggots never
eating a human being
count as cannibalism nope only second
hand cannibalism no no no and it's
second hand cannibalism that's removed
enough Magus maggots are made from the
people living eating yeah but people
decay and the decay you know feeds the
plants and the wild animals eat the
pointer so isn't everything then second
hand cannibalism you sure I'm okay with
this no I think it's I think it's
removed enough I mean like probably some
blood and guts on the maggots that count
as cannibalism
okay and sent zero left turn only check
your twitch inbox for the codes nice and
enjoy enjoy
just fantastic especially like risk of
rain is one of the most fantastic
soundtracks to listen to it like
especially while working just cuz it's
so driving you know great great I'm glad
I remember to do that
did I ever play the game the darkness
read the comic book ain't based on a
comic book then the game got kind of
popular oh yeah yeah I've heard of the
game why have I heard of it
he's got mildly popular oh okay ten
years ten years back oh yeah yeah no
maybe not quite that long but a while
ago no you can't find my August 24th FTL
victory run archives anywhere I mean
it's should be on the YouTube page
should be on the bulletin new to Bajor
it's not I don't know it might just be
gone forever
it might just be gone forever but no I
can only assume it's on the YouTube page
everything goes on the YouTube page
doo-doo-doo-doo
oh that's a good do you remember
I don't remember either Dino spumoni has
a question about Mad Max lore yeah
was it the gas shortage that caused the
apocalypse or did the apocalypse cause
the gas shortage well the first movie
there's a gas gas shortage before there
appears to have been an apocalypse okay
the first movie it seems almost more
like a slowly dying Society probably
because of gas okay and then the second
one is what everything's like a desert
yeah so I'm assuming gas led to fallout
laughs oh yeah yeah okay that's funny
fighting over what was left is my
assumption hey pizza train biscuit is
doing great as it gets a little more
humid he's a very long hair cat he gets
knots in his furs very easily and so we
have to brush him almost every day that
sounds awful and it is we we get it you
buy a cat we get a cat size clump of
hair almost every single day or also
getting knots in his fur and be very
uncomfortable we get a cat because the
family wanted a cat
dreamer Takei says at the start of the
second movie they showed bombs and war
but those bombs and more might have been
fighting for gas yeah after the first
movie right cuz there's still like grass
and tones in Mad Max one man it's been
it's been way through long since I've
seen you did you see mad Max's house in
Mad Max one I mean it's very nice I
don't remember how I barely remember Mad
Max 1 they go to stay with like the
wife's mother and she's out in the
country and everything's a green know I
have not read ready player one which of
you what is ready player one they're
making a movie out of that aren't they
sounds familiar but I don't know what it
is I know that's a I've heard the name
before I know it's a good famous video
game movie but I don't know if it's a
like I don't even know if it's a fiction
or a nonfiction book so I've not read it
now it's not on any list of mom's a week
because I haven't
know nothing about it I'm just gonna say
it's not as good as the King Kong it's a
boy seven make me moving them I believe
they're making a movie out not as good
as the king of Qarth
yes I'm just saying that but no
knowledge of anything about the player
one thing I can't I can almost assuredly
say that it will not be as good as the
king of Khan as far as great video game
movies there there is not much of right
now better than the king of God it's a
sci-fi book
is like pixels
spielberg is doing it really huh how old
is Spielberg old enough I guess George
Miller gets to pop that max though oh
listen
Spielberg knows how to make a good movie
interesting no no I just kind of want to
see what this is we had this discussion
on the street before I mean when was the
last good Spielberg popcorn flick great
popcorn flick like he used to make so
you know obviously something like
Lincoln wouldn't I wouldn't even call
Saving Private Ryan at the excellent
action scenes
okay I'm cheating a little bit because
I'm looking up his democracy so what
would you say just off of the top of
your head that's the last good Spielberg
popcorn is it Jurassic Park do you have
to go that far back um you know the
Golden Age Spielberg popcorn flick your
does he want artsy for a while laughter
well then there was the TV other than he
had shit like Jurassic you come to yeah
I wouldn't call that a great popcorn
movie this is not what I would put as a
good popcorn flick but what's your
thought on Saving Private Ryan mmm
really really great movie but not
popcorn burger okay it's not not like
the fun and light Spielberg emotional
later sure and his family and they're in
danger but everything's fun and light
nobody really gets Orton yet here's his
actual last good popcorn flick and you
wouldn't think of it because you haven't
seen it okay Minority Report oh yeah
okay I haven't seen rich has not seen
Minority Report I think that's a good
movie I think that's a nice fun popcorn
be a great sci-fi popcorn emarketer I've
heard I've also had heard good things
about warhorse
the movie about the horse that goes to
war sounds stupid
that sounds very stupid yes I'm sure
it's very stupid but Minority Report is
really fun it's a really fun sci fi
movie I know I know you haven't seen it
but but I liked it as a popcorn flick I
think everybody likes my annoy report I
don't I don't think there's any
controversy with liking Minority Report
Sylas psychics who can predict crimes
fun movie that Minority Report how does
a horse hold a gun very carefully the
horse is a horse go it's a special horse
gun they stamp down to shoot well you
want like some kind of harness on the
back with the gun either on top or maybe
maybe pointing out the sides and then
would like the trigger being like a
thing that goes in the horse's mouth and
you can bite down to shoot that's how
you would make a horse gun yeah I like
it
or you just have a guy on the horse who
shoots the gun also that would work too
I mean you know there's two different
ways to do it cuz I wouldn't trust a
horse to aim a gun typically Oh Kyle the
Colin has seen the horse movie
hi Colin and Colin says it was really
good up until the ridiculously funny
ending the Horse of war movie okay I
would assume it would be sappy but
apparently rich they're saying to get
sand tires sand tires sand Tigers okay
do you not have sand tiger zone I maybe
I don't
get tired get better saying I I have I
have I have this what are the other ones
locked well you have two tires
yeah so you have free hoops there's
starting tires great oh yeah great deep
tread ease I got what I got
you have Oh were you talking about
Minority Report been ridiculously funny
at the end you need to be more specific
Talan when you're talking hi Ally shit
to watch only Palin has not seen the
world okay I haven't either
I haven't either I think I've heard of
it it's called War Horse it's about a
horse that goes to war yeah
together so you have like an internal
monologue no no it's like a it's like a
real movie it's like a serious movie
yeah
seem like an old like Civil War era two
horsemen horses were more involved in
war I'm sure I'm sure you know it's the
while the horse is prominent it more
follows the people around them ever seen
it right there drama it could be the
pulling like a babe kind of thing
I don't think save goes to warm I really
hope Spiro niggas a horse these areas
get out of here okay you're you're
baiting saying kingdom of Crystal Skull
we're good movies you that's you're
being sarcastic I don't like it how do
we feel about the Mad Max movies
releasing on Steam the movies on Steam
yeah I saw that that's stupid why would
I want to own a movie on Steam would you
want to own a movie on Steam I think
that's part of their their next wave you
know with big big picture and steam
machines hooking up to your TV yeah yeah
they're going for a whole entertainment
caboodle smart on their part
I got enough deer and I don't need to
lease a movie on Steam you know what I
am excited about is Amazon recently
announced the ability to for offline
viewing of their Amazon Prime TV shows
and movies
so for certain titles only select titles
right now more titles to come you can
actually you know download and watch
offline shit that's a sniper we're up
there the glowy thing or the circle
thing the him oh that's a guy and
apparently it didn't hit all right
fucking fuck it
yep get out of here I didn't even
register that's it nice so for anyone
who has my car has a sniper rifle by the
way because of course I haven't used it
much because I'm so worried about ammo
in this game which is a good thing
really you want to save those bullets
for when you really need them
how are people feel about this mad max
yeah no no I don't think much has been
said about it it kind of you know I
think if I were to describe this game to
someone you know it's it's very its
shadow of Mordor in the desert it really
doesn't feel like shadow yeah
what what about it makes you think of
shadow um oh no no I kind of aimless
okay yeah it's got that it definitely
has that and Batman combat well that's
that's that's like Batman not like
shadow of Mordor oh but they're both the
shadow of Mordor has that really kind of
excellent Nemesis system yeah this
doesn't have anything like that right
shadow of Mordor is a lot of stealth
this doesn't have any stealth mm-hmm
this has Kirk combat right that's fun
that looks fun
and this also has Mad Max right which
which means I give a shit about at least
one of the characters which is more than
I can say for shadow of Mordor where
they get all those characters can go
fuck themselves cuz they're all dull and
Lord of the Rings universe is just a dry
unsatisfying place except for Smeagol
yeah yeah but this is all I'm saying is
if I were to give someone a quick
synopsis and that person had heard a
shadow of Mordor that is not a name
correct thing to say that this is shadow
of Mordor in the desert it doesn't have
the two major things that shadow of
Mordor it hasn't you know that kind of
that kind of light and brisk stealth and
yes sorry we're just private yeah or the
Nemesis system pretty much is shadow of
Mordor
without without the Nemesis system is
nothing the the stealth the Nemesis
system are the are the icing on the cake
of the of the core gameplay mechanics
and this is the same cake but this these
ice things are car combat without
without that that icing you just have
Batman
you have open-world Batman open well
Batman Arkham City's open-world so you
just have Batman combat right in in in
in shadow of mordor's case and a very
bland unsatisfying environments not
but unless you're sorry wall while the
wall works and nothing works and some
rocks which unless you are super into
the Lord of the Rings lore and world in
which case you're gonna love it
where we were not but we are very much
into Mad Max yeah yeah and you can
describe this citizen land and doesn't
landscape but at least I think it's at
least it's supposed to be I don't think
that that Mordor let Lord of the Rings
landscapes are supposed to be dull and
uninspiring I don't know assume there
are kingdoms and villages and people in
that universe oh sure but I also assume
that if you're into the the lore you
know the difference between those
kingdoms you know like the different
areas there are more towns in this yeah
but so far everything's kinda looked the
same
yeah I would be more interested in
playing this just because I'm a fan of
Mad Max but I have a feeling that I
would be equally I would get equally as
bored there's something like this that I
did with shadow of Mordor I got saved
because of my sleeping issues I'm dead
tired if you want to take over yeah yeah
obviously over your fighter a good fight
your face I don't Gareth don't throw it
all in my face ain't nothing to me
finish this guy off
so do you have a man equivalent of a
shield attack or a cape attack
no no so you can only role I guess if
you want to expend a shotgun shell that
might do the trick
okay there you go
hold on rich of the best in the what
time do we start nine nine we'll give it
like 20 more minutes we can get an hour
that's fine well we're two hours in
already it's 11:00 yeah I want to make
try and make it to midnight
you guys okay we can make it to midnight
why did this guy say now fuck it hold on
cuz I've been having trouble sleeping
and I'm trying to get my sleeping
schedule back on track and I woke up at
4:00 a.m. this morning
six hours of sleep 4:00 a.m. yeah that's
terrible
how do I change controls what do you
want changed to invert look Oh probably
and sayings I would imagine there you go
switch yourself over Jack I don't even
notice yeah yeah it means nothing to me
anymore
not today not today rich
wait what happened six hours of sleep is
plenty yeah but in general I haven't
been getting much sleep I've I've been
having a lot of trouble getting to sleep
it's been kind of horrible I feel right
I might have gotten like four or two
hours of sleep the night before that the
day before that like I I was up all day
and part of the next day not been able
to sleep until now I want a good I just
want crash it's not time now I know it's
work time now pay time now play Mad Max
where am I going
I wanna I wanted to crash more filming
best the worst something that blue dot
oh wait no you gotta go somewhere else
drive to guts good gashes stronghold so
you got to find gut gash okay I can do
that I can only assume we and and and
his wife cut - oh why you've seen the
way they named these people is probably
what she's called that's true okay so my
car is the blue dot your no no your car
is the orange circle with a current it's
you're going the exact opposite way okay
now run hey-hey run is right trigger I
want to drop that that looks awesome I
don't know what it is but I had run his
right trigger okay here we go here we go
here we go now here we go here we go
here we go now okay
turn off my stupid flashlight I don't
want to be seen by anyone
have a flashlight d-pad left I don't
know if it matters if my flashlight is
on like to see I don't know that it does
either comes on automatically when you
get out of the car at night nage kind of
annoying you know unless it makes no
difference
well that's all I'm thinking is like if
like a someone drives by and sees my
flashlight yeah it's like what the fuck
might what the fuck you want Mike all
right enter vehicle oh I wanted that
weapon I'm sorry
they've been wanted picking up up and
spoke very improv-y taking one with you
all the time would be sure against their
wishes
I don't know well no that's the booster
stop stop it this is Jack's very first
time playing this game ever where am i
growing up in any way shape or form but
um hit these the mat button was just
like the select key back button on the
Xbox controller whatever the fuck it is
zoom out zoom out it said Green Dot is
where you going all the way over there
fuck yeah let's do this
and like and I attack it with the card
just by hitting other cars you get that
you can get a green line in the method
GPS I see it this way nope good try huh
we'll see we'll see if another one comes
along
jack is learning the drive stick he had
the drive stick in this game people
would be so pissed off nope nope nope
good job good job nope you're doing
great kid
you're doing great don't use the GPS
just go in that straight line you're
doing it the right way how do I say
fixie up on the d-pad you can't be
moving to fix it fix e you can't get out
of the car and look around if while he's
fixing it coop fixing it and and getting
in and out of the cars just like red
there's a little white only you get out
in and out wrong side of the car I know
it's great I know why you know I'm being
funny when I call that the wrong side of
the car I'm being funny maybe not
they don't see me he fix it okay okay so
uh this is a GPS thing how do i I've
heard some really great things about it
hit the a button
hey-up okay the guy behind you
okay here we go
whoever wrote this game yeah you're
using witness all wrong
they say witness me before they commit
suicide they don't just say witness me
all the time for the sake of saying
witness me just just so you know a guy
who wrote this also there's no spray
paint but I'm assuming they just didn't
want kids huffing I'm assuming that was
like a a ratings board thing but the
counter drugs okay oh there's a camp
I'm sorry shooting at you man and
there's a camp oh yeah you're near a cat
eye they probably have a sniper yep good
Matt oh they definitely have a sniper
out getting out I got a little girl my
god okay here we go here we go yeah this
is more fun that you play I'm picking it
up my brain my brain couldn't handle
this anymore if your brain can't handle
this then it can't handle munch whoa
like how the car feels like very loose
you know yeah it feels like exactly like
a an old junker in the desert should
feel oh fuck yes we Tramp nope nope nope
nope not going off this we Tramp you can
probably afford some car upgrades I am
if you want a history it just hit start
well show people like go over to garage
Oh
oh yeah that armor upgrade exhaust armor
oh I think you need to unlock that's
we're doing this mission to unlock armor
sended armor but you probably like it
like an engine throw an engine great up
on their speed what is the exhaust to
improve the exhaust system and piping
configuration increases perhaps me and I
think the engine gets you the top speed
faster boost can significantly increase
that obviously the nitrous repair repair
speed that could be fun Thunder poon
what improving the Thunder Boone will
make destroying ours because in life
structure is much easier I'm assuming
that's a weapon I haven't unlocked yet
yeah this logic the
under poun that's a great day okay what
do we got in here
so engine improving engine standard v6
converted v8 we got a new one the major
v6 do we want that you go ahead I don't
give a shit
sure great I earlier today I was playing
this game earlier today I I've been
taking my bike to work the space cap
card died yep
and I knew I needed to get the computer
to the studio today mm-hmm so it's like
I I know I asked Mike the other day I
like you know can you make me a ride to
work tonight you do that he said yeah
yeah and so you know I'm waiting for me
he said you know we'd be by around noon
to pick me up
you know noon comes to go some things
coming up it'll be three it'll
definitely be three though before after
a little after three you know three
rolls around four o'clock rolls around I
said Mike yeah Mike said some came out
my mouth coming in today yeah sorry
sorry bring in tomorrow so you know I
had to wait to Jack to pick me up and
then Jack couldn't get in any earlier
because you're you're mrs. mrs. Jack was
was busy mrs. Jack was go ahead and
watch the kids you know they're not
quite yet
old enough to be left at home alone but
like I had a whole day planned out of
all this crap I was gonna do with the
studio today but instead I was only
playing this I just put spikes on the
car oh my god
yep we have spikes huh and you guys I'm
tired I didn't remember why I started
telling that story I was leading to
something and it's all in one ear out
the other about me not having a hard to
get here
well you I thought the more was he's
been playing this all day yeah but why
was playing almost a important oh god I
don't know I was gonna talk about
something about this game no I don't
know what it was oh fuck it
I'm sorry fuck it all right I've just
weaponized myself we got it we got
spikes on the wheels and spikes on the
car we are now ready to fuck someone's
shit right up
see let's see who the first contender is
this one area
I'm glad you like my story chan I just
don't remember why I started telling it
I was I was I had a purpose in mind well
because of this Sam and I played this
all game because I played this all game
does that mean know about the little bit
but what's missing is the buildable that
part of the reason I started telling the
story it completely left my brain
oh yeah you know what that's pretty fun
pretty satisfying I'm gonna watch the
stream like after the fact see where I
was getting to before the story oh I
like that
thanks mate
I'll tell you the story of how I fell in
love well there's this girl I went to
high school with mm-hm and and we're
good friends and I I developed crush on
her hood I knew I'm rich Evans and she
would never feel the same way sorry is
kind of suppressed that didn't want to
ruin the friendship didn't want about it
being rejected and I held on that for a
long time and then she one day I said
fuck it I kissed her and she kissed me
back boom there you go there's a story
you know alright so it's a good story
thank you yeah yeah you've mustered up
the courage what does it pay XD
you can go fuck
actually right after a good day of my
grandma's funeral she went to my
grandma's funeral with me you know where
she worked in it yeah and she was like
consoling me after the funeral I almost
kissed her then that was almost my first
kiss everyone sweet yeah she would have
accepted it she told me yeah what I
would've been fine
it would have been sweet but then like
there always would have been that onus
hanging over you you know like what was
that it feel sorry for me kiss that
could have taken the relationship in
very different direction then happened
so whatever exactly fucking truck you're
so fucking mine
right
go go Karen be coming back to hang with
us
I shall shoot me run from time to time I
mean yes her work schedules weird where
did that go
what happened what did you do I saw a
thing a scrap fly off of it
sometimes the icon for it doesn't show
up until you're near it no and if you've
been driving around you could you just
lost track I should be right around here
as a that that orange square near you on
the map I mean that's a whole area you
can loop oh there it is uh data is no I
want to go uh you know we're gonna do
the mission here yeah scrap scrap scrap
scrap scrapping it up
my health is low how do I do that
where do we just say fucking
who snipers human
keep moving okay
this is pretty fun driving yeah this is
what shadow of mordor does not have yes
you know you know what might have made
the difference in the shadow of mordor
horse maybe this is just me just shadow
of mordor the world feels absolutely
dead throw out a fucking town even if
there's no purpose to it well this give
me a town of people to hang out and give
me some more visuals than just the
best-loved wasteland of course there was
just there I think there was just too
many works and not a big enough world he
just ran into orcs too often it's a big
world they just feel small because it's
the same shit over and over right
this is huge this this world is fucking
huge
after playing grand theft auto san
andreas no game world feels huge to me
anymore yeah yeah well you know maybe
maybe maybe san andreas wasn't really
bigger than this but they managed to
design it so at least feels better than
there I mean 3 3 cities the countryside
deserts san andreas feels like a fucking
state fucking my little little podunk
towns that serve no function other than
to make the world feel bigger yep Wow
you dick San Andreas is still the most
brilliant open-world in the grabbed
officers vibe was good but san andreas
just brilliant fucking brilliant
yeah I really like Santa Chris
Vegas San Francisco LA deserts oceans
forests hick towns different-looking
police based on what town you're in
different radio stations based on what
area you're in yeah
how's a great game san andreas was a
great game fix my car monkey Oh
Hunchback monkey oh yeah that's what he
is he's my hunch monkey we haven't been
paying much attention to the story I
think my problem with the Hunchback
character ah is is the relationship he
has with Max is too friendly what do you
mean when Max is kind of using him
because he wants a car yeah but I mean
like I think of like the gyrocopter
pilot from world warrior okay I mean
he's basically Max's hostage in that
movie but what this guy is all fairly
chummy like max if Jimmy to him was so
follow us so actually I think max just
wants the car wants a faster car this
guy's a good mechanic
sure but the Hunchback views you as some
kind of Saint
Messiah character
- Chum Bucket Chum Bucket

[Part III]
It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad Mad Max (Part 3)
September 2, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YABEHcG2wzI

Oh could forget that whimpering and the
devious suckling face oh look at this
guy he's a crazy Oh dead a dozen times
if you do boy we've come to deal sorry
guys
cutscene I like that I enjoy people
praying to car gods
I think it's wonderfully ridiculous
hands of a black finger yes
sorry there's no one chance for me
thanks thanks me thanks Pete
you can get Mad Max not rageous hermit
beard by the way okay yeah yeah I mean
so we definitely should yeah there are
various stages of hair oh you're Smeagol
I don't want to be in here
what's wrong with there good do shit and
fight people jump in the car all right
sorry Smeagol let's go oh maybe there's
something I got to do in here I'll
follow the green dot or something you
gonna fight people you don't want to
drove here not me I thought I thought I
was gonna replace to fight people I
thought I was going to another gang
hideout I'm sorry this isn't fighting
people I get the door well we'll find a
gang hideout it'll be fine it'll be fine
fine we'll punch people
Chet Red Dead Redemption is a pretty
damn good open world I'm still gonna say
it's the second best because kind of
like this most of it is just open area
and you know it's great for what it is
it makes you feel like you're in the
Wild West that's a great thing but I
mean when you consider how much shit is
jam-packed into the san andreas map the
detail they put into that amazing yeah
welding where oh you use the garage to
install the final upgrade for the jack
I got the welding wire Oh
go to the garage hit start menu oh oh I
thought I was like I'm not no no no hit
X that's the and go to the the back back
hit a right this one yeah and then go to
the red thing and you're gonna upgrade
that baby bars baby bars what a baby
bars all right great
Beck I know it's good to flug out of
here
come on Smee go
so now that's kind of like a base that
we can use yeah thanks
my car's a lot of spikes
I think it's hurting me more than
is anyone even in that car check I'm I'm
not talking about the relative merits to
the story in San Andreas for grand theft
auto 5 or any of those we're just
talking about the open world itself and
I will put San Andreas as open world
over grand theft auto 5
it's card handles like ass and that's
not saying Grand Theft Auto five map is
back that's not saying that I'm sure
people are gonna twist my word
what that's ass okay it handles like
absolute ass well I'm sorry but it feels
pretty sorry that you jumped out of your
supercar that your building and into a
random a random mooks car and you're not
happy with the way it handles I'm sorry
yeah that's great he's pretty strong now
so
so feeling good about that whoa
different frying san andreas is pure
nostalgia I'm Iron Man two opinion a
double opinion gameplay is so bad in
comparison again talking about the map
so I got about the map oh wow wow wow
fucked over I had spikes yeah you think
I should've hurt that guy yeah I do
think they should have heard that guy I
guess they might have
and so I like I eased him up in that car
now I can finish him off in my car no
that's that guy
I never got now I can set for fucking
I'm up for realsies
obviously record live do you think the
Queen of England has ever sucked dick
this is something you often think about
her collecting data do you do you have
like a fetish for for elderly royalty
you know what I think that's a fair
question I think I think the proper
answer is it it doesn't matter she's
never sucked a dick and if she did good
for her or good for him
no both will hold yeah yeah hopefully
she did it in some sort of loving
relationship and it was reciprocated
with royal cunnilingus if it wasn't good
for one of them whichever one it was
it's kind of depressing yeah
agree what a strange thing to think
about
oh you're not getting away or maybe you
are oh maybe you're getting away
you might be getting away whoa fuck yep
you're good no I hid her body repair
nope repair repair the older Grand Theft
Auto games had the shittiest plane
controls yeah but who ever played Grand
Theft Auto for the place the planes were
a font we're joke there they're an extra
there are nice planes in Grand Theft
Auto are an extra yes like I thought the
fighter jet handled pretty well in San
Andreas I was indeed ship the jet pack
remember the jet pack okay that was one
of those little details that the senator
has had that was fun
again novelty yeah
I gotta go find out it's crap that I
left behind
Keeney monkey
the craving that ever suck a dick what a
strange trip I know it's just it's on my
brain now and it's like I find it for
curse or something jack ah okay what
time again I have no idea great
can't see a clock because the game's
full screen actually say that I have a
cell phone
that's left lemon yeah I got it
I think the energy transfer coming up a
little bit excellent
whoa that's neat that's neat Oh
oh look he killed his teammate thank you
that's really funny can I take that
scrap way to scrap it Oh daddy's dead a
scrap bet that scrap you don't get much
scrap for killing cars I think it varies
that was like six and seven it was
nothing got him 22 it still may be once
the ones that I knew the one I said
earlier like I wish I could what we
first started yeah but I couldn't get
because I was dry from the buggy yeah
those netted me around like 600 oh so oh
the caravan no nose is the special scrap
car drives now just got like a bunch of
junk pal the back of the car you grab
the whole car or hijack the whole car
take it back to the base
I'm with it how do you feel whether B P
B then B again - yes you can yank
smaller faster if you want to move like
a large thing you just have to like just
hit the gas in the car pull it here yeah
the harpoon is great
you should be using it more I didn't
know how much scrap you have
start baby oh just 180 yeah I spent it
all on spikes oh okay
eleven learned live and learn
well you gave you gave me the F great
options I don't think it's not guys wait
some live and learn I didn't say Jack
your soup but I said live and learn live
and learn
don't give Jack the upgrade options you
didn't know I fix it up does he just
automatically fix it soon yeah that's
great
yeah that's great
I wanted to talk about a little bit my
binding of issac play yep which has now
reached endgame point
I've now beaten all parts of the binding
of issac on hard with all of the
characters I have online okay every
single part boss ref is everything so
it's like there's there's um that game's
got some some staying par with you oh
Jesus grace yeah it really does and so
but now I'm getting to the point
now I'm at a point of the game where it
starts to get a little ridiculous how
you gonna feel if right before you 100%
it
they released like a DLC with words a
new one is coming out by the way after
birth like a deal suit like an honours
is a whole new thing
it's add-on it's all add-on material and
it's yet it's it's going to mean that as
soon as I hundred and ten percent the
game it's going to have more content
so are you like rushing to get the
hundred ten percent beforehand I would
like to have it all done before
afterbirth comes out yeah how long you
got a while I actually don't think it's
coming out next year
oh I of course I'm paying attention to
the development but so there there's one
character I don't have unlocked it and
his name is the lost and the lost
I can only get hit once and so you have
to beat everything on the laws without
getting hit it's a terrible terrible
character but in order to hundred and
ten percent the game you need to you
know defeat everything has the lost but
in order to unlock the lost you need to
do a series of ridiculous very specific
things so like and I don't know the
exact combination I need to look it up
but you need to die as Isaac on the
certain level and then play as a
different character on another level
and then play
and then play and die is a different
character in a different level in a very
specific way
like as Isaac you need to die to a
specific enemy you know yeah and then
the next character you need to go on to
a specific level and follow yourself to
death how would you ever know this is
there any hint there is it you can find
it out all in-game but even the way you
find it out in a game is a little
ridiculous as long as there are as long
as there is a logical way to get there
that's fine
logical I don't know I don't know if
it's logical but there is an in-game way
to find out all of these things but it's
even that is borderline ridiculous
this is kind of who I can drop my oh oh
shit sorry dude sorry about that I
haven't I haven't played around with it
but I think if you're driving that
factions car you might be able to get
like close to their base area without
hurting things
Stu 91 asked earlier do you prefer the
original binding of issac or rebirth
I prefer rebirth only because rebirth
means that I get to play it on my Vita
and I love playing it on my Vita and
that's where 99% of my playing of it has
been and so yeah if it weren't for the
Vita would they be but equal or what do
you mean Vita aside which - oh sure I
still prefer rebirth just it's it's a
lot smoother it was a super pain in the
ass to get the game to run with a
controller on Steam you know it had a
ton of glitches they spent a lot of time
making rebirth the game that Binding of
Isaac was supposed to be in the first
place yeah
are there people on the road who are
enemies in this game yes but not very
many of them oh I can't I mean yeah I've
just been kind of indiscriminately every
now and then you'll see people who like
dying of thirst you can choose whether
or not to give them water oh really yeah
so far they haven't given me anything
either which is funny the kindness of my
own heart you're waiting for that FTL I
don't even know what I don't need it
because like I said in games I like
playing the hero that's not really mad
Maxie Mad Max wouldn't give water to
anybody if I were role-playing it I
wouldn't give a shit he would be
grudgingly give water
who really needed it more than he did
but in in general in games I find
rescuing NPCs to be its own world yes
some fucking goody-goody sucking shit
it's okay to be a goody-goody
and jump there's a thing up here
what's up here what's up here
does it have any impact if you don't
give them water I have no idea actually
no that's not sure the first time I ran
across one of these people I didn't have
any water to give I was out I don't know
nothing anything happened where's the
thing what thing there's a yellow thing
Oh in this area in general there are
things dilute No so summer this is there
usually not this barren this is weird I
wonder if there's something under here
yeah like if there's a cave or something
yeah this is too weird usually an area
in areas with that that's square that
icon there's like some kinda
fortifications or building or ruins or
something sure to loot it's never been
nothing before but you have to hold it
down if you want to replenish more yeah
I just made it okay just need a little
sip II just need a it's okay
Gangotri says I save NPCs that's why I
don't donate to charities only only
in-game charities where there's a
possibility of great rewards given that
the only really the only reason I ever
give NPCs water or help them out anyway
is thinking that there's some sort of
being game benefit that's yeah that's
horrible I play I play the game I play
the game rich I'm looking I'm looking
for that like you know you get you give
it to ten of them and they say yes you
have proved your worth have this shotgun
upgrade means nothing to you when the
guy in the game pleads please save my
wife please and then you go save the
wife when you know they get to be
reunited does not does nothing for you
fucking someone drew that yeah like that
yeah all art is is somebody drew that
yeah stories it's fiction fictional
stories you've met you're low on health
you need some Megas there you know eat
the maggots
hmm I'm eating melons here this is how
my little shit I give about the peasants
asking for water I'm eating maggots they
can eat maggots - oh God we got scrap
whoo nice scrap oh we got some scrap now
like 300 scrap
like this dune buggy
I'm driving it really well tea
have you guys seen how minecraft crater
notch is breaking down on Twitter these
days I I haven't heard about Twitter
breakdowns I've heard after selling
minecraft for two billion dollars he's
very sad and lonely I'll take his money
and he can be poor and happy I just want
I want notch I want you to know that
offers on the table buddy I'll take all
of your money I'll take as much as you
want to give me hmm I mean if not a few
bucks for lunch okay
I could I could give two shits here's
here's the wonderful thing what's that
here's the wonderful thing about like
Twitter or any of that is like you don't
week burn trek it's like you don't need
to watch any of that or listen to any of
it you don't need to follow anybody
turn it off who cares if he's freaking
out on Twitter or something made
minecraft good for him think you'd feel
lonely when you build like a giant empty
house you know
no it didn't hear about him feeling
lonely didn't hear about Twitter
meltdowns whatever the fuck he's doing I
don't give a fuck
hold giant parties full of people who
don't know you just know you as the guy
who made the game and who has money and
you shocked you don't have any real
friends
have you doing some wrong I'm sure he
could give two shits it's gonna money I
just want to throw up when you're rich
people complaining about big to rich
where did you hear this that he's
complaining I read like an article of
this okay I don't care that notch has
been very unhappy since he's sold
minecraft for two billion dollars don't
care even a little bit I see a ramp I'm
gonna go off a sweet Ram
like I don't want to go by those
windmills are those anything
rich hmm those windmills anything what
wouldn't else find me
well I can see that yeah behind you yeah
I've given you that thing you're talking
about which is behind the screen that
I'm looking at I've not done anything
with the window yet so I don't know
okay I'm gonna no one knows those things
oh yeah I have no idea
I never seen those before great that's
what I'm gone then guys a little burnt
out so let's hope I can do it without
the car
whoo whoo I know but here's he's the
only literally the only thing I have to
say about Minecraft his children love it
and I've been trying to keep my kids
away from it for as long as humanly
possible because I know it will take
over their lives
it's like Lego but a video game it's
like Lego but a video it's like Lego
it's like unlimited Legos cuz like Legos
you need more of them to build shit
right but in a video game you just you
do there already and my my seven year
old is filing to the point where he
understood like his friends play
minecraft and like he gets it like he
wants minecraft and I'm like okay I'll
wait till it goes in say Ellen you know
find me to find one they don't make it
for a Wii U which I found find strange
nobody oh yeah you're right nobody likes
a week but if it was on a further Wii U
I think I'd be more apt to buy it rich
are you happy no because I'm poor
oh there's the thing
probably can't take them out but we're
gonna try it yeah it's fun oh not in
that car with with three wheels do I
only have three wheels that's why I'm
sliding all over the place
technically you have three wheels and a
rim oh okay well that's good enough you
know you shoot out the flare and get
hunchback to drive your car over oh yeah
get out of this hunk of junk being rich
doesn't make you happy but being rich
Evans makes you Snuggie that I'm sure
being rich doesn't make you happy but
I'm sure I think it makes you unhappy
either and being poor can certainly make
you unhappy so I think your odds are
better if you're rich of being happy
yeah I think being rich I can rid you of
a lot of tiny nuisances stress yeah am I
gonna get kicked out on the street this
month because I can't make rent rich
people never have that that discussion
in their own head
no wait so they can sniper see me what
if I jump which one of my which one of
my bills can I afford to pay this month
right there not a conversation the rich
person has unless they're just being
cheap there's a reason that they're rich
exactly
so the snipers don't like automatically
see you but it just means like from from
there they can see me
no mr. shy smile I did not hear about or
know about the the Eurogamer article
about the cancelled thief reboot curious
to hear about it it's a series that
probably should never have been rebooted
just let it lie let it lie it's all we
got last time
we need gas
and there's the thing
I thought of this thing this looks like
a nice thing yeah Chad if you're if your
biggest worry in life is how you can
afford your next payment you don't have
problems you can also take on taking
down the snipers usually faster what
three games are you guys excited for
XCOM - Jenna I know got delayed mmm
that's why I don't get myself hyped up
for shit because this is gonna be 17
delays and who knows maybe a
cancellation or two a game and then get
on the trolley
I like that maybe a cancellation or two
what else is coming object this is
coming on I was curious I don't know if
I'd say excited I was curious about this
and it is slightly better than my
expectations so I'm happy with it now
is it bothersome that I just don't even
know what's coming out well I mean the
big things just did right so we're kind
of we're kind of past that hump is the
thing I'm upset that Metal Gear Solid 5
came out because now all everyone is
gonna be talking about it Metal Gear
Solid 5 and
just don't care about that up here I I'm
curious about the gameplay yeah I mean I
like I like stealth I just I hate metal
gears fucking story usually this might
be a rare thing where rich Evans is
skipping all the cutscenes when he can
or at least bitching about them well
we'll see cuz I like I like stealth I
like tactics when you when you look at
the gameplay the Metal Gear Solid series
is all shit I should love but then then
you just wrap it up and utter nonsense
and I just want to throw up
it's it feels to me it's like wasted
opportunity as a Metal Gear that's what
I think of yeah but if we're just
talking about shit I'm actually excited
about or at least interested in the new
doom I'm at least curious about it
I mean visually I had some critiques
that doesn't mean I'm completely writing
off the game was awful
what about Barclay game what's the
what's the new Barclay
what's the Barclay game shut up and jam
Gaiden shut up and jam Gaiden - that
looks pretty awesome I know nothing then
the first one was weird
the first one's weird and then they
kick-started the second one and they
were playing it at PAX and didn't they
have to change the name because they
didn't want to deal as I just shut up in
Jam gaiden they take that Barkley out of
it because there were there were issues
with with Charles Barkley oh I mean I'm
sure I'm very sure looks exciting in any
case looks very funny
unique I mean fallout Olympic I never
played any of the other ones really so
it's hard to be excited about that yeah
I think fallout is a game that you would
love maybe I was shocked that you never
played any of the other ones I avoided
role-playing games for many years
because I absolutely hate turn-based
JRPG combat that much it soured
it's our doll RPGs for me for like 25
years
really yeah thinking thinking like like
shit like Dragon's quest was so fucking
miserable
utterly fucking miserable random tedious
interruptions to a subpar story oh yeah
look at this little guy there's one one
time I gave Jericho Jude's chance
yeah after like later in my fight some
old SNES game I forgot I forgot what it
was even called but the story of this
guy and his childhood friend girl were
going on this grand adventure and they
know that really need characterization
going on between each other and then
there was like a chapter break and
you're your character married like the
vapid blonde bimbo between chapters and
I'll fuck this
this is not the right place anyway how
about faction am I
oh you having trouble getting in the
gates yeah okay that's a strong gate you
need to blow it up with a gas can
oh no well I think I'm trying to figure
out what what like bad guy group I
belong to so I can try to sneak into a
place you know saying okay um I don't I
find out like what car this one belongs
to if I get out Oh tell me if I look at
it no oh there go it's a car with the
thing so not this one
so that has the guy with the flames on
his head this has a car and across a
moment okay okay
they're trying to figure out the game
rules alpha I am NOT playing this on a
console because I am NOT a console
peasant this is being played on my my
high-end gaming machine which is my via
Steam smooth as butter graphics we
what's that that looks like a fun place
to go let's go over there
you have fun jack
I am in who have fun that's all that
matters oh those water people you want
it you want it friendly NPCs there you
go
should I punch him in the face you get
tribe I never tried
I'll give him water and then punch him
in the face you're out of bullets I'd
say shotgun them tight and give us some
water run them over with your car unless
they give me something if they don't
give me something useful where oh you
know what they do they put markers on
your map how do you know this that
that's the only thing that makes sense
she said you might find something useful
there oh okay I bet I'll bet that's the
reward all right
yeah hey baby okay I bet I bet that's
what it so you gave me something so I
won't kill you okay just be careful not
to accidentally run them over on your
way out of there and you're the roadkill
faction this is as undetected my rule
Jack oh no I'm so sorry
I'm sorry I distracted you if I've
mentioning my faction your car was I
just killed one of them I think I think
you should head back over there and
apologize I really I was kind of rude
okay that's yeah you're hey guys
guys seriously super sorry where are you
guys oh that's creepy
they're like ghosts I've seen them
hanging around forever too so that's
just weird like those that's right maybe
you drove at the wrong spot
or maybe there goes that one weird white
icon with the two black dots yeah you
can get maximum upgrades get out of
there I think I can get up these rocks
yeah
it is it is what's going on here with
all the creepy little drawings joke
that kind I love the creepy little drugs
hey donut says you're doing them a favor
one less person to feed and they can
feed off his corpse oh there you go
I helped drive a car across the plains
of silence in the car people trusted so
fucking mad max why was reading the chat
where you say do you trust a car more
than any man okay so what do we want to
do here right uh whatever I'll give a
fight you say that and then I'm gonna
choose the wrong thing I'll probably
start from scratch next time I play this
anyway because I'm gonna get distracted
by metal gear oh yeah yeah okay let's
see here more scrap when looting very
helpful max ability required more water
from water sources usually token to
increase Max's legend level you increase
that just by playing anyway it seems
useless to me to upgrade that but what's
legend level Frankie you're breaking up
oh well ranking up does add more slots
around that circle to upgrade but she
need like you need like ten rank ups
before you get another slot so more
damage when using a melee weapon yeah
you know yeah fuck it he's he's
upgrading the dumbest thing you can
upgrade him just I promote I'm pointing
that out I'm upgrading resistant that's
these basically that's like super
resistant yeah but also like look I have
so many points I have 11 points I know I
know
just fuckin upgrade everything I'm just
being an asshole
it's gonna be honest yeah just one of
everything yeah oh this one this one
great this one this one look like I have
so many points this is actually almost a
little ridiculous how many the gasping
there is car gas in this game you car
can't run a gas I know I've noticed all
right there we go there you go they
didn't seem to give you a fairly
generous amount but just the fact that
you can is neat yeah so I just went on a
Vision Quest something like that
you saw a weird circle thing I saw a
series of circles I like that that's the
the the upgrade menu is just a
hallucination Sara I never actually done
that what where the upgrade thing was a
hallucination does that ever happen like
a Vision Quest I'm sure I'm sure
but none that come to mind but also I'm
bad at thinking about things you know
who's good at thinking about things the
chat yeah it's pretty good at thinking
about things
that's how you
Soho wires a roadkill faction where am I
like over here there's water
blue
Rach what where am I oh I'm this blue
down you're that arrow near the top oh
shit
okay where is a roadkill faction does it
see that the thing looks like an oil rig
tower tree you're right right right up
just say who oil pump camp okay I think
those are all scrotus okay I want to
find how do we know like whose faction
is do I played this game for rich why
don't you know if I don't know 10 hours
most of it just fucking around though so
I don't know Thanks why don't you know
things okay fucking around
let's go to those things and see if we
can get to that bridge in the distance
I'll solo this whole area is basically
just sent right out
ocean or sea or something yeah all these
boats bridges
I'm not doing very well so I have any Oh
I seem to have gotten thing okay great
all right let's go to that bridge let's
see if we can get to that bridge that's
oh fuck you
I'm trying to piece of shit jack damn
the car was out of gas this has gas
oh is that what happened Oh some in the
car I got cast in the trunk oh okay we
can show people refueling that's the
thing I'm gonna go to the bridge all
right let's see what's over here kind of
fun around the little big hey you some
of the car I'll try to show you
refueling but then you'll accidentally
light the gas can on fire and blow
something up then I'll have a good laugh
you know I'd like to disagree with you
but it's probably true I'm sure you can
handle filling the crowd with us I do it
I'm being I'm being an asshole
for comedy purposes I'm even asking I
want to make that clear
well
lay off camp
convoy
hi
what what happened you just jumped out
of the car sure did
I sure did rich so you're gonna try and
fill your car up in the middle of this
huge fight yeah I guess I'm just I got
some gas
you find that convoy really good yeah
you see the the map of the the dashes
yeah that's the path okay yeah oh there
is yeah I got some guests jubilance
let's see if I can take down a convoy
the answer is probably not well we're
gonna try leftovers beefcake says you're
not supposed to hit the other car with
your face maybe you're not playing it
right leftover beefcake get attacked
caught with something
as their - dick punching in these mad
max seems to be more fond of shoving in
somebody's face with his fists
Jeff shotgun bullets probably not that
lead car lipstick has got a whole trunk
full of gas cans left and right the
d-pad will switch out whether you can
switch like the harpoon of the shotgun
or blow up I'm fine either way
oh you are so fucked not yet oh the
Cowboys weren't arresting driving away
you're you're lucky you're lucky jack I
said I think this guy wants blood oh my
god see you sucker he got out to fight
me that's stupid you do not have any
shotgun shells that's fine okay hit him
with this car I got there it is there's
the convoy all right all right take out
the convoy oh fuck what the fuck was
that
somebody's sniping you from distance I
think you fucking asshole be hardened
self-aware because snipers have
amazingly good range phantom he's dying
my car we're gonna have the end with the
cars you don't got the grappling foot in
that thing
he's placement straight up that goddamn
ramp Jack don't fall off the edge oh my
god oh my god well listen I'm down a
tire thanks to the SAS I'm just going to
assume you did them to be funny
nope oh my god oh my god really hard to
maneuver this thing and now it has
gotten slightly harder slow steady
you're helping us down slow and steady
drop that hull dragon snipers love you
slow down I think steady I can do this
rich no sniper ever said oh my god he's
not moving very fast I'm only good at
hitting him when they're moving fast I
don't know it's like a knuckle ball when
they slow down I just can't focus
oh my god oh my god
right I'm missing tiny I did everyone
the chat is saying mediocre is the same
time oh sorry Josh shiny and chrome
shiny shiny and chrome hey I think
you're dusty dusty and dusty oh no well
I got to the other side won't get the
other tires blown up easily she'll drive
straight in all rims how I can totally
do this I have at least hope I have at
least one or two more goes before he
blows up my car
okay here we go oh my god he's gonna do
a music it's a blatant ramp that's
blatant rock it's like a plane missing
the runway strip I know
okay oh my god fine
okay here we go
you need to find some maggots need to
find some maggots please eat something
you're almost dead boy
oh my god oh my god shiny improve shiny
and oh no no no I can't believe this is
this is a bit
this is officially become a bit I don't
believe you missed that on a car with
four good tires they don't believe the
very narrow room I I don't even know
what to say how do you drew yeah yeah
shiny check check what is wrong with you
I overcompensated like what I got I was
doing I was making I was making it rich
and then I got I got nervous because I
was making it and I was gonna do it if
you fail again I am 100% sure it's
better right now I'm like 95% sure
you're doing a bit yeah yeah it's a bit
that's officially a bet you do it then
throw me that fucking okay you see how
it's not a bit this is harder than it
looks
this is totally not a bit this is harder
than it looks
damn did you get that lowered got him we
got him like right away yeah I got a
right away I didn't do such a good job
out of the sky off my car yeah I think
he stopped Mike he's dead oh there you
go nice explode
mediocre I know lots of fast cars
oh my god I'm surprised I survived that
get off the sand
oh my god
wait till he gets out of his car this
guy they don't always get out of the car
jack
oh god you got me worse this was wrong
that's what's horribly wrong right now
that's exactly what's wrong my room no
wait wait go back
did you see it you have to click on it
then click to know and then click on it
again that was terrible
that was terribly funny terribly
terribly funny
what great all right what are you doing
that I'm looking for them oh yeah
subscribe my desktop ISA bitch
okay thank those subs we will Tiberius
I'm trying to get back the fucking
desktop this game just does not wanna
wait right here we go
where did we leave off did you gobble
the nukes
how much starting schools what the hell
why that gobbledygook hell can't striker
okay at strike our danger peanut the
digipan
Dixon Uranus Punk
enshu punkin jus lichen stew 91 in under
the surge ax e yeah hey yeah yeah our
Mills three are zooming has some kind of
lead speakers this was like an ER or
Dean Miller kind of like a fancy Miller
Miller maybe whatever whatever it's fine
Oh horrible glory and keys 87 kzz CFL
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it when sts no subscripts
y'all they kinda know they're really
appreciate you know
