Apr 29, 2015
Crypt of the Necrodancer, Master of Orion II: Battle of Antares
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5097988, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdwOFmitXqY
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5098709, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfiC3nEx3tE
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5100531, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65ipvkOIe4k
2:56pm: "Half & a Hack tonight. Rich is playing PS3 games including Shadow of the Colossus. Jack calls at 8:30, Rich might start earlier." (archive.vn/2lRmO)
8:54pm: "Crypt of the Necrodancer - Half & a Hack NOW" (archive.vn/7XtX8)

[Part I]
in case there are horrible echoes /
delays I'm about to listen to the stream
and if it sounds really terrible I'm
gonna hang up and this will become a
rich solo stream but I'll still be in
the chaps and if it sounds acceptable
then we'll keep going that's kind of
that's the plan and listen to us now
yeah by the way this is becoming a rich
solo stream is it that bad it's I think
you're exaggerating
check take take a vote chat is is the
echo acceptable level would you rather
have a relatively quiet rich solo stream
or would you rather have rich and Jack
with echo what is preferred the echo I
can only imagine will get incredibly
frustrating it isn't bad exaggerating
what are you talking about this is
terrible
we'll deal with the echo echo we'll deal
with the echo Jack we're gonna deal with
the echo we're gonna deal with the echo
oh my god you guys this echo is terrible
I know you all say it's fine with the
echo I don't I don't know if I'm fine
with the echo it's up to you Jack I
can't I can't I just have I switched off
my targeting computer no I have not
switched off my targeting computer
that's my problem
I don't I mean rich if you could hear
the stream right now it's yeah I heard
the preview I made and then it was
noticeable but it wasn't it wasn't the
worst yet but now saying ever pay
attention to a conversation that we're
having and then you know two seconds
after I say everything or call for booth
but it's a very quiet Rover Rover roof I
think it's too much I don't know you can
you can you can quit any time jack I
could I could
you could just say something like
everyone sure oh they say it's barely
audible now what does that mean
did you change anything did you change
anything no I did not change anything
all right yeah I'll just you know what
I'll just try to refrain from talking so
much what happens I mean if you got
other things to do it's not it's not my
headphone screw I'm wearing earbuds so
it's definitely not my headphones and we
tried turning down the volume of Rich's
headphones and that didn't seem to work
and we also tried configuring the
outputs for his headphones and the
inputs on OBS and none of that seemed to
work but you get nice they're saying the
game music is covering the echo now so
we'll just listen you guys you guys have
asked for it you guys have asked for
this and so this is just what's gonna
happen why not you know why not
clem a Fandango thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
there's one other but I'll check our a
new special program maybe I'm too grave
cake that's great I did you know what
because it's not in front of me I forgot
about it so that's that's a good on you
rich yeah if you want to catch them as
they con to we can do both great
otherwise they're we're talking it's
fine
everything's fine everything's fine all
the time
just what he chose the sword yeah
sure sure I was farting around the
internet a little bit today looking for
some assets because I'm editing our next
couple of episodes for prereq and I on a
whim I ended up on Wikipedia and I
decided to look into what Suicide Squad
was because none of us knew and here's
the thing it sounds like a really cool
premise basically to be certain
criminals are deemed expendable assets
by the US government and are used on
black ops missions okay and so it's just
this group of inmates you know Harlequin
Deadshot or whatever his name is and the
Joker and stuff like that and they're
all used on on secret op missions as
expendable agents to kill people or do
stuff or whatever right and it was
actually made partially as a joke as a
an excuse of why they get out of Arkham
Asylum so often they're broken out by
the US government to do a mission and
then they just continue their life of
crime yeah so that's finite now I'm
officially down with the premise of
Suicide Squad I don't know you know that
says nothing about the movie or the
comics but I dig the premise
so anyway we are playing crypt of the
necrodancer which if you don't know it
is it is now done it's no longer in
early access so we might actually see it
we'd better see an ending of the game
tonight I've already done it once you
are I'm a necro pro
you are indeed rich I'm excited I I have
not played it since the full release
came out look at look at all of the
extra tiles they edit like look at that
cross what not the vines
that's all Newberry I don't want oh oh
yeah yeah that's nice no I already see
some new items oh sorry the items I'm
familiar how could you speak as you
haven't played in a while left in my
office I know
oh no not your stupid cat my great cat
who you're not allergic to your stupid
cat can you can't do math my cat what I
can't because not to kill you does that
count
I could I could I could in theory I
could choke while eating your cat so
your cat could kill me it's not very
likely tootin you know what rich Touche
you're right got to think outside the
box - you're absolutely 100% right yeah
and I think it's great the so that yeah
crypt of the necrodancer got a full
release
invisible ink is getting a full release
soon and of faith and a DLC pack
blood-borne got an update think you know
things are happening quite thankful and
most likely going to happen yellow start
to give us an excuse to to play these
games again I can't get back up there
traps you're scrappy by the tracks
well the traps are keep were keeping me
from getting back up here but I've found
a way around at all
you kind of oh there's nothing up
there's nothing up there I didn't really
need to bother trying long way to go
way to go rich you big jerk first boss
you're there already easy-peasy
this is happening
now you don't you're fine Oh anywhere
else I survived I'm always off oh my god
I'm watching you haven't gotten there
yet
cutscenes how strange short ones in
between every zone still it feels it
feels strange it's true
does you hate them that's very true
about me and cutscenes rich I hate them
I hate them all
good I mean you know then you know cuz
that's usually an awkward conversation
about me and cutscene so just get that
out of the way looks good that's true
read my letter I have no power over the
cutscenes tonight but also crypt of the
necrodancer is cute enough where I would
I would like to see the cutscenes I
don't know what kind of boots yeah maybe
not
helmet helmet I don't care much fat
black oh no I didn't want to do that one
damn it first of all stop being so
stupid ooh last job fuck No
damnit
fucked everything up
well way to go you did it rich you
fucked everything up I did greed got my
goose yeah I suppose you're right
binding Isaac does have kind of little
cutscenes between between levels I like
to think of those more as loading
screens even though you can skip past
them no and yeah binding of issac also
you know has the the opening cinematic
you know just just because I just like
cutscenes doesn't mean that you know
like I don't put up with some because
they're in my favorite games just
because I feel like I need the grind in
games doesn't mean writing that's the
thing
get it together everybody it won't what
we're saying basically he gets pooped
down there great I know they're fun
they're fun and they do they do add to
the story they add to the atmosphere
yeah very super meatboy asking like tiny
little tiny little cut scenes between
worlds and it's all fine you put up with
them because the game is so good
oh are you enjoying are you enjoy you
what you can't even conceive oh you know
it's just it's not it's it's difficult
for me especially like those games in
particular those are light games you
know that's not story focus and so I
don't even think about those as
cutscenes because the story is so
unimportant in those Gables you know I'm
not you are not meant to be invested in
the world of Super Meat Boy and so to me
that's just a whole nother level where
they don't care
and because they don't care I don't have
to care either does that make sense
am I just rationalizing because they're
games I enjoy it maybe I I don't care
about the story in blood-borne this not
that's it's so vague sure oh sure that's
similar and like also like they're they
they don't care that you don't care you
know they just want you to get the blood
as long as you get the blood that's all
that matters
I should have transmogrified oh sure
anything is better than what I have
which is well it's near the stock shovel
stock shovel can't cut shit rich yeah
we're going what we got
Oh what we got better the W no better
the devil you know yep
you know what rich all right Vanessa we
can find another sheriff I like that
holster you should still love this game
the mastered 20,000 this is I still I
still look back fondly on this game I
haven't played it since the review just
because we've been playing other stuff I
imagine you're oh yes I will 100%
revisited because it's done now I am
still holding out hope for a mobile
version of this game I would love this
game to be on a mobile device yeah I
still play this regular that's great
yeah well regular probably more
regularly than anything else really
we've shot game because you didn't even
know about it before we started it
wasn't even on your radar before or we I
suggested it for the review isn't that
funny
that's great yeah I've got about 105
hours in this game I since I've been
playing one more and I kind of stopped
but for the most part I think I've
played at least one stage day that's
amazing rich congratulations I don't
know how I'm supposed to react to this
but I mean I'm excited
for you and crypt of the necrodancer
broadsword along
I mean broadsword I like that three
suite you know hitting enemies on an
angle
keep the broadsword and I'll take this
fucking spear for my second one there
you go that's the both worlds right
there best of both worlds we need start
we ain't talking star Trak best of both
worlds I just had this Star Trek game
ever oh right the Riker episode the best
of both worlds also right the other
thing we didn't do so remember when we
were messing around with OBS and
profiles games the other thing we didn't
do your mic right now is on a delays to
sync up with the game but my audio is
coming through the computer and so
people are hearing me answer before you
ask a question a certain easy way we can
fix that or think we'd have to stop the
stream the way I do it to give people an
idea though my workaround for that is I
actually am talking with rich through
Skype through my laptop I plug my laptop
audio out into my zoom so then both rich
and I are going through my zoom to my
other computer so there's no lag between
us when when he Skype sin with me that's
what I do rich does not have that option
right now so it's just gonna be out it's
either it's either I'm going to be off
or rich and the game are gonna be
all that should have been flawless
bullshit oh I haven't seen this boss
before is this a new boss oh nice yeah
know what the update before this no I
have not played it since the reveal
I'm letting it that's where the echo is
coming from Jack I don't think so cuz
then why would the echo come from the
delay why do you have so many audio
issues I don't know why we have so many
audio issues it's because we're doing
things that normal streamers don't do
this is the real thing
normal streamers are one person with one
microphone and their headphones
we are skyping and apparently that's no
good plus we always seem to end up with
your well anything to like sometimes
sometimes you're skyping in sometimes
we're all the same take advantage of
those OBS profiles and so then what we
need to do is create a profile for Skype
and and you know dial in all all of the
all of the specs just for Skype to make
sure that we're both in sync to make
sure that everything sounds great and
that's the prereqs Skype profile right
and then we make another profile for
when we are all in studio and that's the
prereqs to do profile and then it's and
then it's an easy swap
it's it sounds like a mini jack is
mocking the stream yeah yeah I think
that's funny
and we did try
what have we try before we tried mumble
and for some reason why couldn't we get
mumble to work I don't I don't recall
that was long we had to like type in
like my IP address into the special
thing to remember that no I don't
remember that but we've tried a lot of
things the best audio quality we got was
through mumble but that had a whole slew
of different problems so yeah you have
nothing either that'll be them with the
death of me world 4 is not easy
I wouldn't even want to contemplate
doing it without having some nice Jack
rich it would be cool if you've got in
contact with Danny barren house key
I'm stream with you sure I don't know
who that is but yeah why not I have no
idea I just this is me having literally
no idea I'm about to copy that name
cannot be and I'm gonna Google up right
now and Google Darrin bear now ski
oh oh oh great oh he did the music for
crypt of the necrodancer he did a great
job is he willing it seems new crypt of
the necrodancer he did The Binding of
Isaac he did super meatboy he did
gravity hook Canabalt that's a good
soundtrack - oh my god this guy's this
yeah that sounds great
but Jesus Christ desktop dungeons
yeah that sounds great we let me let me
tell you how many contacts rich and I
have in the video game industry hold on
let me get let me get out my rolodex
okay here here's my rolodex now and I'm
gonna flip to the the part with Oliver
Chennai's contacts in the video game
industry oh it's it's none what about
top
what about top from from straight-up oh
yeah yeah mostly joking we like we know
Tom we talked with James it who knows
people I know that Edmund McMillen is a
is a fan of red letter media but there
are people via reticle II who we could
reach out to but we we don't have any
like we are not in with the video game
people so it's like anyone you want to
like be on stream with us we don't know
how to get ahold of them is I guess I
don't bring that up unless you have like
a month you are that person and want to
call it that's the only like if you are
Danny and you're like hey I'll talk to
you guys that's great beyond that it's
not gonna help us much just as a general
heads-up
just cuz we don't you know we live in
Milwaukee and we don't know anybody we
don't know nothing about nothing
oh why did you do that then because I
accidentally hit ters at the same time
rich
oh that's right we also know Kevin's
from fire axes that's right okay we
officially have four contacts in the
video game industry that's not they're
wrong terrible
from fire axis for exes are exes
I think it's Fire axis that's our farad
slow the stir axis yeah maybe I'm wrong
okay maybe I'm wrong and I don't care
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo maybe I'm
wrong and I don't care do you do to do
now my voice is so pretty rich what what
your voice is super I'd literally have
no idea what I'm saying here's what I
can tell you I can tell you something
very real something that really upset me
today I turn I turn on my ps4 right yeah
and yeah Jack quick question for you
what do you prefer city under for
titanium yeah because that has more
attack and obsidian and I I get off
beautiful I want the static number ID
but that's a theorist you might you
might be a better necrodancer than I am
okay I'm running with titanium so I turn
down the PS board today and I see
there's a couple you know like update
things and I'm looking through the
different things and I go to the
blood-borne 100 died United I dyed it so
I go to the blood-borne tab of the of
the ps4 and there's a new there's a new
little slot in there that says other
titles you might enjoy so if you play
blood-borne rich if you play blood-borne
what are some other ps4 titles you might
enjoy sure sure like Dark Souls 2 is on
the ps4 right so you would think they
would they would output that do you
would you like to take a guess at the
game they suggested to me the order 1886
act opposite of blood-borne is the thing
they recommended to me and I laughed so
it's just it's ridiculous it has nothing
to do with blood-borne but there it is
play these other titles you might enjoy
because you enjoyed blood-borne
terrible terrible what that means is
they don't have any sort of algorithm
you know it's not like we've compiled
all of the genres that you've played in
ranks and you know it's essentially a
fraud these are the units we need to
move exactly no no it's so let's put
them on our front page she's a fraud
because like it says like other titles
you may enjoy that that has a that has a
connotation that like we know what you
will enjoy doesn't it yep yep go fuck
yourself
PlayStation 4 how dare you suggest that
how dare you
Brian I got four blood-borne right what
points just the best
it's the the the savior of this console
generations the only thing worth plot
really true
did I hear about DC's trouble
behind-the-scenes planning their films
there their attempts to mimic what
Marvel's doing without in any way sure
they're understanding it DC has started
their official spin of why they don't
have a cohesive universe which is they
unlike other franchises they are
director and driven films so you know
like Marvel is a studio studio driven
right they've they've in fact like fired
notable directors because directors
don't want to listen to Marvel Studios
where as DC's then we we're gonna be a
director driven film studio with ours
and so that might mean that we won't
advocate cohesive universe but we still
want to call it a cohesive the universe
it's utter utter bullshit and of course
they've already like they've already
fired a director because she wasn't like
the director for the supposed Wonder
Woman movie didn't want to like play by
their rules and so it's like it's 100%
bullshit but it's like them trying to
start the spin I love it if they were
you know if never the case there
wouldn't be this this working towards
Justice League business I think what
they wouldn't be to pull that this is
this is the difference what were we
talking about during the the shuffle
night review the difference between a a
clone and a no Maj right and so all all
DC sees is like shared universe right
Cinematic Universe and I don't see why
it works well and so they're like okay
we just need a cinematic universe we can
do that but they have they have
the the fourth on the planning to make
the cohesion work and so it's just a
clone and I love it I love their failure
only because of a Marvel fan boy I would
feel really bad and I do feel really bad
for any like person who grew up loving
DC because man they're screwing the
pooch cinematic wise I'm not taking a
Marvel or DC side I like DC characters I
like some Marvel characters but as a
whole I'd like the Marvel Universe more
than yeah oh yeah as much as I love like
Batman I actually do like Superman some
people think he's boring
I like Superman I think like the the
Superman that I that I fell in love with
was the The Adventures of Superman
cartoon that's when like that's the only
Superman I really knew The Adventures of
Batman and Superman 90s cartoon yeah and
I mean I've seen like fine story movies
but like Superman comics I could never I
could never get into those because it
always just turned into bigger stronger
aliens and punching doomsday come on
come on
dude yes that was they wanted to kill a
Superman off for publicity and they
couldn't think of creative way to do it
so this guy's just gonna start punching
him a new guy that has that no one's
invested with he's got dog he's that guy
he's he's strong but not like and that
like regular strong like a really strong
it's pretty good it's pretty cool right
you like you like doomsday yeah yeah
yeah they just feel like that also that
90's Justice League animated show I like
that I watched that that was fun
thought that was fun I gotta catch up on
me it's good it's you know it's it's the
same Batman and Superman that you like
from that era and some other people you
know fine I gotta be honest though I
just been guarding it for Batman of
course no and you know they have the you
know they have those episodes that are
like Green Lantern and or a Hawkgirl
centric and like guy yeah I don't I just
don't care about your backstory and then
every Wonder Woman backstory is like a
god thing and you're like really
come on she does not gods right that's
her whole shtick what else you in
talking about Wonder Woman busy lose
your footing no I just I wasted a bomb
someone stores sell an item no I don't
want to sell any of this waste fucking
waste of my fucking time thanks thanks
got me a fucking bomb thanks someone was
saying tired and sad says Joss Whedon
was right that Batman is really a Marvel
character in the wrong
you know why I don't see it
Batman know what you know what I'm gonna
say but Batman he belongs to the
universe Batman Batman thrives on you
know the rule of cool and being a badass
and always knowing what to do and then
you throw him in a universe that has
people like Superman and an order for
Batman to still be the cool guy he needs
to find ways to beat these people yeah
and it just it gets absurd and Batman
would work much better if he existed
within his own universe that that didn't
have an eternally powerful beings he had
to compete we know to be cool what
Batman's not as useful escalation Batman
explain vaccination works the best when
he's dealing with small-time thugs you
know like when it when he's dealing with
the Mafia when he has to be a detective
that is when Batman is at his best and
brightest but then all of a sudden you
throw him in a situation with a super
villain right and he has to use all of
his powers to defeat the all-powerful
super villain but then he has to be
defeat Superman so he needs more powers
and then he has to defeat a guy who has
a green ring and that guy you know that
you can make anything appear it's the
the problem with with Batman is he's a
he Batman is street-level but because
he's such a big name but in order in
order to be Batman he still has to beat
the guy in serene regimes Batman cannot
scale up is what I'm saying
oh but he does he's a recognizable names
yes that's why he'd be better off not in
a hundred percent if if we are to use
Marvel's terms Batman that would work
fantastic on street-level Batman
daredevil is a great Batman show
cuz yeah I've said this before but I
mean if like Batman's gonna beat up
solomon grundy and and and and people
like that why the fuck should you care
when he goes up against the pain he
beats up patello a Superman villain
how is batman gonna handle the penguin
matter all these it devalue does not
deal with escalation well because
because that's the thing he fights and
wins against gods but then he needs to
like fight sammy to fist see I think the
problem with it is that they have him
deal with escalation well yeah yeah he
needs to Batman needs to be a smaller
Batman needs to be a smaller part of his
world and he's not because only because
of his marketing by the way there is no
other reason for Batman to be in these
situations other than he's one of the
most recognizable superheroes on the
planet
what you know what the spider-man could
well we've talked about this beforehand
spider-man could 100% beat up Batman all
of the time you know why
spider-man's super-strong somewhat
somewhat controversially when either
descendant during my solo stream or when
you went to the restroom or something
during one of her other strings I said
that snake eyes from GI Joe could take
that man not all of the time but at
least some of the time
I think snake eyes would come out on top
because snake eyes I don't know the GI
Joe universe that well that's fine jack
you don't know what you're talking about
Batman is essentially the good guy
version of Lex Luthor the problem is his
normal villains aren't super mad like
because normal villains yes are mobsters
and it's fun using you know watching him
use those detective skills two best
mobsters but when he can take on
Superman Lex Luthor that that all
becomes devalued that's the point like I
I agree with Batman fighting above his
weight class should be sometimes let's
see that's the that's the thing it
really can't be as sometimes trees which
is the the problem with his escalation
because it is a sometimes tree when he
goes back it's it's it hurts
he needs to be lower-class oh but you're
not understanding the point what we're
saying with him being street level like
I'm not saying he should be poor or like
not be Batman I'm saying he needs to
deal with lesser villains like he cannot
fight gods that's not his job
daredevil is fighting the kingpin
daredevil is not fighting Loki that is
not his job you know you don't send home
that right
everyone should have a place and
everyone this should have like Batman
has a great gallery of villains already
you know and all of Batman's villains
are fairly appropriate to Batman poison
ivy
controls plants like cannot poison ivy
cannot say devour a planet she controls
plants it's a minor villains in the
grand scheme of comic books right you
sure this is what I'm saying it's judged
against all other comic book characters
poison ivy not the most powerful and
that's why she's a Batman villain the
penguin I think is a great example
you know the penguin is is mobster he's
just a guy he has no powers he has
umbrellas great Batman villain the the
thing that hurt Batman the most was just
a guy who was really strong that's it
like Bane right he was just really
strong and kind of smart so he beat
Batman
and that's the thing like in Avengers
yeah the people who actually fight Loki
our Thor and Hulk where as Captain
America Hawkeye and black widow are
literally literally street-level
like they are taking care of the minion
bad guys they are helping civilians in
Avengers the first Avengers I haven't
seen Avengers 2 yet obviously but like
they are not at toe-to-toe with Loki
because that is Thor's job and that is
Hulk's job that is Iron Man is kind of
flying all over the place but like he's
Iron Man's the kind of a leader so
that's fine but they have specific jobs
and understanding that was and this is
the problem this is the overall problem
with DC is they listen to their
marketing team not their creative team
they have no understanding of what makes
their heroes work which is why by the
way I'm a little excited about Suicide
Squad because they do have an
understanding of why they're villains
work because you don't need to worry
about any sort of the like character
drama with villains they're just bad
guys we just get to see cool shit
explode
okay great camp may not be God level but
he is higher than street level he's the
top street level Captain America is the
leader of the street level thing Captain
America is his I mean if if we were I
mean I mean I I wonder what the classes
in between God level and street level
there is I mean there has to be a class
in between yeah what is he saying what
are you yeah well he's right he's right
in between but whatever I'll give
mid-tier okay with myth you yeah captain
is mid-tier then like able able to
handle street-level stuff and even even
swing with some gods but no no I'm like
you know there they have a different
butter zone
city world
okay yes bike 13 introduces city world
comic or cosmic I like that I like that
yeah so captain would be world level
spider-man is like I'm right in between
city world level depending on on who's
riding him it's time
yes Jack no cap America is elevated by
the fact that he is a genuinely good guy
and the best leader ever there are
relevant powers beyond has muscles ish
yes a ruse
there are relevant powers beyond has
muscles all of those relevant powers get
negated when you face a thunder god
these aren't about their skillset or
their power level this is just about
like who they face I agree it's not
about it's it's not all about muscles
but it's about the butter zone who who's
the most challenging is the most fun to
fight I think it's about if you don't
want to make Batman's rogues gallery
irrelevant he shouldn't be beating up
super-powered piano all the time yeah
absolutely
Batman does not fight super-powered
people or should not fight super-powered
people he does that's the problem it
should be a sometime Street Captain
America will fight super-powered people
because he's super-powered but he should
not fight cosmic people all the time
cosmic
Steve Rogers well if what the universe I
were talking about in the comics yes he
has picked up me on the shore
he has picked up Thor's hammer because
he is all good he is 100% good you know
should good has anything to do with it
that's what it has all to do it yeah
baby worthy being worthy Thor is a
Viking war god
all right worthy should mean loving
slaughtering villages that should make
you worthy to wield Thor's hammer let's
be a little more correct here
I think Captain America is too decent to
wield Thor's hammer
Captain America he just he wants you
know no but you can Justice he doesn't
want you can battle a Miss it or for the
people that made him a god right if Thor
might be all good but the Vikings
weren't but they still chose him as
their God so we can't blame Thor before
the Vikings the Vikings Vikings soft
according to Marvel Nicko's the Vikings
saw four and chose him as their God
because he was strong so okay I died I
literally know almost nothing about Thor
that's all I know
nothing I guess we need to know jack I
don't know if Odin can pick who's worthy
he was a womanizer and had been and had
a bad father right
no Odin doesn't pick the hammer picks
your knee or no burden you're on your
own
I pronounce it it sounds like you guys
expect more thought to be put into these
characters when they're being written
but the fact is the comic book medium
has never been particularly deep or
meaningful says das Rhine I think you're
incorrect I think there have been great
stories in the books that have that have
done these characters justice and made
these characters deep and you might not
you know maybe you're not a comic book
guy and I that's fine I don't know
I think they are I think there's there's
good deep characters and comic books but
I'm a comic book person so
can be and the thing they always are
who's writing I mean also like remember
we're talking we're talking about
decades worth of characterization you
know did you get hate yeah that's fair
yeah well you have the bow and arrow now
did you just get the crossbow oh I have
the holster so I just put it in the
other slot everything's fine
everything's fine all of the time so so
that's the real thing is like you know
spider-man has been around for 50 years
this is just a thing that's real right
so we get to kind of remember all the
good stuff and put away all the bad
stuff and take the the parts that we
like about his character and idolize
those and kind of move aside parts that
we don't like because he's been around
for five decades and and that's actually
the part that gets most of setting is
like comics have been around for so long
and they're still fucking up simple
things like characterizations in movies
when they have like a world of resources
and reference to look back on that's
what upsets me it obsessed me when I've
seen it done right before and it has
well maybe not right when I've seen it
emotionally resonate with me before and
then they do it differently and it
doesn't work as well as far as I'm
concerned
whatever you know I know okay
yeah I I haven't you know you know I
haven't cared much from recently I know
what the comic books comics comics still
have a place for me it's this yeah it's
it's the only time that you can you know
read a storyboard it's it's this weird
mash of art and story like art art you
know drawing art and story in I like it
it plays on my imagination well comic
books
yes yes cracker man whatever rich Evans
Matt fractions Hawkeye run all right I'm
down with them they like there are
certain books like you read certain
books and you just understand a
character differently after that you
know and then that like reading reading
one book will shape how you feel about a
character through several universes I
remember when I was reading ultimate
x-men which I really enjoyed in the
beginning and the way the writer handled
Cyclops was so unique like handling him
you know sure like as a boy scout but as
a conflicted leader and someone who's
trying to do the best for their team
like the way he wrote Cyclops made me
appreciate Cyclops across all comic
books even though other writers didn't
have them you know oh shit did you die
not a big you know I just and so that's
the thing is like just one panel of a
comic book can can color how you feel
about a character across universes and
that's something that's that's something
unique
what was the name what was the name of
that hawk I thought comic fraction
or is that Matt Fraction but check oh
I'm watching this I'm watching right now
going to zone 4 baby
yeah we're they said baby right now I
just Google so I will I will look into
that to see if I can get to trade or
something
Matt of fractioned hold on I'm on I'm
about to see zone 4 I think alright it's
weird
so we go we go from like caves it's a
jungle to hell - I'm about to see it
right now
oh it's purple I don't know how to deal
with those guys yeah
these four peer guys I have no idea I
can't figure it out but he parries you
that's weird
so why did you just leave him everywhere
now and then they lunch so do you
last time I had like a thousand bombs I
just bombed the fuck on him I don't have
any bombs right now how do you make him
lunch I don't know and you can't get
behind him anybody have a chat
you can play with a dance pad in his
release you could play with a dance pad
in me in the pre-release bud
but yes this is the full release of
crypt of the necrodancer it is now 100%
ready to go what is this yeah I love it
I love it rich
I don't get where you are in relation to
everything else cuz even you know like
what is this world it's kind of
disconnect a connects to them then they
lunge and you counter yeah yes we hacked
well next to them then they lunge
oh fuck
between Iron Man and Batman who do you
enjoy more as a character and I will say
in the mood well in the movie universes
the answers Iron Man and and in any
other universe the answer is Batman the
both the the comic and and animated
series which I know which obviously
which is a big fan of Batman is a much
better character but in the movie
universe Iron Man is a much better
character 100% especially after we've
had the discussion of my love and even
jealous sizing of Iron Man 3 what's up
oh my god you're at half a heart I do
have a full oh sure he'll potion Seuss
why or I can use that meat
alright I'll get those parents okay
that's great Iron Man 3 is perfect is it
a perfect action movie Iron Man 3 ISM is
a movie that should be taught to people
who want to make action movies I we did
it I had this whole breakdown in the
stream a while back so I won't get into
it now but it's great Iron Man 3 bad
that Shane Black knows what he's doing
but but yeah in the movies Batman
I mean what's what's his arc you know
like what what does Batman do as a
character in the movies you know he Fox
Fox or I'm sure he fucks someone
I think I've talked about this and you
guys have disagree with me a lot about
Bryan Singer's x-men universe it
obviously helped bring along the current
state of comic book movies so I'm
forever grateful for that I think x2 is
a fine movie but overall I I don't much
care for it and I really did not like
Days of Future past I write very real
problems with it and and I hope and I
think he also he has a problem did you
die no sorry what happened oh my god I'm
watching it now I see that just getting
that rate Jesus Christ
I suppose this is level four
serenity now we're gonna do now
it's like the the first x-men movie was
right right at the tail end of the
awkward years of comic book movies and
it was it was trying it you know it's
got a lot of the characterization well
but it wasn't quite there yet with the
with the action and you know if you're
making a superhero movie you need action
that's just the thing that's why we read
superhero comics we like to see the guy
punching the other guy and it didn't
happen
x2 had the nice balance of
characterization and action it was the
Wolverine show but that's fun because
they handle it appropriately handled it
appropriately and then we don't talk
about x3 obviously and Days of Future
past I really thought was mediocre and
handled a lot of things poorly and had
too many had too many world breaking
moments that I couldn't enjoy I just
could not enjoy it but so overall I rank
Singers x-men universe probably above
you're not going did you get to the boss
though oh I did the wrong I hit the
wrong thing I meant to hit I meant to
eat the food and I I tried to you know
this I accidentally used one of the
skulls oh so I died no I'm sorry I died
God so Florida's a bitch

[Part II]
got so far as a bitch
no not world breaking as in it broke the
rest of the world world breaking within
itself there are there are things that
don't you know like there's a lot of
logic leaps in Days of Future past and
it was too much for me where the whole
movies it's not making sense
oh did you go right into it next time
you die rich we should take a moment
stop and thank subscribers sure but yes
but uh before for example in the Days of
Future Passed movie Kitty Pryde is you
know sending Logan back in time and days
past past in the past but you know I've
were never quite sure how much time
passes in the future it seems it seems
strange so days pass in the past but in
the future seems like no time passes but
then he gets wounded in the past and it
affects his future self or he gets
wounded in the future there's there's a
lot of weird things it's been a while
since I've seen it I didn't much care
for it it's not a big deal
also believe the entire Quicksilver
segment I had no like it was kind of
pointless why was he in the movie other
than to have a cool Quicksilver sequence
we can't use them so we might as well
he has no bearing on the story he leaves
it's alright so I put I put Singers
x-men on par with the Bale Batman movies
which is I think there's one alright one
and that's about it
Dredd was a caliph like everyone should
go see dread dread was great solid
action movie they are doing things right
jack is always wrong can I have that
name absolutely I articulated my
feelings towards Days of Future past
in a previous stream and I don't have
the mental fortitude to remember every
single argument at the moment so go back
to that I tagged them in I in the
description of all the YouTube videos I
say what we talked about and I'm sure I
mentioned talking about Days of Future
past oh you're playing I'm feeling fine
that's fine
yep I'm sorry that I know exactly how to
piss you off but I just
besides the Dark Knight I don't much
care for the bail Batman movies III mean
Dark Knight Returns yeah Dark Knight is
great and it has nothing to do with
Batman and The Dark Knight Returns is a
sloppy sloppy mess and the it's been a
while since I've seen Batman Begins
but it's oh I can't really talk about it
but
oh that was dumb I don't watch the
streams in entirety again to put all the
shit in the description I just kind of
skipped to every like five ten minutes
and hear what we're talking about and
then kind of remember so I'm probably
missed some stuff that we talked about
but I just try to get it all and then I
can I can tree watch every stream for
that we just take too long I just escape
every 5-10 minutes listen to what we're
talking about write it down and skip to
the next 5-10 minutes oh yes I'm very
excited about ex machina
did you see the trip yeah let's go reap
yeah and fun creepy and fun I'm excited
to see that reminds me of that one tech
demo that Quantic Dream's you remember
that where they they they built the
robot and then you just just watch just
look for Quantic Dream's tech demo it's
a lovely piece of art it's a lovely
piece of art great
yeah I don't have anything that great I
got the holster I really like the
holster what can you get besides the
holster I'm thinking about using that
that shrine that give me two extra
hearts and I just did it but every other
stat I have reverted back to oh sure
yeah and like the holster is nice with
some weapons but you know if you have
the weapon that you're good at it's
better not to switch I I gave up the
whole story in a titanium sword but I
got you know I use the dagger now but I
gained two extra hurts nothing's gonna
be found I already replaced the damn
torch
oh is this it hawkeye my life is a
weapon
Matt Fraction yeah this is it Hawkeye
vol 1 my life is a weapon Ewing I will
read that that look this looks good
really like the art style
I hate the cat-o'-nine-tails
it's a blood weapon but it's the
cat-o'-nine-tails yep yeah yep nothing's
right that's great everything I don't I
don't like the cat of nine tails I think
yeah ball volume one of my life is a
weapon the the Matt Fraction Hawkeye
series is $5 for the for the Kindle
which is quite a deal five bucks for a
trade I'll take that
I will take that
Hika Maxine
well I clicked away from this young Ned
it's okay when is when is the next best
of the worst
I there's what we did a we loved the
worst a while ago I have no idea where
that one is and that's all I know I
don't know I don't know much more there
could have been a turkey legs but I
don't know what's my why not I am NOT in
the mindset of necrodancer I I can't I
can't even be with you I don't remember
so much about this game
I have very as everyone in the chat
knows which i have very limited mental
capacity oh sure I've read non-action
comics I think we've talked about me
really liking Sandman mystery theatre
that's a really fun economy
definitely not an action comic I think
of anything else I like comic books in
general I like the medium of comic books
I favor superhero comics just because in
general I like the feeling of
empowerment but yeah I'm okay with not
action talents
yeah I'm not dead congratulations
congratulations
before I forgot my ps3 we were supposed
to be a Shadow of the Colossus sorry
it's all me it's all my fun I showed up
I started unpacking everything and I did
not hit three men for the ps3 part of
the story
sometimes I think I'm missing out with
comics the only comics I've actually
ever read is the Marvel Zombies one
there's some really good runs you know
comics comics are an investment though
it's just especially if you find a
series that you really love then it
turns into a thing because there's a new
one every month you got to pay every
month to read that new comic so it gets
tough fuck
hmm yeah I lost the potion but I have a
sheet of hearts you know yeah I have the
crown of thorns which is by far my
favorite item in this game so if I can
find a weapon that's got some power
behind it and if I can get my rhythm
back oh that's the rhythm is what's
gonna get you blaming Street not the
chat just activist treatment
no it's okay if you don't know anything
about comics you know you find find some
stories that you like if you like
superheroes read superhero comics if you
if you don't that there's everything
imaginable in comic form if you like
mysteries if you like horror there's
everything in comics go to it just spend
some time in your comic book shop and
talk to the nerds behind the counter
most of them will love to talk to you
about comics because that's what they do
and hopefully you can find a good comic
store just a store who's willing to chat
with you and be like I don't know what
I'm doing in comics help me and they
will they will
do I know comics zone I think that's a
game that yes yes nothing to do with
comics I want to say no was comic theme
it was just not based on any okay comic
I live in Seattle oh yeah you can I'm
sure you can find I'm sure you can find
a comic book store above another comic
book store in Seattle you're gonna be
fine you're gonna be fine so just go
tell them what you like tell them what
you like in movies and Seattle is a
larger city with a artists friendly
independent bookstore friendly
atmosphere so I can only imagine that
there are several comic stores Santos is
like very hipster gen-x friendly so nice
hearts I see that skipping the bag and
you don't with a bank no you got the bag
okay I'd rather I'd rather have a
holster if I could find one they seemed
to cancel each other out
sure oh that's right this Saturday is
Free Comic Book Day so you can go to
your local comic book store and just
grab a gaggle of free comics support of
this industry
yeah beasts off of the clubs there's
still some good stuff there's still
plenty of good stuff go get the Watchmen
trade the Watchmen trade paperback is a
great read oh man that's the thing
that's uh the Watchmen trade is a great
book
every every time I've been reread the
rot or The Watchmen I have noticed
something I didn't notice before great
book
it is the densest comic book I have ever
seen great book
great great
wouldn't it be funny if you walked into
a comic store and the person working
there had no information about
superheroes right like that then you
need that's like the real the geek of
the geek comic-book store that doesn't
even carry superhero comics oh you want
to go to the other comic book store the
one downstairs they handle the
superheroes right pretend it shows world
of wonder ten shows worlds of what I
love it
no mr. Dewey d Free Comic Book Day is a
real thing I'm not just awaiting stories
of a Harlem fans being arrested for
shoplifting you can't just pick any
comic and it's free they have a specific
free comic book day free comics so
how do you have there appear but it's a
blazer so you know I guess it's fine
we also do have real-life superheroes
patrolling the streets that's true
that's not true
we have real-life idiots wearing masks
Troy not evil it's just does no good
wearing a mask and being a superhero in
reality that's kind of the fun part of
comic books and movies is it's not
reality we get to suspend our disbelief
but in real life just walk around
normally like you don't need to wear the
masks and pads just walk around normally
and be a presence in your neighborhood
you don't need to wear masks you dummy
you dummy
overzealous cosplayers exactly oh I'm
not gonna repeat that what you can't
just say that Jack no yes
rich has been playing this for two hours
if the speedrun clock is at 15 minutes
yes because I've died twice yes
you ever play rap money over stuff I'm
not doing good enough it's night me fuck
around with it but how does it break oh
oh yeah no I could never do that then
this dream has been on for an hour
this dream has almost been on for two
hours I want to say longer Ryan no I'm
just whoa we started at 8:30 but then we
had to stop the stream again because
we're having audio issues and we're
still having audio issues but everyone
in the chat is deciding to ignore them
quietly if you're just joining us jack
has a garbling echo and we don't know
what the problem is and so we're all
just that you can hear right because you
can hear it we're all just choosing to
ignore it I just want to let you know oh
yes yesterday a rich for movie dicks
they played the Affleck daredevil yeah
11 o'clock with those bedtime I'm sure
they love blood hearing oh man I will
see it one I'm very sure you missed out
I had some more stuff to do and then I
have to go to bed but Affleck daredevil
oh my god is it bad yeah that bad it was
constantly baby's first editing job
especially when it came to like music
editing every single scene had its own
unique new metal grunge rock song and it
was I called baby's first editing job
because like you know you see Jennifer
Gardner and let's get it on plays you
know the most obvious musical cue to a
pretty lady walks into the room and it
was like that for every single scene
like we see Colin Farrell in his first
scene and the song is like about is a
song about being Irish in a badass I'm
not joking what was the jump around guys
so get up your feet and jump around jump
jump double round
they were like Irish rappers and they
made an Irish rap song about being Irish
in a badass during the bullseye scene
III cannot tell you how much I'm just
saying it was it was far worse than I
ever could have remembered and I really
enjoyed it I really enjoyed seeing it
because it was so juvenile it was so bad
House of Pain thank you House of Pain it
was it was terrible and and I kind of
loved it what is my least favorite comic
book film right a lot of bad ones I'm
just trying to think like which it I'm
gonna go with most dissapointing are you
gonna count like crappy made-for-tv
movie like studio release feature films
you know play it in a movie theater it's
a lot I haven't seen like I never
bothered seeing any of the fantastic but
I wasn't my least favorite superhero
film is the amazing spider-man
now it's bad well a lot of crap look
here here's why I'm going with that for
pure disappointment level because oh
that that movie is set up itself in an
interesting manner it's set up itself as
a it did get it it's set up itself as a
mystery right if you remember in the
amazing spider-man
it starts with Peter Parker's parents
mysteriously disappearing and then he's
in Uncle Ben and Aunt May's house and he
finds like an old notebook with them and
so I thought that they were gonna take
kind of a new direction and it wasn't
just gonna be about fighting crime and
it was going to be Peter Parker
attempting to solve a mystery while
becoming spider-man and like a little
detective II thing right that's what
they set up in the movie and I was like
oh what a fun take on spider-man you
know like trying to figure out the past
he's a smart kid so maybe he can figure
it out and also while like using his
spider powers what a what a neat thing
and then they completely forgot about
the mystery of his dead parents or
missing parents or whatever yeah so it
was it was it got me interested which is
why I got more disappointed I had no
interest in seeing the movie because I
had heard bad things about it I was like
oh you know I like spider-man I'll go
see it but it hooks me a little bit it
hooks me enough to disappoint me
I only remember that movie because I'm a
big spider-man fan I love spider-man
love it
he's my jam and and they've really they
really asked him up they have to my bad
and not only that but they they had a
decent setup where the there there could
have been a good movie in there there
could have been a good and interesting
take on spider-man they didn't do
nothing with it Oh Jane wants to kill me
again
you know like like there are worse
movies like any of the fantastic four
movies are our worse are bad movies the
is which is the worst well that was the
most of that I think what I'm saying is
that's why it's the worst to me like
technically speaking you know Corman's
Fantastic Four is it is a worse movie
technically speaking the the Dolph
Lundgren Punisher movie right is pretty
bad but or daredevil god that was
god-awful that was embarrassing the day
Ben Affleck daredevil movie was
embarrassing but you know disappointing
to me that's one away
that sort of Garland
take care
Jack your first mistake was holding out
any hope and Sony not fucking up a
Marvel movie you know no no I knew I
knew it was bad and I had heard nothing
about nothing but it was bad that's all
I'd heard and right you heard right
buzz the pan despite all I had heard the
movie got me into it I was ready to be
into sponge the amazing spider-man but I
was ready I was ready just felt like I'd
heard bad things I had heard some like
middling reviews but you know I'm a
spider-man guy and then the movie hooked
me it's like hey check out this neat
detective story this this like personal
story and we're gonna interweave
superhero and punching and all that fun
stuff nope that took it all away the
first cut is the deepest you know I just
had to I wake up very early rich yeah
I'm sorry I I will see it one of these
days but it's not today
i I do have a little hope for Fox's
Deadpool movie and that might be wrong
with me to have any hope at all for
anything anymore
now those hearts don't stack I can't
have like extra hearts you're right
I would assume dude find out you have
$50 and just Morgan I can't see I don't
know
Deadpool might be bad I'm not I'm not
I'm not saying I'm excited everything
I've seen everything I've seen looks
good I'm not saying like I don't want to
say I'm excited for Deadpool but
everything I've seen looks good and
there is some they have they had a
vision before it's not just marketing
because Fox didn't necessarily want to
make movie what the fuck made me small
and we oh my god I hate so far oh my God
look at you what happened
did you figure it out what no did you
die okay nope
oh they're saying green tiles
oh you can't stand on this haven't you
you turn small if you stand on the green
tiles yeah like a curse
and rubber band
god
ab-absolutely la casa longer down we
can't like Deadpool or ant-man we're
speculating on absolutely nothing at
least with ant-man we have a legitimate
trailer Edgar Wright is also still
credited as a writer for ant-man
so maybe there's still some good stuff
left in there
but you know no we obviously we have to
wait and see the movies before we can
make any real judgement but we can use
our past experiences to help guide us as
we've mentioned so many times what
happened if you die did you die okay
do it fuck I'm just taking the exit I'll
be happy if I get to the necrodancer I'm
not gonna survive Marvel canning is
Brian so now says Marvel Kenny Edgar
Wright is the stupidest thing and as an
Edgar Wright fan I agree with you but
Marvel's been killing it lately they
they kind of know what they're doing at
the time at the moment that could that
could crumble any any day now
Ultron comes out tomorrow all right
tomorrow night at midnight it could
crumble tomorrow night
Marvel's ability to know what they're
doing but they've been killing it so why
not it works oh no no I got glass
everything away
oh yes M Filippo Bruno we did get your
shadow of the colossus and i kotas
that's what rich was supposed to be
playing tonight but he forgot is ps3
controller thank you so much for sending
that we definitely I want to play ICO
and rich should play shadow of the
classes so
Oh Ultron's been out for a week in
Europe already okay well you know then
we'll see and we'll see we will see
it'll be it'll be it'll be weird cuz you
know like the first Avengers movies
you're just kind of judging it against
the other Marvel movies but now we have
another Avengers movie to judge it again
so it'll be interesting mr. schat's Mel
says you can use a ps4 controller on the
ps3 but I'm also assuming that rich did
not bring ps4 no the studio we have we
have our our game consoles at home
because that's where we do the majority
of our playing and we bring them in for
streaming or or filming stuff
I'm probably not gonna play dota2
there's just too much we will announce
subs right after rich dies which I can
only assume will be soon but we'll see
Wow
shut up jack shut shut up shut up at
your face okay
my face shut up
well why do the reason I don't remember
he probably needs to hit the gong if I'm
just hitting the going wasn't doing
anything oh that's gotta be it he's
gotta hit the gone yeah that's what I'm
saying
oh yeah yeah okay let's do the next
round today get a breather I'll play my
rubber band I'm playing a rubber band
I've had a rubber band in my hands why
why because advert when we first started
streaming I was trying to do what you
did last time and play blood-borne in
the background but but then I couldn't
greet chat and play blood-borne at the
same time and the Phillipa Bruno the
real Queen Clem Fandango frosty snow
double zero Z I know it's frosty snooze
but we spelled it with two zeros so
actually I guess it's fr0 stiffen zero
zeros really oh I pronounce it correctly
but still frosty snooze brings brings
knives to gun fights
mister shy smile my turds are green in
gallon flutes or bane vermin open vermin
gobbledygook
doctor so nays SEP slow Don Gottlieb
mixer mixer danger peanut red
leader 91 end jackers always wrong thank
you for subscribing really appreciate
even though you see you've spent some
money to to make sure everyone knows I'm
always wrong which is true we really do
for now I guess we go through this again
the chat I'd say what you could take a
vote and you know what saved row thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
we can take a vote I'll actually follow
the winner this time normally doesn't
Norman notes but I can I can either keep
plugging away at necrodancer or or we
can go for some mu 2 what is mu 2 mu 2
is mu 2 yeah
it's mo to do into Shu I don't - Shane
mu 2 mu 2 mu Cheng or more necrodancer
right the consensus seems to be at least
at the very least new game
Putin has a necromancer mu 2 mu du y a
lot of MU - I can't wait to see what mu
2 is you know artists who hate it
it's mu - but you hate it
oh ok you couldn't even wrap your head
around that describes a lot of things
right right all right we are we're
actually taking an actual break as any
dude I need to freshen up I need to
freshen up you're trying to play oh I
get bored in the background something's
gonna I couldn't I couldn't I couldn't
both play and read the chat at the same
time there's just no way
mu 2 is slower pace so I can I can I can
I can talk more you actually probably
could I would feel bad didn't come
ditching the chat I think I figured out
I think I remembered what mood well we
won't do you want to keep talking to the
channel coming up now update I'm gonna
refill my drink here and I'll be back ok
alright we'll be back

[Part III]
I can see your desktop we have all right
yeah no I know I didn't attend that but
it happened but so hey dog no it's not
like there's anything embarrassing there
anyway just see my same wallpaper I fat
butts but tell us crow share awesome so
how far in the blood-borne am I i I'm
just I'm what monster am I defeating now
I never remember the month their names
I've become obsessed with doing a I'm
not going to try and do it no definitely
insane but I'm trying to do a loss or so
if you die you have to pick up after
after we get those echoes yeah has gone
home that's not gone well new neighbor
what boss Amell I'm just looking up all
the bosses right now so i can tell you
which boss I'm he's a cool boss and I've
come really close to beating them a
couple times I just haven't but but then
we shot the episodes and so it's like I
had to do that so I'm in edit mode right
now so I haven't had a lot of
blood-borne times we do a medium-sized
galaxy on hard where to go up organic
rich and that's already total players
tactical combat is on as our rentals
right in the interns that it is great
that is great we're making a custom race
what picture do we want the one that's
blue blue ones blue blue I don't know
I'm not even watching kind of like yeah
chat which wish which race do you want
which which picture
hey I could go with humans and just
title in humans that's have I told you
that's that's my favorite science
fiction troppo when aliens called humans
yeah human they say everything else
perfect English oh yes oh yes i have
another spot spot of tea old japen oh so
you're a you mom haha right I go with my
clones fuckin neck Lars the word word
work completely redoing all the stats
fuck all that I like that I like the two
production question is do i get rid of
do i die cut off your place you're
repulsive you yeah really obviously put
that does put a big target on your with
the race the up sizes you get more work
points to spend on other things sears
you like I figured what it is 10 total
points to spend and there's all these
different stats like you can do plus 22
industry production or plus 22 research
and you only have 10 to use but if you
take repulsive because that's that's a
negative thing like you can't do any
diplomacy when you're a repulsive race
and other races are more likely to
attack you but you get you get six extra
points to spend elsewhere okay that
sounds good yeah I don't know I don't
know if it is that's so good but it
sounds good okay no repulsive fuck it
forget it'll be the death of April fuck
it
I honestly could you need industry I
like some beers to population growth I
think farming is underrated do I take
firms excuse your you might as well be
saying gibberish Jimmy take it to the
chat to the chats got to know what I'm
what I'm what I'm not a blood-borne what
I'm what I'm doing aren't you two like
blood or name of the boss that I'm on
right now to give people an idea of
where I am okay okay oh I think I'm
close to the end where where am I yeah
earth I'm are on earth sure yes sure
farming's a pain in the ass it really is
pain in the ass but fuckin no you're not
doing it way to go what are the
unification government okay yeah this is
the one right now I am facing the one
reborn which is a pretty tough boss and
more so it's it's a very you know the
other bosses in the game you can kind of
run to them quickly let you know if you
died a boss in blood-borne you kind of
find that quick path to get to that line
oh wait wait a unification fuck it I'm
doing it we're doing a kind of a cherry
so kind of a chibi cheap and easy uh
fuck it but fuck it for the one reborn
it's actually a long path to him and I
can't find the shortcut wait wait what
do I our race we could name it anything
can we name a whole race after one
person in the chat or should we come up
with something else okay call the race
Montgomery calling the blame call them
the blind of furries the bomb behind
furries hi then no okay they could be
the crocodile brains I like that
who the biscuits and then the basically
I know the people of biscuit these are
all possibilities
keyboard work right keyboard why is
keyboard not doing keys right all right
I can't fit in brain squares crocodile
brain singular singular imma go green
check it out do it green it up name of
our star system this one we can named
after a purser e pick a name Jack
somebody in the shed directly after you
said pick a name I thought that was
literally it's the first person to say
something after you said picking it okay
this keyboard is not working proven out
on batteries it's possible ready if the
keyboard like was if something was like
laying on the keyboard weird maybe pizza
trading 11 so what do we got to work
with her we got a gas giant that's now
oh god the planets in our solar system
or crap i neva nothing about bother to
look nice
listen the planets are just there it's
what you make of them rich what you make
of them you get me I mean am i right I'm
right yeah what if what that thing you
said yes yes that thing you said
whatever was yes yeah sure sure it's
fine I mean am I right or am i right
it's it's just I'm somebody or something
you're sucking I'll be something
we've invented freighters freighters
amongst and we've invented a nuclear
Drive which makes your shoes yes I like
space I like it when my space ships go
in space and apparently we've developed
all of this before we invented the
computer has a restaurant so we're some
kind of geniuses we're special we're
special is all I'll take it
we have invented the extended fuel tanks
nuclear missiles not just the bombs now
we have now we have the missile carry
the bomb by the way that's a nuclear
missile heart of the bomb gets hard to
carry that is that is and standard fuel
cells oh and titanium armor that's the
good stuff you don't give a shit about
any of this I find that amusing well
it's you know it's a game like did you
terribly get into and I don't really
understand so I just can't tell you if
any of these things are good bad or
otherwise so a lot a lot of pollution oh
I know that that's bad a lot of
pollution yes solution is all it would
be bad unless unless you're you're
tolerant always and you just don't give
a shit tolerant yes they can all your
toxic environments they don't then just
it did it's nothing that's nothing to
them sure nothing maybe that's your food
Jack we we have now invented a ship yes
going and did it we're going we're going
to explore the galaxy our monster race
is going to explore the killer soon
great we found planets oh poor poor and
two gas giants either the e okay let's
let's take this as the Senators
elsewhere good yeah it's good BF out of
here yeah oh definitely huh I could talk
about anything you want oh yeah I don't
know if I have anything to like add to
the to the conversation here I don't
know if much has happened since Sunday
the planets around us are just garbage
the fucking garbage
I think what was the big news like you
know you know we talked about a little
bit the other day that valve backs down
from their paid mod with Bethesda deal
which is kind of a big deal I mean I I'm
still kind of on the side I did to me it
just seemed like a big hissy fit from
people who like these things were always
free and now they're not free anymore
even though they were still free you
know they just didn't have to be free
there's some arguments about whether or
not it would hurt and pewter gaming in
the long run sure I guess I saw the good
and the bad in it than you are wise man
to see such things good bad otherwise
you are that I'm wearing those shoes in
the gamer no I think that's nice because
i'm not there i'm really sucks well i
was i was working on some paper mache
stuff and i got like like paper mache
paste all over my shoes so I watch my
shoes and my shoes were wet like I'll
take my shoes off the stream and I'm
sitting here I'm got enough shoes and
I'm you know I'm the only one here right
now how to play t take the pants off I'm
I'm contemplating taking my pants off
jack I will be wearing shorts but
imagine how comfortable i would be i
cannot imagine it's like my shoes are
off jack I'm halfway there I would never
have to imagine you without pants on I'm
not asking you to imagine it god no
sicko do you think I am
this is all I'm saying it's a little
weird you asking me to imagine you with
no pants on that's that's not like it's
one hundred percent with you I think
you're completely miss miss representing
like Jack I'd like to talk about me with
no pants that's all I heard is Jack I'd
like to talk about me with no pants and
like that's fine if that's your thing
rich I just don't want to be into it you
know I don't bring me into your thing
it's purely a comfort issue sure purely
a comfort issue sure I mean I guess it
would not affect you at all I don't know
why you care so damn man I'd like I be
in there later yeah when your pants when
I have pants on hey I just be in there
thinking about you being in there with
no pants on that's where we're getting
weird that why would you believe I would
just be in the back of my head and be
like at one why why wouldn't you just
forgettable about it or more likely than
not I would forget all about it but in
in the i would i would have a shameless
in this in the scenario in my head it's
like I'm just in there and all of a
sudden I realized that at one point of
time rich has been in here with no pants
on and he was so comfortable I'm you
know maybe maybe maybe you would think
to yourself you know if I'm ever alone
hear something I don't maybe I'll take
my just don't know if I could do that I
don't know if I'm the kind of person
that could do that
you know earlier I didn't think I could
take my shoes off but you know what I've
been in this field against I've been in
the studio without my shoes on before I
took that step it's just one more step
to not having pants dad give me another
name uh getting data have a new colony
is the first name I saw after you saying
give me a name you're now your name is
not letting that you're collecting debt
we gotta collect that should change your
name collecting Madison right we've
gotta collect that oh we gotta collect
that yeah all right now I can explore
that area now I need to find some good
planets reproduction race surrounded by
larger planets we need rich or normal
here's some abundant that's that's
that's the normal okay we can we can we
can build our empire that way got some
rich planets for the Prussian race
though that would have been great
everything's poor we don't want poor
yeah I can see that you can't know I can
totally see that all the time one
hundred percent that don't de Lyon you
don't don't lie it's flying to people is
fun just don't lie to me ever you know a
liar there's nothing I can do about that
I'm Henry Rollins up in here yeah that's
a good joke nope okay sure about that
okay that isn't all actuality probably
not a good joke just putting that out
there
I'm gonna do it act reject build this
shit out of it's gonna be awesome let's
just new in your life Jack you know just
not a terrible much I got just editing
my god I got nothing yeah shovel Knight
the episode's coming along I feel like I
feel like just for us we spent a lot of
time going through what the game is and
not a lot of time kind of picking apart
how we feel about the game and of course
there's not a lot of game to begin with
so that's kind of okay but I would have
liked a little bit more from us but
that's fine it'll be it'll be fine it's
going to be a shorter episode and our
the meat of it is is not actually a
review of the game so don't sleep in
some spies yeah yeah that sounds like a
smart idea
I
there's nothing right you know it really
is not my kind of thing really you're
saying so I missed it now they're saying
they were happy that they helped shovel
Knight get Kickstarter but they don't
enjoy the game I and I i if you kick
started that game you knew exactly what
kind of game it was going to be how
where did it disappoint like it's it is
exactly the game it what else would you
expect because it very much feels like a
and right nes game well that's the thing
it's exactly the game it's set out to
become so what what else is there I my
file shoes sure hi sure I farms meant to
there's all these things but I don't
think those could exist in shovel knight
no I think I think I need to work
towards pollution or control when you
agree with ya in the game I don't know
the more you know unless you pass you
battle what
um fools Vern fools Vern I don't know
since felt funny okay
Jack we can play this game for hours all
right yeah you keep doing that you keep
doing that then I think it's great no I
I think it's great that you could play
the game for hours you know nothing
playing for hours God now but you go
ahead play it do it to it
Jack rich will you ever stream some more
nes games on your nes absolutely I don't
remember which that was on our end yet
that was delicious Treasury bond and all
the games that we bought for that NES
don't tell him don't tell her ah yes we
should do some more classic games it's
been a while since we've done a some
classic game the streams and I like them
hmm fucking Draconis fuckers those
fuckers yeah dude honestly aren't they
fuckers honestly I'm thinking about
going a bit more I have one exactly one
more glass of wine in me and then and
then I might okay because we don't have
much talk about we don't have much talk
about because the new episode is coming
obviously after this weekend we'll have
some stuff to talk about because of age
of Ultron we're probably going to see
and other stuff we're going to do and in
general I think we have more to talk
about on sunday because there's a longer
stretch
yes
yes I was trying once again I was trying
to play blood-borne while doing it and I
just can't uh-huh I find myself you know
like even even just kind of like half
checking the Chad and talking with you
I'm not i am not fully immersed in
blood-borne so I'm not doing well and I
know I'm not doing well see you you've
got the blood book you've got the
bloodlust going on with them what you're
telling me i don't have you would have
like if I'm playing it I don't want no
you don't you don't have to play but but
you have to play oh yeah like I cannot I
cannot just half acidly go through
blood-borne like I probably if I wanted
to now I could probably like go farm for
some blood vials or whatnot because I
don't have very many ah but I don't feel
like doing that cuz I haven't I think I
have enough to beat the boss so right
right I'm going to decide share with
some nuclear missiles that's all I'm
going to do okay there we go Horatio
asks a question I can answer Jack how do
you think children's media nowadays
compares to your childhood cartoons and
how has it changed in why I can be an
expert on this field as I have seen many
child children cartoons as I have
children I think a lot of it is better a
lot of it is is is so much better than
what we had both in the range of
educational television and just general
television I think it's great I think
there's so much good out there but they
don't know that i am in series but you
know as well as well what I'm saying
which we still have batman the animated
series we can still watch that but the
new stuff we have is good as well i
think i'm just likes a phineas and ferb
and adventure time which is a little
older skewing but Phineas and Ferb is a
great example of a wonderful kids
cartoon that I think
not only kids but adults as well I can
enjoy ah plenty you that's why it might
this is why you might be reluctant to
play as repulsive what war is on I'm
just I'm just not ready for just but
hopefully rich you're good enough you
gotta get good always do I always got to
get good so so the good regular TV shows
we got your phineas and Ferb's we got
your adventure times you got your new
teenage mutant turtles nickelodeon
series which i think is very good and
there's a bunch of like odd cartoon
network stuff that i enjoy i don't
necessarily remember the names of
everything the boys have been really
into a show called uncle grandpa
recently which i don't much care for
uncle grandpa it's like a it is that is
that some like it sounds like it sounds
like a like a pedophiles broadcasting
his own TV show it's that's all kind of
one who watch the uncle grandpa very
strange but it feels fun it feels fake
it's one of those red channel 3 and
other receptions it relies heavily on
random humor I'm then just ask / I
rhetoric and there's nothing I can add
to it nothing I can add to creepy uncle
grandpa there's nothing you could notice
nothing you could possibly add to that
but uh if everybody's know the chips
that's what we're doing now as we're
done now ah like it was just uncle
grandpa is random for the sake of random
in his knots like adventure time it has
random comedic moments but it feels it
all feels purposeful whereas uncle
grandpa just feels
randomness like we we need a Westley
random thing to happen here and just
make that happen you know but there's
also a good educational stuff we've been
watching some odd squad recently which
is basically like it's basically the
kids version of police squad but
educational yeah where it's like kid
detectives that being investigating
paranormal stuff it's fun it's fun and
it's cute wait to the game Danny design
my ships I told I went for a nuclear
missile build and suddenly I'm shooting
lasers that should not happen throwing
button God God mmm
hi what Lisa Lisa overheard me talking
about black curve and she she poked her
head in here and nodded that she also
enjoys Phineas and Ferb you know nice to
enjoy something it's a it's one of those
things where even what even with TV time
you know is I think it's important to
spend time with your children and
understand what they're watching you so
I do try to watch things with them not
all the time but I try to watch things
with them and in Phineas and Ferb is one
that you can which is always nice trying
to think of like some of the bad shows
that they watch sometimes where they
just get so into it and I day like there
was a LITTLEST PET SHOP show with tiny
animals and whatnot is just god-awful
but you know it had cute puppies in it
so they wanted to watch the cute puppy
show and it's like do we have to you
don't have to do I have to do anything
let's just read let's just read some
more let's look what do we do that let's
just read
why were these ship shooting lasers
earlier I built you two to not do that
damn it
yeah whatever whatever it's fine it's
fine Oh dick neutral you should see
Phineas and Ferb like on an animation
level on an art level it's not the most
impressive it's just a great show just
really solid writing really solid
writing we're gonna take back fools Vern
unless the game crashes the game crashed
you know just crash crash no i was
actually making a comeback i was getting
ready to know to kill them by death
ships i was building death ships on an
alarming rate and then again glad you
you're gonna win so it decided to end it
did you did you send a jack doesn't
matter stream anymore pulse never here
do you have like do you have like a
button installed and your house that
that that connects to the studio and it
like maybe later first like a puter you
never and when i when i was running
ethernet cable i I i added a kill switch
I think that's what happened well you
you want to end I don't want to stream
alone and my game collection i think
that's filling us we need then I think
that's I think it was really great to
play crypt of the necrodancer though so
that's good so everything's good also I
don't know if anyone has seen I tweeted
about it earlier this morning I have
been unable to export our twitch
highlights to youtube for the past
several days we we have had no youtube
video for the past several days which
means nothing to some of you are most of
you but there there are those people who
only watch our videos on YouTube because
they can't twitch
I hadn't even noticed I haven't checked
three four days we've had no uploads and
i'm unable to export from twitch I've
contacted their support several times
and tweeted at them apparently they're
working on it or they're not I don't
know and currently we are caught up on
not great ever announcements so well
then thank you all for coming out all
right and also it's she have a have a
what you should have you should have a
what
