Nov 11, 2015
Vanquish, FTL
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/27090140
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/27899421
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/27899849
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkWrEcZkS6E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtmwJecYHVI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyIOXOJI7bI
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/664518858728845312

[Part I]
one of the reasons I'm playing through
the destroy I'll just uh just a bit of a
warm-up for me
this game looks really fucking nice on
this TV Butler TV at the studio just a
little bit nicer than the one I got at
home so this is as good as vanquish is
ever gonna look
this is one of the only shooters I feel
at all comfortable with clang using a
game play gamepad but oh when I would I
love a PC port of this game that would
be the best thing ever
all right know what cutscenes are going
on let me see if I can find a way to
squeeze in shad here
yeah
there we go there we go all right I can
kind of see the chatting only like five
lines at at once right game audio is
quiet all right I said I can do about
that me a second here
yep
as that is that to quieter is that good
how's that does a game audion Oh
yes this is just an early stream Jacobi
by Erno our so game audio's about the
same that's weird that should have went
up a lot I'm trying more time and we'll
see what happens
now I know what's gonna have it I was
gonna say oh my god that's too loud
we'll see we'll see the dulcet tones of
rich Evans is enough now what I'm
playing this and I'm dead silent silent
smelter wedge and all of us thank you
for subscribing 14 months in a row we
really appreciate it
and straight away you really do
there's no video now oh well I should
have to turn that back on oh my god
there we go thank you thank you for that
heads up that would have been
embarrassing
this game is called vanquish and after
this lengthy cutscene and this lengthy
cutscene there's almost no more
cutscenes in the game just short ones
but I enjoy the cutscenes so I'm going
to watch them and then I'm going to
shoot robots and it's gonna be a lot of
fun the face camera just isn't on right
now I've I got limited monitors to work
with a comeback I got a headache I'm not
doing it it's fine everything's fine let
me to set up a fucking green screen on
my own what do I look like somebody who
does stuff so that just sounds like a
huge pain in the ass
women and children their loss is deeply
felt by every
to those who
we will not negotiate with those who
wish to destroy us
our strength is unmatched our will we
will be victorious god bless you
yeah
Sam Darwin said him to come along
witness
yes this game is what America is all
about killing killing space commies is
really the American Way when do you
think rich what do you think we'll get a
new Star Trek TV show I believe the PTAs
sometime in 2016 or early 2017 I forgot
which but supposedly it's coming to CBS
streaming yes the arse the guy is our
stridden on his his suit stands for
augmented reactions speeds up your brain
which which is conveniently bullet time
we'll get the professor back this place
how even this suit runs on his energy
designs he's too valuable to kill I know
it's the toy you've been working on
even scratched did some training in this
thing Chad I think I've heard of Steel
Battalion but I have never played steel
battalion I think I've just heard of it
I don't know much about it I was at the
one where they sold their own wacky
giant controller that was like a fucking
cockpit
I I wish to God I could play this in my
PC no this is this is a ps3 right now
we're in control just so we can walk
down the highway the game will have
cutscenes again after this and then
after that it's pretty much pretty much
non-stop action
I might be missing some people here and
there but I'll get you later ray gun and
Willie h2o thank you both for
subscribing we really appreciate it
Willie h2o with over the 14 months
yeehaw
really appreciate it thank you jack
why did they knock it out
sucked outside because because they're
too manly to get sucked outside
the power of masculinity keeps them from
going where they don't want to go
I'm glad to finally get your name right
the first time Willie I see that at a
glance at a glance I want to say Wylie
because it goes Megaman really I don't I
don't know many Willie's
now people who'd cutscene but I think
this one's just just it's just badass
the ships coming in and blowing
everything up and then when the ship
gets in and robots start blowing
everything up and then there's a bit I
like coming up but the camera just like
zooms in under the one of those little
tiny ships
yeah this little shot in here I don't
know something about it just makes me
smile I can't be some suit who's into
the little summary in the cockpit
this is my therapy game what is a
therapy game this is a game I go to
frequently because it's really really
fucking fun when am I gonna review this
game I reviewed this game way back in
game station 2.0 this old-school
he thought this cutscene was an ad did
you think it was an ad for something
that was fucking awesome
okay tart let's have horses it's a game
you play to make you feel better yeah I
guess this would this would count his
neck a cigarette and then then we're
gonna shoot at things okay
I'm just moving cigarette now
there we go
and want that gun
all righty we're blowing shit up
oh no you don't
should probably be letting guys get
wounded and sorry to grab some weapon
upgrades if you heal up a little
troopers they drop a weapon
this is on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
I would I would desperately love for it
to be on the PC desperately but I don't
think it's gonna happen any time like
ever unless unless or maybe until I
guess it'll happen sooner or later ps3
or xbox emulation becomes a thing I'm
just gonna go around grab some things
that I left lying there earlier and then
we're gonna shoot a giant egg thing in a
bit giant tank robot because because
awesome
what got me to try this in the first
place I saw I don't I don't know what
what got this in my YouTube like you
know recommended videos but I'd like a
recommended video just some gameplay of
this game and I was just watching you
know you fly around and on your rocket
boots and I'm like that looks fucking
awesome I went out and bought it the
next day
you guys are late he usually walks down
a bit earlier
you can you can cripple the robots I
don't recommend it but little guys
because then they you blow their legs
off they go all kamikaze and they crawl
toward you towards you and they blow up
and kill this guy
heavy machine-gun I'm not using that one
relevant the projection
an upgrade tube
this game has the best shotgun and the
best sniper rifle does get business game
does everything perfect
I get two all the time it doesn't die
what you got what you got what you got
shotgun
yes upgrade that shotgun as much as
possible because the shotgun in this
game is the best thing ever
I think our sapping something
I keep missing
and they blew up my ship oh those
fuckers let's play around some shotgun
Arius
enemy reinforcements are closing in on
your position are there any other ways
to get up top it looks like you're just
going to have to fight through this one
we may set up the FaceCam when Jack
shows up or maybe not whatever it's fine
it's not like it's not like we're
abandoning it
Oh second up break you
all right you're gonna die before I can
blow your head off
whatever it's all the same aah
the main gate is you need to get up
there and opened burns I need some
backup right you two escorts and
everyone else provide cover
hey you know what I'll save that I might
need a refill the upgrade and
additionally to upgrading a weapon also
refills it
waiting when they're off the ship to
shoot those guys cuz they drop an
upgrade in the ship it'll just leave oh
there's one of those kamikaze fuckers I
was talking about they kill you in one
hit they've ruined several no death run
attempts in this game which I've still
not done successfully I could probably
do it on casual it is the easy
difficulty the easy difficulty in this
game UI you'd have to try to die sorry
III don't play this game and anything
less than normal still should be earned
yes I know jack wants to play swindle
right now III would rather play awesome
I don't know anything about swindle
swindle might be great
but this this is this is definitely in
the running for my favorite game of all
time so yeah I'm playing this
defense
it's time to bust out the bigger machine
gun sweep away
see all those missiles flying toward you
and slow-mo that great
oh you want a mo fucker you fucker I was
a waste
fuck and he hit me
do down there see on the radar that that
light blue bigger dot that's somebody in
trouble
don't know
get out of there
get out of there get out of there get
out of there
oh shit
yeah
what what horseshit
horseshit
there goes my no deathrun
no there are no Mulligan's this is a
failed no death run that totally counts
as a death which felt kind of like
bullshit I don't think I was yeah
whatever whatever
many times have I completed it um well
at least you I've had a lot of partial
completed no death runs I've got like
halfway through before I die
there are also some fairly actually
extremely difficult like challenge
missions you can play like separately
from the main game
hey what's up
we're straight we're streaming
and I had an early death jack early do I
hate that I hate that so much I'm gonna
no death run this game one of these
fucking days one of these fucking days
it's gonna happen yeah I I didn't bother
item one item I didn't I had enough time
getting that fucking bow captured thing
to work I could not get that fucking el
gato to work so yeah what interviews the
other one I fucked around that's so long
I after that I didn't feel like fucking
around the camera to the green screen
and all that shit yeah I have no idea
how old that volumes captured all right
so you said we're gonna play swindle him
is what you want to play
testing testing testing to DQ job
he fainted but he didn't open his
systems expense area he didn't open his
area yeah was private bits this
sensitive ball
he just kicked a bunch of grenades at me
he dropped a whole bunch of grenades and
then he just kicked them I don't think
I've ever seen him do that one before
yeah
okay I'm hearing out for real hi
everybody
hey what's up now you can hear me okay
so what has been going on what are we've
been talking about oh my god I got
killed again Wow Wow I am I am having a
shitty vanquish day no I'm very sorry
that's all right that's all right rich
didn't feel like setting up the FaceCam
so no face cam I spent like an hour
literally an hour trying to get the
capture card to work actually it was
more like an hour and a half uh uh yeah
I I eventually didn't even use the
elgato oh I use the older one just
saying like a window capture yeah okay
yeah and you know what yours is weird
with the Agatha went out when ice cream
with the Elgato
OBS recognizes it as a video input
source oh I don't need to open up
another program yeah all right I went in
the video capture like recognized it
didn't appear yeah it's crazy
we're both running Windows 7 we both
have the same stuff downloaded but it
doesn't work for you and it works for me
we'll figure it out
Jack what's that on your shirt oh you
guys can't see me cuz I wear things on
my shirt no I like like they can see you
it's June oh god I was no video at all I
was going to answer that it's a plain
red shirt I'm wearing a plain red shirt
yeah I know we'll survive without a face
game I've I've gotten used to the face
cam only for um for the highlights there
they're significantly funnier when you
see our faces yeah I've grown to love us
green screen down the corner of our
videos that's how I want to shoot all of
our videos from now and all of like us
playing live footage all I want to do is
shoot us in the corner on green screens
because I think it's the greatest you
get to see more of the game but we're
still there it's my favorite I'm no I am
NOT drunk I haven't had anything to
drink today it's gonna fire its large
radius laser
hi I'm back
I was importing all the footage rich and
I shot an episode today we shot our
steam controller prereq up so today I
was importing and organizing all the
footage it was so awesome had a very
nice discussion I'm slightly out of
focus in the episode but that's fine Oh
God really
yeah one of the hassles of not having a
crew and sometimes we're slightly out of
focus but that's ok not enough no not
enough world where anyone will notice
just me well and of course now that I've
told people oh yeah no notice but that's
fine well that's fine
I've got oh I know it siberius Kirk and
really like I should do I should just
use autofocus well no I shouldn't use
autofocus we use autofocus sometimes the
coaches out if you move too much but
really I should have just had rich sit
down in my chair so I could focus on him
but we were moving we were we set up at
a really good clip today I was really
happy with our setup clip or set up
speed yeah yeah you know we were we were
really moving today setting up so I
didn't want to ruin the momentum by
focusing or whatever that's next
that's next on the agenda replacing the
cloth backdrop with walls all right
I'm having a terrible fucking day at
least I might well okay I almost died
right there but I'm not dead I'm having
a fucking awful awful banger stager yeah
I'm very sorry
I'm very sorry about your awful things
we stay fuckers killed me twice fucking
twice you almost got him though I should
have had him the first fucking time
really fallout 4 is receiving bad
reviews lost all those weapons that were
trapped on the ground oh I'm sorry
look we are the last people you want
review and fallout 4 not at all really
earlier with the other game oh yeah I
know we would do a really bad job yeah I
know we're not gonna review fall we've
been we've been yelled at it off
I think after after Metal Gear we're
gonna take a little break from beloved
franchises for a little bit just just
gonna cool off I'm beloved but possibly
misunderstood franchises this is the
kind of obscure shit I end up like
vanquish
which is the perfect perfect pace speed
but people are saying it's it's getting
it's getting up it's getting batteries
that's really weird well I feel sorry
for everyone I was looking forward to it
why why bad reviews what's it doing
wrong I don't know I'm getting there
alone Horacio Svetlana Jack I really
like prereq but it comes out so
sporadically I can't watch it like a
show and I think that's part of what's
holding it back not asking for an
explosion since I know they take so long
it's just something I need to say and I
agree her idea we we've been as everyone
knows a large portion of all of our
times basically finishing space guys
been finishing space gap and quite soon
we won't have to worry about that
anymore or possibly now or possibly
quite soon or possibly we'll always have
to worry about that because it'll never
be finished we didn't film it episode
today we did was a four hours of first
four hours of yep there's that been in
the can actually for like a month and a
half and just haven't had time to edit
it fast motion I have have been really
really pushing to get some some shots
done and handy but damn straight up well
the point the point is I agree with you
is is we need to get we need to
concentrate on getting them out faster I
think that's something that first four
hours us can help accomplish and rocket
power kick up the stairs that is not
practical
you cannot rocket me glide up stairs
like that did you just see me I I saw
you but that's not how it really works
in real life these are magic rocket
boots Jack a magical rocket boots from
pure real life yeah that's true this is
gonna be fun
okay apparently follow-up for is getting
low review by obsidian fanboys mad that
obsidian won't be touching the series
anymore around the colony and most other
people don't for I don't know whose
obsidian who created the series in the
first place and why is it obsidian doing
it anymore I don't I don't understand
these things that's why we're not doing
an episode on yeah so is prereq
exclusively a review show or can it be a
commentary show as well like what kind
of leave me my commentary explain
yourself Tiberius Kirk
explain yourself you know like our our
controller episode is you know they're
all review / commentaries what my cover
I've never seen that happen there we
have conversations
MC Lucas says I'm getting bad
information from the chat about fallout
4 getting bad reviews I am so surprised
that the chat is giving me bad
information rich I would have never
guessed
you know I haven't went around this
giant laser cannon pretty neat
it eats up your your your boost and slow
down time power though for ammo just the
drawback so fast that one down that's
fun though yeah that's a neat weapon oh
yeah ten beers paper we'll definitely be
doing more stuff like like general
gameplay stuff you know we did the
episode on like quick time events and
you know look back so I can sell to to I
really enjoyed stuff like that hey we're
in the mood for we'll do whatever we're
in the mood for we might have to do one
of those just because I don't know what
games are coming out in tanks I don't
know what we're gonna do next a lot more
no no I don't want it either oh I'm sure
it's fine I'm sure it's absolutely fine
I don't need to be told I'm not a real
gamer again because I don't like the
right games you just you just you just
didn't understand it rich it's meant to
be bad whatever we're talking about
hey Colin hello welcome it was way back
in the day me a bunch of bunch of such
people who who did you know like amateur
moviemaking like me it might used to do
in high school yeah I had to get
together okay and people who kind of
organize that they were John blue fans
and again it came up in conversation
look I'm sure sure all of us here were
influenced by John Woo and I'm just
thinking well no I really really wasn't
like at all like in any way shape or
form
insurance my jaanu that's fine person
yeah no no I didn't did a matte shape my
life
ya know in the way you seem to think he
shaved everyone's life yeah now that you
know John Woo has a particular style a
little little schlock bill that's fun
but yeah I'm not for everyone one
person's beloved franchise is just
another person's that thing I heard of
I'm sure it's fine John allude I think
was very influential on shitty
low-budget filmmakers like before before
the matrix came out and everyone was
ripping off the matrix that's all they
would rip off his John Woo yeah because
they think they would think they would
make action movies like general if you
got you got some slow-mo doves and you
got some guys in trench coats and guns
before the matrix you will rip it off
down move
Colin the Canadian guy yep that's
sergeant Zima 69 no big in the chat we
all like Colin from jamming us can we
get out Caminada mm Oh Colin from cam
Emma
well rich and Jack trashed Batman then
they liked it because their objective
a-holes we said what we said oh I said I
want to talk for Jack that gameplay-wise
it wasn't as good as the earlier games
and it's not that doesn't mean it's
necessarily all of it was terrible I
hated the Batmobile stuff but it wasn't
all Batmobile stuff that's there was
still no enough of the classic fighting
the stuff was watered down for what it
was in the air old games but it wasn't
completely horrible horrible I would
have rather played the other two games I
think we said quite blatantly that the
storytelling was really good and that's
what gave it a pass what's the what's
the problem this is the thing I remember
view I thought was like really
even-handed like oh there were parts I
enjoyed there were parts that I didn't
enjoy let's discuss those like you know
the internet doesn't like that you have
to either love something and explain why
you love it or hate it and tell why you
hate it you can't you can't have it both
ways but how could a game do good if
parts of the game aren't good rich
because parts of the game look good we
exist the internet exists in a world of
no gray area who was that who was that I
demand to know who made it so you can't
have a gray area no no in the chat that
bitched about that I don't know if they
were bitching or like giving an example
of being funny I don't know Lord's
saying all right I got your name now we
know who you are why what lord san oh
god sees a Dragonball Z jerk like
Dragonball bunch of people and they
found out named the power punch
just Lord cou you're calling upon I know
you're asking for the wrath of the
internet making fun of when he reaches
the new level no actually everybody's a
Super Saiyan now because they all
learned the secret technique for math or
genu
now we've discovered that Gohan ku I can
go mega fan so go on who is the grandson
of Gohan and Goku two actually merged
together in an episode pretty cool
actually
one of those airing on Cartoon Network I
was like morbidly fascinated with yeah
it was interesting I wasn't really like
in love with it but it's just I like
amazed that they would have like two
episodes a day and yet one fight scene
with last two weeks tab or e HK yes I'm
always jealous of the Super Saiyan hair
I'm jealous of everyone's hair anyone
who has hair I'm jealous of yes I know
philately I know they sound like real
Dragonball facts there's a fun fact you
can't tell Dragonball facts from
nonsense
I hate donut I heard about that WB is
offering refunds for the arkham knight
pc purchases like no matter how much you
play the game you can get a refund this
is the release to then at the the
updated version possibly I mean like
this is a new thing to say it is this
again I know they they they recently you
know quote-unquote
patched it and are selling it again but
apparently it's still pretty broken oh
yeah yeah
oh yeah I've seen ghost in the shell'
the the anime the animated movie ghost
in the shell' I enjoyed it it's been a
while it's been a long long while since
I've seen it but I remember enjoying it
when I saw it a while ago that's all I
have to say about that I know Colin I
know it's it's it's very sad but we
should be happy about this which he said
he's backing up all the space cop
footage on his hard drive ok and he's
very sad about that that he's backing it
up yeah that he's done working on it
that he that his part is done that's a
relief for me it's it's wonderful and
sad and and more wonderful let's be
honest here's the real wonderful thing
is people can can the wonderful thing
will be when people are able to watch it
I am so excited for people to see it
because I think it's really funny this
is an odd thing for somebody who's on
camera all the time yeah I'm always
extremely apprehensive about being on
camera and this is a whole movie with
like me front and center and oh god oh
god
yep
I think I think that's okay I think
people are like that all the time even
even people like you who are on camera
all the time this is still like a I
don't watch me though like who's the UH
there's just an article about this
recently that old lady who is in the
Harry Potter movies in on Downton Abbey
she's like she doesn't watch herself and
give a performance yeah the same
response huh the same that's to me I
can't
well well she doesn't do it because she
doesn't want it to influence her
performance like she watch the dailies
and she's like oh I don't want to like
see something I do and then have that
change my performance you know the
character I'm giving you just I want to
see it cuz you're not company yeah oh
yeah yeah
I know nothing about where J and Mike
plan on premiering distributing I have
no idea how they plan to release the
movie when it's done I can only assume
there will be some sort of digital
download dvd/blu-ray combo thing I know
we have talked hypothetically about some
sort of screened live premiere thing but
I think our first thing first was we had
to actually get copies getting them
print you know shipped and I'm gonna say
like step one yeah is finishing the
movie
step two only very recently very
recently Colin we're not going to
Toronto or will go to Thrones I've I
don't know what oh my god it's storming
up a storm out there
okay Colin you've convinced me we'll go
to Toronto I say that not having any say
in the matter
yeah by the way yeah just for everyone
to know I'm just gonna say yeah we'll go
anywhere engine mush shouts look great
people just see the rest of the movie
what is this shit what is this crap hey
maybe you know what maybe I don't think
so though I think people are gonna like
it I like it
professor princess will you come to my
house I have food I don't know probably
not I don't know a man do we have any
recommendation recommendations on what
game you should buy with your Arkham
Knight money Oh what do you like I know
yeah get that get that farming simulator
yeah yeah yeah you get that farming
simulator it'll be great
you know what game that I've been
playing recently that I really have been
enjoying what this window something I'm
gonna play later say what I'll get
through this section we also have to
play FTL because I was promised oh
that's true that's true so I could I can
actually stop this now or I could play
through this next section yeah grab
later I'm gonna I'm gonna check out the
chat you do you get if you enjoy the
thing I'm calling the swindle is a
sneaky spelunky so if you like spelunky
but wanted a little more sneakiness
you get the swindle I've been really
really enjoying
you know what
that's right
Oh
works like that that works it works
right right now
just to tease you guys because we don't
have the cam on I'm showing rich some SF
some special effect shots from space cut
some stuff I was getting down the other
night and I'm kind of happy with
I will be getting the expansion for
bloodborne absolutely I am looking for
any excuse to play blood-borne again and
I'm really excited about it rich there's
some sort of robot dog attacking you yep
gonna put that out there their cover is
a robot that's alive oh really yeah
that's great
that's funny
say
if they could make FTL - what would you
expand about it no more events kind of
perfect more events I would love you
know it's something we talk about a lot
but more diplomatic options I think
would be fantastic oh my god that's
awesome you know more just different
ways to play different strategies
because you know I usually end up
falling for kind of the same strategy
over and over again you know get
teleporters flak cannon of course yeah
got a flak it up other things do work
though it's not like they don't work oh
yeah yeah but you know efficiency is key
so just just more I would just I would
just have to be happy with more just
more
daddy
yep
what what what yes
hey Jimmy Jam 5 I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna repeat this question but the
answer is yes I did and yes I did and so
far nobody has noticed I didn't tell
anybody and I was really excited about
that because I've been I've been waiting
for someone to call me out on it and so
far no one has oh my grace
you missed the question on purpose I I
did not repeat the question purpose it's
true I'm pregnant I was oh wow that was
frightening
that's awesome as what that is that
there I I don't know if you could hear
that with the microphones but there was
a an impotent act full thunderclap
outside do I need no I don't need eggs
but thank you mr.glitcha I'm fine
tonight is one of the few nights where I
don't need eggs I have three eggs for
tomorrow unless Lisa used an egg for
something but I'm unaware of I would be
so pissed you said I'll pop my eggs
but I will need to get eggs tomorrow but
I was planning on going grocery shopping
anyway we need some stuff peanut butter
eggs of course
target if you're gonna back here how
sweet
target limits with this weapon little
buzz song yeah
there is a storm outside if I had to
play a game again Call of Duty the order
1886 or alien isolation I might play
call of duty just because I didn't get
like all that far in that and even
though its generic it moves along fast
night call of duty and it's kind of a
multiplayer thing how do you define
playing through that Call of Duty has a
single-player mission mode so and and
it's short I guess I don't I don't like
it much but it's a game it's a game it'd
be more of a game than the order and it
would take less time than alien so I
would choose normal duty oh good idea
Swedish Swedish al Swedish owl says Jack
I saw an old FTL stream on YouTube and
we had talked about doing a no pause
room yeah maybe tonight was gonna be
using the Steve
oh that's right we were gonna use this
team I'm not doing steam controller and
oh pastor sure that's a thank you for
reminding us of that though that's funny
but we're good we're gonna use the steam
controller all right you want to set
that up no sure all right
still huh I'll be doing for Tillery
swindle your call uh do do to do to do
to do well but this we've made a lot of
promises about that too yeah that's
getting FTL let's do fat ole okay all
right I'm going to update the stream
here
yeah Wisconsin it just started like
torrential downpour ins outside and I'm
a little frightened but it's gonna be ok
we might lose power at any conceivable
moment yay
lose power we're gonna play FTL rich is
gonna be playing though so there's a
good chance that will actually win which
is always exciting i'll backseat game
and then we'll swindle alright because
i've been enjoying the heck out of
swindle i'm gonna play some more of a
wish at some point not tonight but it's
a beloved game and I would love to pull
off no depth around at some point of
what vanquish yeah FTL faster than light
playing FTL with a steam controller is
like trying to open a door while wearing
oven mitts Oh fun I'm really glad we
filmed that episode earlier this would
have made it on we would have been
unable yep to film with this if I played
XCOM in a while well I've got 900 hours
and X come or something ridiculous so I
don't think I've played that enough I
always come back to XCOM sooner or later
oh that's interesting frequently uh no I
don't think I don't think any of the
computers have like battery backups to
save exports it would suck I don't think
anything's exporting at the moment I
don't know I'm sorry that's a reference
you won't get yet but I'm do boom boom
boom boom boom top 5 Pokemon that's a
great question yeah
yep that's a great one too that's too
rich ok great
but yep turtle turtle turtles a great
one
one more the caterpillar yep he's great
I I like I like ghastly I like
ghost-type pokémon oh yeah
mostly because I like I like poison and
status effect and he gasps Lee has curse
which I one of my favorite moves and
these are older generation so I don't
know like if these moves have been
balanced in the newer ones but I love
gasps Lee he's super cool gulping
because he's the cutest just a little
blob of green goo with a leaf on his
head and he's a poison type and I love
poison types
yeah the pokémon depends on which part
of the pokemons what most most of the
time a new generation equals entirely
new pokemons
okay sometimes there's some old ones and
some new ones it all depends I wonder if
that's true sometimes they keep the old
ones is it hey that's a chat is there a
Pokemon game without a Pikachu Pikachu
isn't the main guy anymore you know he's
still around he's the mascot I'm gonna
Google this is there a Pokemon game with
no Pikachu
boom Google that does not that's not the
Google the first answer from Google is
pokemon yellow which is the Pokemon
where you start with Pikachu so that's
that doesn't count
oh geez Jesus Christ
I don't know every main game every main
Pokemon game to date has had Pikachu so
they go
is there a Zelda game without link well
that's different link is the main
character Pikachu if you want to get
technical it's not like they're the same
link right they're almost always
different links you can name anything
you want it's in the game The Legend of
fart bar The Legend of somebody in a
green costume right who may or may not
have yellow hair than bran couple times
yeah really you know it's all it's it's
just the hero the generic hero but you
know Pikachu it was one out of a hundred
and fifty you know monsters packing the
answers that's a great question
huggy snuggle what you should make for
dinner depends on what's in your house
obviously for dinner I had the most
lovely avocado salad it was it was
edamame beans avocado obviously arugula
and this really amazing like pizza sauce
vinaigrette thing there's like a tomato
vinaigrette answer something is there a
Mario game without Mario if you want to
get dispensable how technical you want
to get I would argue Yoshi's Island
super mario world to where Mario is just
the baby on Yoshi's back but really
you're playing is Yoshi I think it's a
fair argument yeah that's a fair fair
argument and you got your whether or not
it's Mario game but Luigi's mentioned
yeah see like even even Yoshi's Island
is kind of is kind of a different game
than a Mario game no it's it's a sequel
to Mario World
oh sure but it's not like Mario world to
Yoshi zone it's not a like a running
jump plan
former you know yes it is well it is but
it's you know the mechanics are slightly
did yo she's island counts Luigi's
Mansion doesn't is like I'm getting okay
sorry that was a really round a
roundabout way to say that but I can do
say yeah avocado arugula tomato
vinaigrette edamame beans it's amazing
out oh yeah Mario is missing
do you remember that I remember seeing
it I don't think I ever played it yeah
that's what I want to play what do I
want to play a Mario game where Mario's
missing
that's just makes no sense hold on we
need to see all of this
Oh
okay
okay hey Jack did you hear that
CGP grey said that he watches red letter
media and rank to the Star Wars reviews
in the top 10 videos on YouTube oh oh
that's great a nice I had heard that he
was a fan and I am a big fan of his
videos she a few of us think she's good
mm-hmm informative back in the day when
I had a little more free time I would
also listen to his his podcast with
Brady hello Internet
why did I all tab I want to do something
I'm like an old man like a really old
man I completely forgot what I all
tapped out to do yeah what what was I
doing the setup and setting up the steam
controller what was I doing
I don't know I don't know all right I
got the first three when I was solo
streaming CGP grey is a he's a youtuber
he makes a jew tainment videos more on
the educational side of things he also
runs a podcast with Brady Haran who has
all those like numberphile computerphile
videos another youtuber the podcast is
called hello Internet it's very very fun
just to listen to two dudes chatting to
knowledgeable dudes chatting you can
look up his YouTube channel to see c GP
gray and I highly recommended fun short
educational videos chernobyl kinsmen Oh
Batman voice Sam Stryker 1 1 2 1 thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated it's true we really do I was
doing a jack impression earlier when I
did the first thing what you do it's
really really do I know it sounds
nothing like you how's the final it's
real when you really know when I hear
you it's gonna drive me fucking crazy
oh we're gonna fuckin mess with the
volume
fuck it go to big picture mode I think I
just wanted to pull this up the check-in
from streaming okay I'm gonna assume
that's what I was doing because it's the
only oh we can do to plug in the fuckin
state control we need to plug in the
steam controller and go into big picture
oh my god no believe it or not the
review is not just bitching about big
picture mode I barely mention it right
and you know what that might be cut out
really yeah the big picture most of ya
cuz it's not you know big picture mode
isn't the crux of the review but it's
about the control if there's time
obviously I'll mention it I'll keep that
in but the meat of the review was about
the controller itself big picture mode
is upsetting because it takes away like
one of the things that makes PC gaming
different than console gaming which is
of course the functionality of the
entire rest of your computer my Batman
voice has replaced Kevin Conroy as your
go-to Batman voice good because it's
it's a great Batman place oh my I'm
think I'm finally out of fucking
batteries on this thing yeah so we're
sitting that's what that means but
where's my where's my cursor maybe maybe
it's because I turn it on after oh well
yeah yeah I just don't it's fine big TV
big TV your heads not that big head is
not that big I've got some got some
decent life out of these batteries on
this thing I got a say oh right you know
what my head is not big rich it's shiny
this is the real problem it's
distractingly shiny my head forgotten
how to do this cuz I know it's Lackey to
get the batteries on here you shove that
up you don't you shove that up
it's really weird lololol tu-134 I don't
know if that's spam or not but mmm
I might delete that comment what do we
think maybe maybe I don't even
understand that comment I'm gonna give
you I'm gonna give you a ten minute
timeout lololol - one two three cuz that
looked like spam to me giving out a key
or something or there was something so I
gave you a ten minute timeout
I I know nothing of what's going on i I
gave love old tu-134 a timeout okay I
don't know if I should have or not but
the thing look kind of look like spam
and I was like maybe it's not my battery
because oh I'm an idiot rich is an idiot
I didn't set up the doll the dangle oh
you gotta put the dongho's
put the dingaling yeah dr. J did you see
that kind I think it was I think it was
someone fake spamming no no that's what
I list I didn't ban this ten minute
timeout this had minute thing in the
world
that's like going to prison that's a ten
minute time out it was not that bad it's
fine
actually this evening Richard neutral
I'm not drinking beer or coffee I'm just
having water
I had a big coffee earlier when rich and
I did the episode and now I'm just
watering it out it's kind of weird
I have no depressants or stimulants
right now in my body and I don't know
how to feel about that
oh he was advertising a teamspeak server
okay great thanks oxygen then then I
should have I should have banned him
instead of just giving him a timeout but
that's okay if it happens again I will
no it's a ban ban I know I'm drinking
water hey I'm sorry I never even tried
I'm assuming F still has no native
gamepad support I can only assume I've
never tried here I would assume that as
well yeah well you know here we go all
right all right you are using the steam
controller actually we should get a
pause key why am I such a bully because
it makes me feel powerful I have set the
pause
cuz I got pause said to one of the keys
on my mouse oh sure sure
I forget which key I have that mouse
button said to what the fuck are you is
there no pause maybe page two oh there
it is a spacebar okay what's that - game
sound they're saying they're having some
difficulty hearing the game sound Oh
mommy alt-tab oh wait you can't tell tab
ah oh no oh no I'm a big-picture moded
right oh you know what
if you press you manage to get to the
desktop if you press alt tab eight times
you can get to the desktop
that's the secret but then look like the
mouse is still there but also over there
I'm just trying to turn it up a little
bit no yes oh there's nothing that's
weird that can't be right oh well maybe
now you have to go back into the game
no no that's we heard hold on everybody
hold on
well well rich tries to figure this out
I'll tell you a bully story when I was
in when I was in grade school I went to
grade school kind of down the street
from the local high school and once a
year I think it was around Halloween
yeah it's there's something we're gone I
know what it is
the question is we want to stop the
stream and start it just just Ricky
jiggered things we want to get FTL you
know FTL has a pretty amazing soundtrack
all right so we're stopping the stream
to figure out the Sun you want to stop
the stream how do you host it what do
you do okay I don't know what to do I'll
tab five times to get over there
however you have to do that okay so
first thing is turn the game volume down
significantly so now what happens if you
just hit the speaker button turn it off
turn it back on again no okay so that
now I right-click on game capture
properties any sort of audio I hit
refresh just goes to Minot okay now okay
mmm something we all got all fucked with
somehow I don't know I said still trying
to do right I will leave this I will
leave this up to you rich or we could
just you know crank it up on the TV and
hope they pick it up that way but I
don't know you know rich I don't know
what to do here so what's the consensus
they don't care we can stop sooner start
again I will be right back

[Part II]
I just took gonna like and I don't even
know if I put it in the refrigerator
because it's like oh I don't know how
long this egg has been out I'm just that
kind of meek nerd where it's like okay I
have an egg now what what ship does
everybody want you got the Kestrel yeah
a beers loj on the steam version a or b
the taurus the osprey a or b the
adjudicator whew that's interesting the
Gila monster man of war the nacelle with
a Phoebe you're see the the crows the
brevis I've you know what I've actually
never seen the crystal ship be played
what is the channel is it cool that they
all want the dick the dick ship the
dickship they want the dickship oh then
they're saying man I'm seeing a couple
man of war what is like what is the
crystal ship Scott special crystal
weaponry okay
there they have some shield piercing
properties okay yeah other people are
agreeing with me that they want to see
the crystal ship is it like do you not
wanna is there is it bad to play as a
Christian I don't I don't really you
know I don't I'd like to avoid ones
we've streamed a lot yeah we think I
play the Castro like all the time right
and then I more often know as often
almost I play the Osprey well let's do
the crystal ship yeah
something new something weird and look
you get little crystal monsters and what
are your monsters do they can keep them
out of the healing nice cool the medbay
plane normal and we need to rename some
people okay why don't we how we how we
doing this so so who is this is this is
gonna be our who is he in the engineer I
see the pilot we can usually actually
humans pilot usually because they stay
all the time and the piloting it not to
worry about the special properties right
piloting and engineering or something or
they're gonna stick around okay so if if
he's gonna be the pilot for the first
person to say I'm a pilot the first
person who says I'm a pilot gets to be
named as a pilot
there we go I'm a pirate
the real Quaid so just me equates a good
question how do you type Oh open
keyboard
oh and I got to do the weird ass steve-o
you know what we didn't even talk about
the weird ass typing on the controller I
think for the most part of something you
can ignore yeah okay don't go back where
does it go back look at this huh it goes
back yeah because your thumb has to stay
there it's moving away slowly
well that's cuz your thumb is moving
slowly why doesn't it just why doesn't
have to go back huh why did why does it
have to go back doesn't make any sense
no for faster typing and so like you're
not starting at a point and then like
moving to another point this it makes
sense I just don't care for it Quade
okay what's your UA ID oh you guys can
see rich typing yeah it's pretty
pathetic okay so the junior Omega
engineer say I'm giving her all she's
gotten whoever says I'm giving her all
she's gotten gets to be the engineer are
you guys I tricked you you thought I was
gonna say let's see here I'm giving her
a future future J is the first to say
I'm giving her all she's got
you know what how about this how about F
future J because that you can't fit
future future J in there so f dot G
future James just future J but this is
future future JIT well because there's
yeah there's future J and then there's
future futures there is there are other
two future J's yeah really
well oh no I mean in the in the half in
the bag new storyline so by calling him
just future J you're actually like
you're you're disrespecting so how about
F dot future J sorry all right all the
way back to the beginning again okay I
just want to go back cuz I just want to
go back I want to leave it I wanna can't
see that I want to leave the cursor you
can see can see there oh that's such a
shame
they can't see your keyboard there's
something we didn't talk about and could
you possibly type what we need to type
in a chat to account for lag maybe but
then you can just copy paste
F future day perfect okay now we got
home let's say a trivia question
Oh trivia question who do I think is the
most beautiful one and all of a
Hollywood ever of all time oh I know the
answer to this yes everyone should
everyone should shock MA nice if they
don't have a pizza roll you have to know
this you have to pay attention to what I
say yep and someone typed it in all caps
so they know ready for it and all right
POTUS POTUS phht is POTUS get to right
it's Jennifer Connelly rich riches pants
tighten when thinking about Jennifer
Connelly this is true pa paa pa a - a
yep okay HT yes Jennifer Connelly an
incredibly inconceivably attractive
woman hey I'm pretty good actress yes
she can say those lines that people give
her to say it's a pretty nice
mr. glyphs you could have done without
the mental image of Rich's pants
tightening in the crotch area that's
weird I thought everyone would enjoy
that
just think of Jennifer Connelly and just
think about you know alright so next 6
next name well now you gotta give him
another trivia question what do you know
that I did the fur I did the human eye I
did that I did the Jennifer Connelly
it's a good Jennifer Connelly yeah but I
did two humans I don't have a question
for you whoever think of a question
first I think you just sitting there
well I can't think of anything huh
whoever did you say whoever asked the
first question that's I'm an idiot he
asked a question phasers to full that's
a question question that's that's what
you said this is good I'm an idiot I'm
very confused because I don't ok
whatever it's all fine that we're coming
up with another trivia question I'm very
very lost oh I'm I'm an idiot I I was
taking it to a little
I was taking you to a literal point
where you said Oh
someone think of a question and so then
it was whoever thought of a question got
to be named okay you get it it's fine
rich kids you know give a shit we're
starting the game finally it's great
seventeen hours spin it's been a while
booster so what does anything it's from
something there's quickies to ad grade
but how do I take that's the question I
don't know
that's doors Oh Tiberius Kirk that was a
good trivia question
that was a good listen I I wanted to get
going and so I I wanted us to move a
little faster than we were moving but
that was that will we'll save that in
the trivia question brain Bank you know
what I'm saying I've tapped my head you
guys can't see me down my head because
we don't have a camera rich is figuring
out how to play the game with the steam
controller
gotta figure out what all about in soon
howdy pause
that's the important thing okay that's
the most everything else I can do just
like as a mouse right quickie setup for
the engines okay
I'm saying the distress go go for it the
crystal ship saves all greetings
greetings it is so good to see you
we've ran out of fuel and floating out
here for weeks we were terrified a
pirate or those damn rebels would find
us first good you smell some fuel give
them fuel
yeah you feel one of them we give them
food
thank you perhaps us payments out
engineer can try to optimize you have to
reactor output your slug voice is weird
oh we got a reactor point that's nice oh
yeah yeah yeah we are from France
we are from France
all right down and then over to the
nebula you think down yeah you might be
able to hit a couple well does this down
lead to the nebula no okay yeah down hit
a couple down there and head to the Navy
on them
you Smarties smart you smart a small
rebel pit nearby it seems to have been
we're gonna get that for transport
rather than combat does not seem to want
to engage you and your ship yeah fuck
them rebels them parents secure their
cargo by force fuck yeah oh shit there's
the other stars I'm trying to escape all
those dickheads oh we got some slow
charging the shit how's that how's that
steam controller working for you yeah is
that are you enjoying the comfort of
your couch with it with with a mouse a
log if only I had a board if only you
had just a flat surface next year
oh my I didn't see that did you you know
a lot of people like tweeted at me the
Mystery Science Theater 3000 started up
a Kickstarter yeah for a new series or
something oh good good for them in their
fins yep
like I've said about mr. sinister I have
absolutely nothing against them but I
mean I'm gonna laugh at a bad movie like
like it's been since I was young since I
was in high school it's gonna be with
with my friends it's gonna be with my
yeah I don't need I don't need mr. Issa
as the service I'm just have no use for
yeah I I've seen maybe two episodes of
Mystery Science Theater and I enjoyed
him well I always got upset when they
would make the jokes for the movies just
because I wanted to watch the movie I'm
sure it's a fun show I'm an adult's I
was fully capable of making his own
jokes this is the thing we can't we
that's what we kind of do we kind of
make our own jokes
oh no no yeah you got to go back I mean
go back and then hit the store yeah yeah
I was worrying if I could go to the
distress than the store and then here I
want her to that would reach okay so
you're more likely to find goodies that
are distressed than the art nothing oh
okay this could be nothing
yeah we do Oh bother that might be
Rich's Christmas present no I mean I
just don't watch or care about Mystery
Science Theater 3000 I know isn't one of
them one of them is from the area is
like from Wisconsin thanks so Col I
think so I don't know one of the
original creators of Mystery Science
Theater 3000 is from Wisconsin so
something about living in Wisconsin
means that we are bored enough to make
fun of bad movies I did then did you Wow
there you go
also Illinois sorry Oh Mike was from
Wisconsin no Joel was from Minnesota no
Mike Mike from Mystery Science Theater
there oh they're both from a doughnut
it doesn't matter I wish them all the
best I'm sure they're good guys maybe I
don't know or maybe there aren't good
guys sure they're fighting I'm sure
they're fine people
I assume everyone's fired
yeah yeah three fuel you only have nine
feel right now
is the world big enough for our lemon
Mystery Science Theater yes of course it
is
don't be silly the tire like three
episodes to write is expensive the three
exits said expensive out anymore number
three expensive for fuels I'm not
average no threes cheap for fuel isn't
it in one say it's cheap I forget though
what's on page two today we only have 28
Rockville before it's a good of a
Heather okay but I'll make you pine for
it I could hand in what if they had a
sale rich what if they had like a sale
on fun flat cannon don't think they do
that they have sales all the time on fly
cannons all right oh my god you find the
source of a distress call on a research
station for a small laboratory fire got
out of control and it's threatening
those monsters their fire suppression
system is not responding did we help
these peels and how do we help them you
know I usually I usually go with doc
because you know your ship might get
hurt a little bit but usually can get a
survivor or you don't lose somebody like
you do we might you might lose somebody
who sent a who I thought that crystal
people were ancestors of the rock people
so there would be a special thing in
here then right
it's doc doc hey wait we got a guy nice
all right who wants to be a robot man
from Mars I'm just gonna say it's from
Mars I've arbitrarily decided that okay
so whoever whoever says I'm from Mars
gets to be the robot man from Mars bill
Tetley's from Mars bill
Tetley get to that spacebar you can do
it you can do it there you go
typing is a chore using the steam
controller it just is no that's just why
there's not an ey ring huh ey it is he
went it is the UI and yeah good old
built Italy you know who's gonna man our
weapons
it's always nice to have someone on
weapons get that aim up first so guys if
we ever got a transporter come on
transport sure duty I don't want to
stick him in sensors for now it's always
nice to have it as an external sensors
oh my god we will not play a text
adventure with the steam controller
future future J if we did though we
would we would do like just to monitor
capture so you could see how awful the
typing is but no the answer is no power
to shut down our engines we have to
fight these guys I just shut down one
tick that's fine you got a little bit
I'm worried about that they automated
the drone yeah that's fine that's fine
you got this
I got they're gonna know that you know
it looks like they're gonna hack your
medbay
it's not gonna yeah they never know what
to hack they should have had to plan it
like Angelina Jolie all that timing
worked out perfectly
what
what do you think I know I'm a nubian
what what Billy Zane we don't have a
face cam because sorry rich didn't set
it up and I was gone Mike I mean we
probably plug in it now if we plugged it
in now we'd have to stop the screen
again so we're gonna with listen we like
the face cam to the crystal ship is
beast until you start getting ships with
with more than one or two shields and
then you're not piercing the shield's
anymore and you're fucked Road horrible
wants to know if we'll ever start doing
twitch donations possibly yeah I'll look
into that like you know what's the
twitch donation people feel like if they
can just give us more money
why aren't we doing well I wasn't you
know I I didn't do it initially because
I wasn't sure how this would pan out you
know I wasn't sure how long we'd be
doing it let me set Matt up tomorrow so
we'll be setting that up tomorrow
apparently uh uh yeah I'll look into
that we've been doing this long enough
where I feel like I can I could handle
that and then usually like there you
know you can get something like pop up
on screen if you donate over a certain
amount of money and so a lot of people
like to be Schmucks
yeah I'd say awful things but me and
they give you money to steam control
power monstrosity that's right mr.
glitches is gonna be a special stream
tomorrow once we figure out donations
and then there'll be another stream the
day after tomorrow boss dreams mud
donations
well that's the thing like i-i-i never
really worried about the donations
because like you know we have the
subscription thing and to me that's a
nice simple business transaction
you know I give it as much money yeah
you make with the funny a couple times a
week you go boom
let's simple business but you know
donations can be fun you know especially
like if you're like for someone who
doesn't feel like subscribing or wait
there even what the fuck do we not have
what the fuck's running that rich you
started the stream let me check the shit
babe I never disabled them
oh my god they got turned off at some
point no apparently not turn back on
well there you go they're back then what
the fucks are back
what the fuck's our back why would we in
turn those off ever I have just no idea
Ridge
and I just just have no idea in any case
you will get thanked at some point
actually because they didn't because
they didn't get their their what the
fuck let's do it now sure
I'm suing that everybody hangs around to
the end of the stream yes okay let's see
here we stopped at striker Perkins
pancake house I'm an idiot
huggy snuggle I see why I see why that's
your name now and so one of us can say
I'm an idiot
zette arene cracker man 5 to 6 I'm an
idiot it's easy easy
befo Potamus has subscribed for the past
six team moons
my name is tape buttermilk biscuits day
for quarters
what kind of quarters I don't know sefa
ran just like just like somebody's like
leia and part of their bucks a quarter
that's quarter that's a quarter of a
person like a quarter of a sandwich yeah
it looks like a nice ham and switch okay
for that just little nibs little nibs on
that Sam they did great
Saphir and I said did you yeah I still
hung up on the quarters thing what's a
quarter of a person and how does that
relate to a person being gay for it
right like I only like I'm only sexually
attracted to one leg and so like part of
the human body is this like a Jeffrey
Dahmer thing
maybe we're subscribing we really
appreciate it
nice it's true we do we really do
appreciate it
you're strange usernames and all oh my
god that's great modern technology book
modern technology which I never think to
use when I stream because I'm in war on
thank you essentially I'm a glorified
moron thank you beefcake for making us
the plaque sure it helps out because we
use it all the time
how can you get to the exit okay that
leads to the exit up here and you might
be able to swivel down and up into the
exit see I think here and then okay okay
great
as I said it's nothing personal but
we're under orders
rubble ships weapons go hot you see it's
just business
I'm in the business of hunting where we
Empire we're the invited Imperial scum
good I sure thought i targeted I guess I
felt the target pogrom well is it's not
hey are you using the mouse oh my god
just my brain went to the mouse because
it's so much easier to use
is it this is a sneak peek here you take
this away from me because apparently I'm
going to do that oh my god you know what
my weapons guy is not a sneak peek at a
steam controller review I tried I tried
I tried
that's that's it that's the moral of the
story is you know trying is good
it's a shame you'll you never get
stormtroopers and orbital laser
satellites in FTL just some more events
more options more some more more
justjust another expansion yeah you know
I was like offers of cool I'll take that
yeah I mean now you're getting close to
20 fuel so you can you know start
murdering people again we're on a dip
yeah like that's what I want I wanna I
want diplomatic options I want like
puzzle-solving
you know like you have to figure out how
to talk to people in order to solve your
problems and then maybe you can get like
you know maybe maybe that's like harder
to do at first but if you're making a
friends in the first sector they come
back in like the third or fourth sector
and help you out sure sure
that'd be neat I've always thought FTL
needed a pacifist option yeah I agree
there should be a way to get past the
end boss with with diplomacy you if you
made enough friends along the way they'd
take the ship out for you oh I like that
yeah or you like you made really good
relations with like the soul tans or the
peaceful ones maybe they just broke her
a galaxy-wide peace treaty at the end
something like that right cuz I always
wanted to do a pacifist run but no you
can't win the game the boss is going to
murder you yeah yeah yeah oh you know
what I haven't been but yes that does
sound a lot like undertale that's
something I really enjoyed about
undertale you know how you are
encouraged not to hurt anyone alright in
advance to rebel automated ship remains
stationed near a small rebel state Space
Station however without functioning
sensors it is impossible to tell what is
inside
oh fuck yeah attack this shift to get to
the station man was this ship gonna do
nothing
look at this bullshit ship any we got no
shields fuck yeah I kind of love them
nothing about my band just went to the
house yeah because it's far better tool
for the job yeah the real net boy says I
live two hours away from Milwaukee
Wisconsin I'm going to get in my Lexus
and make these guys start the stream we
started the stream we appear to be
streaming at the very at this moment but
whatever I don't know what's what's bad
jokes and what's weird you know
sometimes you miss like in chat in jokes
and then it's like you know then we're
just we were joking about starting
straight it's a whole thing man yeah I
feel dumb that's something we can sell
yep
well donor up both work Donna donor up
oh I don't think you can make it up and
down well I mean that down or oh yeah
cross me WR down right right next to the
nebula right next to the nebula yeah
baby jump
yeah that's look at me look at me I've
tried it oh the precision the precision
unidentified ship was badly damaged and
still being assaulted by a space pirate
victim begins a distress message until
the pirate cuts in and offers to split
the bounty if you sit tight yes yeah
what oh I'll give you nine scrap fuck
you man you know talking about let me be
like 20 scrap hey I want to know what
we're gonna do when now
the shields are good not crazy then
we're fucked
we need so what's what's the deal with
your crystal bombs they can they can
pierced I forget which one or two
shields I think I might just be one okay
but they take a long time to charge that
is that they thing well they're kind of
useless if the ship has more shields
than you can pierce I'm gonna need
another weapon right right yeah yeah we
will all right fine our previous however
was not generous enough let's improve it
six fuel to rope two drones nine scrap
fuck them fuck them fuck that were the
heroes who's gonna save that other ship
no matter what the other ship might have
something better than that they usually
don't they usually don't healthy you
know a sick feel is nice but you know
fuck that we got we have plenty of fuel
right now we're gonna be a hero
maybe the ship has something better
offer and nine scrap I'm not gonna sweat
over nine spread see what I want is more
intensive incentive to take the passage
yeah I'd be great that's what I would do
what her net tails that's one major
change
if I had to pick a favorite brewery what
would it be a favorite Milwaukee brewery
or any brewery Milwaukee Brewer I really
enjoy MKE brewing horse crap no no let's
do the math let's do the math right yeah
to drum parts yeah nine scrap and six
fuel so zero was three each yeah yeah
but we have fuel and we don't have any
drones much yeah that's what I'm gonna
say man oh we don't you know what we dig
in 1600 about the same okay to buy the
fuel though all right can I say rural
brewery yeah I just did I really enjoy
MKE brewing that's that's usually kind
of like my go-to I'm not sure what to
drink someone sent me some chestnut
brewing beer that I've really enjoyed
and is nowhere in Milwaukee and so I
might just be remembering it better than
it actually is
a chestnut brewing is very very tasty
beer
does Jack have utter milking skills it's
I have done it before I have milked a
cow before it has been that's totally
ridiculous right it's it's been a while
since I've milked a cow so can I say
rural juror yes of course I can
burl juror role during a rural juror
juror thoughts on the recently announced
Star Trek series how that last Star Trek
series work out for everyone but you're
on the basis of enterprise mom you know
what Voyager really teetered out towards
the end yeah but we're talking about
different people in church sure I think
it's a different thing now but this is
what I'm saying is Voyager tear down at
the end Enterprise was enterprise and
and we haven't had much since then
besides the movies so
yeah that's right it the real quick I'm
not the one that flubs words usually
it's rich well people are just asking me
to say tongue twisters oh and someone
image as remind even that I'm not
usually in a case I don't know anything
about the Star Trek show rich excited
not care I want to hear more first see
what are you going with it yeah people
don't have much confidence and the
people in charge yeah but what can you
do you can't do anything about that
master jiggy lag 35 says rich Jack I've
been trying to get into Batman the
Animated Series thanks to you guys
but it seems to villain of the week for
me to actually get into it here you're
watching episodes from a later season
that's what you're doing first season
first first number of episodes it's
really good interesting episodes it and
then and then later on Fox the network
said well we want us all tours can you
sit Robin and it's like I like the Joker
in there no no no if I remember
correctly even season one had films of
the week but also this is Batman the
Animated Series it was something
targeted towards children I think you
need to skew your expectations slightly
and just be comfortable with villain of
the week there were some good episodes
but it's also a cartoon show with Batman
and villains so you're gonna get the
episode with a guy who had the
invisibility suit but he was you know
sounds villain of the wiki but he was
using it to like visit his son and
pretend to be his imaginary friend as he
didn't have custody they did some neat
things on Batman tests well absolutely
mob boss will his brother who was a
preacher and Batman was working with the
preacher brother to try and convert the
mob boss to turn in
mob pals are the one where any anything
with Rupert thorne who was just a great
villain he wasn't he wasn't a super
criminal he was just a mob boss the one
where Bruce Wayne loses his memory and
gets kidnapped and becomes a slave
laborer yes there are some very not
villain of the week episodes of Batman
tez yeah yeah there really are and you
know but there are also villains because
it's a Batman show just keep watching I
guess is the moral of the story cuz
there's some other do some research on
what people think the great episodes are
all right inside the nebula detective
Rome planning drifting through space on
its surface a huge monolith invisible
the distance into the naked eye a Zoltan
elder hell's you from the planet through
what content you have discovered the
great I look into its depths and receive
your just desserts
I know this one this one would be
neither go really good or really bad
okay and here he's the Sultan well
what's the Zoltan are there the green
people agree the green people and in the
coming times when the monolith speaks
not with a man he has no future and must
be left
pappas Matheson's why does rich say he
doesn't care for anime but then loves
Batman the Animated Series oh I think
somebody doesn't understand what anime
is it's not just animated anime is
something a little a little bit more
specific stylistically and I'm sure and
there are exceptions to the anime rule
by gazoo zone of the enders series yeah
hi Dolores actually really like that
yeah
I'm sure rich also enjoys like animated
shows like Rick and Morty he is talking
very highly about that it's just the the
general like sci-fi we're
Asian anime that that he we don't
usually get it to do it's not oh yes
fight oh alright well that's not the
really bad or good part yet I think this
is just the test okay yeah this is the
thing with with anime nerds is like
basically what all we're doing is
talking about cartoons ever that's
everything that's all anime is cartoons
right and so the genre is what matters
do you like you know everyone likes
Cowboy Bebop
sure everyone likes I'm in the animated
series and I won't accept anything other
than everyone likes Batman and cowboy
bebop cover me about fun
just cuz they you know you don't watch
the the ones with the the girls and the
giant swords so you know is that one I
don't know I assume there's one with
girls and giant swords is there one with
girls and Giants would you know what
looks really good you know what looks
really fun I picked this up at the comic
book store the other day and they're
turning it into an anime is one punch
man maybe heard of this he's a superhero
who's too powerful he can defeat any
villain with one punch and he's bored
and it looks very interesting and
haven't got around to reading it yet but
they're turning that into an animated
series as well and anime one of the one
of them one of them Meng Jie's one of
them mangas and I'm really looking
forward to reading it
somebody who's saying is rich rusty for
one yes I am rusty it's been a while
since I played FTL for another thing I'm
using the steam controller what happened
sometimes you get really good items
sometimes you do sometimes sometimes you
pass the judgement and you get this and
this and that and other times you'll
have been found wanting and then they
just attack you with religiously power
ship know sometimes it's got a block
okay yeah professor Carr I'd like attack
on Titan was an interesting one have you
seen that I mean I know you haven't seen
it but have you heard of that part of it
really interesting premise loved the
premise of it it took a little too long
to get moving to get to the fun stuff
but I enjoyed attack on Titan more so
just because of the tightness I just
wanted to see those weird ass Titans
every single episode those were great
the big weird human things those seemed
cool one punch man is already an anime
oh shit that's great that's great
that's great that's great I'm excited
I'm excited to watch it if I can watch
it how can I watch it let's let's sit
down
who's it airing when how where
yeah yeah it has attack my that had a
huge pacing problem but I think the
premise carried me over the pace of
problem because it's Titans are so
fucking weird I love them oh it's on
Hulu okay great I think I have a Hulu no
no the one punch mean the great
exactly Horatio's that lotta jakk would
you say your opinion on anime is some of
its good and some of his bad like
literally every other form of media of
course yeah I I think out of all of us
here at Harlem I've watched the most of
it just because I don't you know I just
enjoy things I enjoy being entertained
I'd probably be more willing to give
more of a chance I've seen I've seen
more animated than not that does
absolutely nothing for me sure sure I
think we're used to like an older series
of anime where we're you know kind of
maybe a bad translation maybe some
American some localization retooling
that weirded things out a little bit I
think I think good or maybe not I don't
know that's just
I enjoy things I enjoy things that are
good and and I like it when I enjoy
things that are good and I know these
are some controversial statements that
I'm saying and I'm sorry I'm very sorry
everybody I know I know what's gonna
happen I'm gonna blow with some of the
scrap we have and like engine upgrade
practical stuff and then we're gonna run
across the store and we're gonna have
like no scrap there's gonna be some
amazing fucking weapons no that's gonna
happen
yep yep
Speed Racer I really like the Speed
Racer movie have we talked about that
yeah yeah have you seen the Speed Racer
movie I think it's really good I have
not seen Avatar The Last Airbender I
know nothing of that I'm sorry but I
know I'm a horrible person because I
haven't I know that much oh yeah yeah I
don't know if that would do it for me I
like I like robots I like robots and
monsters in space and in Airbender is is
like wizards and and ninjas right
wizards and ninjas
mr. idiot man I'm gonna name your FTL
ship wizards and ninjas there you go go
forth we can name the ship we didn't do
that well there's a crystal turd look at
it it's great it's a giant crystal turn
robots
leave my chaste Keys they've been
fucking up what are you talking about
man see my cows keys nailing it I'm
gonna forget the name of this there
Netflix series since eight since eight
that was fucking great I loved sensei I
can't wait for season two little uh a
little cheese ball a little schlocky but
uh they made it work you can't complain
about something being cheese ball and
like ash vs. Evil Dead exactly exactly
an appropriate amount of cheese and both
speaking of ash versus the Evil Dead
rich and I talked about this the other
day but we weren't streaming and so you
guys didn't hear unless you did which
would be weird we didn't talk about I
was approached and doing we didn't talk
about episode two I'll tell you that
Episode two of ash versus the Evil Dead
I think this yeah I was a little worried
after episode one there's gotta be a
fucking store around here somewhere
can you go up jack up Jack up episode
two of ash versus the old that is the
direction I want the series to head I
thought it was I thought I was
distressed can you get back down what's
uh what's to the right now okay you can
get back down that's good
maybe there's a storm he believed was
not a store on this entire fucking
sector right I was a little worried
about ash versus evil that after episode
one it was fine but not not the greatest
thing ever
but two is fun he's really good and it's
where I want to see the series head
something I was telling rich that I
think that I think would help the show
is I want the show to be like ten
minutes longer oh my god two stores
I want the show to be exactly 10 minutes
longer I think it needs a little more
room to breathe it's tight it's tight
but I feel like it just it's like a
pinch too fast
five ten more minutes a little more a
little more characterization a little
more just let it let it sit for a little
bit is what I need I think it works fine
but I mean I'll tell you more once
there's once I've seen like five
episodes I'll tell you what I think of
the half-an-hour format we're fine in
that episode it could have been it could
have been less time than that story
because the awesome car battle
listen that was that was like a third of
the episode and the car battle is what
makes the I mean the rest of the episode
could have just been them talking in a
diner for all I care after that car
battle that was great but like I just
feel like the the it's it's paced a
little too fast for its own good give me
a little bit give me a little more care
give me a little more jibber peach it
benched too fast
I was saying I I do think it's nice when
they focus on the mundane characters
like like Reese something the cop just
raced count yeah like her story she's
such a different character from a she's
so normal mhm I think I think I think we
need to see more normal people on the
show because then it just it makes ash
ash special by contrast yes normal
people react being attacked by demons
who want to suck your soul out of your
body right you know and then you go from
that that absolute horror that realistic
terrifying horror and then you cut to
ash who's got a quippy one-liner he's
gonna shoot some of the face with a
shotgun I think I think that would make
the ash stuff more special you've hit
the nail right on that and what I do
worry about the half-an-hour format is
that there's not gonna be enough time
away from ash to make the ash stuff work
better oh that could be yeah like you
know you were talking about like the the
first scene within
one with the cops how cops handled that
yeah yeah very different very very
different which is great a little more
of that would be really helpful and
that's why you know a little more room
to breathe give it like let's follow
that cop a little bit more also goes
away towards making the the dead I had
seem more threatening oh yeah rather
than ask just beating their ass all the
time oh good that you know what that's a
really good point yeah that's a really
good point
yeah ashes so far handily won all of his
battles handily that's that that was an
unintentional pun yes he has chainsaw
handed leader
but oh I was in there what a risk I'm
gonna have a fight at that exit but I'm
gonna risk the store oh yeah you get you
have to you need that you need some you
need a better weapon here did it pay off
no no I did not tell how it did not pay
anything mind control that could invent
that could get you somewhere and drone
control
I need some offensive weapons to break
their shields no I hate being because I
only have five drones I hate being
reliant on finding drones
yeah I agree drones aren't you a drone
ship I like I'm a fanatic II control but
you know I'm not saying you have to do
it I wish I wish I could have found a
weapon god we need we need some ship
upgrades okay all right that's fine
right Lucy in Corbin that that cop
sequence in Episode one was fantastic
yeah oh that was great
please agree me know and and in Episode
two I won't say anything beyond the
dinner sequence it was just beautiful
and and that's what I feel like we're
lacking with the 30-man time it's like a
little more setup to be awesome uh I
appreciate a little more setup but
obviously I'm gonna still watch most
likely I'm still gonna enjoy the
goodness
from Mars oh no the man has meant for
Mars we are here to pinch your butt
cheeks no no your butt cheeks are made
of rocks crystalline rocks you just keep
talking out your mind you're doing
you're doing great jack you're doing
great
my pinches hurt it's it's where I went
and you know I'm not gonna
nobody sure why I don't know I don't
regret it
you know that's what I got that's what I
got guys there was uh sometimes
sometimes you start talking you're not
quite sure what's gonna come out in
Pynchon butt cheeks what happens I
apologize but not really but I'm not
really sorry I'm just so what's your
plan so you've you've suffocated in half
of your ship well I have three mantas
men and I don't have strong fighters
right so so I'm okay I think this is a
fairly common strategy in this game well
but people might not even know what
games mentis mantas been boarded our
ship matches men will fuck your ass up
they're excellent hand-to-hand combat
fighters they're great boarders so what
I did was rather than have them kill my
men and destroy most of subsystems on my
ship i evacuated my guys to the med bay
and then just open the the airlock to
suck all of the oxygen out of the room
so I would force the mantas men to fight
my guys in the med bay where my med bay
will continually heal my guys during the
fight oh yeah I like it
yeah and of course if any of the
boarders got trapped in the oxygen less
room their health would go down a little
oh you don't want I'm it I'm an idiot
I'm an idiot I've got crystal man I
could have done that all right if I yeah
yeah give him some fight points level up
their fight
what are your christy men do they seal
off lose okay I get if I get him I get
have sealed off this room right here
uh-huh
and then the Mantis men wouldn't be able
get in that door they would stay here
and suffocate sure is what I could have
done but dumb that's right
that would be great how'd you do that do
you do
close your doors yeah oh now that ooh 27
scrap scrap all wood it's a nice scrap
all right there
I don't know the real Quade I'm not that
impressed by Mike's ability to mimic
Palpatine's voice since he does a fine
job he does an excellent job because he
does an amazing job and and Jack is
wrong no I mean Jack is wrong I'm not
saying he does it poorly
Mike Mike should have been cast on a
Star Wars rebels show is what I'm saying
you know it's pretty easy boys he does
better than anybody he does it very well
I'm not like it's not something that I'm
you know impressed by

[Part III]
rich how are you dealing with the steam
controller now that you've gotten
further into the games I brother used
mouse I mean it's doable yeah I'm not
sure how doable this is without a mouse
keyboard you know in a normal controller
I don't know that it is at all I don't
think there's any setting to play it
they're signing I guess it would be
better than nothing but I have a mouse
why wouldn't I use the mouse I think
it's the problem with the steam
controller but you're saying because I
have taken away your mouse you're okay
using this team oh yeah why I have to
yeah that's true great well there we go
that's right it's Mike's Palpatine
impression isn't as good as my Michael
Caine impression himself no it's it's a
fine if I was just being I was being
contrary yeah for comedy purposes Mike
there's a very good Palpatine impression
we're all very happy I need to survive
to make this
that's that was only a to shield
Shepherd because I really fucking need
weapons you need what like I don't know
how much you want to talk about the
steam controller here or know how much
want to save for the episode you know
force apiece if you want to chat I mean
you're worth this is part of the things
we are playing this yep the steam
controller
you know don't uh you know we don't give
away too much but talk about it talk
about what you're playing right now oh
shit
I'm a subtable got a stupidity
I don't I don't yeah it's
it is what is what you started this way
it's it's not good enough at bridging
the gap to be worth it hmm yeah and as
someone who's coming from a controller
background I concur entirely but from
the controller standpoint
so hey go
so there you go all right it's supposed
to be a ton more accurate than a
controller not not near so as much I
think as to be worth it like if you're
gonna have like the spectrum between you
know controller accuracy and most
accuracy yeah as the steam controller
rather than being anywhere close to the
mouse accuracy is just a little bit just
just touch ahead of the controller maybe
no unless you're used to a controller
and then for me it was worse and it's
it's it's it's just not worth it for
everyone here in the stream tonight the
the spoiler alert for our next prereq
episode is neither of us recommend the
steam controller by the way
I think every controller should have the
customization options that the steam
controller has there's one thing it does
really well that's true that's true
other than fit though I mean the the
trackpad experiment I'm gonna call a
failure yes
oh those trackpads are worthless
but you know we should applaud them for
trying they have tried something if
Fayette in science
failure is always an option all those
poor engineers somebody's saying that
was a stinky britches all those poor
engineers they've worked so hard yes I
say as much during the review I feel bad
because you can you can tell they work
at it they tried to do something yeah
they really did and and you know the the
pros and the cons of the immense and
extreme customization options of every
single button trigger pull half trigger
pull quarter trigger pull the amount of
things you can do with this controller
is both wonderful and horrifying because
it takes so long to do it
but it's also wonderful the only problem
is it's not good it's not good it's not
as good as the things we already have
yeah the things the things a you know I
can do the things the controller can do
as maybe not quite as well as the
controller if you're not comfortable
using like like the right pad camera
touch pad thing yeah but I mean you're
just as well off sticking with your
controller that you probably already own
right and for first-person shooters
you're far better off just continuing to
use your mouse and keyboard or
controller than you are this the steam
controller it's like a middleman if that
doesn't do anything better than either
previous existing control scheme and I
see some of you asking I did try Ritchie
suggested that I try to find tuning
aiming using motion controls because the
steam controller does have full tilt
motion motion controls and I did not
like that I did not find it to be more
accurate here's here's what I had to say
about that I didn't I didn't I didn't
try that with the steam controller and
the motion control is actually
do work really well but at the point
where you're using the motion controls
to aim don't you have to kind of just
say that the the touchpad aspect of the
controller is just a failure exactly if
that's not working for you and you have
to switch to the motion controls then
the touchpad is then it was worthless
something I did try that I was really
excited about that I thought was gonna
work better was I used the soft trigger
pole on the left trigger - mode switch
the trackpad to a lower sensitivity so
that way I could have a high sensitivity
on the trackpad normally just to like
look around in a first-person shooter
that way I could look around quickly
soft pull the trigger for fine
sensitivity so I could aim properly but
the the jarring nature of the sudden
sensitivity switch made that equally
useless
someone who would like to play PC games
from the couch and dislikes both
controllers and mice and keyboard well
he just like both why are you playing
games how do you play games now if you
dislike both controllers and mice and
keyboard unless you are only playing
with voice commands go left
shoot shoot go left shoot unless that
was a joke finally dude this is probably
so I don't know if I will pick it up
again unless I probably won't pick up
the steam controller again unless there
is some sort of mega software update
that can address some of these issues
but I don't think there is because the
prop the big problem is the trackpad
it's not big enough you have to choose
between fast movement or precise aiming
and there's nothing that I know that can
fix that yeah steam controllers for
people who want a controller like
experience but want to play mouse and
keyboard Center games and I agree and I
think there are some games like even
even like we're good well I mean you can
finish stuff this is kind of my inky go
somewhere dress okay so like there are
games like this that would be hard to
play with a mouse and keyboard and we're
playing with the steam control but you
could sit play with a mouse and keyboard
on your couch great sigh rich the steam
controller is for couch use I know this
it's meant to make mouse and keyboard
games more accessible for people who
don't want to have a mouse on their
inner couch it's not meant to be the
ultimate solution it's just an option
for TV play yeah and here's what I'm
saying it's not much better than using a
regular controller I'm saying it's
nowhere near the aim and control of a
mouse it's it's like a hair better than
a controller and Jack doesn't think it's
all better than a controller yeah and my
argument is that you're just better off
sticking with your controller
in that case yeah I know it's meant to
be used on the couch and I know you
don't want to use your your mouse on a
college visit crap I guess finding a
board is too hard but I'm just saying
it's it's it's not enough it's not it's
like not an improvement at all or we're
just using a controller to play a
shooter I don't think it is I don't
think it's an improvement over
controller you don't think it's a minor
over the best oh you don't think it's an
improvement over a mouse oh it's it's
well I didn't I didn't think it was
going to marry that wasn't my
expectation mm-hmm I don't know if our
viewpoint is gonna be polarizing you
know I I I have I have stayed away from
all internet chatter about the steam
controller quite purposefully so I could
come to my own conclusion I just don't
know
yeah the gyro aim is nice but I'm saying
at that point the touch pads are useless
just make a regular controller with a
gyro aimed at that point what games only
support steam controller very skeptical
oh I can't imagine a game would only
support doubt that's game controller is
they focused taboos Kirk says I continue
to think that the problem is they
focused on the thumbs which are too dumb
to do what a mouse control does it's the
same with a touchpad remember how
irritating playing organ trip yeah yeah
that's the thing is is they they want to
replace a mouse which uses your whole
arm with your thumb fire beam right now
you don't have anything that cuts
shields a new teleporter might find a
decent weapon later nowadays a store I
need I need something to complement
these I guess I'm boarding I guess I'm
just gonna have to go with the boarding
strategy right now yeah yeah right now
you don't you don't have good shield
cutters so all like the blinds gonna be
you really want to find good shield you
you need a flak man do you get flack up
in here
there's gonna be some flak
they say no no they cut some talk about
the steam controller still and Mehdi
Elvan I totally agree with you like
setting up the steam controller is this
whole other bag of shenanigans but
that's okay you know cuz like if you're
if you're already a PC gamer my guess is
you uh you have some experience with
long setup times it is a little
frustrating wanting to just you know
pick up and play a game and not being
able to do that you know having to do
all the settings first but he goes big
steam controller Francis your argument
rich just use the traditional coke
controller then is useless rich because
this is designed precisely for games
that don't naturally support traditional
controllers joy to key any any number of
other different programs that will map a
controller to a keyboard and mouse they
they exist you can do it you don't need
a steam controller for it or you you uh
you go get yourself a piece of wood a
flat rectangular piece he doesn't want
to use the mouse I'm just saying it's
more doable than then it's given credit
for but
yeah and I guess you know really inky it
didn't work for us if it works for you
enjoy it I think that's great something
that I will say now that I will probably
cut out at the episode I mentioned in
the episode which is like if you compare
the if you compare the steam controller
with something like the Xbox elite
controller
you know steam controller is what 50 60
bucks and ultimate software
customization the Xbox elite controller
is a hundred and fifty bucks plus an
additional 30 bucks if you want to play
PC games with it and so it's like I
think they they hit their price point
perfectly funny and I think if you're
able to get it to work I think that's
great
congratulations it just didn't just
didn't work for us man
it's just she's didn't work for us
that's going on you have extra points
why don't they don't vanish already
previously I'd like to know yeah that
makes sense you get extra points man it
steam controller too and you know maybe
maybe the second maybe this steam
controller will give valve some really
valuable data on how people used it what
people's problems were with it
and steam controller too will come out
and be phenomenal who know me and you
know like though they'll ditch the
trackpads and they'll they'll have some
sort of like motion sensing electronic
goo that you stick your thumb in right
did you imagine that oh it's like a GU
whole that you stick your thumb in don't
think about this too hard you can only
stick your thumb in there nothing else
and by moving your thumb in the goo it
senses the fine motion that you can
achieve with your thumb why just the
thumb just two slots that you could put
both hands in and just by moving your
hands in the goon sends electrical
feedbacks to the machine - how about a
thing you hook up to your brain and you
just big controls nice nice I think I
think as long as it's dependent on your
thumb that's gonna be the issue because
I'm now convinced that the mouse is as
precise as it is because of your whole
arm and your wrist and your fingers as
opposed to just your thumb which is just
it's a it's a glorified clamp your thumb
this is the real thing so you can hold
on to things when and you know I'm
saying this as someone who does not use
a mouse for gaming but I understand why
a mouse is good for gaming because when
you are using your mouth when you're
using your mouth on the GU whole when
you're using all this sector sucks your
mouse you get your entire arm you get
large motion fine motion you get this
perfect machine that was built for
precise movement and when you're using
the steam controller you get the thumb
the thumb that was built from for
picking bananas off of a tree yeah
there's there's been some freedom slips
this is the thing I'm an idiot it also I
meditate says using an arm and wrist
allows for coarse and fine movement it
also makes it very easy to get so
mitosis or feedback
unlike the trackpad and I don't even
know it so much the sensory is I assume
that it's some sort of yeah I don't get
that but this is the thing we get
feedback my tongue was built for precise
movement thank you lady Bacardi I talk
pretty all the time oh fuck very much so
much my teleport strategy oh no its
death upon you no but pain of my ass is
sure
the Selma to sensory system is the part
of the sensory system concerned with the
conscious perception of touch pressure
pain temperature position movement and
vibrations which arise from muscle
joints skin and fasciae that's thank you
too much newbie that's that's a whole
one so this is I basically what they're
saying is your brain is really smart and
knows how to move your arm yes that's
great yeah Thank You spike thirteen
answer your brain knows where your hand
is and it can move your hand to the
place you want to put your hand that's
why the mouse works it's great
everything is great
everything's great outside
Gaming uh I and I enjoy gaming I kind of
quit and like for me with a controller
you don't get you don't get the fine
movement you don't get the precise aim
that you get with the mouse but what you
get is a consistent line you know you
move the thumb sticking us in a certain
direction and you know the speed and
direction in which your cursor is headed
and so instead of using your fine muscle
skills you're using your brain to
calculate when you will reach your
target and there's some adjusting along
the way but the steam controller you
don't get either net
one word matrix yeah you know that it
would be it would be very interesting if
there was a way we could plug a brain
directly in to a gaming machine I don't
know if I would want to do that
translated hey you didn't die script
the marker 'true grammar is a brain jack
in the back of the head yeah that's
probably not gonna happen in our
lifetime and I'm okay with that
sorry that's all right
shit happens very very
yeah yeah yeah you know what yeah wire
will go straight from brain to penis
hands-free jacking very funny jacking it
I like that I thought that was funny
when you said that so I said it could be
funny Nordic everything's great
I do read T Carlos yes I am a fan of the
Metroid Prime series I thought they did
that very well there was a couple
segments in Metroid Prime that uh that
get a little confusing backpedal wise
but overall yes I'm a big fan of Metroid
Prime series I really enjoyed how they
handled that transition from 2d Metroid
to 3d first-person shooter my true
yeah
it's not all the hairs
but
what's all from nothing for fucking
nothing
when Kaczynski hates runs like these
what like I'm like what specifically it
looks like you're you just not get
anything good here yeah I know yeah is
that what you're talking about I'm just
curious that disagree oh yeah you know
like there's no fun right you know like
right now you don't have any options in
front of you and so you're just
surviving which can be fun I'm an idiot
we will play 3ds games when I get my
three yes I ordered it like eight months
ago it feels like takes a while
takes a while for them to solder in the
capture device and to the three es or
whatnot I'm getting it them
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
or maybe not Oh Jack shit fucking great
fucking Jack flack the fuck oh now we're
gonna fuck shit up mister glitch the the
way to stream through TS games is you
have to buy this very specific 3ds in
which someone solder Zin a capture card
and then you you plug it into a computer
via a USB and that's how you can stream
and capture 3ds and footage it takes a
long-ass time to make apparently because
I ordered this a while ago and it still
has not come but but you know what
doesn't matter cuz we got flack
motherfucker flack in a crystal bi oh
this guy's got two shields you ain't
gonna no shields now
oh twitch how'd that work for him Wow
how did the you know what my bit my the
the hard question I've been looking for
to answer is like what's the battery
life like when you're just playing it
without streaming like without using the
video capture devices the battery life
the same different when I'm not
streaming with it how does it play
there's my big question
sounds a lot yeah it's a probably a lot
of malarkey
oh yeah man get it together what are you
doing are you doing mr. glitch yeah you
can just buy the the kit to solder into
your existing 3d yes but you know I
don't I don't want solder
you still complaining about the way we
say solder solder do do it do I complain
that you say weird things like lift and
tele no I don't know the answer is no
solder dude do I do I complain when you
say maths as if as if there's more than
one math no I don't wait how is it
supposed to be browns which isn't it
pronounced soul die is an element so
soul dire I've always pronounced it it
pronounced it's solder yeah a soldering
iron like the L is silent solder but I
guess it could be wrong I've never heard
an expert say it like a soldering
engineer and solder okay great that's
how we pronounce it slaughter
no it's sadder it's definitely not
sadder solder oh you that sounds gross
Colonel rich mustard it's not solder
like it like I'm soldiering some wires
it's always bad when your door controls
are on fire okay Jimmy mcawesome is an
electrical engineer and Jimmy mcawesome
says that solder is correct I'm gonna
trust an electrical engineer so great
Wednesday is pronounced to Wed in this
day that's right Wednesday what welcome
to a proper punctuation and
pronunciations and punctuation shop I'm
talking about sudden how do you see
solder is another one of those strange
English words Richard is not perhaps
anyway out spelled it's so fun proper
Wedgwood now I know I know it's it's
spelled Wed nest day but we're gonna say
Wednesday cuz fuck consonants you don't
need them
right
it's gonna be great everything's great
all the time
I like that student anyone sure it's
spelled solder but it's actually
pronounced throat Warbler mangrove okay
moderate local moderately is moderately
I feel like feeling generous today
absolutely warning intruder Zuma Gavin
your injuries
oh my god I just I just checked Twitter
really quick yeah lenka Basinski just
won the state champion kata hey good
going one and black belt and fighting
and got it and you know and got another
trophy for black belt in fighting that
man could beat the crap out of anyone
and he was so nice to us after we made
fun of his move oh I know how scary was
it meeting with Len is an incredible
badass yet is cool with us joking about
his movie he is an inspiration to all
yeah you know what one more stripe on
his belt and Len is legally allowed to
kill people that's true that's true he
needs like 10 more classes and he can
kill anyone legally just click on the
man that's all I'm trying to do look at
this area oh no mr. idiot man says the
FTL ship wizards and ninjas was
destroyed in high space none of the
stores had any good weapons so the
Wizards and ninjas was severely
outgunned against the rebel ships which
had two lasers and a flak cannon I'm so
sorry mr. idiom and may the memory of
wizards and ninja live on to inspire the
next generation of space goers what
you're saying is I've outlasted you even
though I started first
yeah that is 2001 a space house oh shit
I fucked up oh is it because you're
teleporting through space and time
that's cuz I forgot he was making a
beeline to get out of here so I gotta
act quick I gotta I gotta take out that
fucking engine oh Jesus you got guys oh
boy yeah yeah nope oh oh you did it you
delayed him did it
you destroy that destroy that engine
destroy it no that's my impression of
the weird noise that's at the end of
2001 the Space Odyssey destroy that
engine faster God niblets it's delayed
fine
that should be good
oh yeah now they're both in the red
you're funny you're four everything's
fine all the time you're like 80% like
80% right right
aren't you doing that aren't you firing
the crystal weapon after I lied I are
you testing out new strategies I'm not
noticing what she gets therefore the
crystal bypasses anyway and that is
gonna take down a shield does it does
the crystal bypass two shields or does
it only bypass one one they got to shit
so you got to flag them first I guess I
would make some amount of sense
you got flack I'm rich ice bone badger
says rich I can feel your steam
controller pain looking at the way that
mouse cursor is quivering around yeah it
does that all the time you know
according the defenders what am I doing
wrong with the steam controller does
that happened is that happening now okay
I can only assume you you should adjust
a setting a magic setting mad there's a
there's not like I didn't spend two days
trying to find a setting when I first
put it in the computer did you check the
make this work correctly box
did you check because uh as do that you
have to check that box
all right mr. da man that's what you
should name your next FTL ship is God
niblets one word god niblets rich bust
that out not very often but every time
he does
I enjoy God niblets that sounds like
that sounds like something you know God
leaves after a messy bathroom situation
to power just one damage to damage
once's shots - shots - shots to power is
that
I deal it's you know what that is that
the whole laser is a ship destroyed
right and with your boarding party
strategy you're not looking to destroy a
ship so you're looking to take out
systems yeah that you're right what I
need a mantis men I'm dead serious
questions do I hold on to these one
missus you know what's or missus this
war missiles are nice just tense times
when I run into ya bright like the swarm
missiles are for when you need to
destroy something quickly
Arwen something shields are just
comically ridiculous right
I agree Gillian is amazing
in all things in every way the only
problem is she lives approximately 1,800
miles away yeah she's quite a distance
from us she has she has a you know like
a job and shit in California
everybody likes Gillian that is for sure
last night in town that's not a doubt
she's great but she lives in the
different states so it doesn't get to
happen we don't we don't get to have her
on every episode of best of the worst
I like that Julie a lot
she was really fun to hang out with
general oh you're looking I lost my
laptop I thought you're looking at me
now you're supposed to say something
rich she does that yeah she does actual
stuff she she acts she hasn't you know
other job she does stand-up comedian
yes exactly
why Chuck Staggs to California why would
an actress want to live so far away from
the bustling entertainment hub of
Milwaukee oh you people in your jokes as
a good job because Milwaukee is not a
bustling entertainment hub it's it's in
fact really hard for actors to get work
here because not a lot of video
production happens in which actors are
very quiet overstating the obvious is
that how low our standards have gotten
yes how many times I have to tell Animus
prime yeah I think all of the Halloween
movies are shipped
oh except for Oh someone you know what I
saw someone sent me a twitch message
today with their address whoever that
was I'm sorry I missed out but yes all
the movies should be sent out signed by
everyone everything's good
all right makes another ship yeah yeah
yeah
that's true leftover beefcake if we had
a donation button we could hire better
comedy writers for pre rock we get we're
gonna get right tomorrow we're working
on it we're gonna get it tomorrow it's
gonna be great
speciality door system oh fuck yeah four
eight yeah yeah yeah my doors while ago
anyway yep
I'm Jeff it's all right well I'm gonna
look into donations for I actually have
no idea I'm sure it's just like a box we
check in the twitch dashboard I have no
idea how it works in real life next
thing I'm going to upgrade let's give
you those fuckin sensors to see where
the people are yeah those what's the
word yeah anything about the lone
mermaid that loves little more it's
great great movie great well good songs
what's a fire and how does it what's the
word burn when's it my turn it's when
Disney movies for good still yeah yeah
all right now there's a couple all right
ones Disney a couple all right yeah
tangled is kind of man if people love
tangle it's fine
people love tangle don't think I don't
know it's fine
Tango's fine frozen oh oh I meant I
meant frozen frozen so when they love ya
I'd say the story about how I had to see
tangled you had the Z's angle yeah no my
Mormon sister came to visit and she
refused to see an r-rated movie
the only movie we could watch that met
her approval those in the theaters was
tangled oh is that a Mormon thing or a
her thing ah both you know tangled
speaking as someone who often has to
watch children's movies like I'm forced
to because I have children thing is not
the worst there are there are bad
children's movies Tango's all right the
tangled lady hits a guy with the frying
pan and I like that Bartman I want
frying pans use more often in violent
situations that's fair cookware that's
fair
that's fair how about brave brave sucks
I hated brave do you see brave it felt
like a Disney film brave sucks man made
no sense
brave is what happens when Pixar makes a
Disney there's nothing special or unique
or interesting about Briggs very
standard very Dell I was so pissed off
at brave
brave was picks out taking a giant step
back like hey you know in our other
movies one when you know characters like
make decisions and like do something to
affect their lives not in brave she's
gonna follow a magic glowing thing
they'll tell her exactly what to do she
won't have to shit she shoot a bow and
arrow have red hair
hate it bullshit that's what bravest
bullshit life is bullshit and so is
brave boom done
said it
I like to inside out I like that inside
out
we just recently watched it again neat
not great not like not like top tier
it's no Wally but it's neat Wally is
that's my favorite with Pixar cuz the
favorite it's close that's a real close
one right with me you think it would be
slam-dunk be Incredibles you think it
would be yeah but I lean towards up or
wall-e you set up before to it and I'd
like up is not up there for me office
amazing wall-e is the bomb diggity if I
could bring back some old school and go
no you cannot
then then wall-e is really amazing but
you know ups good to Incredibles I you
know what I forget about there and
there's so many like fucking you know
resset fucking what are you doing I'm
just beaming over there and we're gonna
deal with what I have it's okay you know
like all them are good right that do it
that's good I think there's even a
there's a case to be made for cars the
first cars it's not great but it's a
nice slow damn cars to is utter
horseshit if you've ever seen cars to
utter utter horseshit Oh more imminent
jobs I'm fuck now I'm gonna lose these
guys
you think yeah I'm dead there's nothing
I can do you delay their FTL up now
Simon again was that both of you rock
guys they must have had an autopilot
autopilot fuck so sorry I'm saying I'm
not paying enough attention to what the
mission says before they start so sorry
after you lost your got Oh charge lasers
and chain lasers damn dog it wins men I
get rid of one of those shits too
what's crystal vengeance
takes damage there is a 10% chance to
break off a shower that fly there yeah
oh that's nice
Cristal vengeance nice enough my
discharge lasers
what I don't like this church is that
much you know it's not as the chain
lasers nice cuz you know builds up
momentum charge lasers is you can eat
you go get one quick shot off which is
really nice yeah but now they're not
great I'm not I enjoy the chains better
than the charges because then after a
while you know you get a couple chain
lasers and shoot up all the shit that's
exactly what happened the the the
crystal crew members while trying to
take over the other ship we're too busy
arguing about what's the better Pixar
movie funny where you need to go you
fucker
precision
I I did I had a Roku someone was asking
me if I have a Roku Apple TV and was on
fire stick or other what would I
recommend I did have a Roku I guess
technically I still have a Roku but I
just got the new Apple TV because I'm a
horrible horrible Apple fanboy and I'm
liking the Apple TV a lot but any of
them work you know if you're just
watching Netflix Amazon Hulu whatever
any of them work perfectly fine okay
we're gonna do it we're gonna fucking do
it to do it I'm with you 100% you know
if you have like if you have like if you
have an Android phone I would actually
look into the Google chromecast because
then it's easy to like look up stuff on
your phone and send it to the TV that's
why I like the Apple TV I can look up
stuff on my iPhone and send it to be
able TV also I really like the Apple TV
because of the voice search makes it
really easy to get to stuff instead of
having you know to go to like oh I'll go
to Netflix and I'll look for this you
just tap the button and say hey show me
Fargo and it shows episodes of Fargo
right
so that's you know that's my pitch for
Apple TV but at any of them work they
all work I have good things about that
chromecast just like tiny little HDMI
dongle plugged into your thank you
Roku works really well for a long time
for me but again what do you get another
two chain lasers double chain laser do
you have that much power double chain
lasers and an automated reloader
yeah what to sell what does so so what
is the crystal bi do 15 seconds cuz you
know with two chain lasers and a flak
you don't need to worry about shields no
more
it's pretty nice I my shots fired one
just one shield piercing just one shield
piercing what do I need to afford that
thing even selling the scrap arm and
both of your crystal weapons you don't
have enough to buy it you can't afford
it
oh don't you decorate all right I guess
you could get rid of your flag have to
chain lasers you need wood you need to
sell your flack and something else
though wait what's your flag so far 32 I
could see the 52 and you need you need
another 12 so you need to sell your flak
and like your scrap recovery arm and
that'll get you enough to chain later
you know very powerful very very
powerful
right
cinnamon yes I can only assume that
because rich is doing so well at the
game we'll be pushing off the swindle
tool in the other night but I will be
playing it I swear I've been enjoying it
I recommend you get this window but rich
is correct I tweeted that we were gonna
play this window before rich brought up
a really good point which is that we
promised this I have a I have a very
short memory question is yeah do I sell
Aflac and one of the crucial weapons or
ISIL both crystal weapons and the scrap
recovery so if you sell both crystal
weapons and a scrap recovery you have to
chain lasers in a Flajnik yeah that's
pretty powerful that's pretty powerful
yeah do that
fuck them Chris I'm surprised surprised
you get so little money for those
crystal weapons
I like the scrap every arms yeah that's
good we need the fight we need firepower
and two chain lasers because there will
be in the sink yep I want those and with
the automated reload you'll be able to
destroy anything that comes near you
we're doing it do it do it sell it sell
it
Oh God
you know what after we destroy everyone
in the galaxy we'll buy a god
oh fuck after we rip the scrap out of
the lifeless bodies of our enemies fuck
you we will make a scrap recovery arm
from the corpses of dead mantis soldiers
it's going to be great those are some
hard choices yep
yeah yeah it's gonna be great though
we're gonna murder everyone murder
murder murder murder murder murder
murder we're not prepared for that weird
yeah controller handicapped
they broke through that there already
alright so they can
anyone thank you hey it'll take a while
why don't you start depleting oxygen
closer to the medbay - oh sure but if
you start depleting it there notice I
don't want the doors open no no just
open those outside doors okay okay and
then you know by the time they get there
that room will our to be out of oxygen
not it can't be fuck yeah I keep that
close
fuck that bridge
oh and they're dead already yes nice
strategy you should try playing with the
power glove oh you crazy people oh you
crazy people it's so bad if we had a
power glove you should see riches
I wish the cam was here cuz like rich
has this like frustrated exaggerated
movement every time he needs to click
the mouse buttons and he can't quite do
it with the controller and he's just
like fuck man that's great
let's wait wait give him the full brush
you can do this be patient time the flex
get there
that'll be time for these question is
what am i priority the plane assign a
dangerous game here rich weapon and and
the yeah not quite
take what you can get take what you can
get take what you can get that's alright
did you hear about the guy who beat dark
souls with the Gamecube of Bongo
controller ah
people are fun
Laura
fucking flak
Oh last-minute disappearance should have
seen that coming
we should have seen that coming rich I'm
Myrtle ate him Jesus Christ it's a
massacre it's a slug mastic and by that
I mean the slugs are massacring us and
that sounded like we were massacring
slugs but fuck Jesus fuck
Oh running away yeah yeah better than
dying Oh
well Jesus oh and you're down a shield -
you can do it rich no I can't
well I mean you can press the button on
the controller no I don't think you can
win now you really can
you are indeed super boned would you put
the
as well read some of those the good why
lumpy head 97 and hear it toss soon
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it I don't know why this
wants me to read these right now it
seems very strange but you know all of
you we appreciate all of your
subscriptions you know leftover beefcake
for making us this wonderful watcher
it's getting really great I think it's
been a fun evening and you know there it
is it's a rich yeah you're never gonna
use the steam controller to play FTL
again no that's exactly what I was gonna
get to like would every motion every
every everything I wanted to click on
just felt like labored yep and I'm sure
that was easier to do that it was with a
controller but it was probably about 90
times harder than it would be with a
mouse but I can play from a couch cuz
I'm too lazy to put a board on my lap
and I get a wireless mouse so it's got
that going for it well no it wasn't the
controllers fault
no no because the pauses it really
wasn't the controllers fault I'm just
saying not a comfortable way to play the
game right not my first choice okay
yeah all right everybody it's been fun
we've really appreciate everyone coming
out you read those red lines - thank you
to all the new subscribers thank you to
the old subscribers thanks for everyone
else who just came out first and Steve
could've been fucking around I have
