Aug 23, 2015
Space Cop Effects
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/14297698
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/14301068
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJuq_bp9gH4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wo3otIkUjE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/635627705640185856

[Part I]
ah people should be seeing you in all of
your glory as the space come right now
yeah glory all your glory boom by anti
glory your anti glory and all of this
fat hello everybody
oh good people are seeing hack frauding
do you hear me the here rich
do you hear some music in the background
WC space cop these are all the important
questions these are all the important
questions you think about those
questions while I tweet a little tweet
tweet a little tweet at me yes and what
the rich sings apparently so rich right
before I hit start streaming yeah you
were saying that you don't like the
Smurfs I never really liked the Smurfs -
no I just got a splint stupid I don't I
don't get it I don't get what's so
interesting about them oh can I just go
ahead and say I'm totally with you yeah
I think the Smurfs suck okay well I
might be going a bit far I mean yo come
on no no they're terrible pointless yeah
that that makes them terrible at their
pointless I mean at least the storks
were underwater an underwater is cool
what the snorts those are the basically
they're underwater Smurfs right with
snorkels on their head right I don't I
don't want to remember those okay they
were a short-lived thing there you go
they came out during during Smurf pipe
you made something just like the Smurfs
but not exactly the Smurfs
we put them under water called a snork
like do you guys your music do you guys
hear music I've been I'm hoping you do
because I have music playing in my
headphones you should be hearing an
album by chris christie dulu the same
guy that did the risk of rain soundtrack
did to this wonderful album called
hexadecimal and I think it's really cool
and we'll be linking to his band camp
age throughout the night
mods could one of you link to Chris
Chris to do it was the guy who did risk
of brain spam campaign because he asked
me to and right so here's what we're
doing I hear music it's quiet though
well yeah that might be a little quiet
I'll turn it up here is what we are
working on tonight we are working on
space cap special effects oh and rich
yeah do you have the the subscriber note
for you Internet yes it's turned out
great so you keep keep on that well I
well I start up the the space company so
one of the things I've been doing here
and I'm just gonna kind of this is I
guess you know a little preface is um
this will not be like a tutorial video
this is literally just work that I'm
doing on space cow like usually in
tutorial videos they'll already have
done the effect and kind of just walk
you through the steps to make sure that
they do it right right but I I'm just
doing work on this and so like I might
have something up it might take me a
long time to get something done but
that's that's good they'll see what the
deal is exactly so
I guess that's what I'm saying is is be
prepared for failure and be prepared for
slowness but it should be a lot of fun
this is something I've been doing a lot
space cop is window and scream
replacements and so if you see over here
is the green screen window for this
scene and this was a little tricky
I'm handed the tricky stuff to to motion
track and so right now I'm in After
Effects this is After Effects CC 2015
and what I'm going to do is export this
clip so this is a pro res clip that Jay
gave to me and I like to work in mocha
for motion tracking and the thing that
mocha really likes is TIFF image
sequences what is a TIFF image sequence
so yeah I mean everyone knows that a
movie is a series of still images you
know put together right bond when it's
like a QuickTime movie it's put together
as a movie but if you export it as a tip
sequence it literally is exported as a
series of still images okay and they are
much higher quality surgeons EEMA Colin
Colin is working on space convey effects
right now hey Colin please was I was
gonna have a good laugh because he's mad
Colin you are a professional and please
be kind and be kind to my level he's
gonna watch this whole thing while
chuckling exactly
okay so what do we have to do
great okay so I'm gonna export this out
as a tip sequence which will just take a
little bit no doohickey you're tweaking
notification came on time this time we
just started a little bit ago I haven't
even done any affecting Jack can you
talk about your trackball thinking of
getting one oh yeah I tweeted a picture
of my little work station right now I
have a if you check our Twitter I have a
bamboo I don't know if it's called
though I call it a Wacom but I think
it's also called a Wacom and so I use a
stylus a tablet stylus what a Wacom what
are you a racist no basically you are
rich funny you must be a racist I just I
just started watching the the wheel of
the worst I haven't even gotten through
it yet and so rich talk to me about your
rampant racism what rant rampant is what
I please oh so anyways our to talk about
my trackball I like my trackball just
because I do a lot of a lot of mouse
work and I find it it works really well
for precision work and
and it's light on my wrist and that's
something that's really important to me
because I just do stuff all the time so
as you see here like normally like a
like a movie like you can see here this
literally just exported every single
frame as a still image which is super
great for from oka because it means all
every single frame is a very high
quality bokeh what are you a racist
what's your problem I'm not the one
who's saying Wacom we could and Wakeham
and mocha alright yeah Colin you were
there for that episode what was going on
in Rich's head I think so also something
really important if you if you motion
track in mocha and you start a project
this is something really really
important is you have to double check
the framerate because as you see here
the framerate is set to 24 frames per
second but if we look at the actual
footage back in After Effects here it's
uh
this is moon mayor 1 if you look right
here the actual frame per second is
23.976 and that kind of that like little
bit of variation will really fuck up
your track so heads up mid there flipper
I've made that mistake a couple times
let me get these out of the way we'll
keep up on okay Oh key b85 future future
Jay cracker man 5 to 6 avi an yo and jr.
collie 22 for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we do ok so now
we are in mocha and mocha is a planar
tracker which sounds crazy but what it
means is it's really good at tracking
planes and movements and so what why
would you want a planar tracker not like
a fancier one that could do more stuff
the planar tracker is the fancy one that
doesn't make any sense
oh I get it the planar
Ridge I honestly didn't get that joke
for a second thank you ah what is the
learning curve for something like After
Effects is it hard to pick up if someone
already knows Photoshop a lot of the
basic stuff is the same really just
figuring out you know the
the buttons and brushes do you know
After Effects is all about brushes or
Photoshop is all about brushes After
Effects is more about like layering
effects and you can figure it out if you
already know one it's easy to move to
the other okay so this thing this window
is what we want to track right this
whole wall is what we're on a track and
so I'm going to grab my spline here and
make just basically a really sloppy mask
mmm I'm gonna get sloppy mask on it okay
so that is a pretty good mask and
I've been practicing talking myself
through yeah all of the on the process
so I can just say it out loud okay and
so basically what this exes spline does
this is called the next line is it just
looks at the information inside of the
mask and then when I hit track it will
try to match all of the information
underneath it
and okay literally just that easy and
we're gonna turn on all the little
doohickeys here translation scale
rotation shear in perspective and would
you see how good of a track we get and
already I can see it's it might be
coming up a little bit but we'll see
well see that's right Len flick ocinski
we are the top streamer of space cop
effects I lost it I totally lost if it'd
be sad if we weren't
wouldn't it be yeah okay so because we
know that we are you know this wall is
one plane basically what we're gonna
have to do here is another X plane here
so you know basically we just want to
say like everything
so Jacob at what stage of the movie are
we going to digitally replace me with a
real actor good question good question
uh you know I've been talking with Jay
about that and we've been working on
some options okay cuz I haven't seen any
work but you guys have done that yet I
mean you know we were trying rich we are
honestly trying I know I was just like a
like a like a temp actor right so you
can find somebody
farmer Joe was saying why don't you just
chroma key the green screen Jack we can
we can just chroma key the green screen
what I'm doing right now so obviously
we'll take out the green screen but we
need to put in an image behind the green
screen and it needs to be the exact same
as the camera movement and so basically
what I'm doing right now is telling I'm
telling the computer or I'm letting the
computer figure out what the camera
movement was and then it will match the
the cameraman we could like yes well
just green screen out and actually we I
won't be green screening out the actual
window because if you see here
doo doo doo doo doo hey I'll get a
little closer
Jane Mike didn't paint this screen they
just used green pieces of paper or
painted big green pieces of paper and
today we're great this is a paper we
sprung for the green pane you forced you
sprung for the great thing so
congratulations but what we have here is
these big awful scenes and that might be
a pain - green screen out but if I get a
really solid track on this wall I can
make just one mask on this window and it
will be a perfect mask and you we won't
have to worry about anything I see I see
so this is you know it takes a little
more time to do it this way but if we do
it correctly and I'm hoping oh yeah this
is much better already I can tell
so I'm you know what I do what I did
there is I added this other mask down
here to give Moka more information on
the wall that we're trying to track
people people in the chat are
complaining about lag
what kind of lag buffering I don't know
what that means it keeps freezing up oh
I guess it's not much we can do about it
I don't think oh you know what there
might be something we can do yeah there
might be something we can do about that
okay I don't know why do I might have to
stop and start the stream I might have
um I might not have this dream settings
set up correctly hold on first up I'm
shooting from my Mac today and we
usually don't do that
have we ever done that no no I've never
I've never Oh yep this is totally my
fault
oh don't mind me you you should find I
just changed a setting they were go
sorry about that you should find that uh
it's streaming a little more smoothly
now we can hope we can only hope okay
hope hope against hope all right hold on
oh where was I you guys I'm trying to do
work and you're talking about dreaming
I think by streaming this now I've
reached a new pinnacle in my workaholism
in which I'm bringing work to my work
that's no that's just efficient right
you know I'm trying I'm trying so what
I'm doing here is I'm taking this one
frame at a time because I don't want
Rich's leg to get into the track because
that'll mess up the information that I'm
trying to give to MOCA and so I'm just
waiting I even say like we're getting
and so basically what I can do which is
really awesome is I can just kind of
move this mask here and it'll keep
tracking as if nothing's the matter keep
tracking that's amazing what the
technology can do isn't it beautiful
yeah I never even thought we'd get to a
spot where computers gonna read like
handwriting yeah and they can oh yeah
and so basically all it's doing now is
looking for this windowpane and it's
doing a pretty good job now so this
should be it this is great whoa wrong
setting Jack your yard down what Oh did
the phone did the phone dial numbers
blow up your headphones really apologize
for that hopefully now you can see the
stream more and that's the more
important part now that's the more
important part okay so let's check on
this track so basically what we're
looking for now is that this thing is
like a part of the wall and it looks
pretty good but there's a way we can
double check on that
so here's the fun thing about modern
digital cameras is they have this thing
where if you move them too fast it turns
the world into jello and you might be
seeing that now with this window you'll
see the window kind of wobble a little
bit as the camera moves and that's
really awful but the good news is as we
can see it you know the good news is
MOCA kind of figures that out all right
so I'm gonna set this box here a chant I
think it's too late for me to pull in my
leg to do what
pull in my leg was getting in the way
your mask oh no that's okay if his leg
would have gotten in the way I would
have masked around it and hopefully well
we'll come into some footage where you
can see that work yeah I'm not there
life no we're not filming we're not
filming rich live pretty good so I turn
on this grid here because what I'm
trying to do is make this grid match the
angle of the wall
if I do it right if I do it right so now
if we watch it it should look like this
grid is stuck to the wall basically of
course there's no guarantee that I'm
doing it right yeah but that's okay cuz
this is just what we're doing this is
what we're doing tonight we're working
on space cotton this is your first
official sneak peak at space cop I hope
you're enjoying I hope you're enjoying
this twelve frames at a time you guys
are helping you guys okay so now let's
watch this and save obviously all the
time save let's watch this and see if
this grid is stuck to the wall and it's
looking pretty good
and looking pretty tight you know as you
can see what's what's really interesting
is like just how much the wall you know
the the angle of the wall warps as the
camera kind of zooms and pans up but
this is looking actually pretty good
that's the thing is there's a lot of
information here you know there's a lot
of corners there's a lot of different
colors there's a lot of really good
information for us to work off of so I'm
going to go ahead and call that a win
okay one point for Jack
one point for Jack exactly
one point for Gryffindor I have an iMac
and I've up to the RAM it's I mean my
iMac is I mean how old is this iMac now
it's old it's quidditch the dumbest
thing ever
Quidditch yeah that's that Harry Potter
game you know this is a mid 2011 iMac by
the way have anything to do with Harry
Potter Jack
oh I'm just 100% apologize for any times
I have ever made fun of Jack if I had to
do this editing and my life depended on
it I would be straight up a worm food oh
no piece of trying to make fun of me all
you want that's fine
Quidditch might be the dumbest game ever
but you have to applaud Harry Potter for
coming up with something right like
that's a world building you could come
up with something better let me just
grab the ball and win the game
everything else that happens is
completely irrelevant well see but
you're you're thinking movie Harry
Potter isn't in book it is in book Harry
Potter
Quidditch games lasted like weeks and
sometimes no one would ever catch the
Golden Snitch and you know you would
just have to win by points alone
we're gonna use this we're gonna use
this okay so then what we do is we turn
off that little gear right there and we
lock it down lock it down so that's our
wall track hooray hurrah so now what we
get to do real quick check yeah Dagobah
Dave thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
dig above Dave you missed your chance
what it's technically technically I did
say Dago Oh rich I'm not up on your
racism I haven't seen all the episode
yet technically technically speaking I
said that yes that's true it's
undeniable yeah we have you're cooking
something with vinegar no you're all
done
think about it for a little bit it's
fine don't worry about it it'll come to
you
everything's fine are you just not
mentioning that he's done what did you
say I was reading chat oh I said I said
now if you start cooking something with
vinegar then you're really all done it's
a because there's a racial slur inside
the word vinegar
sometimes and not even that there was no
pole long enough oh no no you should
know you don't even don't don't even
rich I mean some in some wacky context I
could still get away with saying Dago
that's true
take over but that other thing no no no
no no no don't even don't even know
basically all I'm doing here is trying
to make sure that I'm as close to the
edges as possible this is like a shadow
right here and so I kind of want to be
in between there to preserve some of the
shadow because having the natural shadow
helps sell the effect but like you know
there's this there's this like pixely
area between the green screen and the
and the frame and I kind of want to be
right in the middle of that and then
when I blur my mask later hopefully it
will kind of match seamlessly but over
here you can see I have a little more
green so we need to lower that one and
right now I'm using speaking uh going
back to the person who was asking about
my trackball right now I'm using my
trackball which is really nice because I
can get very fine precise movement out
of it without moving my entire wrist or
having the my mouse set to like some
kind of ridiculously low sensitivity
that looks pretty good I don't know how
they're scoring this jack you'll be
happy to know that the checks is one
Jack yeah negative one rich say you're
you're up you're up wait what is it what
did you lose on I don't know I I don't
know hmm okay well that's fine I mean
that's fine I'm drinking both beer and
coffee right now okay
here we go okay so now what we have here
is a really nice mask over the window
right but we don't need to worry about
tracking that mask because we already
have a really good wall track and so all
I do is take this layer which I should
label window mask and link it to the
wall track window so now if the world is
a perfect in just place our nice window
mask you put something goofy outside of
that window I can put anything you want
outside the window that's the magic of
computers like a producting in a bathtub
absolutely that's what you need rich so
as you can see here I made my mask a
little too short for the whole window so
MOCA has a couple really cool things
these little green things right here are
normal keyframes and for anyone who's
worked in After Effects or really any
editing software you know what keyframes
are that change of that any sort of
value over the time of the time frame
but mocha has something called the uber
key where if I made a mistake in my mask
right here I can just click on that uber
key bunk and it changes all keyframes
little bit more over purple space
bazooka thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
and no I'm sorry I'm sorry what else do
I see oh I see a No so it's like no
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we do
that should take care of our problem all
right so there's a little futzin we have
to do here but that's fine it's still a
really a really good track sleet snow z
oh I see a no I'm saying like no I'm
looking for it Zook no yeah that's
pretty good
that's pretty good jack is getting
aroused by that window I am are to kiss
Rex I you know you do this often enough
and like it's the little wins and win it
what what you don't understand is before
mocha I would have to do this every
single frame like you know every uh
every single frame I would have to move
that mask to match and now it does it
for me automatically and it's a
beautiful thing but my you know it
jumped off a little bit and so we just
need to adjust it a little bit
Longshanks one thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we
really do you really do still waiting
for you to put something fun on the
window Chan well you know sometimes
filmmaking is so bright so boring in
fact most of the time filmmaking is this
terribly tedious and boring event just
gonna make sure my video game
we're not playing a video game tonight
we're working West base copping space
copying tonight rich
this is a little bit of why of you know
the stuff we've been doing when not
doing all the other stuff happy to go I
know and I think it's important for
people to see like we working on stuff
and this is the kind of shit we do and
this is this is what percentage of the
movie right here exactly this is like
this has been two seconds of footage
right about yeah yeah but if you ever
wonder why I'm my fantasy movies try to
find ways to do things in modern times
like the movie now you know oh no in
Tiberius Kirk I have not done I have
done similar shots before but all the
work you are seeing right now is is I
haven't touched this before there could
be failures which is why it's frankly
taking so long
but that's okay all right so now we just
have to kind of watch and you can see
here we kind of jump a little now over
that threshold we on
see that like over here it's kind of
more in the green up there and then we
move it up and it moves more towards the
gray side of things which is very
nitpicky which is frankly it's important
to me
maybe too much
it might be too much
oh good oh good I'm glad I'm glad you
guys are linking to the music I I
reached out to Chris Christie dulu who
has a very open policy by the way about
streamers using his music for background
music and his policy is totally just
like yeah use it but credit me and you
know let me know ahead of time that
would be really nice and so I sent him a
message today and was like can I use
your music because I listened to it
while doing this work anyway which is
the actual truth and he said totally and
he III know you love that FTL music this
is risk of rain at risk of rain I love
that FCL music as well but this is the
risk of rain and rain original
soundtrack rich you blew it
I misspoke it happens I'm rich Evans
pretty good you know what I'm gonna I'm
gonna distract you from that waffle tale
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true we really do
there I go wagging the dog wagging the
dog it's a reference to a movie media
all right you know what
it's a movie where the president fakes a
war with the news in order to distract
animals scandal with Dustin Hoffman yes
good dog I know that good nothing in the
window yet why is the window have you
been streaming that long and there's
nothing in the 900 actually it's 9:15
it's been longer than that Oh God well
yeah this is how long I think sometimes
I really like to be precise here because
if you're you know what's what's the the
carpenter saying measure twice cut once
right yeah and so for me all the the
wonderful thing about something like
mocha and really just all of the things
in modern special effects and
compositors is it does a lot of the work
for you and so you can be incredibly
nitpicky and get it right and you know
what for a feature film it's important
to get it all right right
any carpenter should ignore that advice
because every missed every messed up cut
I mean that's that's a lot of free scrap
wood you could take home I mean you
could you could build your own shed in
like a month you're right and that's
more billable hours keep fucking up
those cuts man we gotta we gotta we
gotta make this job last a week you know
if you do it right it'll be like four
days sitting home not making money for
three days that week that's true
you know measure once motherfucker okay
so now that we have our super nice
window mask here I can export the shape
data export mode shape data for a copy
that to the clipboard
and back over to after-effects and it
pays to Malcolm ask Jenny mh-60 4:55
would like me to make sure that you you
know that there is a green screen glare
in my sunglasses that's true it's also
true that a mind thank you for
subscribing and also mr. Pharma Mele
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
those things are all true oh my God look
at that
look at that that's all I can see now oh
I hate you for pointing that out you
know like so there's one green screen
over here and then there's some more
stuff back here but that's pretty
blurred I can take care of that I can
take care of that green screen you just
watch you just watched I'm gonna take
care of that green screen we're gonna do
that on the fly I wasn't even planning
on doing that we're gonna do that right
on the fly that's great okay hey right
now first of all we have some other
stuff to take care of first we have to
just make the green screen happen first
all right yep so now we have our nice
masks and that looks pretty good you're
still seeing some of those green edges
only because I am going to blur them out
I'm going to feather I think I've been
doing for with an expansion of two how
does that look
that looks really nice a feather of four
with an expansion of two and that
basically like fuzz's the edges
great great and so like I could have
green screamed that you know like all
that time I spent making the mask it
could have been like just one plop on
the green screen right yeah but I think
the green screen would have been more
time-intensive because of those because
of those cuts in the paper and I was
already tracking it for they said this
is it oh so this is our this is what's
going in the window right here I can't
see yo you're gonna see it in a second I
hope it's amazing I mean no it's new you
see I mean you've seen it in real life
some try to build suspense here Joe I'm
trying to do my job I'm sorry I'm sorry
you're right yeah okay oh six thank you
for subscribing we really appreciate it
Colin what he's saying just route around
that glass is refraction reflection and
D saturated yeah that was my plan uh
Colin I have a I have a really cool
program in my red giant color suite
called I think it's color ista called
color rista and that actually you can
set a color and it will change that
color to any other color and it works
really really well and so really all I
was going to do was take that green
screen and make it significantly darker
and have this like bluish tint to it
which is a really cheap way to do it
like if I if I wanted to be really
badass I could put this reflection in
the glasses but there's no way because
that would take a long long time and
nobody's gonna notice that except for
some fuckers on the Internet
okay so now there's a couple ways I can
handle this putting putting the the city
in there I think what I'm gonna do is
first I'm gonna try just taking that
window and exporting basic tracking data
just all that is is the position scale
and rotation of the object if people are
telling me that Jays and lreditor Jay
Jack don't worry about the sunglasses
glare I'll get rid of them when I'm
color grading oh okay listen we're
taking care of it Jay we're taking care
of it
you don't need to worry about it you
need to worry about radio link down we
really appreciate it it's true we do we
really do okay so here's what we're
gonna do do-do-do-do-do we are going to
add a new null object which is this
right here we're gonna rename it window
no we are going to paste all of our
tracking information to that null and so
now you see that little square moving
exactly where we're tracking the shit
before right let me find a good spot
here we can really see that window that
will take our
our moon and we'll put it there
so am I going to do the Cantonese dub
for space comp is that it's not the plan
I wouldn't have it any other way rich
somebody somebody is saying this is
worse than the rich Evans builds a PC
stream you think that was a fine stream
listen you know we we labeled what we
were streaming tonight we made a big
deal out of streaming After Effects and
milca work tonight so I guess you can
deal with it or you could leave you
could do either one yeah I think there
are some people who really enjoy so
really cook what I'm doing here is now
that I have kind of the the the base
here in a position that I wanted to I
take this little Pickwick tool pick whip
it to the no and now it should follow
the knot I think we have some people
here who enjoy this kind of stuff oh my
god that doesn't work at all great and
they're probably really enjoying
themselves yeah just because you're a
dickhead doesn't mean you have to ruin
it for everyone
all right and that doesn't work all that
well but that's fine we can fix it let's
try it yes
let's go - lets go to obsolete basic 3d
and mess with the no not the tilt I
always get these two confused what am I
saying that's not good at all
rich that's not good at all
sorry ersatz human thank you for
subscribing first we have human than a
reference I don't know
first I thought it was you know earth
stairs like a knockoff but it's er s ATZ
o / sets you know what
yeah I think I got it I think I got it
that looks pretty good you know what no
hm that looks pretty good
someone else sing too saying green
screen glare off my gun
no green screen glare everywhere yeah
there's a little green on your gun but
that'll see like the gun they're seeing
like right here there's some green on
the gun yeah that will be taken care of
and color correction easy peasy
that's just that's a I can't even
believe really you would only notice
that if you knew there was a green
screen you know yeah a little bit here I
don't think many people are going to
assume we filmed on the moon I think I
think super green screen involved yeah
the one yeah problem you know what rich
probably but you never know you never
never knew don't there are some dumb
motherfuckers out there people like
Attack of the Clones
that happen that's the thing that
happens I'm just gonna do a quick Ram
preview here to see how this looks see
if it looks all right
oh I'll remember J no problem
the another shot I was working on in the
same scene there were some really there
was some really tricky green screen
effects and so I just what I what I'll
end up doing here is exporting just the
window movement how do you handle handle
like green screen in a foggy room
well I've been dealing with that yes
this does not work at all look you can
see like watch the city it bounces that
does not work at all okay that's okay
we can do something else here you know
it does this really gross bounce that's
okay
we'll deal with that what I did what I
did for those is I actually saw a green
screen to the green screen right but
then I put another layer of the green
screen layer underneath it and color
corrected it so it was a different color
I made it really bright blue and then
when I put this screen in over that I
like changed with the opacity and I
changed the layer effect and so the
smoke still came through because I had
changed the color of the other layer it
was that was actually a really tricky
one but I'm not allowed to show that
moon Shah says well you you edit out the
nerd in the middle of the frame at some
point and you know I'm saying that's
racist that's racist by that well there
you go which is offended and this is a
horrible track this is a horrible
horrible track look at that again
yuck okay so my hope in using the
I don't want to do here and using the
null is not gonna work
I'm just gonna bring anyone in get rid
of this now that did not work okay
that's fine that's fine so we head back
to mocha and here's what I had to do
with the other shots because because our
shot is so bouncy and because we have
this like sheer change you know it's
such a big perspective change you can
you can see it on the mask over here
like how much the bottom dips because we
have that we can't just use the the
trans the the position data right and so
what we need to do here is take our
window mask and turn on our boxee box
link here's our boxee box is that the
technical term that's the technical term
I'm sure there is an actual technical
term but I have no idea what it is I am
NOT a good spokesperson for this product
not only because I don't know what it's
called and so basically what I'm doing
here is I'm taking yeah all right I can
find out what this is called the planar
surface tool it's called whack this way
for subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we do and look now Jim's here
Jim welcome to the pretty boring effects
stream hmm I'm having fun
oh because I enjoy doing this kind of
stuff okay so what I want to do here is
take our planner surface tool and kind
of align it to the window right make it
make it the size of the window make sure
it matches up here too
I like making little noises so we kind
of make it match up to the surface here
we go that is pretty good so then if we
take our what is this one called planar
grid okay so then if we take our grid
tool this should stick pretty nicely to
the wall
flushy patch says i promised to start
paying more attention to windows and
movies well you know a lot of windows in
movies are usually on sets and so what
they'll actually be is like real stuff
out like real fake stuff you know like
any interior shot is probably on a set
yeah in a space movie Oh in his face
movie newer oh oh ya know pay attention
to windows okay I believe Star Trek had
the plaid the backdrops outside next-gen
oh yeah yeah I think those are just big
curtains for holes I would believe it
I would absolutely believe it okay so
now what I'm doing is instead of
exporting basically just the positional
and size data I'm gonna use this blue
box and I'm going to export corner pin
data link like that copy that to
clipboard and basically so now what I
will do is attach these corner pins to
to the shot here and I'll put this right
in front so you guys can see it and I
use a use this lovely program called
mocha import plus from clipboard what
clique did you track one okay and so we
could apply yes and so now what you can
see once I get rid of this I put the the
layer on top is what you can see now it
does a much better job of sticking
actually to the window so now what we
need to do is take our corner pin effect
and you can stretch and expand it so
what I'll do is I'll move it now behind
this get a good look at it and we just
stretch it out until it looks good oh my
god I know so exciting rich
here's the real thing is I really do
think it's exciting I actually did it
no it's neat it's all good
is it is it all good rich I'm gonna say
yes okay great I'm happy I'm happy that
it's all good I stretch out that top
stretch out the left a little bit more
okay but it'll look funny unless we turn
the motion blur on okay so now save
always say let's have a look at this now
you know something's still wrong what is
that shake coming from
am i nervous about doing stuff like this
in front of the talent you know yeah
yeah you know rich rich is really harsh
look I can't complain about anything I'm
the worst aspect of the rich rich is my
harshest critic no I mean like I'm
definitely worried about doing stuff
like this in front of a live audience
I'm not too worried about it though cuz
I'm gonna go ahead and assume that you
guys understand that this is just a long
and tedious process with lots of
mistakes and I'm sure you're gonna be
very kind there is something there is
something that does not look right about
this and I
I'm checking the original the original
footage it actually bounces a little bit
oh that's what it is that's what it is
J you fucker look at this the footage is
bouncy that's what I've been I've been
trying to I've been trying to fix you
know like there's been this little
bounce and I wasn't sure what it was and
it's actually in the footage the footage
that I was given has a little bounce to
it I'm sure there's gotta be a bounce
free couple seconds maybe the answer is
maybe
J says I'll have to get you updated
background elements later yes thank you
Jay no that's what you know what that's
okay that happens that happens all the
time again everyone is gonna be really
understanding that this is a process
right yeah and this is part of the
process here's here's part of the
process heavily fed and today today for
subscribing to the next really how would
you pronounce TD axp - did accident no
you know you don't want to steal picture
because like there is things like this
like this little red light there's an
there's an atmosphere and you know like
you can see it in the the little like
grain speckles there's a human I would
notice something off yes the the human I
would notice that it was a still image
and we wanted to look you know live and
so know what probably happened is while
filming this somebody walks by the
camera and jostle did slightly which is
not a big deal I did that once I'm a
space kappa fact really sorry about that
J and that's okay there's a still shot
I'm sure
so we'll just you know we're gonna do
we're gonna move on to something else we
are gonna save all of that because
here's the really great thing is this
corner pin information is solid right
and so basically all I have to do once
we get once I get the right shot I just
I just replace I replaced this shot with
a nut with with the still shot and boom
boom boom it works in two seconds right
so great will save this and we'll move
on to some channels
shada saying you can stabilize that and
after-effects I know I can stabilize
that the question is would it look
stabilized better better just to wait
for a better or yeah or I just wait for
an already stabilized shot like the
problem with digital stabilization is a
lot of times the image doesn't move but
the motion blur stays there you know
okay and so you have a still image that
suddenly for a couple frames gets fuzzy
yeah yeah that's it
I tell me that was Jim Colin Jim smoked
a bunch of do burrs and bumped bumped
the camera while he was hi Jim
you mother flipper no that's okay
we can get a better shot that's okay we
have all the information so now we just
plug in the good job and it's easy it's
easy peasy lemon squeezy all right so
what are we moving on to now we will
move on
- I've been working on that's fine I've
been working on the space cop cruisers
why oh my lord that is not how to do
that in this program I've been working
on the space cop car all that will save
we will come here and open up this save
again of course always so I did do this
a little bit just to make sure I
remembered how to do this let's see if
it looks halfway decent here and so we
what I am doing here is replacing the
light bars on the space cop car with
with the SyFy lights here let me turn
this off here so you know that we had
these things bolted to the top of the
space cop car yeah get this centered
here and all I am doing is what Jay was
looking for were kind of like what we
need is we need like knots on light bars
and on light bars and these are the not
on light bars they're just white and
eventually I'm gonna have them kind of
like pulsating white but for now they're
just kind of a white glowy thing right
yeah looks pretty cool
but it's not perfect really all I was
doing was making sure that uh are you
making it red flashing science fiction
device no I'm eventually they'll be red
and blue you know they'll be they'll be
just like a cop but for when he's not on
duty or when he's not you know chasing
down the criminals they need to just be
something they need to be non green bars
and so they're this
and so what I did
Jynx Tron you do here the risk of rain
soundtrack and it is one of my most
favorite things to listen to while
working and I got Chris Chris to do lose
permission to stream with it because
he's a super cool guy and he is another
album actually that sounds very similar
to the risk of rain album that is called
hexadecimal also on his band camp we
listen to that a little bit earlier I
have some stuff lined up to listen to
okay so here's what I did here is one I
did is the first thing I'll show ya so
first thing I did it was I tracked the
light bar there then I tracked the front
of the car and then a whole bunch of
other stuff but the light bar doesn't
move exactly the way that I want it to
which is a little upsetting to me
because you know like the car bounces
right it does like this thing and you
know like it gets a little bit of an
angled bounce to it and so it doesn't
move exactly like I want it to the light
bar doesn't over and you know here I'll
show you over an After Effects
hexadecimal not hacks like hex like like
a hexagon hexadecimal but I did not Chad
I did not get pulled over while filming
the movie but but there was one time
when we were filming and I don't really
get pulled over for the cops pulled up
next to us just to check out what was
going on mm-hmm
yeah you know I think they came out and
had to talk with us they said they had a
a call from somebody complaining that
some Muslims were driving around a car
with missiles strapped on it by the
airport so we dig terrorists right
that's hilarious
ABS had a good laugh mate when they saw
us
that's really funny and so this is what
I've been this was just kind of a test
shot and really it looks it looks okay
that might being there's a couple things
they need to fit fix which is like one
the mask over here you'll see the mask
breaks on the window and to the size of
it it grows really big at the end for
some reason it grows a really big at the
end for some reason I get it I get it
was like a sex pun and what all what I'm
doing here is using the video co-pilots
lightsaber effect on your light bars so
this right here is a lightsaber which i
think is really fun yeah see look all it
is is a lightsaber and then I mask out
the front of the car to make it look
like light bars and I think it's really
funny but for some reason it gets bigger
I need to fix that and I don't
necessarily know how but I'll I'll work
on it
just a little bit like here if I change
the thickness
thickness is at 20.6 where's the license
plate number chat far from your prying
eyes right
oh I double-check that before I start in
Street yeah that looks pretty good
okay great so now I just need to fix my
mask I was I was a little sloppy with my
mask here as you can see that in my work
- there we go that'll work - I can just
do them great so that should be one
light bar done do the other one I'm just
gonna do the other one right it's not
that big a deal
the other thing I need to do is much
like the sunglasses there is the
reflection of the light bars on your
windshield and so after I get the light
bars change I need to go back and also
put this white glow over the reflection
of your windshield and that is a much
larger pain in the ass oh yeah I can
imagine but I think this looks pretty
good everyone we're gonna see we're
gonna see
serious question when you shoot
something with a logo like the Ford
badge is there any legal type crap you
have to deal with is that the Ford badge
I think that's the you guys put a
special emblem on a space cub badge over
it yeah you can you can almost a whole
movie though you can kind of see right
here that that is actually not the Ford
badge that is a special emblem that they
put on
but yes you do technically speaking have
to get rid of stuff like that
bolla hecka thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true what we do 14 motherfucking
months in a row bill you're crazy
thank you we really do appreciate it
earlier mochi b85 also 14 months that's
great yeah that was her her her year or
his or her happy Anya sounds like such a
feminine thing I don't know 12 12 months
your air for Suri I think it's great
it's actually pretty good we're gonna
use that okay save them oh come back
into mocha and we are gonna try tracking
this other Djem azor I had I had some
difficulty tracking this and so I had a
different plan but I wanted to try and
Elvis Douglas with a slightly less
impressive 13 months in a row you for
subscribing really it's true we really
do we really do you're coming in third
place buddy
third place you'll always find you'll
never get a month you'll never get a
month on Dula hacker I guess what we're
saying is get your shit together first
being in second place for all time I'm
so sorry
thank you
no no this is something I'm just testing
out because I want to know it's my work
nope this might work nope no not at all
not even a little bit okay
nevermind when I was when I was testing
out this effect way way back in the day
I tracked the side of the car and that
worked a lot better for all the bounds
that you get and I can't track that
that's okay we'll just drag this and
everything will be fine
not a ton of information for a mocha to
deal with but I'm hoping it's just
enough
so we have this little circle here and
his front which is a decent point you
know would have been an average that we
had no way of knowing nobody had any way
of knowing at the time if we had some
sort of like distinct markers on here I
could have tracked it a lot better but
not blamin I ain't blamin oh well those
were painted silver I think of those
original we're gonna be just like it's
gonna be tell it part of light bar
mm-hmm oh I have no idea I have no idea
what's going on
Circle
yet if you mean by stunt-driving that i
just drove around the city next to my
candor Jai's car then yes I did do all
of my own stunt driving when the car is
flying it's it's not really flying so I
can't call that stuck driving yeah whoa
oh you fuck what look at this look what
happens so I I hate track and it it
bounces to the other one oh really
my god like it bounces to the other
light bar because they look so similar
in track what do you what do you what
are you trying to do both at the same
time maybe Oh God get over here no I
just need to I just need to remind it
who's boss here you stay where I put you
I think we just need to start it like a
little different area if you do this
again I'm gonna be mad we did not we
don't I don't think we got permits to
drive around the space cop car but we
did ask the police station nicely so
yeah we're driving around those goofy
car in this area to stay is that okay
you know that's the great thing about
the City of Milwaukee and filming is you
don't need a permit to film on public
property and so you can film stuff like
this out in the open whereas like for
example in LA you need a permit if
you're filming anywhere outdoors like if
you go to a park and film you have to
have
to film there what makes a fair amount
of sense I mean not many people filming
Milwaukee right right but actually was
that was part of a like a big we used to
have a film initiative here in Milwaukee
this mask is just not gonna work you
know where we tried to give tax
incentives to people to film here and it
was a horrible bust but nobody because
nobody cared to film here but a little
different here tracking a larger area
why did that bus jack there's just not
enough information you know it's a solid
gray it's a solid gray sphere or a solid
gray circle and it just it's too blurry
and it confused the computer there is
not enough information what's really
nice to track like for example when I
tracked the front of the space cop car
here lots of harsh contrasted
contrasting areas lots of jagged edges
lots of different color variations a lot
of information for mocha to track right
but then you look up here and it's just
just a grain blob you know oh yeah I
think we do have the space cop badge on
the front of that Ford logo yeah yeah
let's see thinking a little closer I can
enhance zoom in enhance that's
definitely the space cop logo you can
see it right there I'm zooming in
enhancing
you know somebody somebody 3 printed the
couple of a few of those out and send
them to us oh yeah that's really I saw
those those are great someone 3d printed
them yeah we got we got some view side
of it there you go the offhand chance
that you are in the chat right now let's
just stop

[Part II]
in the chat right now let's just stop
all right let's try this again let's see
if this can track any better and then
let's turn off sheer and turn off
let's try rotation too so so all these
things these are the things that you can
track translation scale rotation shear
perspective the more of them you have on
the more likely you are to fuck up your
track and so then you just have to
decide what's important you know and
really the important stuff is
translation the position of this and the
scale the size of it because it does
come closer to camera so I'm hoping this
will be enough oh it's fucking up
already that's fine that's fine we can
fix this as you can see like still not
enough information it's kind of like
sucking in here but that's okay we can
fix that
Shaz asking this pattern recognition the
only method to track no no I it's where
I have the most experience I use mocha
all the time for tracking because I
think it works the best
over in after-effects and we can give
this a try just so people can I can see
it you know let me finish this up and
then we will try to track and
after-effects to show you the difference
After Effects has kind of point
recognition and this is planar tracking
don't think you should use the fancier
tracker the tattoo I know the plane
tracking is apparently really not
working for me but it's a good joke rich
that's an acceptable joke it's a joke is
what it is so I appreciate that
really I appreciate you just you sit and
then talking with me while I'm doing
this or else it would have been a very
quiet stream
but see not bad like there was a little
like scale mix-up but overall now that
so all I'm doing now is kind of
correcting the scaling of the mask right
and because I knew I drew it I drew it
right around the object it still does a
really good job of like sticking to it
you know like catching the bounces and
whatnot but the scale just needed to be
adjusted so that's the pretty good good
purple purple space Pacifica likes the
architecture and the background
buildings I thank you we spent a lot of
time on that yeah yeah yeah yeah you
wouldn't believe what a pain in the ass
it is to get a whole building go you
know the background of a shot but I know
that that world building is something
that was really important yeah to you
Jay and Mike and and I think I think
what that shows is just your your made
up it ate up the budget though I mean we
had nothing to spend after that right
right you can see I'm wearing he's we've
got a thrift store outfit I mean that's
a real time that's just beautiful
downtown Milwaukee beautiful old-world
Milwaukee all right so that does a
pretty good job it's not the most solid
track in the world but I'm gonna say
that's a pretty good job and so here's
what I'll do so now as a comparison boom
let's do this let's Expo a should label
your layers always label your layers
right bar track
and I'm cliff fat and lock it so I can't
mess with it later let me take our right
by track explorer tracking data
transform data copy to clipboard back
and after effects new no object that no
is the right and I know technically it's
the left bar but because you know like
it's it's camera right that's what I'm
that's why I'm really had a right bar
yep well it's for your reference that's
for my reference right that's for the
car's reference but confuse the car it
would it would absolutely confuse the
car alright so let's see here
all right so that so now we have our
know from oh and you know actually hear
of no mocha right so that's our mocha no
and now I'll turn our mocha no off come
back to the cruiser over here in this
one and we will try tracking it in in
after-effects previously recorded live
rich aside from obviously being space
cop himself awesome what other things do
you contribute I I was the architect up
building that we blew the entire budget
of the movie on you you see this
building
yeah it's rich design like this red
building right here rich spent I mean
one for weeks getting three and a half
but do much I worked like like 10-hour
days that's it that's an impressive
facade right yeah and you know there was
a big argument there's this green arch
here I mean we had to tear down this old
beautiful building that used to be there
in order to put that in front of it
ya know enrich a really fought for the
greener old building we had to fight
with us you know the historic council
and yeah we got to put up our our new
false front building yeah no no I think
it looks great he rich wanted that these
white stripes originally to be green
like the arch and we had to fight him on
it just for time but you know I know you
really wanted that art
Stickley because it represents i think
you called it like the dying planet
which represents space cops inner
turmoil yes yes exactly
okay says the building looks fake okay
getting stuff set up here so now we are
going to the motion here and so what we
have here is a point tracker and we'll
see if this does a better job sometimes
I'll be honest even though I like I like
Moka more sometimes the after effects
tracker does a better job if you want to
know what I did in the movie there's
almost certainly going to be a behind
the scenes feature speaking and or
bluray do you think yeah do you think
they'll be behind-the-scenes featurettes
think that's I think that's very
possible more features it's multiple of
them yeah yeah I do I don't think
they'll be quality they'll be
high-quality extras blu-ray hey for
subscribing appreciate it it's sure we
we really do okay so this is now
after-effects tracker and it is not a
planar tracker like the the the way the
MOCA tracker works is it looks for
surfaces and then it tries to justify
those surfaces in a 3d space right and
that's why it does a really good job of
tracking this is a point tracker and all
it looks at is pixels and those pixels
in relation to the next frame right and
so we'll see if this works any better
and it might anyways
I'm sure not bad slushy patch wants to
know rich did you get a regular trailer
or a deluxe trailer I I got a teaser
trailer i we need like we did list we
need like a morning show radio sound
effects rich we need people we need
people to go I would like a thing either
in my pocket or hanging off some kind of
necklace for was just a button I could
press and then it was a rim shot yeah
wouldn't it be the best thing I mean no
it probably wouldn't be the best thing
but you know if you want to believe that
someone someone in the chat send me a
rim shot keychain I want a room shot
keechak lend me one goddamn it we need
you we need it we need something more
than a soundboard though all right okay
so this it just does the rimshot I'll be
happy yeah yeah yeah all right this is
actually working pretty well so that's
all I could even track no no rotation
won't help so then we added target and
we
okay okay so now our new law no actually
what we can do here is we should delete
our tracker because that'll just eat up
the memory so our new tracker is there
and good dual dual 871 a rim shot is
something used to see more with older
comedians where once they told a joke
after the punchline there'd be a drummer
from the band nearby and he would go
dum-dum what's being the cymbals it's
gonna just like a stinger to the jokes
to the effect go on reg I don't know
there's much more to say something I'm
forgetting about the rimshot that you
would like to add Jack nope
I'm I'm sorry what was that rich well
that's what was that what was what
alright let's see how this looks let's
see how this looks so this is with it
attached to the aftereffects no and it's
just gonna take a moment to render out
rimshots oh you know why this isn't
gonna work
what okay so here's here's the real deal
here's here's where it gets real I know
that you're about to see you're about to
see why it's not gonna work or why it
would be more difficult and you might be
noticing it already the the bar right
now is very small right because with
After Effects in order to calculate
scale or rotation you need another point
on the object in order to you know give
it some sort of relativity to use your
scale right and so what you end up with
with this is we don't have any scale
hooked up to this null and there's not
another good point on the light bar and
so it's a good track like you know the
motion looks really good but yeah let's
turn these off and so you know because
we tracked because we tracked this this
gray bar on this in order to get scale
right for this area we would need
another thing on the bar and because the
rest of the bars just a solid color
wouldn't wear it really work I could use
this the other silver thing from the
other one as a scale relativity marker
but because it's at a slightly different
location you know it's a little bit
closer to the camera and it moves a
little bit
different battle throw it off and so
that's what happens when we do that but
luckily we have the there we go we have
the mocha knoll
ready and waiting in the wings right bar
mocha so now let's give that a look
hopefully this will scale better this
will scale better colin is asking if I
could do the glowing light tubes and in
his shots you know for continuity
absolutely absolutely send him my way
that wasn't a joke
that wasn't a joke rich so now let's see
if this scales properly J doesn't have a
lot of work to do walk this way J is
Jay's a monster editor I haven't seen
him in two months that's true he's been
sitting in front of that computer for
ages it's truly his hunch has gotten
noticeably worse his beard we now have
to get him an extra chair just to hold
his beard which is groans what you can't
be stopped now that's funny hello hello
jack yeah rich Jack rich rich hello
hello I can hear you I'm here you're
back there game I think I accidentally
turned down the hit the volume knob on
my headset here okay everything when you
everything went nude yeah oh yeah oh oh
a key hold on whoopsie
okay
now we gotta watch it again the job 1980
1996 or DJA DJA 19 says previously
recorded live I discovered you guys last
year when I was diagnosed with an
illness which basically paralyzed me in
bed for a year you guys really kept my
spirits high throughout all this and I
really just wanted to thank you guys as
of last week I'm finally back to proper
health and I'm going to film school I
just wanted to thank you hack frogs
frogs for the content I look forward to
more in the future yes
we don't order a poster I'm gonna love
it if you guys could sign it we would be
glad to sign it that's that's so sweet
it is great I had to read it that's
that's I won first congratulations on
getting your health back I can only
imagine that was incredibly demoralizing
any sort of injury like that so
congratulations and you know glad we
could do something even even if it was
just be Schmucks on the internet we're
pretty good at that I mean I hurt my
back for a little bit last month so I'm
more than anybody else know how you feel
right Yeah right hold on we ran out of
music I'm gonna switch I'm gonna switch
music now and people people might not
like it oh no you know what I can do
this people might like this
I doing doing my proper produce Oriole
duties I got permission to use songs
before the stream because that's the
correct thing to do getting permission
to use songs this is a local band and I
happen to be friends with them
and I sent him a message asking for
permission and I'm sure he's gonna say
yes I didn't actually get permission but
this is a band called golden coins and
they're from Milwaukee and I enjoy
listening to their music everybody is
clamoring for Lady t-top now only we
can't use Lady t-table because I didn't
get permission to stream like it eats
huh I reached out to a few people and
and some got back to me in some didn't
and but Sunday so you can't blame
everybody that's pretty good and it's
pretty good actually this is right one
you know on the the left one here we had
a problem where it got too big and the
right one I feel like gets smaller so
actually I want to change that a little
bit doing it already not on point
laughs bar I forgot to label the light
bars and I almost got really confused
okay here we go
also this music is slightly different
and so tell me if it's too loud so so in
the spacecraft universe why are there
light sabers on top of a car because you
know light sabers are multi-purpose we
don't cut anything I mean these are just
lights these are fancy lights right the
car does not get into a sword fight the
subjects won't be happening in the films
and that's true I'm reading in the chat
we did not get permission to use lady
teats on before and that was a mistake
on our part we got caught up we were
young streamers I mean that was 14
months ago that we had lady teeth come
in there
again okay now that's pretty good
what are we doing okay there's space
lights exactly and the this is just the
beginning basically all I'm trying to do
here is get the tracking down right and
what's gonna happen next is they're
going to pulsate some sort of grind yeah
I know they're gonna do like a grape
pulsate thing so right now all I'm
trying to do is get their motion to look
right and here I think I think I have it
that looks pretty good they're doing
like a glow thing is that part of the
lightsaber effect I think that is maybe
it's part of the lightsaber effect they
flicker this is the problem is they're
flickering rich put a stop to that shit
yeah yeah you know what just stopped it
get that flicker out of my jam okay
his shadows it's twitch plays Dark Souls
still a bust
no I heard they were doing well I heard
they were doing well but they were
cheating oh yeah she think how oh I
don't know I just saw the headline and I
moved on I have not been paying
attention to the twitch plays part
twitch plays Dark Souls have you noticed
twitch plays Pokemon in the chat ever
since our Pokemon stream yeah yeah did I
did I did I chase twitchplayspokemon
away no he came did I when that he came
back doing something funny you guys do
realize it during that stream I was kind
of I was kind of playing the heel
wrestler at some point did the jerk oh
no no sorry I was I was giving everybody
someone to root against and having fun
doing it sure my god happens here
that's weird look look at this left this
left bar and it just it jumps it jumps
in size for some reason and I don't like
that I don't like what it's doing there
Jim LCD software thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
mm-hmm that's true we do what what oh
why are you rimshot Eng subscribers I
don't know what you're talking with and
yes
Diogenes lamp I am trying to diminish
the effects of the bar right now the
scale of the scale is changing for some
reason but there's you know like just
frame to frame there's no reason for the
scale to change that much you know
relative to the car the scale shouldn't
change that much and so basically all
I'm gonna do here is take these are all
key frames these are individual key
frames that came over from the MOCA
track and the middle one is the scale
and so all I'm gonna do is remove the
key frames of the scale and see if that
works you know just like if I remove
boom those three and scale key frames
like they still jump up but it's a lot
more gradual actually I want to just
remove them all
if I just get rid of all of these scale
keyframes and then of the scale will be
a lot smoother and there won't be that
one jump let's see that let's see how
that looks
you know they're still getting bulky at
the end there but it's definitely a lot
smoother which I'm which I'm liking
you know cuz really at this point the
car is like is pretty flush with the
camera you know like here the car comes
up so they get bigger but then from here
on out they should stay pretty flush
with the camera actually I'm just gonna
see what happens if I remove all of
these scales
get rid of this one as well that is much
much better that is much much better
okay let's take a look at that
yes that looks much much better
and this right here you are seeing the
incredibly exciting part about editing
anything which is just watching it over
and over and over again yes the only
thing I wonder is I know like if I take
away the other thing that doesn't quite
look right is like I I put the the the
light bar kind of on par with where the
real bar was you see that we're kind of
like hi it kind of like disappears
beyond the the car but doesn't that make
it look weird doesn't that make it look
like it's coming out from the car oh
I'll have to see once once I catch up to
where you're showing me what now like
doesn't it almost look like it's going
up instead of straight out and see
without the glow again and so like here
is without the glow and even even
without the glow they look like they're
going up it's just like a weird like
camera perspective thing I think it's
possible you've just been looking at it
too long and then his possibly too many
times it seemed weird after a while
that's true that's true
here's what I'm gonna try just just for
shits and giggles as we are going to
we're going to take our lightsaber
controls here and just take the back of
it and move it up a little bit
Tiberius Kirk says yes Jack you are
absolutely right it looks like it's not
tracking the plane of the light bar hey
now Tiberius Kirk that is not nice
that is as that hurts my feelings
now here and he's the great stuff is
like all of these Sabre controls and all
of that like the individual controls for
the light beam they have nothing to do
with all of that tracking data so I can
mess with this all I want and all that
same tracking data still applies you
know so just something yeah so what I
did now is I kind of moved it so it's
more on top of the car I think it might
look better I think it does too
so French strat tres
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
French direct res yeah thanks fret
stretch res that's treacherous yes that
looks much better now I've moved it to
like be on the top of the car and that
looks much much better
great no I mean I have to redo the
reflections anyway and so I'm just gonna
mess with the reflections it might it
might make a little bit of a difference
but not I don't care because people
aren't gonna be paying that much
attention to the reflections they're
gonna be paying attention to the big
shiny glowy light bars on top and this
looks much much better but good looking
out good looking out everybody
take a look at this right bar now and do
the same thing just strange letters is
you guys gonna do any special editions
of space cop and will rich shoot first
we can we can barely get a regular
edition dump we're working hard on the
regular just space cap you know that's a
that's it we'll see Lando was taken
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true Lando we really do Lando was
taking us at 11 months 11 months that's
nice you guys are fantastic I can't
believe we've been doing it for that
long and that you guys have been with us
for that long okay
this looks much better now I've adjusted
the right one and now it looks like
they're sitting on top of the car it
does I feel much happier about this
great so now let's just make sure that
they do it for the entirety of the shop
so once again we watch the same shot
over and over let me let me get ready
with the rim shot but for when this
inevitably fails I think I just need to
adjust my mask but I think over oh
you're about to say something I did
wrong but that's okay that's an easy fix
the the this is the right bar is in
front of the left bar and so it makes it
weird but that's okay we just go like
this
that's an easy fix
that was dumb that was funny
okay now I think there's a little like
there's a weird like sighs thing we need
to deal with and I really should motion
blur these that'll help
that'll help smooth it out okay here we
go
they look like two glowing cocks maybe
you know maybe they're going cops they
don't look anything like glowing cocks
do you think anything that's like a rod
shape looks like a car you look like a
pack of batteries and you say like look
at all those cocks kind of coke is it
can I have a can of cock maybe maybe
they don't know what cocks look like
there's more to being a cop than being a
rod you know the the you know yeah this
is looking pretty good now that I've
added the M we have we have some scaling
work to do yet cuz now it gets a little
it's a little funny scale wise but this
is looking pretty good
I'm relatively happy with this I also
think like this whole left bar needs to
penny and I go over here more
no bottle of Mountain Dew let me drink
from that cock what wait I'm sorry we
think you kept a nitpick for for linking
to the golden coins I I really enjoyed
this band the the bass player is a good
a good friend of mine also actually a
visual artist here in Milwaukee a
post-production graphic designer artist
and I really enjoy I know this is the
kind of stuff I really enjoyed listening
to while working cuz it's soothing
so thank you for linking to their band
camp golden coins okay let's get back to
this let's get back to work rich right
it's good you just said did you that is
incredibly not helping me
knowledge junkie thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do
so here's nothing I don't know if anyone
noticed is like I have this I'm asked
out the the front the windshield of the
cruiser stuff to get the perspective
right here's what it looks like when you
take a mask off now that looks like a
couple in DX
okay so what is that though there's like
this weird black bar but I do think
that's the top of the I need to mess
with my mask I should be fine now that
just looks like the type of guy that's
fine
okay do do to do to do what do I need to
do rich what do I need to do what do you
have to do here it is this is this is my
problem here is now so like I'm really
digging this perspective yeah now that
we've changed up like kind of where they
are on the car yeah
I'm really seeing those reflections now
well oh sure that's next
don't you worry that is next that's got
to be difficult um no you know hopefully
the real hope is that we can use the
tracking data we already have from the
from the top bars yeah and just apply
that like the same nulls that we're
using now of just apply that to the
reflections and hope to mask them out
okay we're getting a little like floaty
you know like the bars are kind of up on
top and then the car slumps down a
little bit but the bars don't slump down
all the way so there's a little key
framing that I need to do to get these
things to look right and a little size
thing like this left one looks smaller
and then you know as they get closer the
perspective gets right so I need to
change it for a couple things but I
think overall I'm very happy with other
you're doing great jack I'm feet I feel
like I'm doing great I'm glad you know
what I'm glad this is at least we're
getting like we're showing people at
least some progression and I'm glad I
wasn't a total clusterfuck I was really
worried we've been we've been streaming
for two hours have we been that you've
gotten partial work done on a grand
total of four seconds of movie ask Jim
and Colin that's exactly oh my god if
we've been doing this for two hours I
literally need to get up and just my
legs first night 10:00 10:30 one is
10:30 already oh my god
we take broke I have a problem rich I
don't notice time when I'm working I
have a real problem that's that's how
much of a workaholic I am I just love
doing this so much now I don't even
notice okay okay okay here is what it's
gonna happen that's how we did it okay
great I'm gonna meet me for a second
okay and I'm gonna mute Richard for a
second I'm gonna stretch my legs get a
fresh beer and we'll be back and we will
continue I think we can get this shot
right here I think we can get this
finished tonight oh my god
that's probably I mean it's probably not
gonna happen but more so because the
next music I have come up is gonna be a
pump a shot of adrenaline and no one's
gonna like it except for me so it's
gonna be growl it's gonna be it's gonna
be great
you
and we are unmuted thank you
here's here's a real thing about me is I
have a program on my computer I need to
figure out what it's called now I just
got it in it works really great I got a
special program on my computer that
every hour it pops up a little reminder
it's called stand yeah and literally all
it is is a an hour timer you can set it
for you know any time every hour so I
set it to the half hour every hour and a
little thing pops up on the screen it
says you need to get up and walk around
now okay because if I don't have the
little thing that reminds me to get up
and walk around every hour I just don't
you will never get up I will never get
up and watch ever I know I die I
wouldn't all day like unless I needed to
do something I sometimes I go I forget
lunch you know okay so let's get back to
it Oh music we are now we need a pump
shot of adrenaline now and so we are
gonna listen to one of my most the most
ridiculous Milwaukee musician ever to
exist juice box with triple exes I
fuckin love juice box so this is juice
box
Thunder zone volume one okay it's like a
mixtape for rich I won't be able to hear
any of them you you're not able to hear
any of it but I can hear it and I'm so
into it you have no idea how much I am
into it
I love juice box
I got I got juice box I got a tallboy of
Miller High Life the champagne of beers
like I'm leaving life underpaid movie
editor
that's exactly alright here we go I
hopefully you guys can hear juice box
cuz it's the greatest alright so first
thing we're going to do is figure out
that there's this weird like size thing
that's happening right here the size and
floaty thing that's happening so I like
the size that they're at here and it's
this left bar and in After Effects if
you're on any layer so right now I'm on
the Left bar layer and I hit that you
button it brings up all of the keyframes
that you have on that bar so like here's
a keyframe and I like the thickness of
the bar right here so I'm just gonna
know what makes a keyframe a keyframe
Jane a keyframe just um gives the the
value for any or gives a number to any
value and so like right now I have a
keyframe for the thickness right the
thickness of the light bar and what that
means is I can animate it so right like
right here the thickness is at twenty
point six now I can go way to the
beginning and say I want it to be let's
see what looks good here twenty two
point seven looks pretty good right okay
and so now the first keyframe is still
at twenty point six but now the new
keyframe at a different point in the
timeline is at twenty two point eight
and so it's a way that animates values
its manually adjustable manually just at
exactly
juice box is a hot mess Krieger he's a
fucking hot mess and I love him for it
that's great that looks great so and
because we took the light bars and put
their position and scale on a null layer
so they're basically just following the
null and then what I can do is fine-tune
their position and scale and size and
stuff without messing with the overall
position and scale it's really neat it's
like it's like a puppet being controlled
by another puppet you know purple track
70 forces oh shit space cop thank you
for joining us furball track you you
missed the rich Evans walks through the
door for an hour see you had already
come through the door at that point okay
rich Evans walks further through the
door repeatedly and forwards and in
Reverse I never said that tonight was
going to be exciting I just said we were
gonna get some work done and that's
what's happening I think it's valuable
if you want to go into full you know
what's involved with this i I really
enjoy the this kind of part of it
because it is it's so intricate and it's
so detail-oriented that I can really get
into it the only issue now the only
issue now and I knew I was gonna run
into this problem is what we've tracked
here with these is one point in space
right but these light bars should be
bouncing with the car you know the back
of the bars need to kind of taller than
the car at some points and it's not the
bars and you'll notice it like right
here especially the bars are staying
stationary while the
bounces up and down and while its
overall following the movement it's not
perfect it's not perfect with the hood
and that is bothersome sounds like a lot
of manually adjusted it's either a lot
of manual adjusting or I need to figure
out to figure out how to do this so I
can you know automate the the process
but I think this is pretty good for now
I think basically what I have here is a
really good start
servos zero eighty-six thank you for
subscribing I don't even know what I was
laughing at then it's an important
person Jack and you didn't even say your
line you missed your life oh my god I
wasn't I'm sorry I was looking at the
shot yeah we really do we really do
appreciate it it's true we really do I
think actually here's what here's what I
think the real problem is yeah I can't
listen to juice box and and talk to you
or I could be you do it differently than
I do it what let's try it with another
one Donny was like don't even think
about I think turn April Ryan 22 thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's do we true Oh Jack April Ryan
subscribe she was very happy to
subscribe and you fucked up or thanks
you fucked it up you know what I made it
unique
I made her thanks unique you just just
you know sir is her prom night you just
dump pig's blood all over that is not
true that is exactly how she's gonna
come nuts and she's gonna kill everybody
with her brain don't don't kill people
with your brain here's what's really
gonna happen
what people I'm assuming her I assumed
genders based on names sometimes I'm
sorry I'm I'm a horrible person
you are because I see April I think I'll
female because I've never met a male
April that's never happened I'm going
back to Chris Krista dulu here's what's
happening because the juice box was too
intense in my ear this is what this is a
real thing that was happening is that
trying to listen to you and have a
conversation also pay attention to the
shots and also pay attention to the chat
while juice box was happening in my
brain was too much and I listened to
juice box a lot while editing button the
added oopsie they got the added chats
and rich chat
I needed to this is a real thing that
needed to happen okay okay we need some
more coffee
let's get back to work okay
all right here we go jack to switch to
Slayer I'm not switching this layer no
we are gonna listen to the the lovely
music of Chris Christie do Lou this is
his album hexadecimal how about rich
Evans sing Slayer can you think it's
layered would that be acceptable
probably not okay so these light bars
I'm gonna say they look pretty good for
now like the the movement overall
matches and basically I'm just gonna
have to go in there and fine-tune the
rotation of them which I can do but I'm
not gonna worry about that for now
because what I want to worry about right
now is the reflection so we're gonna see
if we can do this a cheap and easy way
that's it we're gonna try to do and I've
done this before and I want to say I got
away with a cheap and easy so you're
gonna proudly announce to the stream and
everybody that you're going to do this
to cheap and easy way the cheap and easy
well would you like the movie done this
year
you know there's only there's only so
much I can do but this might work this
might work and if it doesn't we can
always go back to something a little
more complicated later
this might work
obviously this looks great already I can
know I know you can tell that so here's
what I'm going to try I'm gonna try is
just masking out masking out in a white
layer the reflection and then messing
with the opacity oh my god that looks
awful yeah that's incredibly not helpful
me what you're doing not helping
no no even dere's not good all done so
then the other thing I want to try to do
is if we take this to the left one does
this even stick on
Berserker says no one will notice this
by the way well you know you got take
pride in your work and take take a
little bit fried you well you you'll
notice Berserker here here's them here's
the real thing is it's possible that no
one might notice you know it's like this
tiny little green reflection in the
windshield right and yeah right like 90%
95% of people watching the movie would
never think about that right yeah but
for that 5% a little effect like this
can mean the difference between you know
keeping with the movie and it's
something that's important to me like if
I saw a technical flub like that I would
be taken out of the movie and obviously
space Coppedge is a schlocky comedy
right but plus with our stuff people
will be looking for right fine toothcomb
right here
this isn't it this isn't it but this is
working we're somewhere I mean there's
gonna be enough flub just with stuff we
missed so we really can't afford to let
things we do notice go right I I almost
missed the sunglasses thing that would
have been horrible I would have been
horrifying right if I miss the
sunglasses thing this isn't bad this is
bad this is maybe if we do that's a
little better
yeah just playing around with stuff yeah
it's playing around with stuff like to
add and then let's take this and add a
blur fast blur
good
and didn't work at all is it because
rich is a funnier character than we've
ever had to see the key to all of this
I've never heard that one before that's
that's a new and original joke that's a
totally new also original joke you know
what that doesn't look good that might
be how it would reflect you know also
just trying to figure out like how
something like this would reflect off of
a windshield it's distracting in any
case what how that works oh yeah yeah
I'm with you just bring it down a lot
intensity intensity light huh
maybe yep
actually yeah could we just do one what
if this will work this is this is where
you really notice that this is not like
I haven't done this particular shot
before because I'm still figuring out
how I'm doing the effect yeah yeah and
that's that's part of the process is
just figuring out how the effect is done
in the first place
air air bosses haha how awesome would it
be of George Lucas bitterly tore apart
every aspect of this movie you know what
that would be the best possible fucking
thing that could happen oh my god cuz
that would be some attention
shit load of attention George Lucas
tearing this movie a new one that would
be great can we make that happen
I could I could buy a house if that
happen oh god yeah that's better
that's better but is it good is the
question
rich is it good
I don't know it is better it is I think
it's better I think it's better hold on
this whole thing I want this whole thing
come on I can move it up you know you
know what the funny thing is hmm before
right like like the week before George
Lucas sold Star Wars to Disney for four
billion dollars i I was joking around
with Mike and Jay and possibly you were
if you were there not that we should
make a Kickstarter for four billion
dollars to buy Star Wars from George
Lucas billion oh sure just a number out
of your ass mostly whatever the sale
price actually was that's really great
no I think I think that was the best
possible outcome he I just don't
understand why he held on to it for so
long
ego ego I mean money obviously like it's
it was worth four billion dollars right
but I can only imagine that it I can't
blame them for holding on to it
and I mean it to be perfectly fair
wouldn't have existed without him I mean
yeah sure that's true that's just fuckin
ruined it later in his life but she had
that right and guys I remembered that
I've moved the bars button here's the
bad part as I can't necessarily move the
reflection because I'm covering up the
old reflection so maybe I just have to
widen it
what are you doing what are you doing
you don't know rich you don't have to
you don't have to answer that question
that wasn't necessarily for you you know
it's it's what I'm looking for here is
tough because I need to both cover up
the green but also make the white on the
window reflective you know you could
track the windshield first then key out
the green then add a small flare
technically speaking I already have was
that some Jim and Collin advice no no
that was um I given column laughing
given calendar probably laughing yeah
because they probably have the correct
way to do this well that's okay okay I
but I already have here's the great part
is I already have a track of the
windshield so what I can do here back in
mocha I kept a mocha opened the
windshield mask great great great great
great so make a couple new explains here
strange strange letter I don't think it
would matter if JJ Abrams has seemed the
the placate refuse
I mean he's he knows what he's doing
he's a decent filmmaker I think I think
you can count on a quality bump from the
prequels no matter what mm oh ya know
and I think this I think this is what we
have said the literally entire time
since we first heard that JJ Abrams was
directing Star Wars Episode Episode
seven which is it's gonna be fine it's
gonna be absolutely fine
it's gonna be everything's gonna be fine
everybody there are worth phone seven
now why I just don't understand why JJ
is not doing eight and nine because he's
something something's about it that he
doesn't like yeah so there's there's
reason to worry
no no I think that actually might be
reason to be okay with it I think you
know JJ has grown accustomed to a
certain level of freedom yeah
also his movies have been terrible
thinking specifically of into darkness
his falters of the writers fault he has
control over it so it's he's the captain
of the ship if the ship okay you can't
blame the navigator if you're the
captain you make those decisions right
okay and so it's quite possible that
Disney being the smart business people
they are wanted you know possibly
standard and you know maybe a more
boring movie than he was going for but
you know he wanted something a little
more into darkness II the next two were
just like big question marks in my brain
mm-hmm in what way I don't know what
you're gonna get with the next two after
the JJ Abrams one that's true
that's really true do we know any
directors yeah I have no idea no other
thing well then the answer is no isn't
it I just know Fantastic Four guy almost
did the one of the spin-off so you know
what you got to lock in those contracts
man gotta lock in those contracts while
you can you're only remembered for the
last movie you made you should have you
should have locked that down while I
could before Fantastic Four bombed
you call fantasy for a nuclear bomb no
because a nuclear bomb is at least
exciting
that's just marvel so I guess it would
be a gamma bomb boom no it was a like
what's the most pathetic bomb it's the
question pathetic bomb yeah what name
it's like a fart bomb it's like the
smoke bombs that you get at the firework
store and then you know you only
remember the epic ones you remember the
lone Ranger's the water world's the
Ishtar's I think like a remem mild Bob
Lone Ranger was it was a nuclear bomb
Big Trouble in Little China mild bomb
great movie mmm by the box office
mild bump oh yes yeah no no something
like something like you said Lone Ranger
that's and that's that's a great bomb
that's a beautiful bomb that's a bomb
that we will watch the footage of over
and over again chat saying JOHN CARTER
hmm Oh John Carter was a glorious bomb
that was their new franchise
but yeah Fantastic Four will be a it
will be a whimper I mean it will be not
to get too terribly topical but you know
tonight is the the deadline for for
North Korea apparently attacking South
Korea it will be on the level of what
I'm sure their bottoms look like the the
deadline
what happened there's this thing happen
have you not been paying attention to
the news I know I don't have TV I just I
get everything every news I gets from
the internet no that's where I get my
news to and managed to miss this Korean
news apparently North Korea is is
attacking South Korea tonight that'll
happen yeah exactly
well that's what I'm saying the
Fantastic Four is on on the bomb level
of them a vo how adorable you think
you're making a bomb that's pretty good
well there ya they were they wanted
there was some sort of there was some
sort of like were attacking South Korea
at you know whatever time Sunday night
unless something happens yeah I don't
remember exactly what the you know
something or whatever was but
all right so these are barr-reeve
elections export data clipboard bring
him back over here we take our Cruiser
great
let's see here it'll be fine you know
alright you'll be fine mmm to placate
the crews their bottom Cruiser and add
the masks take smoking mats a boom
and subtract them
I'm above no no no I would not subtract
we need intersects no difference
mmm what have I done wrong many things
in my life I think I think that everyday
Jack every day so I wake up what what
mistakes have I made oh oh god I'm such
a dummy I left the other that's the
other one on is what me is what I did
wrong Oh everything so I am don't worry
okay dummy dummy get your head in the
game
rich mostly rich check that in the game
okay one masks when shield masks don't
care about that mask anymore you are
pretty good at turning me on that's a
quote from The Simpsons yeah yeah that's
cool that's quote from The Simpsons I
wasn't saying that just about rich know
what the Simpsons are okay great so now
what we have here is a cutout of just
the reflections the layer below it is
the windshield for the foreground to
block off our light bars and the bottom
layer is of course just the layer so now
what I can do
I wait one more thing I need to do one
more thing I need to do I need to add
the masks too so I need to take this
layer
Oh actually I wonder what do you what do
you suppose the odds are that North
Korea will be a radioactive crater
tomorrow morning
no that would take some sort of effort
on anyone's part and I just don't think
anyone carry they're gonna get a they're
gonna get a bitch-slap they're gonna get
a slap on the wrist what if what if they
do something crazy you know they're
gonna do something crazy thank God it's
just something crazy that's when you see
the nuclear craters nice but if they do
something crazy enough I suppose really
all we need is any sort of excuse to
take out kim jung-han right that's still
so bomb the fuck out of him though
exactly they just they just need to
remove him from existence would it
matter or him and he seems like an idiot
I mean I'm assuming the power comes from
the people behind him the isn't I
believe the thing is that he the
propaganda is so strong in North Korea
that the people actually believe that
him and his family are descendants of
gods
kind of thing but you don't think it
need to at least take out some of the
rest of the leadership - Oh probably
that's gross but I think we're on the
right track I think we're on the right
track here rich with this I mean I
imagine there are people still around
there who remember a time before the
family was some power oh no it was his
father who was in power right like one
day well that whole thing happened was
it Dobbs early 50s right it's like it's
like Demolition Man one one generation
later nobody remembers what violence was
even though many of those people are
still alive what am i doing rich I don't
know why you're losing my job I am
losing my marbles turn on some more risk
afraid music it's done well yeah this is
his other album I am slowly losing my
marbles I had a plan I swear to God I
had a plan to deal with this and you
know what it is is I haven't been
labeling my shit and now I don't know
what's one okay hold on so I Green
screamed this that's why okay
everything time
what what what what I can do this
I can do this
and that you consider that Caligula
wasn't even the second-to-last emperor
of his dynasty yet us that's why I'm
saying you need the more you need to
kill more people than just Kim Jong yes
I do have a slinky and I'm glad you
heard that I'm everyone who knows me
knows I am a fidgeter yes and I have a
slinky on my desk
purely for fidgeting purposes it never
goes downstairs mm-hm it just it just
flops around in my hand
everything is fine that rich because I
figured out what I have to do
good all the uber key boom
and I just I messed up my initial mask
but and I guess I guess the the slinky
is cylinder-shaped so you could say I
was playing with my dick
can we get 11 you could if all cylinders
are no dicks as we established earlier
on genders or days absolutely we know
that we know this to be true rich I'm
just sitting you're playing with my dick
hold VIN MIDI key holdin the Dicky
that's great that's great rich what
today I messed everything up there we go
I fixed it it's ok ok great almost okay
I got this everything's fine
everything's fine all the time totally
got this export rape data go go go go go
just leave the damn light bars green no
Tiberius Kirk no no no no no you know
why I've gone too far
what are you why did I do that rich
that's the real question
I don't know yeah every everything looks
back
everything looks well yeah everything
looks bad now it won't in just a moment
I mean it might in just a mask here to
subtract and we go to subtract now I
know what you're saying
these still look really bad and you
would be correct but that's wait I was
anticipating the button but aren't you
only playing with my dick and
anticipating the button there you go
one and eat what did I just do what did
I just do
oh Jesus Christ everything's fine hey
Andy
that is slightly better okay that is
slightly I think that that gives us a
good start not perfect yet but that
gives us a really good start I found a
way to kind of like lighten up the area
and add a little bit of a glow but
there's still some green showing through
okay
oh I know the mask won't completely
removed the green in fact like I almost
want to keep a little bit of that green
because it has a nice reflection to it
and so really I was just hoping to kind
of change the green do you feel me
yeah feel me yes I take anticipating the
bud and I'm feeling you rich
what you not helping oh these things are
true you can't deny it check I'm denied
I'm denied average I'm straight-up
denying it what does that help not even
that doesn't help even a little bit rich
what I'm doing now hold on I think I
think I have an idea okay I think I have
an idea and it's probably not gonna work
and we're gonna stop streaming in a
little bit okay because I'm losing my
marbles okay okay you're gonna try
I'm losing my marbles excuse me sir do
you have any marbles I would like to
talk to you about my marbles here we go
here we go here we go here we go here we
go here we go now here we go here we go
here we go here we go here we go here we
go here we go here we go
go go go go down I don't know who dudu -
here we go no he will oh this looks
horrible a little bit there's something
in there I'm gonna figure this out it's
basically free gir seven eight three is
blaming the juice box here you should
Krieger I mean I love juice boy I love
juice box with all of my heart but that
did not get me in the right headspace
okay so basically this does not I mean
what I have right now doesn't look good
but what you can see here is the start
of the effect is we're getting a nice
glow off of the reflection of the
windshield okay it's a little much but
actually if you look at the left one the
left one is looking pretty decent
covering wise you know yeah octo Jay
says I'm going to take Collins idea and
pass it off as my own just wrote oh the
green areas and desaturate them yeah but
I think it needs a glow because they're
reflecting something that's glowing I
feel like the windshield needs it good
would your brain notice if there weren't
a globe right would it be less
distracting
I don't know like what are you watching
this now I've been staring at it too
long I don't know yeah yep needs to be
like half that yeah I could see them I
could see that let's just let's just see
what happens if we bring the opacity
down a little bit
yeah yeah you'd have to desaturate it
first or you'll still see the green
under it right that's what we're doing
next somebody else says the light
flowers light fires look floating yes
yeah we've already talked about the
light bar is being floating and I will
be fixing that later this is this is not
finished work
oh no no as much glow as the action of
light bars I'm so I know Colin yeah the
the reflection won't be as intense as
the light bar but it'll still be there
so I don't think we can just desaturate
the cones yeah but you know what let's
give it a try as long as I'm here and
mildly insane I don't think it would you
know hurt anything Colin Colin is a
profession Colin is a professional so
what we should probably do is listen
probably to the probably listen to the
professional okay did you hear that
I don't know but love to have you kisses
you can do it jack no we believe in you
you shouldn't in you jack no it'll be
fine I'll figure this out I will 100%
figure this out okay so here are the
masks for the bars I already have those
yep so now take those and we go to color
correction and you say just desaturate
now what if we dr. fector almost three
hours later and about 20 seconds in the
video is partially edited yes and it's
it's less than 20 seconds and that's
that's the nature of this kind of shit
but welcome to video editing
here we go human situation situation
okay I just wanted to take out the green
though oh no I don't want human
saturation I want Chan alright sure did
you I don't know no there's um there's
something in here to take out a specific
color oh and I mean I've never ever had
to use it it is Colin Colin help shift
channels is that it no that's not it
this is rich to editing easy more of an
idea man I am a bad idea man essentially
essentially I'm useless that's not true
at all you're a great idea man
I don't know what it's called an After
Effects what is it called oh there's a I
mean there's change to color you know
color to change is we want this
no no not that much
digital artery says so so why isn't the
suicide rate for VFX artists higher you
know it's huge saturation oh well yes
that's how you desaturate it like if we
are is that in is here's hue/saturation
and like that's how you can just like
okay do that guy just like take from a
specific range you know like if I just
wanted to kind of like blindly turn the
whole thing different colors that's what
you would do but the last Thomas says
they try to commit suicide but can never
seem to get it just right it's pretty
funny hue/saturation not hue/saturation
hold on
take this that over there and over there
explode up it now this won't look good
right away
fun be with me here for a second may I
I have to do well I mean technically you
could leave at any point I'm glad that
you're still here with me yeah as it
gives me someone to talk to
okay okay so we do that and then what if
we add this to the original obviously
that's a little much it's a little crazy
right now hold on hold hold hold hold
the phone hold the goddamn phone blur it
a little bit right and then take the
whole thing and turn the opacity today I
already turn the opacity
I'll pass it down
mmm no God
no there is there is an effect in here
somewhere rich okay what did I do now oh
it's done and that's right there's an
effect in here somewhere and I want to
say it's in the channel no no not that
one
somebody's saying hue/saturation to
channel control two greens or yellows
okay okay now we're talking thanks
everybody
you're getting waiting where mine colors
you're getting 87 who with that bit
Kay's 87 that's it
that's it I'm in the master for
hue/saturation so now if we go to the
greens oh yeah this is a ridge this is
it this is exactly what I was looking
for thank you who did that
Kay's 87 does the one I noticed Kay's 87
you you the person you the person who
did this you're helping everybody you're
helping you are helping this is exactly
the thing I was looking for
this is exactly the thing I was looking
for okay all right so then we know we
still need to mess with our masks a
little bit because our masks are little
our little jank and that might be
passable you know the issue Ness so now
I'm like I've taken away all the green
right and I have them gray at the moment
which is you know that's something yeah
that is something I have this so I have
them gray but they're not necessarily
they still don't look reflect II know
god that's a terrible way the way I can
add even a little more hmm
but this is good this is a really good
start this is a really good start at
least now they're not green you know but
they definitely don't look like glowing
rods on top but they're not green so I
think I think this is I I feel
comfortable I feel confident leaving
here you know the the real issue the
real real issue is those caps on the end
of the tubes are dark you know yeah and
so you have this glowy white bar and
this dark too but I think starting from
here I might be able to get something
it's good good good good thank thank you
guys for helping
thank you guys for helping that was yeah
okay all right then this is where we're
gonna do I this is where I'm gonna do
thanks for coming out tonight I thought
that was a ton of fun and it helped me
get some work done and my brain is done
I can tell
I can't even think of the words to say
I'm rich and you take us out
did you hit it no I didn't hit
