May 3, 2015
Shadow of the Colossus
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5432165
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/5433299
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCiTVkg7fj0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9bv3ALlP9s
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/594952336151220224

[Part I]
danger zone if we can hear the game
music it's fine it's fine and you hear
the game music everything's fine oh okay
that's like I can hear it through my
headphones so right my headphones are
going through this device this is gonna
work I'm gonna play this marvelous art
game with delayed audio oh my god you
really are that here's the problem yeah
I'm turning I'm turning the TV so dark I
know but I'll probably pick up really
easy with this thing right so I'm
leaving it down fucking fucking it's
fine it's fine we're all fine
I don't care anymore huh nothing else
matters matters
that's really true rich nothing matters
so here's here's how here's our
temporary workaround and we will figure
out a a more permanent workaround so
right now we just scrapped the the
headphone and mic that rich was using
and rich is now using a different
microphone and a different pair of
headphones the downside is he's going to
hear the game audio on a little bit of a
lag which I guess won't matter so much
you're like there's no I don't think
there's any sound cues in the game it's
gonna be weird for the cutscenes but
it's fine it's all fine everything's
fine all the time but we're here and
apparently this is working I'm gonna
listen to us right now so I'm gonna mute
my okay I'm going to listen to this why
did you do that okay
rich everything sounds great yeah yeah
everything sounds great so let's do this
rich Jack what do you think of ghost
hunter investigators there they're
probably all frauds no no there they are
100% all frauds what the only yeah the
only thing I can hope is that the people
who they are investigating are in on the
joke that's that's the only thing I can
hope is that the people who they are
investigating also understand that that
ghosts are fake so I know I've talked
about James Randi no no James radius he
is he's really old now is like a ninety
year old former magician who spent the
later years of his life just debunking
frauds and he's the guy who famously
debunked your enemy regulars he the
spoons with his mind yeah but anyway he
sent like a he made a fraudulent Ouija
board video and he sent it into one of
those shows that supposedly investigated
paranormal claims and they got back to
him asking if he would he could send in
footage that was a bit more dramatic can
you make can you make a little bit more
you know they didn't give a shit they
were they were fraud no they're they're
100% frauds I I feel I feel sorry for
people who actually think that stuff is
real like it's fine if you enjoy just
because like it's fun to like I can
trick myself into believing in ghosts if
that's how your suspension of disbelief
works but no I mean it's it's sad like
if you're in the chair and you don't
know who the amazing Randi is go to go
to youtube look up some James Randi
videos there's some fun stuff yeah
hehe went on The Tonight Show and I
don't know if you remember surgeons they
were a thing in the eighties you'd go to
like Portugal to see a psychic surgeon
to get your uncurable cancer cured and
they would they would you know they
would like literally reach into your
body and pull out tumors and it was all
fraudulent and he basically went on with
tonight's show and recreated like what
they did like he had a guy sitting on a
like a gurney on The Tonight Show stage
and he like took his hand and he reached
into his gut they pulled out chicken
guts they said this is a no look just
like he was pulling guts up some guy's
stomach he's like this is how they do it
it's all fraud it's all oh sure oh like
like man in the moon man of Andy Kaufman
movie with Jim Carrey do you know I just
didn't I know where is do you remember
the last shot of that movie when they
yes the plays they pulled chicken guts
faked out of his stomach
yeah Tony the boiler alert I guess for a
20-year old movie you know Andy Kaufman
had incurable cancer or so the world
believed and so he went to this like
holistic miracle healer in some foreign
country and moments before his death
they saw him fake pulling chicken guts
out of his body and the joke was on him
okay you know ah the con man be con man
becomes the conned so it was fun it was
it was fun everything's fun so yeah I go
shows that I think they're I think
they're ridiculous I I can't I die I'm
trying to think if I've ever been into
ghosts you know like if I've ever
believed in ghosts I don't know if that
if I ever have never seriously but
sometimes pros sure can be fun it it
depends upon how transparent they are I
don't know and you know if if that's you
entertainment like if you can convince
yourself that ghosts are real and that's
where you get your entertainment if
that's where your suspension of
disbelief is I think that's great but
yeah oh yes I have seen the full Suicide
Squad team photo again just like we
talked about with the Joker photo it
doesn't mean anything this is what they
are doing to create free press for
themselves isn't that amazing by the way
they get all they have to do is take a
picture and everyone on the internet
goes batshit crazy free advertising just
to ease some of your minds out there I
haven't talked to Jack about this but I
do not plan on talking about the
adventures to it oh yeah so if you're
worried about if you're worried about
spoilers slipping out I'm agreed no but
no Avengers to talk tonight well we'll
talk about it some other time I'm sure
but not tonight because it's just out
this weekend he's doing very well at the
box office is we can talk about the
trailer for Man of Steel - oh I'd really
fucking but everyone knows that already
it was it was nice seeing it on the big
screen because you know the only thing
that was online for the longest time was
like that handheld the cam of it and
it's just it's far worse than you could
ever imagine close the other trailers we
saw like Tomorrowland 70 Tomorrowland
where it's just like let's have George
Clooney say every cliched line we can
think of yeah you don't like George -
George Clooney whatever reason he's
disturbed I like George Clooney
I don't think George Clooney is capable
of playing anyone I'm okay because I
think he's a he's a I think he's a
handsome and charismatic man so I want
him to be George Clooney
what about oh brother where art thou
okay you oh you haven't seen it you
should really see it no you should
really see it that's a that's good
George Clooney that's good Coen Brothers
actually I didn't have a morning at all
I was like you know we did the Avengers
and that was that was our entire day
yeah yeah that was a long day yeah and
but they know the plan was kind of a
take it easy today and take kind of like
a day off I know I'd be streaming later
in the night but it was gonna be my day
off
so you know I my alarm went off at like
11:00 this morning like a fuckin I'm
sleeping in and I just I turned the
alarm off and then I woke up p.m. I was
like this is gonna be my day off and I
fucking slept through it all and I slept
I slept so long I like physically felt
like crap so basically my day off got so
I I have I have not been in a
particularly great mood today
I'm very sorry
yeah I am too I might take another day
off do it I actually woke up at 5:00
let's just bet if that's just too
fucking late that is far too fucking
late for anybody reading for any reason
12 hours it's like I mean I guess you
needed it maybe
that's I mean that's insane that's
insanity as far as I'm concerned but you
know it happens this is why I don't want
to street things for the first time
especially that like an art game I'm
like I mean are you watching it are you
there
you brought up he brought a'carly
anything I don't know I don't know what
I need to know you're fine you know all
you need to know
you know all the things you need to know
yeah it's been a long weekend it's been
a long weekend fairly tired but that's
okay I
oh do we plan on streaming any more
bloodborne we went through a long
blood-borne stint so not anytime soon
I'm I'm gonna be a living dead honest
was white water I'm streaming Shadow of
the Colossus because everybody's been
asking for it but I wanted yeah I'm
still playing it if that counts for
anything but you know we don't stream
like there are people who stream every
day and they can I think they can get
away with that where they're just like
you know this week is dedicated to
blood-borne but because we only stream
twice a week it feels like that's too
much like we can't just keep playing the
same thing over and over again I want to
stream or blood-borne but I also I love
this I did like this is the biggest test
like rich streaming something he's never
played before I'm super excited I know I
hate doing that I'm only doing it
because of popular demand okay this
Citian Edwin B I ll t Utley ee-ee-ee-ee
hometown markup Lucky Strikes
our mt4 smelter wedge in all of us Scott
may Hall Ganga's Borgnine riot cure eggs
Etta T Godfather 42
and business thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it
it's true we very much around six months
in a row wet months around four months
in a row four months in a row and just
subscribed that's great hmm
thank you all we really appreciate it no
I'm happy that rich is playing this
hopefully this is this is the thing you
need to teach yourself rich is you need
to teach yourself how to multitask how
to how to pay attention to the game but
still keep an ear out for the things
that I'm saying and keep an eye out for
the chat I think you can do this I do
have I have a superpower which is my
ability to multitask on input is very
high we this comes up a lot during our
best of the worst streaming's are our
best of the worst viewings where I'm
able to make jokes and listen to what
other people say whilst simultaneously
paying attention to the movie and
everyone is always very confused because
I usually know what's happening in the
movie and so rich you need to hone this
power everyone has it you just need to
you just need to hone it I do and I have
are we finally through the cutscene
great yes I think that's great
I'm I'm obviously I'm watching an enjoy
so why don't you guys stream the best of
the worst viewings because it would be
really boring most of the time I think
we've talked about that a lot where it's
like the unedited footage of us what
like of us watching the movies would be
really boring we have a couple funny
bits in an hour and a half and those
funny bits you see Jay Brody I asked
Jack will you ever be on half in the bag
I've been on it several times I was
mailman Tommy
I was comedy blanket Scott comedy club
patron hello famously famous blinkin
comedy club patron I want to send the
place hold up sir using I can move work
focuses where am I am i following it if
I can move it oh I see what I see
thank you I understand now I understand
things it makes sense to me it's true do
you think make sense
I didn't have the greatest free comic
book day mostly because I was I was
working I was working on free comic book
day Saturday but oh you know actually
you know speaking of comic books I'll
get into my first dish peel here's
whoever recommended to me that Hawkeye
my life as a weapon comic
it's a bad recommendation I was really
dumb I really did not care for it it
wasn't it wasn't a story like you know a
lot of trades are our single story these
were little vignettes each comic its own
little micro story and I thought they
were all a little dull
the tape was it was alright the tape was
alright for those of you who recommended
in my life his weapon his little the
tape storyline was fun but I thought
overall I was pretty dull and everyone
as a running gag throughout it all the
bad guys kept referring to Hawkeye
Hasbro and I thought it was really bad
yeah yeah it was really like hey bro hey
bro it like that it was like a running
joke but dedicated services like I don't
I don't know I'm sure he does no there's
no avenger spoiler I'm talking about
Hawkeye the comic book Hawkeye my life
as a weapon the comic book we are not
talking about the Avengers today at all
that was a comic book no spoilers no
spoilers
not something with this tree I thought
surely that suspicious tree was my
destination the what the one green tree
in the barren landscape yeah yeah
something's gotta happen with that tree
I'll be they'll be be horribly letdown
yes
Jay Broda I have read Miles Morales
spider-man and I enjoy it I think it's a
it's a really good take a really good
way to kind of reboot spider-man without
completely
erasing all of spider-man's past I enjoy
it a lot
the it gets really weird during the
Ultimate Comics spider-man run where
Captain America is the president and
he's fighting a war that's weird but
just the regular Miles Morales ultimate
spider-man is I enjoy a lot
check-check loaded to me and I just
honestly I don't care enough to read it
yeah I know you uh you you like Peter
Parker you're a Peter Parker fan to read
it at this point it's not ladies not
Peter Parker's and I'm I'm actively
trying to get back into comics I'm
trying to read more comics I there was a
time where I really enjoyed comics and
I'd like to get back to that so why
would you want to get into something
that's going to well I don't want to go
crazy I don't want to go crazy with
comics I just wanna I want to not be
apathetic towards comics anymore if that
makes any sense why wouldn't you want to
be on why would you not want to be after
well you know what give me one series
there's a lot of there's a lot I can
catch up on digital comics are cheaper
that's great get up the hill
why are climbing up the thing you can do
it you can do it I don't know where you
are
am I not supposed to climb up here
what's going on what's going on I don't
understand
when in doubt rich triangle great I did
that right okay that makes starting to
make sense
oh isolate mutate you were the one who
recommended that Hawkeye book and I did
not much care for it
III liked I liked the there were two
there were two issues in the in the five
issue trade of the tape and I liked that
storyline I thought that was very
interesting but I did not much care for
the way they handled his character in it
he was they were going for they were
kind of going for a Jason Statham like
he's a super cool spy but also a little
aloof kind of thing with his character
and I did not I didn't care for
so I'm apologize have you guys read the
disaster artist yes it's great I do
that's the book about timing was so and
I've heard nothing but great things have
not got around to reading it and I've
also like I've never seen the room never
never and that's wrong like another shit
to do like watching the best movie ever
made
I've seen bits and pieces I'll get
around to it I'll get around to it
congratulations
that's neat oh yeah I see your to the
Colossus somebody Colossus hi how many
Colossus I wanna say 12 but I don't
remember I'm assuming I run out of the
way of that
oh my god get up you are you talking to
you or the colossi
so I need to hold up my sword on this
guy alright I'll do that I'll do that
see the sword thing you can do it I look
tired
oh yeah you're pretty down on out I
don't understand what this is doing why
I had to do this I think this is I think
this is a waste of my time you might
want to rethink that well then I'm just
getting to the part where you're using
the sword in the first place
rethink the sword thing yeah yeah
oh that's a good topic did you hear
about the kerfuffle around the new Adam
Sandler flick apparently a slew of
Native American actors walk walked out
because that's too racist and so then
they put effort they put Native American
makeup on white actors to make them look
Native American you heard of the
fighting ladies no there was a team
racist you're like we Indians those the
Braves the red and the Redskins
there was a Native American team called
the fight whities that's perfect yeah
yeah I think it's great I think that's
great uh Jay Brody uh no I have not read
the guardians of the galaxy 2008 I think
we talked about this once before
I'm not into space comics I don't that's
not my thing I don't I I think they get
a little too space comics in general or
just that's well that's where most of my
space comics reference comes from is
Marvel Universe based comics which I've
never much cared for and like I've read
a couple Superman storylines where he's
gone into space too and it's it's just
never been my thing
I die it just gets too big for me and
like all of the all of the people are
just like bigger versions of different
gods and they're fighting and it just
it's too much for my tiny brain to
handle so I've never really been into
space comics so I have not read it and I
don't know if I would care for it did
you died
great yeah that's great
you can do it rich I believe in you
the wizard says Heath Ledger was thought
to be a bad Joker while Jared Leto is
now being considered to be a promising
Joker it's like poetry arrives it's it's
true it's uh I mean again like people
were judging Heath Ledger's Joker on
nothing but the publicity photo right
which is dumb we should not judge things
on a publicity photo and Jared Leto I
think is a he's acted well in things
Heath Ledger was a good actor I the the
thing I will say is I like I like the
fact that they are trying something very
different with this joker and you know
if if he looks the way he looks finally
like like he looks in those publicity
stills I like the fact that they are
trying something very different so
hopefully that makes no judgement on the
movie but oh did you died okay I really
enjoy climbing I think it feels very
very satisfying yeah and do you notice
the stamina gauge the the circle on the
lope
oh no the the circle on the lower right
the more pink it has the more grip you
have and when you lose your grip you uh
I see that mr. shyness fell I just told
them
correct dungeon master blaster I did not
like the x-men when they went into space
adventures I didn't I thought it was
always dumb and then you know you fight
this base guy and but then this other
space guy who has different space powers
yeah it got too it got too weird for me
you got you know you know what you know
what I don't like about space war hero
stuff
why is Iron Man in his technology still
relevant like why would an alien some
technology far beyond anything that Tony
Stark could build you know why wouldn't
they see like an Iron Man suit oh yeah
we had crap like that 400 years ago
well that's different like you know they
could well they could have like taking
different paths like it's it's the same
thing where they're like humanoid but
have like oh we've never thought about
making a suit like that we just made
spaceships that got us here a lot faster
let's just shoot them with our spaceship
exactly but then that's usually the
thing right or it's like our spaceship
is more powerful but Tony's faster and a
little smile uses wits I mean yeah it's
garbage
yes obscure cactus both rich and I have
seen Avengers 2 we're not talking about
it though because lots of people have it
fresh out this weekend we're not eat
we're not even going to tell you what we
thought about it because it's just like
yeah it's opening weekend do what you do
do what you do
do what keep do stana mo doesn't appear
to be recharging do I have to get off
the Colossus before will recharge no no
it's like if you sometimes you can find
a spot on the Colossus too like where
you don't have to grip and then you can
just kind of like let go and and let it
recharge hey jack says tired and said is
there an actor you want to play Batman
No here's here's the thing that I'm
gonna say is I want Ben Affleck to play
Batman I want him to play it in a better
movie hey rich would you would you say
oh my god you the wizard Oh 2 to 4
apparently his brothers in the hospital
and he wanted and is watching this right
now and wanted you to say oh my god so
that's for you the Wizards brother that
was a better one that was absolutely but
no I think like I think Affleck is a
good actor
and I think he he has the right weight
and width to play a Batman correctly and
he's just going to play it in a bad
movie as my is the bad part
actors are only good
Oh people don't film going off so Aflac
Affleck the flack
I said you just keep shaking his leg
I'll probably fall off scrape it up
against the scrape the back of his leg
up against värnamo maybe he doesn't know
did you did you try shining more light
on him before okay I'm gonna give you a
little heads up did you did you try
refocusing the the light on him did you
notice that when you were on certain
parts of them your light got more
focused than in other parts before you
get all up and climb all up on Mon again
try the roots try the light line okay
all right all right you can do this rich
it was there another place it focused on
maybe oh well when it focuses on
something like kind of hang it there for
a little bit
Oh for crandall Street I know put it but
I like it I think it's great all right
all right you think it's great I do I
also like Africa forgetting a lot this
is a horrible it's a horrible room
that's blue to the game horrible like
what no what was it the there's a
there's a way that the sword like
reveals weak spots is basically the
thing with the colossi and I fir I
forget exactly how you do it rich please
don't be such a noob how can I not be a
new this is the first fucking time I
played this I like it
rich let us hear on this journey my
journey of not being able to focus on
the game enough because I'm trying to
chat and talk and read things that are
going on this is a terrible idea
yeah oh they're and they're saying
Ritchie you were doing it right you just
keep running out of stamina okay stop
doing then
got a you gotta stop doing that that's
the one thing
see this is fun I don't know why anybody
would want to watch well you know it's I
I think it's interesting the learning
process you can get there rich I believe
in you you know your because I think in
general you're you're more than not
smart mm-hmm that's great he's trying to
shake me out of his bud I'm assuming I'm
supposed to jump over onto that arm I
get only I'm just I'm just seeing him
shake you off his butt right now where
you going
mmm yeah that's pretty good idea get
over to the arm which is a tenacious
what am I saying rich is a tenacious
gamer I don't know what that necessarily
means I think it's you know yeah well I
think I think rich should refuse to give
up don't let don't let don't let the
weight of the stream
cloudy rich I'm up nice I'm up out of
thing nice
oh I'm seeing it now
I'm up on a thing stab them in the head
Rayford grim oh yeah we know that we've
we tried using desktop sharing before
twitch plays Pokemon so I could see
exactly what it was so rich could see
with me playing FTL right but that just
adds too much that adds another screen
it adds too much confusion and I think I
think it broke Internet's so you there
what are you doing
I think he keeps waving this fucking
head around god dammit
hey doing great you're doing great stab
him in the head hole I know is your
second done you're doing it
who has more hair the colossi or biscuit
biscuit
it's 100% biscuit I brush biscuit once
every other day and end up with an equal
sized hair chunk to biscuit and biscuit
is a 20 pound cat Oh doing it you're
doing it stamina whatever it's all the
same Mack Gero wants to know how you
deal with a baby how do you get a baby
to stop crying he knows that I have kids
and so you wanted to ask
not even close that just makes them cry
more look into a happiest baby on the
Block how do you feel okay I feel like I
would appreciate it probably we're
playing it on my own but you did it and
I feel very proud of you
in any case happiest baby on the Block
swaddling white noise look into that it
saved both mine and my wife's is sanity
we had very colicky kids and Happy's
baby on the Block works like gangbusters
also for those suggesting diet formulas
for my cat my cat is a normal weight for
his breed he's a Siberian and that's
just how big their he's a normal sized
cat forward was about a Siberian so
settle them biscuit is not overweight
what's happening now rich
Rach what's happening
Bridge Rach right - way to go red
we've lost rich rich rich richer hi this
is weird what is it can you guys hear me
cuz rich rich did you died
I'm texting you rich I'm sending you a
text message you can hear jack but not
rich what happened to rich this is weird
I feel strange kind of just stuck on
this screen and it's just me talking to
you guys this is this is what did he
mean that he didn't mute himself because
like nothing's happening oh wait now
it's saving Rach where are you buddy I
can't hear ya oh no it's a ghost I don't
want I don't want ghosts rich I want I
rich just didn't want me to to talk
anymore don't if you just want to play
the game and not talk and just have me
talk I guess

[Part II]
well that you're a how do I sound now
how do I sound
how do I sound how do I sound no that's
because I am what
do you bleed rich Superman dawn of
Justice it's great it's true it's that's
exactly what it is
how did Ben Affleck get into their Skype
call hate that who knows who knows
that's my goddamn horses congratulations
congratu congratulations listen rich
we'll figure out what the statue
crumbling is don't worry I believe I
believe in his lion brain well I was
we're streaming no you all you know is
there's benefactor chroma crumpled you
will figure it out don't worry
stop the stop all right stop stop chat
and he'll get it
game audio is zero we do things in life
game audio being zero great yeah
so then I'd rather have no game audio
than no jacquard that's yeah this is
just what's gonna happen apparently so
my to me apologies but we know these
things in blop blop blop blop
what can I do that sort that kind of
walk I don't know do the sword thing he
just picks the damn horse did you not do
it on the horse
no you know you were doing a sort of
well I don't he's not doing it was it
was it a different button why is he not
doing it no maybe other got no horse try
moving ours
I can't even do what I'm off the horse
do you need to have your sword out the
sword needs to be in your hand to use
the sword now you can do it on the horse
I remember doing it on the horse I
remember doing it on the horse
ah that's right whip your sword out rich
somewhere down he's figuring out all
right hey you're in and out oh and
apparently you can like quickly equip it
by pressing left or right on the d-pad
that's great that's great okay
everything's great that deep patio find
your horsey Oh yo I say yo a lot it's
because I'm super cool while rich is
riding his horse I will say crows ik
alejandra 'xs 42 a doctor talos fulsol
what full Sun a gram the full sonogram
Bruce from La Hellcat striker and
Questor fest thank you all for
subscribing we very much appreciated the
important questions with don't forget
about child-bride thank you for
subscribing I take it you got the
program on your and once again that's
thank you doctor thank you - leftover
beefcake this is exactly the program we
were looking for and you made it you
should find a way to offer this up to
all twitch streamers I think they will
they will want this and have a little
donate button tell us where we can give
it put a donate button because we love
this this is exactly what we were
looking for I will - I will tell all of
my one twitch streaming friends about
this hey twitch plays Pokemon left left
over beefcake made this thing
it's pretty great it's pretty just
compiles all the subscribers on the list
in a window it's the greatest you want
to know the awful thing I haven't yeah I
do I haven't played it yet because that
was a big fan of Mario Kart and I'll
talk about it that's just that's just a
thing that's not an awful thing you're
allowed not to play things well you know
I've been I've been playing blood-borne
I haven't got around to mark are yet I
will get to it
speaking of a donate button you can
totally add a paypal donate link to your
twitch page for those that want to give
you money and not go through twitch oh
we'll look into that there's a donate
button on the rlm site already so let's
go there give those guys money god they
need it
have you seen Jay lately he's wasting
away
does the horse refuse because not doing
that you're good
nope that's where I pizza train a game
kept me from Mario Kart that is the
first sign of the apocalypse and I've
just been really into blood-borne and I
think I'm getting near the end and I'm
pretty excited about that so yes this is
the HD version this is the ps3 HD remake
of shadow the classes that came bundled
with ICO so thank you someone someone
sent that to us and we really appreciate
it
look it up like I said I want to say
there's 12 but I don't exactly remember
how many colossi I'm googling in it
right now sigh how many colossi are
there that's what I just googled okay oh
thank you there are there are sixteen
where sixteen plus I and I just double
checked that on the team ICO wikia and
they confirm 16 hola sigh that's great
I came in a little late but is this game
mainly just boss battles with class I
it's only boss battles with colossi well
Titan Souls is like this
the only difference is this this has
really nice atmosphere in between boss
battles have you heard about the thing
that happened with I did I saw that I
saw people mention it during our stream
and I looked into it I don't
it's what here's here's what I'm gonna
say the way it appears to me is that
totalbiscuit was looking to start some
shit he said I'm not I'm not sure if a
game that's just boss rush is right and
then the Titan Souls guy had like did
you see what did you see who touched
those guys hissy fit did you see what he
tweeted toilet biscuit oh well that was
yeah I was printing out total biscuits
tweet and posting it to his refrigerator
that was it that was all he tweeted and
then people started jumping down his
throat that's it okay and then he
tweeted one tweet toilet biscuit I'm
okay that he doesn't like it or whatever
he said there it's just like and so they
at that point by the way well it sounds
to me like all saloon can't take all
total biscuit has to do at that point is
what not say anything right and then he
said he's not gonna do the game only he
made a big deal out of not reviewing the
game is I guess this is what I'm saying
he was looking to start some shit I mean
III need maybe I need to look into this
more the what from what I heard it
seemed like all total biscuit had said
as he said
yeah sure sure polite away eh that's not
starting shit that's not what I'm
talking about like it's like
totalbiscuit is absolutely in his right
to say that like oh this game like I'm
gonna play this game doesn't necessarily
look like my thing but I'll give it a
try right that's fine but then the dev
you know prints out that little thing or
whatever right and then a total like
totalbiscuit makes a huge deal out of
why he isn't not going to review that
game when he could have just he could
have just walked it off and no one and
the the game dev wouldn't have gotten
any publicity it just would have all
gone away so it seemed to me that
totalbiscuit making as big a deal out of
it as he did was him trying to incite
his fanbase that's what it seems like to
me I don't know much about this person I
don't know much about his fans I don't
know I'm sure he's big because I've
heard of his name before yeah it dad
that's just what it sounded like to me
but because because like the dev the dev
didn't seem to say anything that bad you
know so it doesn't matter and it really
doesn't matter then you know the game is
what the game is
but like did you hear his audio post on
it yeah listen to total biscuits audio
post on like the morality of him
choosing not to review the game and
you'll hear it total biscuit yes already
pretty big why would he need to start
with an okay well here's my hands my
personal theory okay I think he was
swinging his dick around
I think that was his way of proving his
bigness personal theory but if you
listen to his audio post he goes in
great lengths in details over the the
the morality of
the objectivity of reviewing this game
now that the developer has attacked him
he used the word attacked I want to say
and it just seemed a little a little
pompous yeah yeah but here's and this is
something I've said and it continues to
be true I know nothing about
totalbiscuit I've seen one of his videos
someone mentioned this when I did the
Titan soul stream so I looked into it
this is just how I perceive it I might
be wrong if this is just my opinion on a
thing it is video she seems yeah yeah
you know what he's a British man so we
can only assume he's classy MC Lucas I
have seen one totalbiscuit video and
this audio blog that this is literally
my entire knowledge of totalbiscuit he
did a video did he do banner saga is
that way you showed me to do first when
we did banner suck he does a lot of
things yeah yeah yeah yeah we watch one
of his what the fuck is videos and I
want to say this for Banner Saga and I
saw that and I saw the I've heard his
audio post and that is literally my
entire knowledge of totalbiscuit
so yeah I don't know what kind of person
he is this is like I said this is just
what it sounded like to me but the way
he was it almost seemed like he was
dramatizing what the developer had done
to him
and there was there was an insightful
not insightful a inciting where do I
want to use here I don't know that's
just how I read it
I could be wrong you guys know I'm wrong
a lot that happens oh okay yeah yeah I
see that
ice isolate mutate I think puts it the
best which is the dev was being a dick
and totalbiscuit overreacted I I think
maybe that's where we can all agree but
also like totalbiscuit you know said
something about a game the devs had some
backwards just like that was it there
didn't need to be anything else
John got Lee we are not going to talk
about age of Ultron for one you'll hear
what we think about it soon enough for
another yeah a lot of you know spoilers
so no snow no even no even talk yes meat
Packard it was just Twitter drama
I'm sure well it's that's the actually
the thing like that's where I took it to
be more than that is it was just Twitter
drama which you which would have been
washed away but then totalbiscuit took
it a little further and and you know set
a flame under his fans so I don't know
yeah he made the audio post to explain
to his audience why he wouldn't be
covering the game but he could have just
not covered the game wouldn't that have
been more hurtful to the tabligh I don't
know it doesn't matter whatever I know I
do I say that it I say it doesn't matter
and then I keep talking about it for ten
more minutes
that's just something I do get used to
it or don't it doesn't matter great
totalbiscuit is my cat that's right
that's right my cat biscuit totally yeah
do you get it I get it I get it it's
great everything's great
I think I think things I think things
and then I say the things I think and
then you guys asked me to explain more
other things I think so I do that no no
Murdock what trying to follow your chat
do-do-do-do-do-do-do Oh what would I
disagree with that Angus doesn't matter
to him I too fast
rich they're saying the sword I don't
know that's just what they're saying oh
you're great that's it that's all I want
okay how am I not dead I don't know what
happened I fell a long ass wait I'm
gonna watch your health meter to see if
there is fall damage just not dead the
power it's the power of love it's the
power of love rich Huey Lewis said at
the best live act organum ma'am spoilers
for this game smile for well and it
sounds depressing do you know like how
much spoilers do you know oh that's
tough so you know how it ends okay yeah
it's it's a it's a it's a grammar I like
I like to avoid depression in my video
games real life is shitty enough I don't
I don't need it my escape sometimes you
need that sometimes you need that
sometimes you need a little depression
it's not about what you got that's your
thing whatever I don't give a shit you
like but it's not for me which is all
I'm saying
and I think
say my opinions I don't like depression
of my games you can't know how I like
arguing with Y my opinion is different I
wasn't I wasn't arguing against your
appeal when I was dating my own settle
down wrench all this totalbiscuit talk
has gotten you all in a tizzy just
thought I was mildly interesting
streamis you'd play Titan Souls I still
pick up that once in a while and I do I
enjoy the boss battles a lot I do I wish
the world in between the bosses was a
little more interesting
that's actually a hinderance of the
pixel art style but I do like how easy
it is just to pick up and play you know
or it's like if I only have five ten
minutes I know I can try for a boss or
fine to the next boss like just walk and
find the next boss so overall I'm
enjoying Titan souls but then again it's
my kind of game oh yeah and shut up the
classes yeah oh it's great love love the
grip thing you know I usually look out
for the butts but I don't know where it
is I'm sorry I can't bus to have any
more why can't I but stab is exactly
what you need rich you're doing great
more butt jokes
we need 20% more butt jokes well we
can't go too far with it
no I think it's great I think the entire
idea of a level being the the end boss
is so amazing but then like even just
riding to the end boss and you know your
sword lighting your way and after that
first colossi just like the anticipation
of getting to the next giant monster is
is really really beautiful the light
beam thing focus was kind of weird oh I
suppose that would make sense cuz it's
like maybe it's like reflecting light
have we already been through what the
plural or what the singular of Colossus
is is it Colossus I thought it was
colossal but someone is saying Colossus
is I think somebody looked it up in the
chat in the stream and it's colossi it's
been proven okay to the best of my
understanding great oh oh
Colossus is singular colossi is plural
gotcha I was hearing you say that but
the way you worded it sounded like you
were agreeing with my calling colossi in
the singular well that's what I'm saying
that's what I heard cuz it's come on
like I his singular
not us us is plural in human form but I
is singular
how long you know thirty three years
no I suppose actually you know what I I
didn't talk right away so maybe only
like twenty eight years I was I was a
late talker I'm making up for it now by
just talking without even thinking about
him
said I just have it the head knows that
was going on we gotta find spam or was
it was his button that is rich sometimes
the way to the butt is through the head
you know what I'm saying usually things
go into those that sometimes already
other but it through the head plurals
are hard people settle down use my sword
use my sword to one don't worry about
them
it's gonna be fun
that's right a horrible glory away AAHA
way to a man's head is through his butt
and vice versa it's a wait are you going
to his butter his head you can do it
okay I'm not sure maybe you can then I
suppose you'll just try again
it'll be fine can you use your thought
up there and double-check where these
weak spot is yeah I try to I try to stop
those well then just crawl around his
blood for a little bit see what you see
what you dig up see if there's any
Klingons around is your Uranus that's I
know I listen I'm not saying these are
good jokes right that the joke is what
do what does the Starship Enterprise and
toilet paper have in common they both
circle Uranus in search of Klingons but
they're you know they can't they can't
all be heat death of the universe you
know some four billion years ago we got
I did say stand up didn't work out
Spalding - says shut the fuck up jack
there's a really easy way to get me to
shut up Spalding you just click that
little X button on your window you don't
have to listen to me
but that's so or if you subscribe you
get the real audio this is this audio
that you're hearing now is for
unsubscribers and it's actually filtered
yeah yeah I fell off this blood twice
but I ended up so you did kill him Oh
congratulations
yeah which holds square longer every
time I try to hold square for more than
a second he starts shaking it's funny
you did don't listen to them you kill
him yep that's right that's right
John kilo if you if you subscribe you
actually rich and I we this is literally
pre-recorded audio and you hear us for
subscribers Mike and Jay are live right
now they are talking about talking about
nothing but Star Wars it's pretty great
listen that Star Wars
did you know did you know the movie the
first thing it says well right now says
Disney presents Star Wars how much would
people care you take the same trailer
don't care if it said like some kind of
new name like battles beyond the star
right you make you make them a new
franchise slitter JJ Abrams movie he's
making his own side today nobody well it
wouldn't do what Star Wars will do yeah
yeah but there wouldn't be there
wouldn't be like 5,000 reaction right
video exact trailer I think JJ
everyone's is a big enough name where it
will still do well but no I wouldn't be
it wouldn't be what it is that's a
that's an easy answer
hey rich BRB yep okay
why would you why would you be at Arby's
Arby's is terrible the fuck I'd want to
be anywhere else but our peace
we'll ask Jack when he gets back why I
went to our beefs I hope it doesn't live
too far from one mr. Bould yet
that's jocose old
shut the fuck up rich wow that's that's
kinda harsh shut the fuck up cuz I'm in
an Arby's joke or because I because I
don't like RVs I'm not sure I'm not sure
exactly what you're upset about
all right let's get on that horse
get on that get on the horses stop yeah
ok Jack we're just try to figure out
what why did you go to Arby's you know
the roast beef is pretty all right now I
don't mind Arby's I don't understand
what they hate with our visas it's froze
that's roast beef it's Arby's sauce it's
great it's fine
I think it's fine i like Arby's I'm down
Jay Bedoya says does does Jay hate Star
Wars he seemed he's it seems like he
does yes
he's indifferent which is kind of where
I am right right but no I think Jay has
said several times in in stream that
like he thinks that the new ones gonna
be fine cuz that's what everyone is
gonna be yeah oh yeah I'm not trying to
say that the new one that's horrible
that's fine
takes more that's not worse to get me
excited these days yes I will give
people more shit for liking Olive Garden
than been Arby's Arby's Arby's is
greater than Olive Garden absolutely
you're incredible you have never seen
inside the kitchen of an Olive Garden
Arby's is something no Arby's is fine
it's better than Olive Garden you have
never seen the kitchen of an Olive
Garden yes yes you do it is not it is
not real flight why do I care Arby's I
don't care if it's
just in a factory in Bayreuth I don't it
tastes better than Arby's that's the
only thing that matters I don't care if
it's made with 100% natural fresh
ingredients you can shove all that shit
up your ass that's not I can't believe
this is like a crazy controversy here
but yeah it's gonna be in I like their
like their roast beef I'm diggin I
here's the thing they can make my food
and a vat of chemicals as long as it
tastes good I don't care
sure I guess but you know I also care
about living and in general being a
healthy person I also like I like like
genetically modified food nothing wrong
with it there there's there is literally
no study that links genetically modified
food to higher risks of anything illness
wise I am with you a hundred percent if
we can if we can improve our food don't
let some nuts were paranoid about
anything
agreed agreed yeah there's there's
nothing wrong with GMOs but I'm not
talking about like GMOs and processed
foods are two different things
you know processed food is when they
take nutrition out of it or when they
add fillers in order to make their meat
last longer you know there there's
there's a there's a difference there's
nothing wrong with GMOs all right I also
don't eat fast food that often and so
like the last time I ate at Arby's maybe
six months a year ago so I don't I don't
want to be the great Arby's defender
because I eat fast food maybe once a
week so
the food babe is an ignorant one what
the food babe I don't know either I
thought it doesn't matter I just know
people get bent out of shape about
natural food and genetically engineered
food and then I hope you never eat corn
cuz you know wasn't done in a lab but
essentially Court is highly genetically
modified them the natural version before
you know and you know there's and and
more so we've done studies scientists
have done studies about the effects of
GMOs on the human health and they found
no correlation with poorer health so
that's all that matters
but II right leftover beefcake but dr.
oz that says GMOs are bad well I think
you need to use that every once in a
while
jeido we've been through this a couple
times but you know for people who have
not heard the story about how I have met
the rlm guys here is the short version
because I think many of you people have
heard this story which is literally we
were the very first time I met J and
Mike was when I was shooting the bid for
the Grabowski 's I was Frank hammer on
an episode of the Grabowski 's the
person who mike punched and didn't get
knocked out that was my bit and
literally we had the same friend you
know they were in Milwaukee I lived in
Milwaukee and we had a similar friend we
met her through a friend of a friend and
and I made Internet videos and they made
Internet video
that was it and so it was like oh these
two people make videos you should hang
out together and they're like hey you
make videos we need an actor can you act
and I said no and they said well that's
fine are you free
literally and and so I help and and then
for a while it was always like oh I can
help you with stuff if you need like
help setting up cameras well what we
really need is an actor and I said I'm
not that but they kept putting me and
stuff and that's great yeah Jake before
I waste time am I supposed to jump
across that gap is that a thing that's
supposed to I'm watching this right now
it looks like you can jump across that
is that where you're supposed to go is
that real lady shining you it looks like
you can make it but I don't know
I'm gonna say yeah I'm gonna say yes but
we know how right I usually am rich what
are you doing how can you feel so much
this is why once again I don't like
playing games for the first time on the
street right yeah that's fine that's
fine um you don't need your sword right
now do you jump worse with your sword
out is that a thing I don't know I don't
know so that's where I met Mike and Jay
and as it turned that we had we like the
same movies and got along similarly and
so they kept using me in their videos
and then I would use them for videos
that I was making like to be behind the
scenes people or act in it and then we
just kept doing that and doing that
because we were both doing similar
things and in the same city boom
rich met the rlm crew because apparently
he was born directly next to Mike like
when did you meet Mike Oh in high school
by the way for us to snooze that's
exactly it when I the first time the
first several times I was cast in a
micro J production I asked them for the
script well ahead of time and they never
gave it to me in fact I don't think I've
ever gotten a script from Michael J
until like recently until this week this
week was the first time I've ever gotten
a script from Mike and J they always
just tell me exactly what I'm supposed
to say before it script
no no just say it something like this
yeah that's fine and action oh you
should probably stand right there and
action
I'm Mike in J production right yeah so
that was it I thought was older than
Mike yeah by like a year we saw the same
time no yeah I think I'm the youngest
out of out of everyone
yeah rich is the oldest and I believe
I'm the youngest yeah
do
let's try it try swimming underwater if
you missed a Ledge again okay which
which ledge are you going are you going
for the the ledge like facing you or
well I don't I don't think I can make
that far one I'm trying to go for grab
on the edge of this thing you're about
to get there on that on the screen
yeah that seems to make sense is to go
is to go for that white line that's what
you're going for yeah I mean I don't
assume you would you could make that but
okay Oh actually yeah you know what John
Josh might be older than you rich I
don't know Josh's knows it I don't I
don't I don't even know who met Josh
first birth Josh come into the equation
how do these things happen
I know J made a music video for Josh's
band you know what Josh is role at our
ulema is he's unbent the worst but so J
did a music video for Josh's band and
again I think that was just friends of a
friend thing friends of a friend Jack
have you seen people talk about Star
Wars with Mike Jane rich from ten years
ago no okay I was just gonna ask you
rich if I should see that and if it's
funny no it's just it's just young you
guys I'm not quite so fat Mike sure
looks your hai early doing sure it's Jay
before Jay was sexy
sure sure no like and you know I I
didn't see I didn't see any of their
videos like before I met them lit
literally it was just a friend
a friend of a friend saying hey I have
these I know these people who make
videos you also make videos you should
get together and that's it I die there
are still like movies of early Jay Mike
movies that I have never seen you don't
think is that where are you supposed to
go where it's like where's your light
are you supposed to go on that platform
what are you supposed to be up there
okay I'm just watching you right now
yeah that's what it looks like
I agree I think you just gotta time it
you just gotta get that jump right are
you running are you just jumping I don't
know is there a run button I'm walking
forward before I I think it I think you
like to see if you can run somehow what
was what were your first impressions of
one another I'm trying to remember we
were at a bar they were shooting at a
bar because they knew someone who had a
bar and they were shooting this bit and
they they kept telling me to like
improvise my lines and when I would they
would tell me not to so and I mean they
were good actually they my first
impression of them was they were good
directors they were they worked with me
to get my lines right and had a clear
idea of what they wanted me to do
they were good directors and they they
weren't that organized production wise
that was my first impression of them
like they're used to working with people
who aren't professional actors that that
probably helps from actors when you're
when you're used to working with people
who I have no idea what they're doing
yes no okay but I see are you are
running right there's not a run button
I'm just walking but like if you walk
long enough to you run I was walking the
whole time do you think I am aiming for
the left corner I think you know it
looks like you're going you're going off
of the edge and you need to go off of
the curve does that make any sense I
don't know
there's some blocks I mean you're going
off but your your jumping off where the
road ends and you need to jump off the
side oh you meant first impressions
between me and wrench I don't remember
it wasn't like a a spectacular meeting
then right I'm trying to think of what I
first see here's my first impression was
on who's this guy I don't know he's
being it was the first time we met
probably something feeding frenzy
probably feeding frenzy and of course if
it was feeding frenzy then the very
first time we met I was in full zombie
makeup and you were acting so we
probably didn't get much of a chance to
talk and that's that and then we did
then we next time would have been poop
again and I was probably thinking why
the fuck am I in a thing about his pants
and all I'm thinking was what a cool guy
he's willing to be in a thing about a
guy who poops his pants and that must
mean he's a cool guy what was the
biggest fight you've had with rlm for
creative differences right right no I
mean no no fights where it's just like
it's Evers funniest wins I love a lot of
times like if I'm acting in something
I'll throw something out and you know
immediately if it's going to work or not
if I throw it like oh I think it'd be
really funny if I did this and based on
people's reaction you know whether it's
going to work
so if it doesn't work you just don't do
it here's how this breaks breaks down
okay if if I'm acting and something that
Jack is making at the end of the day
what he wants what matters I'm in his
project and I'm assuming you know jack
Bing and something Micah jr. filming
that at the end of the day he would just
power whatever they wanted to do because
it would be absolute and of course I put
I give my input where they go I yeah oh
yeah we wouldn't say don't don't give us
any ideas and you know a lot of times
it'll just be like let you know let me
it looks like the right thing to do rich
I just think this might be a tricky
thing
yeah I'm sorry but you know like a lot
of times it's like okay you know we've
gotten to take you guys one give me one
where I just do my thing cut it if you
want but at least I know I gave you the
thing that I want to do and that's how
it works
obviously my like especially I want to
say especially Mike and I have very
different senses of humor and so I think
biscuits trying to get in hold on this
is very important
the left thumbstick helps you long jump
I've got the stump sticks buttons my
most Awkward fucking things to use
I found him we have a cat we have a cat
door
so biscuit can get to the basement to do
to do his business it was just the cat
door that came with the house like we
didn't put in a cat door it was just the
cat door that came with the house but
he's too big to get through the cat door
so we need to leave the door open and
someone closed the door so that was that
sorry very important story nope
hi this is not working out
you just can't make the jump
yeah you're just not making that what is
that that was that looked good yeah you
did however it did look like that sort
of thing I'm saying that looked like a
good jump and you were nowhere close
yeah yeah looks like I want to and you
and what are you doing
I keep seeing people say like triangle
button or whatnot or what is the
triangle button do trying a button jumps
jump are you holding the triangle button
like if you hold it down do you jump
longer yeah hold Rhaego
holding the grant button makes the jump
a lot easier hold the jump button yeah
you can't hold the it's the crack the
grab the grant hold the jump button
throughout the entirety of the jump to
see to see if it makes you jump longer
and it's theirs okay seem like it did
actually this is a teachable moment here
teachable moment but did you jump longer
okay that's great so that's great
well then I will take a moment here and
say let's see here a horrible glory no
no fear no Envy s seven seven three
eight two six and spooky Dookie thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it spooky Dookie it's a fun
evening this is the this is the HD
remake on the ps3 for for those asking
yeah and someone called it the busted
ass ps3 version I don't know why is it
why is it oh shit why is doing busted
floppy arms he does he runs a bit like a
muppet you're right oh oh did you make
it this way gasps you hit the wall and
then I was sitting the grab button and
he didn't grab onto the fuck you got oh
you're getting it sure Evan Hall says
Jack I have a 300 word essay due
tomorrow and I haven't even started yet
any advice you do your best work that's
not true my advice is to stop listening
to this stream and start typing and
don't stop typing until you have more
than 500 or more than 300 words that is
it
no I've I've I've like banked out a
papers that I did like like a 5 a.m. I
had to get home like an hour after I
finished it that's what I've done my
best start typing now stop listening to
this and start typing the pressures will
help you unfortunately it's it's just
disabled experience but here's the
easier thing if you feel a mental block
just keep typing and the block will
break through and once you're done
typing you can always go back and edit
it but just keep typing just keep typing
that's the thing
just type it doesn't matter if it sounds
good I am holding our won after jumping
chat I am I've been doing that all the
whole the whole time every jump I've
made a man holding r1 have his jump
fearful sludge Boise is me and rich have
so much in common I don't feel good
about this well that was very nice I
don't know like sometimes I like to
think I see a lot of people saying that
they like they like to listen to things
in the background while they do homework
and there's a lot of work that I think
music helps but for me and of course
this is my super messed up brain where
if if I'm listening to a song or if I'm
listening to other things like
especially people talking if I'm
listening to people talking and I have
to write words I can not you know it
just it messes it up and I start typing
two words I'm hearing so you're right
there we go uh uh yeah what I mean why
did he jump off he jumped off I'm
watching that hold on why did he jump
off I don't know Oh
oh I saw I see that yeah he just jumped
right off I was holding the side and he
jumped he jumped I don't know why Oh God
best dream ever
I agree I don't know yeah I don't know I
also don't know I don't know I know
were you pressing f to hold on to lunch
do you hear this
yeah I don't know what's happened top
this screen it's possibly it's okay I
don't know yeah it's a little bit means
it's cats crazy rich it's crazy can lets
biscuit everybody
what do you think in rich I mean I you
you want you want to pull I think you
can push through but okay keep pushing
to push the rolling I'm gonna go see
what's going on biscuit yeah you figure
out what your fucking game
we're started cat was doing I'm gonna
keep falling off this cliff
I think biscuit is frustrated that I
can't make this jump that's what I think
I just heard me you're doing what I just
is he's just a crazy cat he's just
running around the house meowing and and
like everyone said like run and then
suddenly stop and look at me and yow so
I do it but you know that's a we could
we go as long as we want it is 11 it is
11 after 11 it is 11 11 I agree that's
crazy it was I what the fuck mm-hmm I
was mad yeah yeah that's the real thing
it was like I could sleep in the alarm
went off at 11 times I got fuckin sleep
at em and then I slept another 6 a crazy
thing to me is that your alarm was set
at 11:00 and I understand like your your
your life is way different than mine but
like just waking up at 11:00 would be
crazy to me I'm I get really happy if I
can sleep in till 7:00 like it if nobody
wakes me up until 7:00 I feel like
that's a good morning that's a good
sleep yeah right it's just what we're
used to these are just the things that
were used to so like even 11 it's crazy
me but then to go back to sleep and not
wake up till 5:00 yeah
we'll work on an official unofficial rlm
alarm clock yeah have you are you even
grabbing the ledge anymore or like oh no
no and you're not supposed to jump up I
think you're supposed to crawl around oh
yeah I know that cuz I'm holding
triangle for the long jump I'm still
holding when I grab so he's just
naturally jumps and then you're supposed
oh yeah then you just jump across but
you're not making that one oh my god
you can do this rich you're there you're
so there
don't also don't look at the chat don't
even look at the chat they're not gonna
have they're not gonna help what well
here's here's what they're gonna they're
gonna pretend like they've never made
mistakes in games they're gonna pretend
they're gonna pretend like Oh know
everything I do I always get right the
very first time what that's not the
fucking true well that's not very true
Jack what are your plans to increase the
previously recorded brand recognition my
plan is to continue hopefully making
quality thought-provoking conversational
review videos about video games and
continuing a regular schedule of
streaming where you can hear us talk
about miscellaneous bullshit and there
that I think is the brand and did it you
did it you know it's it's one of those
things where it's it's slow growing but
we are growing we are growing slowly and
and I'm pretty happy with that you know
we need some we need some we need a
couple more big hits I was really upset
with the blood-borne numbers I thought
blood-borne would do better oh I don't
know I think we've barely cracked 60,000
yeah yeah yeah Wow and I thought we why
you know why it's true shit out internet
loves hateful reviews and I thought we
did a pretty good job of explaining why
we liked it so much in the same
thoroughness that we broke apart other
games and also you know didn't we are
our review did come out weeks after the
game had come out which doesn't help but
I was hoping I was hoping for better and
that's okay we'll just continue to make
the best videos we can and that's all
you can do no we're gonna stand what I
might have to do
yes people get mad if we like something
and people get mad if we hate something
the only the problem is if we hate
something and people not only get mad
but they share it there's so mad that
they Marin and if they agree with us
then they're gonna do in and they say
yep they're right and they don't share
like to go around back back here and I
agree am Filipino Bruno it was it was
also late and and that's just
unfortunately that was a byproduct of
our schedules when we could do the
review when we could play the game of
course it takes a the the great thing
about the greatest thing about the order
1886 was we got to finish it in a day we
could finish playing the game in a day
that was great so it was really easy to
play it and have her review and have our
conversation but we we don't we each had
40 hours in to blood-borne before we
could talk about it and we end note with
no advance copies
so well you know what we're working on
it we're just gonna try to make the best
videos we can have a good conversation
about games that's all that's all that's
all we were hoping for yeah all we can
do that's all we can do that's all I was
hoping to make is I like those kind of
videos where I like that from like best
of the worst and a half in the bag
especially when it's a movie that I've
seen I enjoy being part of the
conversation you know so that's what I
was looking to make with previously
recording and that's keep doing we just
gonna keep doing
I have never reached out to a publisher
for an advanced copy I don't even know
if I would know how to do that I guess
we could try but you know what that for
those couple times it might work you
want to hate your product on the
internet well no you know I remember I
remember stuff like that when I when I
was running the college when I was
running the college radio station and a
part of my job as as manager of the
college radio station was like making
sure I was talking to all of the
different record labels right and what
we had to do is we had to compile our
top 10 list for like what was in top
rotation and every college would publish
their top 10 list in the college music
Journal cmj and if we weren't putting
artists from a certain record label in
our top 10 list those labels would
suddenly and unexpectedly stop sending
us the good stuff you know and it's it's
that kind of game I'm sure with
publishers as well which is why a
negative review is an 8 now an 8 out of
10 that's an
negative review program manager yes I
was a program manager at a college radio
station B college radio station had
exactly two employees me and an elderly
man who came in once a month we never
played anything and all of my top ten
rotation lists were completely made up
month-to-month just so I could get
records that I wanted to listen to but
but this is its part it's part of the
game and because rich and I aren't part
of a bigger organization they're not
gonna give it to us easily but I will
look into it yeah yeah I was hoping I
was hoping you were
oh my god I love this guy
I love how long it takes him to swing
his sword I think it's great oh don't it
like isn't it Corey isn't it great Jo is
yours your what I just look I love the
the intensity into the circle you're
seeing again it's a fair assumption I do
I don't remember any of these fights he
was standing at constantly what I want
him to slam it down like this fucker yes
I would agree that he's a fucker
yeah it looks like it looks like you
were standing in the center and he hit
he hit like over it so maybe stand more
like closer to him in the circle like
when you stand in the center he hits
down after it and so like stand at the
front of the circle facing him and maybe
he'll hit the center of it or maybe say
rich how would you say that the
mechanics for fighting skyscraper
monsters compared to something like god
of war where no matter how big the enemy
is all you get to do is a QuickTime
event to death you know I I i do love
the the climbing method though of
fighting giant bosses i typically hate
the giant bosses in video games i like i
like boss fights that are more of like a
duel finally your own size and I never
like fight the giant thing here oh that
again that's what they have
yeah like and god of god of war fighting
all of the little things is really fun
like the combos your weapons
I'll take ninja gaiden oh sure sure but
today it's still funny fucking the
combat is fun and it's fluid and it
feels good it's it's a button masher
absolutely but it feels great and then
the bosses are cheap the bosses are our
QuickTime events
oh I hear that
yeah rich you gotta stop standing in the
center of that circle you got to get get
on the close side of him so he hits the
circle because he keeps over swinging
that circle that's that's 100 percent
and you got it you can't you're running
too soon but like stay in the circle but
like the close side of him to the on the
circle you know that's what it looks
like because he keeps over swinging and
then you run too fast so he's missing
the circle this is what's this is what's
gonna happen you can do this oh great
great
it just happened
I hear it I hear it happened oh I'm
watching it now that's so fucking
awesome ah great okay cool
you did it congratulations and I think
he broke it Ford I think he broke his
arm yeah yeah oh yeah his sword is fine
but now rich can climb his arm that's
the important part
don't worry about breaking forward yes
falling Mick Falls a lot well it's it's
it's medieval time so it's folly sir
falls a lot sir Falls oh yes sir that
makes perfect sense
ha ha ha jokes
so many things we say are funny but most
of them are not yeah I know that's
probably true rich have you heard about
the tesla powerwall yes power wall this
is something that probably does not
excite you very much as you are a renter
but as a homeowner this is something
that's very very exciting
do you know you know the corporation
Tesla they make they are famous for
electronic cars all electric cars all
electric cars that are you know crazy
fast and muscle cars and 0 to 60 in 1.8
seconds or whatever but oh yeah they're
also into space travel so Elon Musk be
the head of Tesla gives this keynote the
other day right and he says we have
figured out the bridge we have figured
out renewable energy we no longer have
to worry about renewable energy being a
problem anymore because we figured it
out and he said it's all about solar
energy solar energy is a great resource
the only problem is storing that energy
has always been the big problem right
because when the Sun is the brightest we
capture all this energy but we have no
way of saving it because battery
technology sucks right it's great so he
says what we've done is we've taken all
the research we've put into our amazing
batteries for our electric cars and we
are creating a battery for your home the
powerwall something where if you have
solar panels you can charge up this
battery and run your entire house on a
battery yes
amazingly nice yes something like that
it's amazing you know and so night but
not only then let's say you don't have
the greatest access access to solar
panels it's something that could siphon
electricity because electric companies
sell electricity at different price
points during the day like for example
more people use electricity at night so
electricity is more expensive at night
so you could siphon electricity during
the day when it's cheaper and used the
battery at night when electricity is
more expensive saving you money or hook
it up to a solar grid and offset some
some parts and just never have to worry
about like a power outage in your
neighborhood again because you have a
battery it's the most amazing thing in
the world well what would you expect
that's a battery that could run your
entire house that you know what that's
exactly what Lisa said when I was
talking to her about this 3535 reason
relatively reasonably priced for a
battery that could potentially power the
entire house amazing oh yeah that
doesn't include like solar panel that
all that's that's just for the battery
okay but yeah okay well I expect then by
the time you aren't actually that
expensive but this is what you want
absolutely but no it's it's amazing
technology and and he's giving this
presentation in this auditorium right
now all the the tech writers are they
and everyone's taking pictures and all
the cameras are running on all the
lights are on them he says here's what
we're gonna do to help prove this
technology we're gonna switch the
breakers off in this building and run
this this building on our batteries and
so they cut to a camera that show like
the breakers he says okay let's get
ready to switch oh wait we already have
been this entire building this entire
night has been running off of our
batteries it's beautiful okay just
beautiful it was really exciting if you
are into green technology is there any
way to get these fuckers
button stops that's actually part of the
game it's just frustrating at this point
because I'm where I need to be and I'm
just waiting for him to stop making me
do it so in any case I was super excited
I watched the keynote his presentation
the only problem is Elon Musk is no
salesman like he's an engineer he's a
scientist he is not very good at like
beyond spiring speech so it was a little
it was a little rough to watch his
keynote a lot of stuttering a lot of
herbs and aams he was no Steve Jobs
Steve Jobs a lot of people can say a lot
of negative things about him but I think
one thing everyone agrees on is he was a
hell of a Salesman that man could sell a
product and so but Elon Musk was he
wasn't great salesman but his passion
came through no matter what which is
great on sparing speeches aren't so fake
like they can be faked
you know and when like for example if
you are an Apple fanboy like I am and
you watch the Tim Cook Apple keynotes
they seem a little fake Tim Cook isn't
the greatest at speeches he tree goes
for inspiring he goes for emotion but he
doesn't do it go back and watch some of
those Steve Jobs he knows and you will
feel it he was a good salesman in a case
yeah home batteries this is the future
available soon available being
manufactured in a plant that is entirely
run by solar energy of course yeah my my
dream fantasy house we might have a
bunch of solar panels but oh go going
off the grid it's something that I would
love
I would love to do them so swing your
Thormann Apple fanboy
haven't we been through that I have a
Mac I have a Mac in an iPhone everyone
in our line except for me as you like
Apple it's true they won't shut up about
it it's true we want and that's that's
why we're fanboys except for the Apple
watch mr. Chas Moses Jack my twitch
friend you're describing a cult leader
a cult leader yes is a good salesman
that is true but you know just because
you're good salesmen doesn't necessarily
mean your cult leader well you know hold
on hold on while I check the cult of
mac.com - which is a website it's a
thing it's a thing I like Apple I like
the product I like their ethos I like
their i like their whole thing except
for the Apple watch which i think is an
unnecessary piece of hardware people who
have the Apple watch seem to enjoy it I
think it's incredibly but see this is
the thing I'm an Apple fanboy and the
Apple watch was too much for me so I
guess I'm not I can't be a hundred
percent Apple fanboy then it's less dumb
than the Google glasses uh yeah okay
I'll be with you there I'll be with you
there I'm sorry professor salt that you
have a Mac and you hate it I love my Mac
I do I love the operating system I love
it I love it all Jack are there any
games you would push your kids to play
no I wouldn't push him to play anything
yeah you got a I put a lot of games in
front of them and I I hope they enjoy
them but no I know I never push because
once you start pushing they'll figure it
out and then they won't like it so you
can't you can't push anything on them
you just have to make things available
and hope they like the good stuff
I think so most people I do think so
where if you if you really like if you
really push something hard
someone's gonna back away unless you're
great salesman and I don't think I'm a
great salesman but you know yeah my boys
like Mario Cart my boys like a lot of
the games I play and they play a lot of
interesting games what have we been
pulling recently we've been playing the
the Lego Batman game and it's a it's not
great there's there's Lego Batman scream
Joker do you bleed wouldn't that be the
worst no he does not nice it's all very
cute it's not a great game I'm actually
I'm actually a little I Roley at it most
of the time but it's cute and and they
seem to have a fun time with it but
where do I go what do I do
what am i doing what is life is life
I'll go with no no body for many people
life is minecraft and I agree I'm trying
to keep my children away from Minecraft
as long as possible
gotta be on a stupid Minecraft is crack
cocaine to children it is terrible don't
get your kids anywhere near Minecraft or
that will be there and
your life Oh evil of you well know how
you can't find a spot if I could find it
he just for something shakin so that's
the game rich yeah I get it I get it oh
look at how adorable this this Colossus
is minecraft is very creative you're
right you're right no I'm not I am by
the way this is not me hating on
minecraft I just don't want
III want to make sure I try to keep them
as diverse as pop as possible and what I
hear with minecraft is once you
introduce children to minecraft they
forget about everything else they forget
about eating they forget about sleeping
they forget about all other games except
for Minecraft and I like keeping them
diverse a little Lego Batman a little
Captain Underpants a little blood-borne
you know some of everything
you're gonna do it rich I believe in you
yeah yeah I keep shaking his head yeah
especially blood part right
oh that's a really good tip perfect says
they think you should use your sword to
stab his body oh yeah yeah it was great
when he's not shaking his fucking egg
right Grey giant no and my kids have not
played blood-borne but as I've talked
about they've watched me play ball barn
and they liked it they drew pictures you
can check them out on my Twitter they
think that the creepy world is fun they
like monsters they like Ford as all kids
do all kids like monsters and thorns you
did it
he's a rich great courage Ison's you
sound
you sound like like someone who just
appeared a colossus with you which is
tired yeah I'm exhausted
yes you only have 13 left right so let's
do this tonight but what do you think
like you've had a couple hours in the
game and basically this is it like you
know you find you yeah no I enjoy it I
enjoy it is it's neat it is even even
something as banal as like making your
way to the Colossus the colossi is
something that's very exciting
I think it is I think I think there's a
I think there's a great anticipation in
getting obviously you had a bit of a
hard time they're making that jump but
but imagine if you made that jump on
that first time just like riding to the
colossi that's that's I think it's great
thing I use a great thing I think
everything is great all the time that
you make sounds as if you are ready to
call it anything actually Chad I am
meeting you are eating business cough
actually it's a garden veggie straws
with sea salt they're pretty good okay
great it is it is quarter to midnight
okay I think I think I'm excited that
that you that you at least had a good
time fighting the Colossus so yeah we're
probably gonna call it and for streams
this week I am out of town I will be in
lovely San Francisco attending hopefully
a lovely wedding and so we don't know
rich may do solo streams Wednesday and
Sunday I'll probably check our Twitter
at previously wreck well well I'll let
you know whether we're streaming or not
or whether it's a rich solo stream or
not obviously if you see a picture of
biscuit you know we're not streaming but
uh heads-up as I guess what I'm saying
I'm assuming you know with with the time
difference and with with our schedule
out there I will not even be able to
call it unfortunately so yeah
I'll do although at least one solo
stream it may be fucking maybe I'll like
to do to at least one okay if you don't
mind good don't might quite everyone
knows everyone knows back to original
stream maybe maybe I'll take another
whack at doing a deputizing no
death-room I think I think I have a
strategy to get high by worry I really
who did you die over the last time I've
used my the second time you meet Carlito
he he Snipes at you from a discarded get
close I
I should have whipped up some quiz I
could have charged him that's what I
should have done that I didn't do that
so I mean I might give that another shot
all right well yeah we will tweet and we
will let you know but in any case thank
you all for coming out
let's see do we have any and for the
record news people are bringing that
game up I'm saving I'm saving dead souls
till Jack is actually hearing aid apply
do I really want to play demon souls and
I appreciate you you waiting for me
because I do and I will the next time
I'm in the studio where I'll play vmon
Souls yes yeah so we're waiting on that
that's the whole also we haven't we'd
have one who subscriber before we leave
which is game guy one one seven thank
you for subscribing we really
appreciated he's a new subscriber so
thank you to all the new subscribers
thank you to all of our old subscribers
and thank you to everyone else who got
to witness Rich's birth into the world
that is Shadow of the Colossus
