Feb 22, 2015
Hand of Fate
Part I: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3880619, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdXJjpHgIqk
Part II: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3880991, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjacgyjXgh8
Part III: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3881020, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gr__CkNi3Fw
11:10am: "We are streaming tonight, either Grim Fandango or Hand of Fate. 8:30pmCSTish." (archive.vn/NNAqG)
8:22pm: "Hand of Fate - we gonna figure it out NOW" (archive.vn/SgXxO)

[Part I]
maybe if greats wouldn't glow maybe Jack
wouldn't find them or maybe I'd have to
actually be a detective and search for
them you know you know what though I
mean that's kind of the point of
detective vision and yet you do you know
you really don't have to have that on
right that's true that's true you really
don't have to have that on it'sit's kind
of it but I mean in some cases you do in
some cases it requires you to have it on
oh no oh hi everybody good evening all
you hacks and frauds yep you're right I
got a tweet I got a tweet hand hand of
fate hand of fate this is what we are
playing tonight between rich what were
we talking about earlier you want to do
on a rehash out that this which one
about the title about about the
clickbait title remains I'm hide much
for the record I was kind of against it
I I think that title has people going
into the video already already against
us and anything we might have to say
it's it's off-putting and it makes me
feel a little bit skeevy I'm saying
skeevy heavey sleazy my too extreme I
don't know and it's like I think like
the people that come in hating on us so
if it had a different title just
wouldn't come in what's fun no that's
fine so maybe like if a hundred people
click on the video who are like oh I'm a
call of duty is gonna say their decision
um maybe one of them though will be like
Oh a new idea maybe maybe maybe or
probably not
or probably not you know you I guess
either way everyone sang on my voice is
an echo yeah I think my voice is so nice
she can hear it twice switch so a lie
but it's why I appreciate your voice
shouldn't be an echo I don't hear an
echo hold on the title turned me on
right one weird one weird trick about
playing call of duty hold on for a
second oh I have to finish the tweet
still what the fuck sexy word oh well
done Harry fed thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it see we do ya
know they're saying that here's this
somebody said they agree with you on the
title like calamari is more immersive
the only the only problem with that the
topic at hand sure true but the topic at
hand was button prompts and I don't know
that the call of duty games are really
the the poster boy for button prompts
and games other than the one infamous
funeral scene uh well first of all I
know I'm right because factual record
thank you four sets that's fractal
Packard fractals fraction of all your
pants off over the line and you're
contradicting yourself that's why that's
what editing's for your not cohesive or
clear you're just kind of random fuck
kjb eight thank you for subscribing we
very much appreciate it I'm so close oh
that one would buy thank you for
subscribing because we really appreciate
it
I mean you know it's it's slightly
misleading but call of duty did have the
one wat i am james it'd just subscribed
are you the real James it because if so
I enjoy the work that you do in the
videos that you make it's a little so
the titles are middle uh or what was it
so call of duty doesn't have a ton of
button prompts in the actual yeah every
game does it called but every game does
and call of duty is the poster child for
the modern triple a title so it all
right all right what the fun way that's
the real James in the James it is a
video maker he he made uh he the reason
I know of him is because he made the
promotional material for the binding of
isaac I including the really creepy
puppet uh the Isaac as like slimy
puppets I'm not see showed you that it's
good is good stuff press B to subscribe
thank you for pressing B and subscribing
we really appreciate this is zack i'd
had to get that out of the way how's
business get hey get that business done
rich so Isaac video puppet uh hold on
i'm james it'd yeah that's James it'd
okay okay just subscribed and I
appreciate it I'm forfeiting this game
because I want to start fresh how do you
know what's eat 10 I know you may try
again I asked him and he said it was if
this is too much trouble I guess it
might not rhyme early
if that if that might do better if you
can unless you to work with I still have
that kind of faith in people I kind of
trust in the people in the chat dr. I
killed the cat I don't hear riches echo
and no one else he was Rich's echo so
who all here's riches echo that's the
real question well I mean let me say
something so people can determine echo
question quick answers someone has to
find from Chicago I'm Chicago have I
ever seen Michael Jordan play basketball
in person yes when I was a kid maybe
maybe a little bit too young to
appreciate what i was saying but i have
seen michael jordan bendables play
they lost the fucking dicks but I saw it
well there you go he's up and that's all
that matters okay yeah I'm seeing
overwhelmingly that people are not
hearing echoes so I apologize but uh oh
and apparently it's Elvis delvis his
birthday today scared of returning to
the fray i believe i believe it was
amount of a field trip i got for being a
you still ain't IA altar boy I was an
altar boy and for the record I was
conscripted it was not my decision and I
hated every fucking minute of it so for
the record Richard Evans was an altar
boy no I was not molested I was very
loved how rarely one encounters the folk
you are fortunate oh wait I wanted to I
think I wanted to turn thee and and when
I say Chicago I I do mean the suburbs
because there are there are many suburbs
and if I if I say I'm from you know
those podunk I'm supportive with fucks
that but if I say Chicago everybody gets
the idea of cycling around the wheel and
dip Lena right memories oh hi oh we had
a new subscriber glory holdem was that
it hey didn't sit gloryhole dumb ok well
I think that was you thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
um as I start to play this game maybe
obviously we're gonna talk about the
episode we're gonna talk about a bunch
of different stuff I want to let
everyone know this is literally my very
first time playing this game and I know
almost nothing about it so it might be
terrible um I got jakab duska and I got
this lady I am marreth of the forest
folk my people have long helped the
mortals of this realm but Boone would
you ask of me I can ask for longer life
more supplies or goals i'm going to ask
for supplies at
I'm sure you agree negative food card I
don't know what that means I don't I
don't know anything about this game you
you told me it was like batman arkham
asylum that's what I saw I what I what I
saw someone who I follow on YouTube
jerma made a little video about this and
it has combat from batman arkham asylum
but it's also a deck-building RPG
roguelike which sounds like a mishmash
of ideas that shoot i think you've been
bamboozled it's and also it's very
possible I've been bamboozled but it
lives in every game by initial moment
where things begin I have learned these
cards all my days and the canyon is
enough what sky dandy thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
sky dandies been with us for the past
five months okay you see a weapon
glinting in the sunlight lying next to a
skeleton at the bottom of a canyon I
think we should climb down and retrieve
the weapon okay for cards 30 inches of X
less you wanna change my failure ooh we
succeeded and we got a weapon card
when axe what are doing so far you're
just gettin you're just gettin dolt card
eyes are you I'm just getting dealt
cards so this is ax gives me more damage
so I'm gonna say yes I want that acts
when do you hit thanks that's what
that's what I'm wondering is when I hit
things rich Evans routers humbles thank
you for subscribing I was never really
appreciated you I'll make an exception
other thing is this game has combat okay
Markham are you like gambit can you
throw exploding tarrant cards no I think
like the cards are basically items even
used but I don't know let's see here
this card mr. Lionel mr. Lionel whilst
enjoying your evening meal at the local
tavern a strange old man takes the seat
next to yours he taps your shoulder
quiet quite painfully with his wooden
staff to get your attention and you
noticed that he appears to be a goblin
poorly disguised as a human his wizened
face grins at you with a hint of madness
my name is mr. i know if you give me
what I need boy I will conjure up for
your heart's desire with my Wizarding
wand of my own creation what he he
crackles uncontrollably for a few
moments then sits patiently waiting for
your answer I can give him bread ask him
what he needs or ignore him okay I'm
gonna give him bread he considers the
bread seriously before placing it
carefully in his coat pocket seemingly
is satisfied mr. Lionel taps his staff
on the ground and a shield materializes
at your feet there you go old bean he
smiles a worn grim a warm grin that
reveals his chipped and yellow two teeth
your face reminds me of my son I haven't
met you before
I I cannot expect that might be a giant
because i right maybe i'm sam by i need
to see more of this game i'm just lost
at this point i'm not a funny voice that
was my cobbler perilous I got goblin and
he's back I'm TG Phoenix is asking me to
ask you if their spikes in the scam no
way we've we've gotten the running joke
out of the way and we could carry on
somewhat someone in the chat is very
upset that I I said that yeah but
there's tarrant cards when he throws
playing cards obviously I know this but
this Terran card game first of all right
and also yeah anything really yes
typically playing cards but he can
charge the putt typically whatever
gambit yeah yeah it kind of fetish
didn't he The Wolverine bobbya gambit
was the coolest motherfucker in all of
x-men history gambit was the boba fett
of the x-men universe everyone loved him
and he was great and then he appeared in
that Wolverine or can't see how a movie
would kill his comment career that's
that seems weird I'm sure he's still
around in the comics I haven't no I have
no idea as I have not read an x-men
comic in a long time okay wait shields
use y tu precio okay great you can now
reflect your opponent's rain finally the
tarot cards not tear it cards make good
wife why the fuck when you put it to in
their hearts
it's a science yes yes TG Phoenix
hammered a lotta to throw an exploding
spike he can throw an exploding spike he
can throw exploding anything that's what
he did for God it's what it is well you
know like I think it takes I think the
larger the mass of an object the longer
it takes to fill it was at the deal
netic energy that was the deal and so
that's why playing cards were so great
because they were so thin that it was
easy to quickly charge and throw them
okay i am not an expert on gambit but
that is what I believe ok I have
discovered the exit to this area I just
want you to punch something their
journeys well begun okay i think i'm
doing it in full wait you show some no i
have more cards now perhaps this will
not be his ball right apparently i show
aptitude for it it technically throw
people and have them explode then I yes
I think he actually did that once
somebody that would first of all that
would be awesome but I just think it
would take a long time to I wasn't maybe
maybe it's one of those things where
it's not organics maybe he just made the
guys like outfit explode and him along
with it oh I wonder if I wonder if he
can make organic objects explode in a
shady grove off the beaten trail you
find a traveling merchant looking to
trade with wandering adventurers pass
approach the shop greetings why is
traveler I have much to offer you Oh see
I haven't played the game yet I have a
medician i'm walking collecting old ok
you now have your own lot of shop
without thing to get a lot of shot the
Gator there's a shop the back and forth
between resources and rewards rich love
ok I have gold oh I have zero called
though one person saying I'm too loud
compared to you ah that's possible I
suppose I did a sound test earlier and
it seemed fine i did momentarily move
will go for my microphone
okay I don't have anything yet to sell I
you sure you want to leave the shop yes
okay just be patient I'm being patient
I'm being patient from the from the
small amount of gameplay footage that I
saw without reason ah this seemed
exciting this seemed exciting and deep
and so I'm excited to get playing I'm
giving it a fair shot while crossing the
ancient rope bridges of Deadman's gorge
you hear sounds of movement from below
it's an ambush draw one monster card the
two of quest oh god I my time if I'm now
desperately waiting for you to fight
something it's gonna happen yeah maybe
oh wait what's happening whoa hoodon
took 12 years to make you can now
counter your opponents oh my god I'm
going to see the flashing indicator
attack stun counter drop
why don't we watch it as you want
exciting amazing oscars that typically
talking about just the batter's what the
Academy thanks I guess a lot of people
were tweeting at us when I when I said
we were we were streaming today and like
you aren't watching the Oscar Oscars and
it was just like a whole bunch of dopes
man do I not give a fuck about the
Oscars who we get one equipment card
most fun too much wiley exciting combat
age you know it's it's it's services i
think that was the tower real would you
like to equip the sword and my axe does
more damage so i'm going to say no i do
know what took up the sword oh I gained
five food whatever that means and 15
gold that's great that's great you have
reached my the jack of dust a good man
driven to madness by a wall that took
all from him wife and child kick a rich
do you have a sag card now that they
refuse Britta lion I forged my tools now
we see your metal this token will unlock
more cards if you can defeat this
encounter
oh okay all right I think this is it
this is like the first real fight that
was a tutorial fight dodrill stun attack
counter okay okay I can do this the four
of deaths I'm fighting ironically Jack
of those oh my god wrap that is weird
right I like it so I mean Jack's like
common name the odds I'm an immune
fighting a character called Jack are
just like get out of I'll but just like
I just one in three that's amazing right
oh that's me I forgot which one was me
for a second so they they've even got a
new power about it yeah maybe even have
the spidey sense
oh okay oppa not doing great
that's right nded uh in continuing what
you've said yeah I am being a dick right
bow I'm being Yankees make it right now
down oh I also see me right right bow
this one I'll stop right bow one
champion has been sent starting yet
bottle only at the start about route 11
typos are the easiest thing to make fun
of so we like doing it she fought for
turtle not reach the love the older
wasn't me do you have 10 you Doria dorje
hooker I will do the odor Jay hookers
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it and thank you for letting
me get your name wrong tongue no I like
it I like the odor Jayhawker better
figuring it out what the fuck her orphan
ma'el radical or more I guess there's no
I in there so I guess a small red call
thank you yeah I'm all right Oracle
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it shall we do you again okay
oh here we go so here's where it gets to
deck nothing so it just added a bunch
car I'm say six we can begin in earnest
now I understand I don't feel like I do
understand the nice things but I'll day
I eat donuts what do you mean you don't
make fun of my stuttering inward flops
everybody makes one of my front of my
stuttering and word gloves clubs clubs
whatever happens all the time ah ok jack
of skies megami meet the jack of skulls
ok would you like to use recommended
equipment and encounter deck yes your
decks have been updated great I don't
know what to do here we go
leftover beef cake says this game
appears to be tedium punctuated by
little sporadic moments of action so far
yes I don't want to judge it okay to
quickly yet for the record I was all set
streamed the second half of Orcs Must I
it's all set for that yeah yeah yeahs
got preempted preempted by hands of fate
you know I thought hey I'm nice to play
a new game we play on the same game a
lot I'm just teasing Jack this is fine
we're giving this shot you know what i
am i'm giving this giving it a shop and
i gotta say watching it now obviously
it's early in the game yep i don't i
don't see any good reason why i wouldn't
rather just play the combat challenges
in the Arkham games yeah that's what
it's seeming like so far but I'm
guessing that there is some sort of
what am I supposed to do here your deck
I removing things I'm removing things
from my deck oh I get it okay I
understand what's happening now okay
great
and you're gonna you gotta start playing
orcs must die jack just just so I can
have somebody to play co-op with in the
second game okay no it sounded like that
gap axis axis it looked like fun i will
add my own cards anyone's just showing
me the dow boring life would be got a
little spies how boring life would be
without a little spice what fun would be
like without the internet
okay here we go we're getting into the
game easier when you're complying full
on gates happening wait for life and
death well no he's still dealing oh damn
it he forget we're picking cards again
the music got really exciting I always
thought it was best to avoid the
problems of bounds I see the music out
really sounded like we were like it was
like a cutscene before I'd go into
battle but ok ok ok you hear a shout
from up ahead and the sounds of battle
racing forward you discover a warrior
surrounded by undead broken bones
littered the area around the man but
there are still more closing in on him
he appears to be badly injured a
stranger he calls out as he throws his
weapon to you here take my mace and put
an end to these monstrosities ok it's a
long we gonna get amazing steak not
terribly subtle it's I like that it's a
lump of iron on a stick now Terry cetera
ah great yeah i'll equip that that
sounds great ok here we go I think I get
to fight undead things now it's
happening ok it's happening ok it's
happening ok maybe oh yes okay I do get
the fight only just seeing the mace yeah
I can't comment on how your fight is
going
need to remember much like Batman that I
need to slow down my attack buttons yes
I i can't speak for this game yeah back
Matt Batman it's all ticket take your
time get the rhythm I'm not doing great
I don't against my first real fight I
don't see the the spider sense on these
guys I did I also did not see the spider
sense on these guys but you know what
what they did do they were they raised
their swords almost as if they're
removing even the visual cues so I need
to is there a culture button is the
question there is there will not a
counter button there's like a there's a
there's a counter button a stun button a
hit button and a role button' and so i
have to time the counter button
correctly when they like as they are
striking i can't just press at any time
okay so token is yours well fuck the
token is mine great we did it char's we
did it thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it twisted canyon you
see a weapon glinting in the Sun white
lying next to a skeleton at the bottom
of the canyon do we client now you know
what I'm good we can't counter unless
you have a shield is what the chapstick
and I I do have a she might think the
world of the cards is grim yes even in
the darkness there is light who we get
the maiden one-day initiative off your
counter an elf maiden she stops too
greedy high apparent that the first hook
many people have helped the mortal
realms I'm going to ask for supplies
I get to food cards I think I need food
cards I don't know why ok here we go
down once more stairs seeking the heart
of the door rich what do you think of
the telltale games I haven't played many
of them they look more like a quick time
event fest than I do like adventure
games further in fact yeah I do not know
if you have what it takes to do better
than they did so I saw a little bit of
The Walking Dead game and some of it
looked intriguing like the the you make
decisions but I I worry that your
decisions don't affect things as much as
I would like and it's mostly the
QuickTime events that's that's where I
worry about what the walking dead game
that's that's exactly what it looks like
that's exactly what it looks like
approach the shop I guess yeah okay I'm
gonna shout now I had gold at one point
but I don't have gold anymore I don't
think
so I don't exactly know what's happening
heal wounds I could heal wounds sell
items do I have any items to sell no I
only have a mace buy items healing cap I
don't have any gold don't have any gold
we're done all my gold go I don't get
this game yet rich between talking hbu
and reading the chant I don't get it I
get it lest I get it far less that's ok
I see things going on in my peripheral
vision at times great oh I think I get
to fight again so that's good I feel
like I need to get better at fighting
who the four of dust monster card what
does that mean I don't know does that I
die right for animals ask if you can
sell things all these things you can but
you can only sell stuff that you have
equipped ok ok
yeah oh my god rich there's no snow
sense they take away the spidey sense oh
and I don't have a shield of it that's
why I can that might be why he's
fighting sense but I had a heavy in on
this tutorial you had a shield maybe
athletes too real you didn't have to
choose any more that could be the you
should use your line right jack ryan
braun easy mac crocodile brand lion we
know the both the same thing the lime
green is like crocodile brain use your
lion lose your lion drain because right
we've arbitrarily decided that that's
the better of the two i did it i use my
lion brain and i won I know what I did I
rolled while searching the area for
anything worth salvaging you realize
that one of your opponent's is only
pretending to be dead should I sneak up
and kill them or flee dang i think i'll
probably sneak up and kill them or your
vile fucker fuck those guys who i have a
three out of four chance
oh I did it I did it oh I get I get one
equipment car great men we saw our souls
salts of myth and legend for you know
the mace nice try telecon but I'm not
helping you with your bingo nice
choose your next card cave oh no the
maze of trap in the hope of treasure
tool I could ask for and while fuck yeah
let's enter the cave let's enter the
cave let's see what happens run away
nope I'm entering the cave okay here we
go oh oh it's more game it's more
gameplay
now we okay here we gonna be rich now
helping with gringo is on my jingle yes
hey rich any possibility of a dishonored
stream now here's my position on
dishonored I have I did play it a little
bit back on my puter with school crap
and the game ran like shit dishonored
seems like more of a Heath game than the
last deef game that came out so I think
this is something I'm going to want to
just take my time with and enjoy without
without without the distraction of the
green going on and trying to be
entertaining I just nothing I just want
to be quiet and play there getting my
own at some point yeah oh no this is a
setting they give you pots him again you
can't smash them oh so that's why do you
need to spare parts Jack if there are
pots in a game oh yeah that's that's
always been one of the dumbest ropes
smashed patil well I just needless
destruction of these these these pots
just seems silly yeah sure oh by the way
by the way this game is one hundred
percent confirmed for spikes there are
spikes in this game so Phoenix we
figured it's always been weird to me
when link just runs into somebody's
house just starts destroying their
furniture and stealing their money no I
don't like that you don't like that but
I do it because I need the money so you
know all the game just go like not do
that with a face I'm happy grateful that
makes me glad okay okay well I did it I
got through the maze of traps I got some
good treasure I have some gold some food
and some health after opening the chest
the traps laid dormant and you make your
way back to safety oh I get it now by
the way I just figured something out
rich I figured something out all by
myself I can go back a car you can go
backwards in the game and so if I want
to go back to cards I can go back to the
shop but I think then I think I have to
play that ambushed again I don't know I
just I just OTG Phoenix it's very happy
about this place well as he I mean
listen that's Phoenix's goal in life is
to figure out whether or not a game has
spikes and I think we're helping we're
helping catalog the the spike Excel
spreadsheet I'm gonna try moving
backwards and see what happens by the
way I lost a food but I think I lose a
food no matter what yes this is how you
do it you can apparently every time you
move your so there's your little piece
on the cards right every time you move
your piece you lose a food so costs one
food to move your piece but now I can go
back to the shop and maybe buy something
okay
I really isn't it exciting figuring
stuff I were paying more attention to
the game I'm this might might make more
sense to me yes I'm kind of no part of
you i'm reading things in the chat so
assistant yeah oh no no that's fine the
time well for anyone who is paying
attention to the gameplay you can move
backwards in the deck of cards which is
something very exciting ok so now if I
want to I can buy items and i think i do
want to buy items because i saw a
healing cap which means that any healing
that the player receives is doubled and
that sounds awesome so what's the
endgame here what's the goal that's a
good core increasingly effect of one
sort of magic with another all you need
is a channel for power and it's simple
enough ok great ok we did it sometime
saying by a shield oh I should buy a
shield that's a good and that's a good
idea can I beautiful do they have a
shield they don't have it they do not
have a shield so I cannot buy a shield I
can buy a food for four dollars or 10
food for third I can buy one food and
I'm going to do that
by another food great okay great make
sure you want to live yes all right it's
just exciting to me what I understand
something in general so now I have a
good healing item which means any time I
he'll like eels double I'm starting to
one is Lionel leaving this card in what
quick way to get your hands on a shield
mr. Lionel is there the the the Goblin
Oh give him bread on your plate yes oh I
think he gave me he gave me a shield
last time well you need that shield yeah
hey wait I got was important as a strong
right arm if you give mr. Lionel food he
gives you a shield and he must give you
a weapon if you give him a if you give
him gold
head down this is she like permanent or
is it like a one time use as a card or
how does that work I will find out I'm
about to leave this area so I'm about to
embark on the next leg of my major but I
believe I keep the shielding that sounds
good bind and killed a jack of skull yes
we can progress okay now all I need to
do is find and kill but yes they can all
say concerns foo let's see what this
will also heal as you preside notice
that okay okay here we go the traveling
mage in a shady grove off the beaten
trail you find a traveling merchant
looking to target with wandering
adventurers what the fuck indeed every
time I want to text for yet jack then
what the fuck oh hey I didn't hear that
yeah rich Evans is my waifu haha thank
you for subscribing rich Evans is Maya
waifu what is what does weaver whose a
white faux anyway um I have no I think
we've been through this that we have no
idea I believe it's okay so there's
something immature people call a wife
yes i believe it's something people who
have no casino okay my wife no I'm not
deaf you see I'm i don't have the g
stream audio on because i am i'm talking
with Jack over the skype so i don't i
don't hear those kind of stream related
noises on here any i don't even hear any
of the game audio this is all this all
mute to me I can smell the sword it's an
anime wife the fuck is an anime wife
okay
that's a good question you can't marry a
cartoon character what is it what is an
anime wife and how is that different
than a regular wife hi traveling mage
doesn't do much there's some shit to buy
a button we're not going to worry about
that oh I'm running low on food I only
have five of food left reveal I like
this Devils Joyce he lies as often as he
tells the truth there's a token in it
for you if you win Oh a cloaked devil
appears in your path I'm here to test
your strength so-called hero choose your
foe doing on three of dust three of dust
or two of dusts was a stretch three of
dust three of those screws dust I need
to chew I need to choose my phone um
take a 30 no challenge yourself okay
sure middle or am this is the same to me
okay
nice voice is Jack I do I know you guys
like the voices or you just say you like
the voices either way I'm doing them
okay here we go here we go oh I have a
shield now so we'll see if we'll see the
spider sense yes we seize your spider
sense oh and it's so helpful
we're already Star Trek novel no not
really i never get into the novels yeah
i guess i guess they don't have a good
reason why not I just haven't excellent
the devil cries you have passed my
cunning test have some treasure perhaps
the next time I bats gross I will kill
you myself the dealer draws three game
cards ah that was great i think i'm
going out combat by the way just get a
shield approaches drink use the camera
oh I get a new weapon during combat
press a right to bumper to throw knives
and eighth cardinal directions attracts
provide powerful special abilities to
using comm chatter saying you sound like
Daddy them I don't know if that's a bad
thing that was it well you know i was
just i saw devil and i knew i needed an
evil voice and you know usually the
devil has like that dark and foreboding
boys you know i will get you gadgets
like I cannot do that that kind of thing
I don't think so you cannot do that I
can do all sorts it doesn't work all
good ah yeah you gotta go you gotta you
know you really have to fuck yes it's
unpleasant hey no God yeah too much
phlegm this sorry I can't believe I
canis it's beyond my range which is very
narrow as it is you know what I can't
how about though Demi go punch Jack of
work
Lloyd beats thank you for subscribing
these past six months have been murdered
sorry oh that actually hurt that rich
you are a terrible way fool oh thank god
whatever that well bandit is that you're
the only person in history has ever been
excited by bandit attack well you know
it's exciting anytime you get a game in
the game a group of bandits suddenly
attacks you the king of dust isn't happy
about you killing his men the other
bandits refinery by the way the dealer
draws one monster card see if you're
clever the band it would be voiced by
some kind of musician not Sean Connery
oh like Kurt Cobain or or or John Lennon
he doesn't down fighting over yeah John
Lennon though they're like oh hello the
king of dust isn't happy about insulin
be one little pathetic oi
not that i can do Paul McCartney either
but what's wrong I don't remember the
text is not on this book or I try to do
it as Paul McCartney the king of dust
isn't happy about you killing all Xena
posters in episode you killing all of us
blender to a second I can't do it I
can't do anything basically I can't do
impressions and I can't do it since I
can't think I can't read Michael see my
only by hella is being useless it's Ted
your talent you are full of charm and go
to heaven wasn't going to cook your oh
that's a good beetle mmm Ringo isn't
even the best drummer in the beat that's
the only thing I know about the Beatles
is Ringo they you know they were doing a
press conference is Ringo the best
drummer in the world mmm Ringo isn't
even the best drummer that's funny
that's funny I just know that Paul
McCartney's very talented okay among the
bodies you find a scrap of parchment
with a rough description of you plus an
offer of a reward from the king of dust
the dealer draws one game card whoo
I get to inspect the next card wait oh
so I know what's coming up okay I get
you okay are you kind of digging this
that's what would know yes that's great
then who would play at this game I
really like I really like deck building
games did you ever play down here no i
did not us that's the only that's the
only kind of that's my biggest kind of
deck built yeah I'm late Monday with you
right but I've never played the the
penny arcade game the penny arcade game
was pretty funny um any sort of any sort
of did you play on the marvel game with
us that might have been Jay Marvel has a
good I'm assuming you're not talking
about that game somebody sent us no not
that one which by the way someone sent
us a board game yes homemade board game
and I still haven't figured out how to
play it win this and claim my token okay
you see an ancient ornate coffin in the
main burial chamber it may hold
spectacular wealth but it will surely be
guarded draw two monster cards oh Jesus
Christ we got a two of dust and the two
of skulls skulls sounds let's see what
you've had a lot of dust I haven't seen
many skulls I think that that means it's
more or it could be just different type
like skull make you get you got like
skeleton sailing off with skulls the
night that would be my guess I did not
sneak up on them does that mean I have
to fight them that's kind of what I
wanted to do anyway rich play evolves
how about I don't play evolved and say I
did
yeah yeah I played involved yeah it was
great okay yeah
those games are I watched the trailer
and not one thing about that game looked
interesting to me or like something I
would like or care of light not really
the size of digging at vassar oh I will
bear that in mind i'm doing a fuck out
of this good so it's like a
deck-building Game where and so
basically by the way next time you come
over for game night we're gonna play
back building game because they're
awesome it's like a deck-building Game
but then those things turn into real
things that you're Batman can wear for
your fights this is great let's see here
we have three game cards I have never
played yugioh or magic I've never much
cared for the idea of a deck-building
Game where you get to buy better stuff
for your deck it seems a lot like the
current model of free-to-play where you
get to pay to play better you know or
it's like if someone could just buy more
magic cards and get a better deck
they're gonna have a better chance of
winning i like the deck building games
where we everyone starts with the same
base leavin Tori and engage like the one
for all you know grants go bonus for
really getting together than a level you
know I still rise to a quick she
explores helmet I am sure that's the
right approach so those type of games
while i'm sure i would enjoy i don't
care for the the way in which you build
take the token it is you i want to the
only i think the only card game I've
ever played has been munchkin with you
oh the other other than poker but I'm
not sure that counts oh that sounds good
magic the gathering has a steam game
which features no play to get cards or
pay to get cards that sounds good now
we'll play a deck-building Game it's
really fun it's good times the undead of
all the plays whoo here we go Jack of
skull these are the most dangerous in
the world yet in no natural form a
wrongness an error cheating Dominion its
deck building and at the end of the game
all the cards go back to the box no
buying required yeah that sounds great
challenge for the games that I really de
token if you succeed ok ok we have a
fight this is a fight big lie my god
obviously this is only level sure you
know what it's like okay here we good I
know you don't care about these things
but what exactly is the story behind
this I believe shots with Larson who is
dealing out who are avoided a you agile
is like is like the gamekeeper in okay
that's day so I believe you are playing
for what I have to plan for your life I
believe it's applying for your life oh I
get
oh my god some of the skeletons have
guns just just putting out there is
someone I don't have guns no that's work
at all and that got attendance let's go
off and then this terrible just terrible
should never be sad again every setting
on its I mean that was being married i
think i would say once more
boom fucking bull skull got skull gun
great
ah well done well done indeed I did now
that home improvement is responsible for
gamma house first acting role as I even
I young enough see what coming have
watched Oh is she like Oh host us kind
of on the show within a show she tools
you know she was five she was she was
like one of ya ladies on tool time that
is nana western is it not okay stuff is
being added to the deck now Oh to
Mason's great okay
scavengers can creep rich you should
play that gladiator game again it was
fun swimming them swimming shadow of
rome's but i'm just gonna retire on the
shadow of Rome is pretty great
egg-xcellent it's the stealth sections
it's pretty great
Elmo's reflection consuming shame
angel's wings frostfang deal again so
then all the stuff that I just unlocked
gets added to the deck and some of it I
can use it you know like then it gets
dealt and someone I get to use as
equipment and some of it is like another
round base and out gay in den locate
begins mm-hmm okay now I get to play the
queen of dust so for people watching
listen liking the game what what is this
called again because my stream sis
belong key wednesday stream i need to
refresh okay so it is updated properly
it is updated this is hand of fate this
is uh i wanta this was an early access
game it is not an early access any more
fully released hand of fate how much
she's calm it's okay whoa neat box
normally 25 down to 20 bucks for like
the next couple of days as its release
weekend sale and basically all the
combat is Batman Arkham Asylum is the
best way I mean it's plays exactly like
that but it has this deck building
element and that the building is how you
reveal she did not collapse we are uh
items weapons she took up arms organized
her everything like the game board this
country where death guilty like these
are committed to be the one delete
ok so now so here's here's where we get
to some of the hero gets some of a nerd
stuff so in my deck down here is all the
stuff that could come up during the
round and all the stuff up here is stuff
that we can add to my deck that possibly
could come up so obviously we won't make
sure that shields aren't their armor
like I don't care about the Explorers
helmets on removing that healing cap we
want demo please was great what is this
mercenaries contract once per combat
press right bumper to activate an aura
that makes every successful striped rock
drop goal do that's good we want them so
now my deck can have 14 cards in it and
I want to make sure that I've stick all
of the things that no if you want to
increase your chances of drawing a
shield i'm assuming chef more shields in
there but then you'd be wasting slots
because you can only be one anyway right
is that about how that works ok right
right but if you see here like this
field this is a fortitude breath this
card and us is constant sorrow so like
this is like a special skype I don't
know what it does
but yeah if I want to add in another
shield and another good weapon here like
like this frost Fang sounds like an
awesome weapon she do I even want a
normal sword no I don't want a normal
sword explores helm helm of reflection
like and then a lot of this stuff is and
so like this card here is a card I've
never gotten before and so I don't even
know what it does ok so I get it you
know which is very exciting so I'll get
that I'll get the helm ok great have
some weapons have some shield oh I you
know when I don't want this armor like
here I have two medium armors it's like
I don't think I need to medium armor oh
well so I could get rid of the armors
and add another shield just to really
make sure that I get a shield that is
that as your horn another weapon right
or or a mace or another you know what
I'll try and act so I'll get next ok
great
and then you can also set up your
encounter deck you know all the stuff
that you can do in there oh god it's
great so it's like the maze of traps was
easy I want that in there oh my god this
is nerd heaven it's all the best parts
of video games and carnage because in a
deck-building Game this is the Shanna g
right every card has its own unique cost
and benefit has its own unique risk and
reward and so then figuring out what
each card does is like what the
roguelike elements add to it
but like I can get rid of is it weird to
have a single player deck-building Game
income maybe
maybe I don't know maybe it's just never
existed before because i don't know
maybe some deck building games are
single player I don't know that meant

[Part II]
but like I can get rid of is it weird to
have a single player deck-building Game
income maybe
maybe I don't know maybe it's just never
existed before because i don't know
maybe some deck building games are
single player I don't know that meant I
really don't either swim talking to you
about masking you yeah you're the one
who owns munchkin as I've ever gotten to
playing a car dick dick building it uh I
own I own three versions of much good
it's one of fun to play with you a
couple times so it's a great game and
you know it's that munchkin is a great
game for people who aren't necessarily
board game people and Lisa and I love
board games so much that like I probably
want to get rid of mr. Lionel because I
have my shield now or does it start over
I don't know I don't know I don't know
either also chad regarding dr.
mayonnaise next next best of the worst
next best of the worst yes
don't build it up too much just just a
reference to something that will
probably come up in the next best of the
worst yes treasure chests we want that
in there and helpful priest we want that
in it okay okay okay great great oh
great great great I can't allow that no
please yeah chad is saying it starts
over with no shield it starts over with
no shit okay good i left mr. Logan
so I can only assume like i'll probably
get a weapon
I've added some cars is to spice up the
game in addition to the pain and next
best of the worst probably won't allow
bless you out for a couple days because
we just put out three Russian steppes
Italy and and tell agon i'm still not
falling for your bingo trap still not
falling for it that question was
answered in the last street maybe it's
the stream before that either way we
talked about that before thank you ok ok
I guess oh so now that now this is a new
level basically right so I just start
off with a rusty axe and light armor ok
that's all I said look 10 food you look
terrible do I look like kind of a sickly
biker maybe that's what I was maybe
that's why I died I died of dysentery
riding my bike read my hog his urn you
don't know all right let's see we get
here Oh maze of traps that's a great
card to get right away because I don't
fight any monsters hopefully it's the
same maze still not following for it
just made my bingo list ok you guys
planning on doing a commentary track for
space kappa most likely i mean it's an
excellent i can only edit of the movie
first that's not rough
but saba one of the end we we talked
about like and I believe Jay said that
like they're doing like a blu-ray nice
blu-ray I can only imagine it will be
chock-full of special features choc
combat my paper hope this little section
man seems kind of blah the section with
spikes would it mean the exact same
layout as less clothes yeah okay okay
and so like my reward won't be that
great because I know it and so I can
only imagine like i'll get another yeah
the ring to a different type that is my
memory section yeah i can only i can
only hope let's see what I got I get
free game cards some gold ooooh an
equipment card peasants weapon alright
and I have two questions uh how long a
spacecraft taken and how long till space
cop to to give out I can answer I can
answer both at once space cop 2 will be
out before space cop 1
that's yes it is it is taking too long
like that I think I think the mistake at
least not you know least as far as time
goes taking someone was something that
requires a lot of set building going on
you know you know yeah who I encountered
the maiden I'm gonna ask for supplies
I'm sure you a great fulfill I some food
and nice and some more food great great
it's good card to get
back by this card deepa to wall jolliffe
oh no I don't want to leave yet I don't
want to leave yet turn back I want to
explore more it's oh come here we go now
snubs gonna answer question but you have
something to say about the game and this
is a gaming stream so what's going on ok
so I'm at twisted Canyon and twisted
Canyon is uh I have a three out of four
chance to get a new weapon okay I'm
gonna go okay I'm gonna go get a for
spring it hi already I got a better
weapon already know I failed Damon I
don't want to fail who won one health
pound card oh dear I lose 10 I'll help a
lot that's oh but I still get that
weapon card by the way oh it's just a
dumb sword I don't want the sword
because I have an axe already alright
yeah that wasn't worth it ok the time so
I'm saying is this space cop technically
every maker isn't isn't space cop and
technically a remake and not really you
know we only did like a handful of
scenes for the original original space
cop is more like a a second chance I
take to a birthday I've done I'm trying
to think of like a better example would
be like something like bottle rocket Wes
I understands first movie right the
movie that we know with with the the
Wilson brothers and James Caan is a
bigger version of the short film that
they made also call bottle rocket the
same with something like Napoleon
Dynamite they made a short film and then
that got popular enough to say I'm
assuming the short was at least
decisions they'll face the original
original space was never as a trail
right there was never finishes we have
far to go as yet the handful of scenes
and everything started falling apart
absolutely I this I fell out of your
hand we play for a choker mu helpful
priest you meet a wandering priest who
greets you in a friendly manner for a
small for a small share of your
provisions I will bless you in the name
of the old guy like man was rich you
like I be like my old man voice oh good
I'm happy that you approve he looks like
a kindly old man there's a bird next to
his cup uh we have to give him half of
our food we have 11 find and he wants
half but he will bless us in the name of
the old gods and well you know this your
chance to find out alright let's do it
okay oh by the way either it'll be
successful or oh nice no failure here
it's successful oh that does sound like
old bein you're right yes I've old baby
you gotta put your hand over your mouth
and you do that oh yeah no it's not old
vain it's pretty nice that works okay he
says a few words in the language of the
Old Religion and gently touches your
forehead it is done draw one blessing
card blessings will remain always active
okay never removed unless okay of course
then your back will you because I things
will remain always active
headsman headman's blessing any kill
made using an axe grants the player 3
health and right now I have an axe
equipped that's awesome that's a great
card to have and I get a little token
nice turkey for that's great all right
that was definitely worth half my food
mr. Lionel yes oh no he's gonna ask for
food too oh no I'm gonna run out of food
whilst enjoy so here's mr. Lionel oh
damn it
ok
I only have four food left but if I give
him food i get a shield uh what do you
need the food for the food is like a
turn and I don't know what happens when
I run out of food well my done only
round of him this is an opportunity to
learn things I guess okay I'm gonna give
him though good off of my plate I guess
oh now I'm down to three okay and repose
I get a shield which I can test this you
need a shield I feel like you need a
shield earnest okay your provisions are
running low can you press on honey the
check keep saying ask him ask him ask
him what he needs to ask him Oh a smoke
well I think we figured it out if we
give him food we get a shield and I can
only assume if I give him gold will get
a weapon but knit next you know what
next time he comes up i will ask him
direct you're right okay the traveling
healer in a shady grove off the beaten
trail you find a traveling merchant
looking to trade with wandering
adventurers i I'll go here but i don't
think i need to know guys I met fill out
but okay so we'll see if he has food he
has much to offer you're right it's a
third option i will ask him I like that
Jack you can't eat your shit oh here we
go look yes I think that's funny okay i
can buy food from him so i'm going to
buy for you girls guy which is great
and i'm going to buy I'm gonna get a bit
like I would like to know what happens I
ran out of food I would like to know I
agree okay I'm not gonna find okay
because I think I think bad things
happen don't buy food here there might
be a mcdonald's at the next exit you
you're right Jax text all right here we
go what happens here what happens here
it's better than trudging hitch a ride
suddenly you have found a friendly
traveler willing to let you ride on his
wagon it's your ID great you're now it's
time to embark on the next level on
Ferdinand I had imagined perhaps you
will play beyond this mark and we will
see your true mettle all right yeah here
we go what the fuck indeed complain gun
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it two months in a row I
think I was weighing jukbang Oh goblins
being stout and meek goblins no they
cannot use strength or fear to survive
they rely on more mischievious methods
they steal from you when you're sleeping
or when you sleep and escape through
magical Porter's portals scavengers of
the earth tell tales of hidden vaults
near goblins were hobbling guides there
yeah okay okay is that steak I don't
know what this means chad is asking
she's saying please please do boys
fridge what what voice what voice isn't
your you were looking for I don't know
what to do they talk about what like my
my look that's a good one
uh one night you awaken to find your
belongings being rifled through by
goblins as soon as they notice you
stirring they've run away with a piece
of your equipment they have also stolen
some of your food and gold shit oh I
gotta get these goblins rich i got it
i'm not calling for it stir it stupid is
he did yeah I've done that I've done
that like five stream I what am i what
am i what am I don't have a cow man my
bart my 1990 bart simpson come on come
on they have to grow and evolve
I'm gonna kick it shit out of his behind
the boat and ago oh my god I'm murdering
these goblins I almost feel bad that I'm
murdering he's got one so bad got one
son of a bitch
oh I murdered those goblins I almost
feel bad Oh with the Goblin threat dealt
with you continue on your way the car
token is now yours okay great i did well
that was very reminiscent of you not
have a shield of art I do have a seat I
didn't see it on your arm at the end of
that goblin fight did the Goblin take
your shield or something oh oh my god I
hope you didn't take my shield okay I
have a shield it's here rich dude the
weird voice every voice I do is weird
i'm uncapable of normal
a terrifying walk oh no rock fall so
many potential places for an assailant
do you didn't pick up your gold did I
have to pick it up I think I'm okay and
I think I got my shield back because I
defeated all the goblins I mean I like I
just checked my equipment I have my
shield back and I don't know how much
gold they took or whatever okay while
journeying near the coast you hear a
rumble overhead falling rocks force you
to take cover oh Jesus Christ this is
gonna be terrible for cards one is
success to our failures and one oh my
god earlier and success yes I randomly
chose correctly you dodged the rocks by
ducking into a small cave a few minutes
later you emerge in clymer around of the
new rock fall you hear voice somewhere
above you say did you hit him oh fuck
you I'm gonna run up and attack the
bandits bandits pushed rocks on a jerk
to leave that shit the fucking band is
mule kick their asses just gonna fucking
kick their asses I got a shield and an
axe you have a fork look at these I
don't I I do have a Ford but I can't
like my work because i have my axe head
for bed kids
like bling behind cut things I've always
been more than I can rip oh real really
it's like names like I love bass absorbs
yeah yes give me a like really fucking
Excalibur type story sure
get there fuck you you know awesome
you'll notice when I play up orcs must
die I always take the sword yeah yeah I
always pick up a sword Oh takes up a
trap spot some people don't think it's
the most efficient weapon still I always
take the Thord you don't like for some
reason like and even like in fighting
games i always choose the big slow
strong guy I love the biggest little
strong guy just give me a thing that
crushes people that's all I want sword
and balance sword and balance fighter
practice and that's timing that's that's
the flavor of each game tax okay um as
pleased as you know I got a shield but I
don't need it because I already have a
shield just an oh I got medium armor
what do you expect me to say great
congratulations jack can you do your
best rich and Evans impression from
damage the best armor of calls them so
much oh yeah the answer is no yeah I
remember like I can't even do a good
what the fuck so so I know I think I
spend too much time with rich to do a
rich impression where you're like you're
so we hang out so often that you you've
gone be okay okay that's fair thing to
say I don't think I can do a jack
impression either so again the stones
tumble appalling there you go again did
the stones tumble upon me damn it I
gotta dodge the rocks again
jews from the exemptions and failure all
right I draw one paint a car okay Oh
lose 500 lose five max health points
yuck Mac just when you think Oh max max
helpful so like yeah I don't just lose
five health points I lose now I can okay
that's not survive help just when you
think it's over you are knocked
unconscious by a large rock striking you
unac striking your unprotected head a
good warrior always wears a helmet and
now I get two extra pain cards Oh lose
five gold and lose one food god damn it
urban vermin says i'm watching T&G; right
now which which star trek series should
i watch next which is a fine that's a
fine question to do after next gen no
I'm not listen I hate yourself care for
deep space no I don't series one of the
original series you didn't think of the
original series did you I didn't think
your items I think I think if you're
used to in jingles you might be you
might enjoy a ds9's more than the
original series we win this battle and
send the Queen's your rightful end cuz I
I like those the original cast
characters but as a series it's it's a
step down from Sanjay BIG's big step
down you'll gain new cards some you wish
you the ds9 will will feel familiar to
you a Voyager you'll you'll just sure
you'll just yell at the screen every
time the writing staff to something
stupid every every every time they miss
a golden opportunity every time they
waste the plot line every time they
don't fully utilize a character they
have you're gonna start screaming at the
screen and frustration
yeah so I think the order air is T&G;
then you do deep space nine then you do
the original series and then then maybe
attacking the original series is
definitely cheesy I don't I don't even
think of a time they had a great budget
oh god no they were the laughingstock I
mean there's there's a lot of convenient
time travel and civilizations that are
just like Old Earth to save on the
budget because they have to pay at the
props
oh yes
rich have you ever seen the insanely
weird Canadian sci-fi series Lex here's
the thing with Lex I've never seen the
series but I've seen the pilot when it
was called up it was tails with parallel
universe and I did love the pilot so I
never seen the seriousness i can't i
can't speak on that
yeah the main characters are space slut
a guy who's basically a reanimated
corpse and a coward
where's the nice genteel Wesley Crusher
was the original jar jar binks
absolutely never yeah absolutely so
often those who beat plowshare to sword
die by the hungry miss you think's
firstly this is rich oh she fought very
good and bravely very very good oh I
expect from my training event players I
might I think I like farscape more than
any of the star trek series save for the
next generation the symbols of my power
the next generations of my favorite
sci-fi ever so that show ranks number
one turning back now image previous next
gen unless I might put one farscape
right under that it is begun I cry yeah
each of real icons over the cool shot
yes I love those characters taking them
for me me and moments alright that's
Harry you know what that's fair
I receive a healer's ring and charity
I be the queen of dust by the way
time heals great and goblins goblins p
gotta get her target I can't I can't get
over the fact that the movies so dumb
the movie is so dumb yet I'm not gonna
lie I love it it's so dumb it's so dumb
where I know that they were crying or at
least I hope they weren't trying to be
smokers know right Stargate is the
perfect guy if you say so oh it's it's
just gone it's one hundred percent gone
oh the Bandit Queen it's who i be it
apparently my god i got them getting ton
of shit oh my god yes huge hammer come
please i want a huge yeah i like thou'rt
again I know you like fourth
I like big pressing with them do you
have what it takes to defeat the rat
work this also has an endless where do I
put b5 and Firefly Firefly i gotta say i
have specifically avoided it because it
was canned like before the first season
was even really over and I don't want to
invest the time in it to fall in love
with it only to have it go away right
instantly and it's worth it it's worth
it it's beto that's a pleasant look yes
said by somebody who's never really been
in love I'm sure I'm sure that's saying
I came from somebody who had no idea
what they were talking about here's
here's the truth about fire funny cuz I
loved fire fire fire flies great the
truth about it is it's so worth watching
even though you will be incredibly
disappointed when a patient's out of
episodes and the movie is lackluster but
man is it here's the clinch axy I wish I
honestly wish I never played any of the
mass effect cash I wish I never played
any of the Mass Effect game jack I would
rather I would rather ever get to never
have loved at all no no because but see
that's the thing you got scorn like yeah
big time beautiful time turn to shit I'm
if you like a firefly waited long enough
never turns to shit anti-scratch Leo
that sounds much better would you guys
would you rather would you rather have
your to true love died in your arms
right before you get married or would
you rather have her try to murder you
someday this thing tragically
I no no that's the thing like that's the
thing go where it's like you're your
true love either dies in your arms or
your true love turns out to be a total
bitch you know you want her you want it
to die while you still what is happening
Jack of plague I'm called for every oh
the rats think they have summed up the
dark places it worth the realm manatee
and now squat amongst your cities and
reached and freak and hunt and drive ok
I can ahead I can now add stuff to my
deck I'm gonna get rid of my I'm gonna
add the huge hammer just cuz I want that
fucking huge hammer in there we're gonna
add in armor of cold that sounds awesome
fleet cuffs like it gloves apparently
healers ring we're going to add that in
fleet cuffs cuz why not
I need one more thing in my deck here
one more thing have two shields already
maybe the armor cold just because can't
be better than any other armor worse or
whatever okay great oh man I love
building decks a lot oh man all this
stuff all this like
all this stuff that I would love to to
thumb through in a real deck of cards do
you feel that way I don't know how you
feel that like like books versus any
readers you know like i love i love
thumbing through stuff like this i would
love to have all these cars you know
just like flip them down as I think
about I'm fun with the e-reader yeah
yeah I'm fucking with you and I'm not
like I'll score in a book but i I've
used an e-reader and I've really enjoyed
the convenience of having something tiny
instead of a giant stack of books but
still something about flipping pages is
very very primal rich what do you think
of Peter Capaldi and Doctor Who with the
fuck expiry Capaldi
who's Peter Capaldi's that's what I
think that's what I think you're asking
a non doctor foo fan a doctor who quest
Oh is is Peter Capaldi the new who
capito Capaldi might be no new Doctor
Who yeah he's great it's grape
his best I'm sure he's a great guy i won
no maiden is nice she gives me things
twisted cannon gives me a weapon so now
so in it in a good deck-building Game
what you need to start doing as you
build up your deck is you need to get
rid of weaker car uh-huh right and so
like that that up what is it called the
maze of traps
um
it's easy and it gives me an it gives me
a grip not fun so I kind of wanted mr.
Grecco man 526 thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it it's true we do
really appreciate it like mr. Lionel I
we know will give us like a shield right
but I have to give up food and I might
get a shield like last time I got a
shield somewhere else you know so it's
like do I want to give that up for
possibly a better well you know what
will hold on to mr. Lionel for now just
to try that third option all right rich
Mike or gotta load of H does like to
rubble oh oh she's lying defeating why
would you start repeating I know then
swing episode hold on answer back answer
that car you need more wine hey rich
Mike or Joel uh neither there's here's
here's my official stance on mystery
science theater 3000 I think it's a fine
show I think it's a great concept but
when i watch old bad movies i would much
rather make my own jokes with mike or
jay and my friends rather than listen to
somebody else make jokes about bad
movies so a mystery science theater 3000
was always kind of redundant to me
because this kind of thing I already did
with my friends and we enjoyed it didn't
didn't need somebody else to make the
joke for me and now awkward silence oh
my god you're just just in time it was a
mystery it was a mystery science theater
3000 question like wish which hosted i
fer my answer was neither not not that I
hate the show just I'd rather make my
own jokes about the bad movie
yeah that was always my problem with
mystery science theater is like I wanted
them to shut up I could watch the movie
I'm sure they're fine jokes like and you
know I that's fine but I never got into
it because of them okay here we go the
maze of traps but that's okay rich we
did have our yeah and that's good I'm
really not trying to shit on mystery
science theater I'm really not oh god no
no I never had a reason to watch it
right I'm with you
ooh this looks like it might be a new
mais nao thoughts on Dark Crystal and
labyrinth I don't remember labyrinth
that well dark crystals kind of like a
flawed masterpiece I love like a lot of
the designs and that i love the puppets
story not so much he's gotta shake it
saying by the way that's the story thats
dark crystal we got we got a shovel
thing that that Rizzo some here's some
game talk why is this this time even
though I started the new level I keep
put both my shield did you get maybe
this is an advanced level in it they
just start you off with a shield basic
at this point I don't know I don't know
also i'm doing the the maze the the maze
of traps and whatnot and it's different
oh I'm also failing out
Shh I lost a good amount of health and
that maze it's a new maze so we'll get
three game cards get some gold it's nice
wigan equipment which is wealth the
healers ring must be for a happy life
whenever the player and receives healing
they also gain +1 gold no benefit if
they were already fully healed oh that's
perfect venom actually and another
equipment car the helm of refurbishing
one nonetheless upon reflecting a
projectile this helm creates a small
force explosion okay great great like I
have a helmet out with great shit you'll
look less like a sickly piker uh oh god
now I look like an awesome spaceman oh
wait you know what I look like I look
like the juggernut yeah that's a great
helmet oh maybe I'll need to see like I
look up okay you need armor with that
that looks really weird without armor it
looks kind of kind of retarded oh wait I
get upgrades what's in here is all you
have gained
no no I ok I don't know what that means
but ok that's fine great we're moving on
priests go the help side press yay I
have no truck with any of it we liked
him we have to give them half our food
though which is ok I'm going to be okay
with this half our food sure
because we do want to find out what
happens it's okay i get one blessing
card yes the heads been blessing iin
which means i heal if i kill someone I
assume regret rang out of food I i mean
i can only it might end the game oh my
god you know that Jack yeah classic
Battlestar Galactica or Buck Rogers
really Rogers Oh God cluster fuck right
well I guess it's the only Buck Rogers
really stupid show I mean just a really
stupid show huh but it Buck Rogers from
you know 400 years in the past is
somehow competent with space equipment
is his good old American know-how saves
day it shows retarded just retarded us
just just ridiculous enough to be
redeeming whereas classic Battlestar
didn't they just wasn't there with the
budget or with the technology that was
available the melodrama gradual isn't
there I know remade remade Battlestar is
it beautiful to have us one of those
ones where I heard the ending was weird
and I never bothered to get into it yeah
rich it was we're gonna have a
long-running story the ending is
important to me yeah it's important it's
a destination mode if they if they they
flop on the the one the one yard line I
don't want to see it they fuck it's like
you come over the last yard I don't want
to see it no they don't fumble at the
last year it's weird it's a little bit
of religion kind of religious nonsense
enriched with robot fuck that fucking Oh
watch battlestar site rip the readings
are great
you don't watch battlestar you don't
watch firefly what the fuck Jesus jeebus
sweet Jesus Christ pawing at oh I'm
gonna ask for some but for bags and Buck
Rogers the only redeeming feature the
buck rogers was Mel Blanc maybe TV TV TV
that was it I will but grassing
Battlestar over Buck Rogers any day you
you could affect the fact that you have
not watched the new battlestar is
starting to Bob not yo I'm never going
because I know the ending point because
I know these wet down the trap you shut
the fuck up it's a great the new the
remains are stop shoving religious
nonsense into sci-fi stop pretending
you're ending has to be some kind of
confusing RT nonsense fuck off fuck off
the bad I just I just I just I've never
I've just never I've just I just don't
know what I don't know what you're doing
you'll have first Ravens relate with a
proper conclusion with that ties in with
things that happened before yeah yeah oh
no do the farting puppets figure out
what their life goal is that's great oh
that's great rich i hope i hope they
farted into their oblivion or whatever
oh hey mr. lionel we get to find out i'm
gonna ask him what he needs nded sins
jack about the punch rich it's okay i'm
about to punch Jack to for the exam Rick
rich and I disagree in some things and
that's gonna be fun ok we asked him what
he needs the Goblin immediately begins
to wander around your person prodding
and poking at your weapons and apparel
before making a sudden grab at something
he then sits considering you for a while
before slapping the table with his hands
haha I know what you need mr. Lionel
reaches behind your ear and pulls out a
money bag heavy with coins
magic is believing in yourself if you
can do that you can make anything happen
the dealer draws you for gold game cards
oh I'm sure you agree oh okay great
Jesus Christ so if you give him food and
he'll give you a shield if you give him
gold I think he'll give you a weapon and
if you ask what he needs he gives you
gold without him to give him anything
that's great want Longshanks you only
think the ending to TNG was close to
ideal because they fucking ruined it
with nemesis oh yeah that's it is the
sense of course of action I'm sure that
that ending with your card finally
playing a game of poker with crew that's
that was perfect yeah that was
absolutely ruined it perfect but no
there's days gob louis-based clone got
mad no its face clothes away to his own
water illusion I was that was perfect
way to summarize TNG I was the perfect
coda to the philosophy of peace and
exploration clones could blow up for
snow day is gonna die with the radiation
ship a monster shit the monster ship
that eats other ships yep yep you got it
no no there's a way to like revisit the
entire series without being each of
these cards is crafted from your
memories and built from your experience
I created them but only in the abstract
it is the importance you place on them
that makes them real
what are you talking about man what are
you talking about he's talking some
crazy cool angry mob I new cars and I'm
up really rich woody what do you think
Voyager one more q or the Borg
technically first contact is when ruined
the board so cue the board were fine
until the movie decided they needed a
stupid Queen and that they're gonna be
like mindless zombies that's what the
blood got ruined it wasn't voyagers
fault they just ran with the shit that
first contact handed them imagine though
like imagine you are a you are a person
who doesn't see but then you would think
that Voyager ruined the bar but it was
really accomplished with first contact
who as you approach a small town of
which burn subtle an angry mob of
peasants marches forth and confronts you
the rat men have eaten all our food
we're starving we demand food ah we can
either give them half of our food give
them nothing or try to avoid the crowd
you you you end up losing food why did
you find out what happened when you lost
the food you yet when you had no food
did we find out I didn't you got more I
got more food sup to you
well I want to fight them you fight
whoever you want if I give them half of
my food maybe they'll let me fight maybe
they'll say like now go get the Rat Man
or maybe if I give them nothing you know
I don't know you know what we're gonna
be generous i'm going to give them half
of my food you offer to share half of
your food with the peasants they gather
around you to see your offerings this
isn't even enough to feed the children
someone cries a fight breaks out amongst
the peasants and you leave the scene and
I guess this is a little a little FTL in
here to Allah little random encounters
that might leave you with nothing kinda
lovin it and kind of loving it ah the
other day I was playing around on
someone's iPad and they had FTL on their
iPad and I started to play a quick game
touchscreen how does that work FTL yeah
pretty great I'll be I'll be honest
pretty great in order to like to take
away power from subsystems you have to
press on it and then like slide your
hand up and down to remove it like to
add and remove ok ok and it kind of it
kind of makes you feel like Star Trek
and then like to you know to like aim a
beam weapons and whatnot you have to
like slide your finger on the enemy ship
it's uh it's pretty it's it obviously
it's the exact same game just with touch
controls Jack I'm just gonna marry Chad
demand to see FTL mountains that's all
your that's all you're doing is all
you're going to accomplish with this
well what I'll try to do is I'll try to
get an ipad with FTL on it and i can
plug it in and play the ipad version
great okay goblins
three goblins
and oh and a monster card I have to
fight goblins and monsters now all right
okay it's getting real rich when I was
of you started to say something oh I was
just gonna read the chat it says never
got this old desperate one will
Hollywood make the FTL movie hopefully
never hahahaha there's anything we've
learned it's that Hollywood should not
make movies not just some games but if
anything oh god I do I think by the way
I think at first level with the maze was
a glitch because i have my rusty accent
oh ok i know she'll like really
upsetting
seems like everything you should always
start with that shield I don't know
since we're about to heaven soon as a
you know I know in Arkham the Arkham
games this is currently based off of
this counters are a big part of the game
well yeah but the equipment remember
like you have to draw that's part of
your deck can you can you jump over
enemies like you're good in arcade games
is that a fee you can which can you buy
them father God we got away
do I need to kill yet Oh goblin got away
I'm sorry oh the god oh god you guys are
right i'm so sorry the goblet is real of
course of course yeah so they can't take
a shield they they did apparently god
damn it oh they took my shield and my
axe I I would not want to run into
goblins yeah god damn it you guys are
right listen you guys are right remember
this is my first time playing it I
forget alright Twiztid Canyon yes I want
to go down there for a better weapon
climb down to retrieve the weapon
brietta for a chance of success what do
you think rich one two or three or four
I for two three four what do you think
hey excellent excellent choice rich chad
is saying that cote was the worst second
officer I I think the problem which coat
days that he was the worst second
officers problems that he was just a a
completely useless character with very
little personality other than I came
from a tribe that's his character I came
from a tribe he like it was one of the
like just this really neat premise right
completely ruined immediately which is
the the rebels and the Federation have
to work together and like how are they
going to get along class struggles right
completely forgotten about by episode
two or three it comes up once in a blue
moon
I I another one of my voyageurs scream
at the the television moments was once I
was watching an episode the other day
and kiss got hurt down on a planet rules
and I'm really see the end the locals
were the only ones who could help her
but they weren't going to help unless
Jane Wade went on like a spirit quest
right and and côte mr. mr. tattoo mr.
my only characterization is that I come
from a culture he spends the whole
episode trying to talk her out of it
this is dangerous do that I'm like
here's your one fucking character that
should be helping her and telling her
how to do this yes the one cared much be
encouraging this nonsense oh oh no they
checotah here's the most insulting thing
about Chico days character is his only
defining true characteristic is that he
wants to you know you you think about
like Picard or wharf or Geordi like they
all have something that like grounds
their character right like we're making
a moral choice like that was a big deal
for them but Chakotay doesn't give a
fuck as long as it means he gets to
sniff Janeway let us take a total their
foolishness yeah that showed us so many
things wrong yes I agree but you know
what every once in a while though it
gets right I'm not I'm not one hundred
percent dissing on Voyager I like a lot
of Voyager I like the ship but but Jack
he's from a culture he's a former
cultures from a culture its spirit
spurred at spirituality culture that's
good because because because because
culture Star Trek's always been about
rational thought conquering the dark
ages that spiritual nonsense has given
humanity and and and Chakotay is just
like counter to all of that is he
is a fucking useless Star Trek character
he has a culture he does
oh god you I got a huge failure card I
don't know what that means oh Jesus I
lost a bunch of gold you are selected
from a crowd to be tied to a wheel the
wheel begins to spin and and a
blindfolded man dressed in black
proceeds to throw knives at the wheel
evidently he needs more practice god
dammit lose five max health some time
later you find yourself standing at the
edge of the force the sound of the crowd
behind you day is just dawning but which
day I did not do well at the carnival at
the devil's carnival by the way ooh I
think I'm gonna do it i think i'm gonna
run out of food okay unless i can buy
more here which i might be able to oh I
like that enterprise or Voyager which is
right I enterprise was so boring I
stopped watching it after like five
episodes oh and I never agers somehow
bad in a way that at least keeps me
coming to see what what dumb thing
they're going to do so in best of the
worst terms i think it is Voyager there
you go
did you know that Chakotay is an
important I careful because he has a
culture merciful none but that makes him
better Oh make some special as a culprit
but his culture his culture never
dictates any of his decision we're site
I think it's great that he has a culture
and I would love to see that coming to
play you know like Worf had a god right
man it was a dumb culture but warfare
culture hey he had a culture and a
backstory and every once in a while it
would matter and yeah because it would
make him want to do something stupid yes
that's fine that's fine I'm not gonna
run out of food yet I bought some food
call for the priest to another shop I
have a very shop heavy deck this time oh
is that what it's called threshold where
Jane wanes oh yeah I'm turning to say
low because goes cuz you go really a fan
going really fast is what turns you in
the salamander uh-huh God right I'm just
gonna buy more food
I'm just gonna bite more food crunchy is
cream says Jack how's the game any fun
I'm really enjoying this game it's if
you've ever played a deck-building board
game or card game or you know a
deck-building Game you will get this
immediately and if you enjoyed the
combat in the batman arkham asylum games
at rich how would you describe that guy
I like it I it's more it's more like a
rhythm game that combat really if I were
going to go with a pure combat game i
would go with like ninja guide to send
ever deeper into the shoe or Iranian I
mean de bug ya good something like it
feels more like a pure combat game well
you know there's a difference between
something like a brawler a hack and
slash er like that or like even God of
War has really great combat great fluid
combat besides of course our cup Brooks
just really good at making you feel like
a badass but it relatively it doesn't
take that much skill just a few simple
goals brush the tile timing the the
punches and timing the combos yeah it's
nice it's nice though like it's it's a
different rhythm than you're used to for
a fighting yeah game the fighting
mechanic though is very nice in the
batman games and it's very nice in here
it makes you feel like you are doing it
which is nice
if you guys played any fighting games I
mean you know obviously I really enjoy
smash brothers I'm sure rich at some
point has played a street fighter game
an ambush I used to play marvel vs
capcom a lot i had to stop because lisa
was too good at it and it just ruined my
day lisa and my wife is shockingly great
at button mashing and 2d fighters so we
just couldn't play anymore I was no
challenge for her and I wasn't having
any fun what what this one's asked me
what what the dumbest culture is this
cuz I I hate culture oh no my my one
philosophy in life is never to drink the
kool-aid cultures culture in any culture
that puts spiritual mumbo-jumbo ahead
anything else is stupid but that's not
that's not that's good that's as good as
I as I am recovered in this in this chat
in this stream that's what I'm that's
what I'm referring to come culture is
fantastic go going and and exploring
someone else's way of life is a
fantastic I'm referring more to things
like we have to light the sacred fire in
order to honor the odd drop the
ceremonial face group on your face the
fuck that come now hurry up we don't you
just went through that last week oh I'm
sorry oh I'm so sorry the guy yelled at
me for not pressing the button I could
because i was talking to you oh okay
weapons yeah the game we I was you know
like talking to you and not pressing a
button and he was like hey it's it's we
have to keep playing the game weapons
bristle from the trees around you there
wielders face is obscured by undergrowth
give us y'all gold I we should attack
for cowardly bandit I also could have
given them all my gold but I've decided
I'm going to attack them
faith face paint is a valid culture rich
that's what dog amelie says look I know
I'm being very gentle but I'm I say I
say like culture when I refer to
Chakotay because he doesn't have very
well-defined beliefs does he I mean it's
just he's generally spiritual he comes
from a culture and that's it's it's used
like instant characterization and it's
absolutely shallow and not rushed out he
is some vaguely spiritual ill-defined
beliefs they just say he goes on his
bird quest and there's an instant
characterization meaningless hollow
characterization and I say he has a
culture because I'm putting exactly as
much thought into it as the writers play
into it and that and that's why I'm
saying it that way culture he has a
culture because they didn't think about it

[Part III]
oh yeah new weapon nice nice now I just
need a shield now you begin to tres Oh
rat amend some hunting okay are
happening rich I'm trespassing on the
Redmond's hunting grounds I don't know
what that I think that means you're
gonna have to fight Redmond yeah I just
got a new weapon too so I'm just gonna
cry know you know you know skeptical
he's referring to the hollow dr on Star
Trek that that you know he was funny
insightful had a clear story arc I think
I think your show has one problem when
the most fleshed out character is a
computer-generated simulation of a human
being i think when that happens you've
got problems yes i agree and that's
really funny ready
not doing great not to me oh I kind of
wasted that night thorough damn it
that's fine that's fine everything's
fine somebody's saying rich rich data
yeah but I don't data is data wasn't my
favorite character on next-gen I always
always liked the card I even I even
think I even think works are interesting
character than data I like dated just
fine but he's not my favorite character
on the show I know I know he was the
favorite character for a lot of people
but every most of the characters on that
show were decent and like carved Wario
some really great characters the doctor
the holograph on Voyager is the only
interesting character and that's a
problem I'm thinking right now I'm
thinking of every character from Voyager
and the doctors the holographic doctor
might have the most definite right
there's no doubt he he has a clear
motivation arc backstory I mean you're a
boy right she's as generic age a
petition get her characterization she's
a woman she's the woman captain woman
they emphasize that constantly on the
show her only characterization is that
she's a woman Chakotay he has a culture
top he has a culture and he has heard he
has a comparison ship with Jane but
pilot starts off with a redemption story
raises fallen guy and he's gonna have to
you know work hard to climb back up the
ladder engagement it instantly happens
in like the second episode of the series
he's fully integrated in Starfleet and
everybody seems to respect him wasted
characterization potential yep uh
absolutely absolutely button by the way
as soon as he gets in that piloting care
he's immediately the best and Harry Kim
yeah
Eric am completely fucking useless he's
a blank Harry blank fucking slate it may
as well have just been a series of
different extras Harry is fucking
useless you laughing as you know I'm
right that's that's exactly why I'm
laughing if you replace Harry Kim with
like a rotten Cassavetes knew nothing
would change is that this saddest thing
I've ever heard oh man oh that's really
great rich they will not let you pass
ooh he's too good oh yeah but but we did
get Jeri Ryan is that I haven't seen
many of the the seven of nine episodes I
think I stopped watching voyager
somewhere in season three an attractive
lady in a skin tight outfit so you know
you get that I've seen all of like like
three episodes that have had seven of
nine oh okay she get the egg get the
impression I could be wrong that she's
just there to be hot she's mostly
fanservice she was yes that was her
intention she has a DS i want to borg on
the show because people like the board
but we're ugly so they're just gonna
make a hot woman they're gonna make the
Borg to be a hot woman because two birds
with one stone I don't know Oh
doing and by the way like she has a
decent backstory and like some decent
characterization so like I don't want to
hate on all the bad characters on
Voyager because a lot of these steps
yeah I don't like I'd probably not seen
any of them so I I can't speak on 70
okay and you know like her like that she
had like an interesting motivation like
dealing with its rating Humana dating or
what yeah okay yeah that was no kind of
thing but not worth an entire series
over oh oh great nothing oh man this is
the ramen okay here's that here's the
funny thing about Harry Kim he won't
recall his name at all but the actor has
license and I was at a Star Trek
convention he was at and he was one of
the he's gonna be speaking that was
there that was a big claim to fame you
know they have Harry him at the
convention but he's actually really fun
and interesting in real life it's just
his character is a useless piece of shit
and when you see how funny and
entertaining this man could be you
realize exactly how much of a waste that
Harry Kim character is because that that
person was capable of so much more oh
yeah that said
that is sad
all right I have a boss fight now ok
Jack of plague
it's like a left no she
cuz throne time to get out of here get
out of here a lot of dogs are a lot of
dodge roll
a lot of times a lot of role in here and
we literally just rolling around oh crap
didn't roll it up didn't rolling up
doing bad on house oh good IRA hold
enough roldan just enough the Queen's
and key when you don't have your shield
and you have us the child you still have
a stun attack how do you gain fuck well
done good you gain health every turn no
reward and then
there are certain things like the cards
can give you out back but you gain a
little bit of health every time you so
you lose fuga in a little bit of help
get some new cards
isn't that a dog no that was a rat he
was like a rat King
I think you need help I think I need
help to my death my first death is
probably upcoming come play I can only
do not want to just sit here look at the
card you've earned now we have enough to
begin a real case now super a I'm sure
it is i'm just i'm i am burnt out after
my voyager rent hey that's ok oh well
you know we can talk about Oh first of
all I finally unlocked endless night so
I can just play I'm gonna keep finding
the story mode just because I want to
keep playing the story mode was it i
want to say it was last week or the week
before we were talking about you talking
about spidermen some men thriving and
the the king of dying possibility of
them using oh yeah Alice Tyra Amy Marvel
man I suspect he will have a great
patron and I went out and bought the
trade paperback of no kisses first run
because you know it's been a while since
I've even read new comics you know so it
was like I'm interested and if it's it's
I mean I don't even think it's rumor now
it's just speculation that they might
use miles so it's like oh I'd like right
yeah Brad if they decide to go with
miles I read his first run it was kind
of like his backstory the death of Peter
Parker spoiler alert in the Ultimate
Universe and his first kind of outing as
spider-man how does he get colors so he
gets powers because his uncle is a
low-level criminal okay okay and the
Prowler is looting an Oscorp building
after a big battle and one of the
radioactive spiders gets in the bag and
miles is visiting him after the heist
and miles okay let's fight now miles
Miles Morales has slightly different
powers than earthen Peter Parker he has
agility
and he can climb on walls but he can
also turn and open and I don't it's not
clear yet I don't know if well cuz some
spiders have camel okay okay okay and he
has a venom touch as of as of right now
actually I don't know if he has
complained but i suppose Peter partners
powers don't work the same way as the
spiders do anyway you know but sick
that's okay oh right right so this was
like this was like a you know like a
different set of spider power so I don't
think he can like lift up oh no no he
does that he has like slight super
strength but also like a venomous touch
you know take your time look around I'm
sure I'm gonna take my time I an talking
about spider your deck but feel honey to
familiarize yourself first the guys talk
and so his powers are a little bit
different and his his like motivations
are a little bit different you know he's
more motivated by the death of Peter
Parker than he is by lack of death of a
family member he he tried he went out
during the the last battle of Peter
Parker to try to help and ended up okay
okay and so he blamed himself a little
bit for Peter Parker dying and trying
he's trying to take up the mantle that's
his thing and it was it's a really good
story i'm actually going to get the
first trade that was like ultimate
comics spider-man and now i'm gonna get
the first train of Miles Morales
ultimate spider-man which is his comic
run cuz i got digging okay dig his story
I think it's a good way to like bring in
new blood to the spider-man universe it
seems fresh like his it seems fresh but
also familiar if that ok i am and i
can't speak on and i have not read it oh
oh sure well you know it's like I was
trying to think of like you know the
things that I I don't I just don't even
want that so I get out of your sword you
know the things you like about
spider-man is he's kind of a nerd kind
of an outcast and he gets the powers and
and more so that he's like pure good
right even at the cost of himself he
just wants to help and so miles is a
little bit of that consuming shade
what's that I'll take that
he looked like bad
um so there's there's a lot of really
neat stuff in the miles character that I
like and so I'm basically I really
enjoyed I mean I'm going to summarize
progrock creations question does he have
organic webbing or does he have some
kind of web shooter person if he has web
shooters where the fuck did he get them
from as of right now so I've only read
it the trade paperback of his first run
he as of right now he has okay so he
just doesn't do the web pack so right
now he doesn't do the web thing the at
the very so spoiler alert by the way
skip like a minute down the line at the
end of this first run he hooks up with
shield shield brings him in after a
failed after a failed attempt at
stopping some bad guys because he's
really new at being a superhero and
shield gives him an alternate okay okay
so he as of right now he just got a
costume
which I kind of like so I don't know if
he's gonna do web web shooters okay
i I can't add can't add anymore to this
conversation oh no no not like I you
know I can lend you yeah you do that I
can lend you the trade to read but just
overall yeah I mean you know we've
talked about like how spider-man is one
of my favorite no is my favorite
superhero spider-man is my favorite
superhero and so I was definitely very
nervous reading a new take on my
favorite superhero and I think if I was
younger and started reading this I would
have got really into it you know because
it's modern and and I think that's a
hard part with super air with spider-man
in general is he's so old school I want
that I want that old graveyard what am I
gonna get rid of rid of
graveyard looks like it could be cool hi
all right sorry I was organizing my deck
I wish organizing my deck I got son
we're going all things lands the king of
da I got all the power card that I could
get I've been maxing
I mean I'm min mexi yeah so in any case
I like if Marvel decides to insert Miles
Morales into the ultimate air into the
Cinematic Universe I think they should
see less my Kings each has shaped the
neat story that forces with the strength
i think that when we talked about this
able ton that pouch is live action
spider-man gets convoluted pretty fast
and so any sort of reset is like you
know like you kind of want a recent just
to get rid of all the convolution to get
rid of all the clones basically but you
can't do a universe reset and so like
this isn't really me to blush and fear
way to do a reset to attempt to discern
the very likeness of the gods down to
their toes ah giving him half of food
given the priests half my food cuz
that's how I'm rolling
and I'm successful great
jack loves a jack does love deck
building games I really do I really like
deck building games and this is a
deck-building Game where you also get
two feet dudes up on a Batman I made
that a little too arcane now I would
have to rewire the player uses an
artifact there's a thirty percent chance
of immediately reducing its cooldown
time by eighty percent great here's a
fun fact I did not know that there were
cool down times but apparently they can
be reduced by eighty percent Oh mr.
Lionel great i can get a shield do I
have if you haven't you have enough food
honey something Oh God is not the only
way to get a shield no no if i get if i
win an encounter I can draw an equipment
card and then in my deck equipment cards
are like swords shields or those like
magic items or armor so if I get any
equipment card I could randomly get one
of my shields or I give him one bread
now but i only have the three foods so i
have three foods and no gold so the
question is now do i give them a piece
of bread and get a shield or do i get a
bunch of gold I you seem to really like
that shield for fighting
I shields great for fighting but I've
also haven't been doing half bad just
roll okay what is more fun the
ultimately it's a game and you want to
be having fun right ah the shield is
definitely a fun to use all right oh so
she asked him what he needs if I ask him
what he needs he just how's your gold
we've we've done good yeah income the
zoo sure well fuck not oh it's different
really we get game card sound stupid oh
no we only got gold game car that's not
stupid come on yeah oh sorry I had a
bunch of go ok so it's cut maybe it's
random I work maybe he doesn't give me a
shield every time automatically god damn
it twisted Canyon oh wait what I should
really check to see what equipment to
have well laughs fucking let's climb
down fuck it I'll climb down a choice
select your design down see if we get a
weapon
success draw one weapon guard great I
can't get a shield from I don't know can
I I'm gonna say no because I have no
idea oh oh I gotta fight I got a
scorching zeal equipment with this trait
burns with the flame of the Ancients
doing extra fire damage however lava
golems will shrug off fire and comes
with ease well I wouldn't mind having a
fire thou'rt this is a fire axe is that
what so right up my alley
down once more oh ok rich it all I'm out
of food ok i'm about to be out of food
ok we'll see what happened we're gonna
see what happens to tell Jack he can
follow the closest card when they're
shuffled brand the stakes you can follow
oh sure I suppose
oh my good and the chess talking about
paul verhoeven because he is he gonna
drink something else was that what's
happening I don't know they could
champions the chad is talking about
because I want to know why it that
something was there was her paul
verhoeven news what the fuck 00 was it
to do a paul verhoeven did he direct
something listen that's up for an award
I have no idea rich sep slowly but you
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it and also also revco 77
people thank you for subscribing Jesus
we really appreciate it revco revco has
been subscribing for the past word
that's fantastic you not saying anything
about the two don't have sent below step
slow that's Dumont's that's two moms oh
I did by the way I didn't notice that
sub slow has been subscribed for the
past two months aight i mean you know i
thought aight i saw the eight and i
wanted to know what 8 i'm sorry we
appreciate all subscribers for any
amount of time even joke subscribers
with names like I'm sorry jack and also
cuido thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it three months in a
row that's good i love you love them did
dick neutrals just saying no we just
love beer joven ok that makes purpose
also I just um I just found out what
happens if you move okay don't have any
food you you lose oh my god all right
it's important to know you need food or
else you lose health slowly
okay I get to fight some people now so
maybe i'll get some food on this oh and
i got my shield right I have a shield
wait how did I get a shield
oh god it's awesome the shield also
deflects rejected
like to flex them back at other people
it's awesome that was great that was a
great battle I love having a shield I do
not know I had a field apparently had a
shield so it's okay which is probably
why I got goals from that guy cuz I Oh
Jacob Oh Jackson what your salute you're
a silly Billy oh it's true I'm very
silly okay while searching the area for
anything worth salvaging you realize
that one of your opponents is only
pretending to be dead oh I'm gonna sneak
up and kill them success why did you
kill the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
those were rats fucking rats ooh okay
get an equipment card what did I get
poison consuming shame all weapon
attacks are enhanced with a powerful
poison that taints the victims mind and
body oh that's a question that great
poison attacks
yes got some food and got some how's ur
face so Chad how has boyhood been doing
during the awards haven't have they won
much his boyhood one much his birthdays
as many awards over did they win best
who won best is that done yet they
always run late don't day isn't that
every year about I haven't I have no
idea yeah the honest thing is I have
never ever cared about any award show I
just I just cannot muster up the ability
because you know all you know they're
saying like here a group of people is
idea not a thing they think that you
know but boyhood is the best it's like
well I don't care about them if I agree
with them great that's masturbation and
if I disagree with them then I doesn't
it sounds like our smear campaign has
been working because apparently it's
only won best supporting actress oh nice
third encounter does not consume food oh
I can upgrade my shield well fuck yeah i
will see you at the marathon not the
sprint interesting case and some food
great oh yeah great get some more food
too boom great oh great that's great
great that's just great everything is
great it's gotta make sure I'm great
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
it's gonna be great now you can count
for a bone and sell my life room is
right great okay oh great man I don't
know if I can express thoroughly enough
how much I'm enjoying maybe i'll have to
give it a shot I it it was so confusing
at first I'm just understanding why I
was doing anything but now now I get if
I lose I just wish you could you know
choose another character model other
than sickly looking biker I agree by the
way I would love to be able to customize
what my character looks like also though
like you just see him so rarely that I
don't know if it matters
okay we got a goblins and we got skulls
okay that's up oh this game is on god
that's that's that's that's uh huh there
we go now you're talking recently rich
that means you get to own the game I'm
not idea huh Comicon way that I think
huh no no it's just so its just oh
really oh no he has my good X got kill
that guy when he has my good Act fucking
fuck
oh you dick get out of here
i think i'm gonna get my good acts back
okay great ah fuck you can see what the
goblins are carrying did you get did you
get your act so I loss I didn't I got my
good acts back I lost some gold and I
think i lost a food which i can okay
absolutely deal with but it like one of
the goblins stole my good like my fire
axe and great I get to keep that I got I
have that and I still got to keep my
shield they did not steal my shield if
you don't want to lose your equipment
they still don't kill them next to the
cliff edge I don't know if that's true I
think if you kill them you just get it
back but I I mean maybe I don't know
the important part is killing is killing
them like you if you want your equipment
back you have to kill them and you have
to pay attention to what goblins stole
what some of the goblins just have sacks
of money um let's see here ask for
longer life as for supplies as to be
blessed i came across the maiden and she
gives me shit i should probably ask for
longer life because my i could use some
help but to be blessed and long life
yeah let's be smart a little extra he'll
move it fine only a momentary respite
shut up ok an expedition great press on
great
great great great great great great is
everybody drunk kind of what bring
auntie to play the game all the way ah I
know you will not tell me like Eddie
Redmayne A's won best actor eddie
redmayne ace no yeah be read Manny's
Rhett read it read mains and mae yna
what I don't know who that is I'm sure
he's from the mold you create you crazy
woman okay
wait Jupiter ascending 11 best flop it
was it was a huge flop whisper got oh
the whisper oh ok now he was an actor
from Jupiter that's kind of amazing you
win the one thing that's great
yeah that was nice to have oh no don't
know buy some food oh we played the guy
who beat data at poker okay okay Oh
descent we're bringing that up can we
know that is that though the worst Star
Trek not normally episode unless
provoked to park sure but descent that
was the ones where data became evil and
joined up at Laura with with the psycho
Borg then who's gonna take over the
Federation or something somehow and
that's yeah yes yes by the way without
thinking of another episode yes that's
the episode where we learned that if you
tease data with a little bit of emotions
he's willing to murder Geordi yeah data
in reality is really kind of creepy and
unsettling and at least add the one
thing that that two-parter got right was
at least it was honest about data's true
nature yeah change a little bit
programming and he's really he could be
quite easy
I would never trust data again after
that that would just be gone yeah oh
yeah that would be uh there's no more
trust there's no I river card every
every day would check with a data system
check yep you fucking up today what did
the fronted dating yet remember
Diagnostics Diagnostics Diagnostics
though I admire his ilk I live by very
different rules Devils Joyce oh oh I get
to do my devil voice again okay if I
still have it in me a cloaked devil
appears in your path I am here to test
your strength so-called hero choose your
foe if they deactivated data's FX so
that instantly means he's willing to
murder his closest friends it doesn't
mean he's gonna like drift a little bit
of money for himself on the side it
means the first thing he jumps to is
murder and I guess it right if your if
your ethics are so you would if you had
no ethic she would still assume care
about the people you care about you'd be
willing to do horrible things to to you
know get yourself gain but I assume you
would still care about people you used
to care about
maybe
hmm that was me enjoying see in the end
that really just means you mean nothing
to data I'm sure your opponents
absolutely nothing the difference
between you getting along with data and
data shoving nanoprobes into your brain
in order to lobotomize you is one little
bit of ethics programming that's it
you may have to contend with us is like
in the changing 11 to a zero band dative
becomes a psychopath that's your best
friend who do not let you see if you
think that data- ethics would be smart
enough to realize Laura's manipulating
me and has taken away my ethics program
well because I have no ethics I'm going
to murder war instead he goes to murder
all of his closest friends
you're right date ahead and switch
culture that's why he wanted the murder
isn't it that's exactly what happened
great great great I'm hitting the point
in the run where like my items are very
good and something a little overpowered
which is I mean that's the point of the
run that you like so I'm happy
Oh No so like right now I have the fire
axe which does 32 damage plus fire plus
holy damage and I could change it for
the frost Fang which is a knife that
does only 25 damage but slows the end
you could bet yeah yeah yeah oh yeah you
cannot find out oh yeah I mean you you
you would be dumb but you could do that
you may have to contend with every
bandit in the kingdom before you reach
the king III chad i won't give
battlestar galactica a chance because
i've read spoilers for the ending and I
fucking know I would hate it like
passionately passionate metal rare so if
it if you're if you're writing a story
that's like part of a longer epic that's
leading up to a conclusion and that
conclusion is ass I don't like further
does the whole thing on running story
you want to see how it turns out where
is this leading to are they gonna how
they going to get to their ultimate
conclusions thing they need to do and
that's grabbing oh I just I just wasted
four seasons worth of episodes watching
the kid I'm not interested in that
I mean I I think there's enough worth it
that's fine I think there's enough worth
it in Battlestar the space battles alone
in Battlestar so great
bong
come on either it is i want consuming
shames food ah yes I'm sure you are
grateful for the fucking rock in it
fucking rocket fuckin rocks boilers just
read the book of Mormon richest this is
the head of something to do with
Battlestar Galactica like the book of
mormon specifically I don't I don't I
don't want to read the book of Mormon
because I don't need any of that culture
and the Jack of played returns to fight
another day don't need it don't need it
I want to go see the music of a book of
akhaten if that means anything the South
Park
Broadway and just just to clarify again
when I was referring to culture earlier
I was specifically referring to Chico
days half-assed lazy characterization
he's got spirituality it will define
spirituality he's got a culture can't
stand that character
i press my buttons
i press my buttons giving the fridge
Cassini 2k4 he read the first four
chapters of The Book of Mormon but but
then he stopped because there wasn't
sufficient character for motivation
second of all fucking right that's funny
character motivation too eager it's
great great i'm impressed few select
these sorts of weapons because nobody
ever anticipates being in peril such
misplaced confidence is usually their
downfall
I need to choose weapons now so right
now my scorching zeal deals fire damage
and I have an equal mace that does not
deal fire damage but lowers my health
and so the question is do it but like
you know if I come up against a fire
enemy my fire damage axe won't do well
what would it do the normal good are
always did before I mean can you equip
it like right before a battle like if
you know you're gonna fight fire enemies
no no you cannot you I have to choose
now not knowing what's coming up it
lowers your health then have you been
cutting it to the wire in battles no no
take a chance has been called the game
of its own huh Birdman won best picture
that meant you take forever to make
decision that can't be true there you go
Birdman didn't take 12 years to make I'm
stealing that I'm stealing that from the
chat I stole that from my horse oh but I
thought that should have been set off
slowly so long time okay you do not seem
to have the lungs credit is given after
work I think it's okay even in the
animal okay absolutely I thought it was
good i'm by the way I felt good great
where's my tights why didn't want to
announce it ahead of time you know
someone so said yeah he's gotta jump
right into that make that work
oh ouch Thursday fail annotated Book of
Mormon annotated by skeptics you might
like reading that I might like reading
that
failure oh dear Oh er now that's fine i
guess that's fine everything's fine this
token will unlock more cards if you can
defeat this encounter
jews from these options saucon Bob
button prompt e games there was no
mention of dragon's lair on the new pre
req I thought it was appropriate what
y'all think of that game hey its next
it's not exactly alike listen G yeah
well your arcade more specifically than
that yeah yeah yeah what the fuck like I
said it's there there's dragons lair
that's you know what you know what
Dragon's Lair is it's a it's choose
their own adventure but only one of the
choices at any given time is right I
don't we have a new subscriber Chakotay
has a culture I think you really should
have done the one to read that I wanted
to read it too okay okay more funny it's
too late you want to say it to med
school you can say thank you it on I
can't say Chakotay has a culture thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it and your spiritual mumblings of
spirit animals and whatnot thats no
sense hmm um but yeah like dragon's lair
was a different that's a different beast
entirely those that type of game is its
own like
I mean it basically is a directive car
to barely interactive it's it's it's the
first time it's the fur it is the first
quick time event hey I completely was
not thinking about no but it doesn't
like there's no it's I don't think it's
technically a quick time event because
there's no yeah but maniac 1215 thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it eight months in a row mm-hmm so I
can't happy called the closet like you
have it just so Nevel the only thing it
doesn't have is the picture of the
button but you have to hit right you
have to hit the right direction in the
time or the the animation stops playing
goes to the fail animation I suppose you
know what yeah that I guess that would
have been like that you know what that
is this like a grandfather the great
photo quick time events pro job quick
though that's yes that's the quick time
event that's first crawled out of the
sea on these little like Finn legs he's
prepared are you
of course killing their leader is a fine
way can't exactly call it a mammal yet
but it is the first land animal yeah yes
oh shit shit is getting real I think
all right here we go
oh by getting rid of my of amazing
everything I got rid of a good that
upset so big you little good luck well
the other maze had a like a attack ever
okay okay but you might run into fire
engines that you not run into yet at all
exactly well but by the way it's I think
that's poncho and if I do run the fire
enemies i will be better I will be
better prepared but I lose so I there's
a bigger loss that was anticipating I'm
going to be fine with that movie in five
food great
again the same boys shack the novelty
must wear thin on subsequent drop gain
Longshanks once as Jack seems like this
game is good replayability and
randomness is that accurate yes this is
a roguelike and there is like an endless
northern I'm not right now I'm playing
the quote unquote story mode which
really I think is just kind of an
extended tutorial
runner first time
ah
so no every time you play this game like
if you die you have to start all the way
over and I believe how this is going to
be able to represent if you get a
different deck and the more you play
binding of isaac rules the more you play
the more things you are one which means
that next time you play
all good I'm digging a lot of things you
ever get afford it or is everything a
ton mace or an axe you can get for words
I'm choosing not to equipment is my
forwards because I I got four amazing
access and it seems like so far I
haven't gotten any power forward I've
just got regular sword but maybe they're
not giving me power cords because I just
I like boards I know I know you do and I
believe they are key of glory there you
are you stick it again as in shooting I
couldn't find
and I love life I love short bashing
enemies feel to have my husband ice
shield that's like I like two tabs
American stuff she ain't cost like a
shirt that you have you have okay if you
have an axe or mace you may as well bash
with the acts of the base that's words
for ya but you know you get the shield
bash and then the bash with the accent
made all right you only bash word of
time yes bows I suppose I don't care I
like them both I just like bashing shit
the one thing about this like the random
card setup is uh you can keep track of
what card is on top I saw that in the
chat somewhere and so like it almost
feels like cheating a little bit but
don't forget to count Volpe 5 says damn
you Jax you made me buy the game yay no
I'm really really enjoying this like the
the equipment the randomization the
fighting is great it's because it's it's
Batman it's Batman Arkham Asylum buck
with
so that's the question you need to ask
yourself is like do I want to play
Batman like the that for the first maybe
half hour we play were before I got to
the actual fighting was a little rough
but after that no good good doing it but
not the cell so much for know for you an
investor who's ever sick of what you
said for say I can I thought you're
talking about Batman when you said good
oh no no like I've been enjoying this no
the stealth and Batman I enjoyed i was i
was happy with that um I enjoy Batman
Arkham in general Brandon's Jack check
your inventory you can wreak whip your
fire axe ! one count hello my god what
I will do that after this encounter
thank you for the or else how would I
have known
yes the prereq set is looking great guys
one hundred percent it's the rich though
I noticed you made the background on the
way up the Mega Man 1 Duluth items i
know it doesn't it just doesn't really
matter i know rid the original game when
you fight that guy black background yeah
yep as far as for him so it's it's I
thought I was supposed to make it blue
there's not enough going on it I like
the big guy but there needs to be more
elements in that you know well and
really the problem is the big guys
facing the wrong way he needs to be on
the other side uh well he actually no he
teleports back and forth he can be on
either side and he is oh no I mean like
if because he was on your side oh that's
what shit your your chair was that's the
camera left he need let me camera right
so we should have moved noted for future
noted for future Russians paint the
Mario wire no I'm not gonna paint out
the wires I'm but I'm gonna change the
color in the background that's easy
changing the color background is not as
a nice easy thing i'm not going to paint
out the wires because i think that's fun
oh my god i can i can change you can
change weapons in between battles how
could you not figure this out and your
own jack how could you not figure this
out on your own I'm sure it told me at
one point and I just wasn't paying
attention oh I lost it can wait
do I have that artifact
oh my god that's great unless I'm gonna
find a fire demon I'm sticking with it
I'm gonna stick with my with mine on
fire thing for now for no particular
reason just because I know as soon as I
switch it you know the chat tells me
like oh you can switch it and I'll
switch it and then a bit like you're
facing five fire demon this fidelity's
not mom mr. shy smile because he's
apologizing for asking again I didn't
notice the first time have you seen the
film fire and ice if so what do you
think of it have not can't say anything
about I know what it is what is it what
is it there you go so tell me on this
movie
somebody saying how to fight a fire
monster do you do you know what's in
your deck because the monster in your
deck i'm assuming that you're playing
with would you know the monsters that
are in there or what you might run into
the the deck like tells you if you are
going to fight people in general but i
don't know if it tells you what you
prosper saying ask Jack whether he has a
fire demon isn't in his encounter deck
what's what's in your encounter decade I
don't believe I have mother truck would
you leave fire perform well that I don't
buy that I dad listen not because it is
a dead area ok hey so what you know what
would you go back and we changes well
good because apparently you can do that
if I get a mother fuckin fire diamond
you guys losing kind of love it you
losing your marbles a bit i mean i think
if we if we can go for another like like
15 minutes then we've gone three hours
and so is that your goal Jack to make it
another 15 minutes before you die I mean
so that so that so that we can go three
full hours I'd like to go that's a fine
thing that'd be nice
ooh I could buy a huge hammer Oh are the
Berserker you don't have armor and
Berserker armor sounds awesome defense
is light but during combat every hit
uses you sustained increases your speed
and weapon strength so every time I get
hit I get stronger I could link that
with the huge hammer and the huge hammer
is every as you string together
consecutive attacks you do greatly
increased damage press left bumper to
unleash a force explosion alright yeah
that's what I'm doing your get another
car makes you the proportional strength
and power of a barbarian which you are
on and I get the container is this a low
death from right approach so far yes I'm
not calling it back because once you'd
call it a no tether and then you're
fucked
sell the frost Fang we're not using that
this run we're gonna sell we're gonna
ski sell the desperate measures half a
bad time now using that same look good
so I saying use that you get hit a lot I
I don't know it just said they didn't
see they should have specified that
really would have helped I think I think
that was a retired my dues get hit a lot
yeah yeah yeah no so that this is great
so now my hammer will become more
powerful and if I can turn your combo
I'm just gonna decimate I might have to
buy this game that's great hahaha Eggman
I wish I wish I a little cheaper move
beyond poverty religion will cheat bucks
is a lot because because it's cuz this
is basically just the combat challenge
part of Arkham Asylum uh yeah I guess I
could see that but like you get you know
different weapons if Batman had
different weapons and with different
encounters and different scenarios so so
yeah it's like a more robust version of
that is that yeah so I'm asking myself I
don't know as a joke I don't know if you
win I've I've been enjoying it enough
where it's been hello
oh oh yeah give food oh yeah I have tons
of food right now
I can give the priest 10 food because I
have 22 food I have so much food right
now okay don't fail don't fail fail
success very my lesson card retribution
whenever the player is struck by a
ranged attack there is a chance that the
attacker will detail begin seconds
that's a great then proceeds relentless
yes 6969 fart barrier of her car and
whatever what are your fucking name is
yeah yeah my opinion one hour into
something might be different three hours
into it because i have i have seen more
and my opinion may have changed evolved
as I you know I've just been exposed to
some one of the first time no no no
you're right he's normally not only 10
minutes into something I know everything
about it and I am I have a fully formed
opinion that will never change wuzz wuzz
wuzz fart was fart fart ler 6969 upset
because of the securing of the street he
said in photos this looks too i might
have to buy this game richard me three
hours into the stream and then he says
so this is a game that this game is just
tedium finished first with boredom rich
Evans won our industry and yeah yeah
real fast your hours later yeah you know
maybe the first hour of exposure but is
not enough hey maybe my opinion would
naturally evolve it's a radical thought
it's almost as if the first hour of a
lot of games are the learning curve with
the mages tower the mages are of Coron
are the last human magic users we see
subsalicylate the difference though with
Battlestar Galactica's I know that ends
like shit I know that's going to
everything I would normally hate so why
would I why would I get invested in it
yeah oh shit Richard I'm entering
imagine you do that thang check you do
that thing you just said you were going
to do I'm doing it I'm doing it I don't
know what's happening and I love it oh
shit the mages oh it's like a mini boss
battle let's fucking Richard smelt the
riot not the ending not that with the
endings car crash haha if you're gonna
end it in the hospital no no
fuck the journey if you're just gonna
end up in a hospital there you go what's
all this hammers boss wasn't the scenery
nice on the way to that funeral some
pretty cows flowers I bet you can see
your dead father see it's the journey
not the destination is the worst
argument I have ever heard anything but
you know what you know what the flowers
on the the edge of the cliff that I got
to smell as the car went tumbling over
is what is nice flowers by the casket
spot sports I don't think that I'm ages
will forgive your transgressions there
oh shit I've met an enemy with the mages
well fuck man I'm sorry mages very fuel
so for us to deliver themselves to the
king here it is i'm at the boss fight a
challenge for you and a token but
fireflight as an end like shit but does
firefly end it all I know I know they
made the movie but I've heard people say
the movie wasn't quite satisfying it's
you know what is it isn't satisfying as
a conclusion to whatever storyline might
have been evolving what is Firefly just
about the individual episodes were like
like you know Star Trek like there's not
a continuity that really matters in Star
Trek every episode is a self-contained
story you know that's it's fine I don't
care about like the conclusion to a
series like that because each episode is
supposed to be its own individual thing
but it's not it's not like they're like
one long story or if it's one long story
arc what's going on I very much care
about the ending hmm no no yeah and it
you could be entirely happy watching the
individual episodes of firefly seeing
the movie the movie is nice because you
get to spend a couple
more hours in a universe is there like a
running storyline is my question and
does the movies hi everything up in a
way that is satisfying it seems there
are more eons ahead see yes ish alright
alright the you know they're there is
there's you know much like I get I guess
if we're using Star Trek as a comparison
right like in Star Trek there is an
overarching universe there's not
necessarily like an end goal but there's
an overarching universe the same kind of
way
hardscapes ending was not at all good I
kind of disagree the actual ending
ending the important stuff with the
wormholes and end the war I thought was
very good them them fucking around on
the planet for a decent chunk of the
last episode that less so but when it
counted I think first when it counted
it leads up the whole thing without the
wormholes the wormholes in mind the
wormhole technology that that clock
which have been going on the whole
series had a satisfying conclusion that
was built up to John Crichton spent four
seasons saying i'm not i'm not going to
give them this thing i'm not gonna give
this thing and then and then if he
finally does and they don't want it that
was great that was great
fucking hammer fucker uses to watch
anything different that's not true I
refuse to watch things that I here have
a disappointing ending many is that
about being different that's about oh
yeah well you get four seasons they
build up this platinum but the end yard
kind of sucks what is awful isn't that I
must but I'd hit that you lately it's
worth it for bass said of why would it
direct myself that sounds insane and
because you get so much good for like a
little bit of an example it's been it's
been like they're 10 years if if you
couldn't be bothered to watch farscape
until now I don't really care what your
spoilers
yes by the way that's absolutely true
there there is a there's a statute of
limitations on when you need to toss up
that spoiler warning and I'm sorry you
end and by the way farscape is the thing
you know we've talked about
it's about the ending it's not about the
ending rich it's about the stories in
between bullshit boss not if the major
thrust is one big story where these
episodes all run into one each other and
it's all part of one very intricate
intricate well-developed whole come one
smooth as it's not such thing I'll our
Trek episode where where's Spock needs
to make every seven years or the Star
Trek sewed where they discover the
energy being this sets oneself fully
self-contained story so that's not the
running development of the war and how
the how the war is going to play out you
really care about how the war ends I
don't know ma'am I don't know I'm trying
to think like with Battlestar know you I
mean I mean it's not like the
overarching storyline isn't is more is
more just a kickoff point than a than a
day to day thing you know or it's like
in Star Trek they have to deal with the
day-to-day procedures of being a
Federation starship that doesn't that
doesn't mean that being a Federation
starship is like integral to the entire
thing that's just the kickoff point
right same with boughs okay okay they
they wrap it they wrap it up at the end
and I agree that the ending of
Battlestar a little bit bullshit but you
get so many good stories and good like
solid space and that's hard to do for
especially for TV sci-fi like space
stuff is hard to do and I'll I don't
crap out of it
yeah and everybody you don't need
capital letters not all caps I see the
mods yelling at people about cooling
with the caps let's cool it with the El
caps guys will trot we do try to read
everything but you know let's let's be
cool about cap capitalize safety I want
to keep playing but at the same time
pretty late um so actually you know what
I think I'm gonna do I think I'm just
gonna check out my deck check out all
the new stuff I got with my suit of
skulls are represented by these lizard
man is gonna do that quiet patient
lethally subtle and cold the intelligent
but hurtin of all the creatures I have
income you know why because I just I got
a new sword I got a new son well you can
do that you even look at your Thord look
at it oh my god it's called the life
slim and because i don't have it
equipped i don't know what it does yet
but it looks fucking badass here's what
I know for sure we're taking out this
frost Fang that's worthless we can take
out the axe cuz that's worthless
we have better weapons now this is what
it's all about in a deck-building Game
like where it's like the frost Fang is
cool but why would you even want that as
an option when you have these winter
weapons when a weapon card comes up you
want them to be awesome what else is my
new it's my new jams the Fool's Gold
mask ooh a mask the mages mask mage
gloves we got to equip mage gloves I
don't even know what it is got equip it
that looks like a great thing the mage
mask why not the fools gold ashore ring
of poverty wait maybe we want the ring
of poverty why do you want to ring a
poverty that sounds like a terrible
thing what does maybe it's a thing where
it's like you don't know I don't know
Nikki I can't you don't know until you
use it help no that's not the great
thing about these gifts that's the
terrible thing about these games know
what I guess I could like I could look
it up online and i'm sure there's like a
guide to what all these things do or i
could discover the crypt of the
necrodancer became a lot better once the
items had descriptions yeah sure sure
let suits Jackie's inspect the cars yes
if i press inspect the card it says this
card is new and thus its contents are
unknown find the card during play and
its sequence secrets will be okay we've
all got before I'm sorry to miss them so
I appreciate you looking out from your
tan I really do but at the same time
culling of the renin we're going to take
care Lucien corvin says is it right when
I say that it seems like you haven't
been invested in a game this much in a
long time jack because it looks like you
can play this game for at least a cup a
few more a few more couple of hours
that's Pope um yeah I at least in stream
you guys have not seen me invested in a
game in stream 1 okay I think ever yet I
ended part of the reason is because
usually i get my tiny crocodile brain
gets bored when the story takes over so
even a game like I enjoyed the bathroom
arkham asylum but the story would keep
taking over and an hour can easily
because of you storytelling the kind of
person that's fine that's new that skews
I do exactly that's me and so this has
no storytelling and and it has cards and
each card has little art and I can take
in all of the art and all do different
things and it's like little things for
me to look at and mess around
that I kind of love so yeah this this is
a game that I this is a game that I have
been into more than any other game that
you have seen I want to get rid of this
treasure chest I did not like that
encounter treasure chest did not do any
good impressed i want to but I see you
have to choose so many I want to get rid
of the goblins too I don't want those
goblins coming up fucking goblins will
bring back the maze of traps and you
need 25 cards in your deck so Yael you
have to have 25
let's see here heroes remains that looks
like a fun thing stranger in the shadows
that looks like a fun thing Oh a charity
too yeah we like that one or you give up
your food and shit but you get shit and
battle at Brook top any battle we want
any battle great oh fuck yeah it's like
should I just do one more round I you'd
be my guest you be my god you you do
that thing you want to do let me let me
see what I have to do but that's the
ticket rich what's your favorite race
master of Ryan to custom it's just which
is the only answer rich are you Oh rich
are you back to inverted controls yet no
I'm trying to let myself go over it
feels a little bit weird at times but
I'm sticking with it all pratts bitch
practical I won't have to check in
Vernon every time I run a new game for
the first time is the few times that
games don't support inverted controls
and some other idiosyncratic ease so is
that right I'm saying that yeah
idiosyncrasies that happen when you play
it for it I can red dead redemption with
the the duels the shootouts
all right I just looked at my calendar
and I have to stop
because I don't stop I'm gonna be
playing for another couple of hours all
right uh and i have to wake up tomorrow
is that's fine that's fine and so but
man
do I enjoy this game this is a game that
i will be playing and you know when it
comes to wednesday i just might want to
play this so you're okay with that race
well you know what we'll see whatever
whatever you want to stream okay pretty
flexible I know you the wednesday when
i'm streaming on my own i might want to
do more orcs ok we can you know what we
can start with orcs well we'll start
with or if if I I'm if i unlock more so
because I don't have nearly enough stuff
unlock to make it worth it but if i
unlock some more stuff in Knox's and
orcs must die too I might want to do
co-op but I know you don't play and I
don't know if you just want to jump
right in with co-op with me and I'm
unleveled character maybe maybe I'll
just make it open to the chat or
something I don't know I don't know yeah
good be so you know sunday if I'm
streaming I might either do orcs must
die too or maybe maybe I'll finish that
run of Orcs Must i won yeah that could
be fun to see good good okay well that's
great hey everybody thanks for coming
out we really do appreciate all you guys
coming out thank you to all the new
subscribers thank you to all of the old
subscribers and thanks to everyone else
who just came and and watched me play a
hand the hand of fate it's a fantastic
little game a little goodnight everybody
but I called it good good night
everybody
what if they'd the button now I have to
hit that button now
woman why the button stop streaming oh
oh by the way I just thought
