Jun 24, 2015
Arkham Knight
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7576402
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/7576554
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tchBi4Co7Iw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4tDMjR1h4o
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/613745675293954048

[Part I]
tell me I'm still counting down Familia
fun is this just what you're doing that
you're just counting down some of them
want me to commit to the bit I mean you
have to commit to the bit okay well you
know what we sound good yeah those are
the same like good mic levels hello
everybody what's up what's up we were
streaming I'm here barely barely I'm a
fucking mess rich is in severe pain I
went to the the Black Hawks rally
downtown uh-huh and and I don't know
what the fuck that was about that I mean
I didn't do anything too strenuous I
mean there's just standing around for
some hours mm-hmm and I get home from
that and I get all kinds of pain going
them you know I've my back to my leg I I
believe it is sciatica which I had once
almost exactly one year ago yeah and
horribly Crippin crippling pain in my
leg so basically a cripple mm-hmm Oh
Jack you're gonna test this when I try
to move I scream in pain you know and
usually rich is pretty slow to move as
it is but this is he's gone he's reached
a level absurd but like a trouper we
were filming stuff he's been here he's
been working we're here streaming he's
powering through sciatica starts with an
S then it has a c s CI a TI c a yeah
it's a thing the sciatic nerve don't
diagnose I gotta see a doctor but oh god
you know something weird have you
noticed this what the controller clicks
when you do the menu you notice that
yeah listen to this when I moved to the
menu look that's the controller speaker
I find that very weird okay so we we're
here I'm gonna I want to play I wanted
to start with these the
downloadable content i pre-ordered this
by the way i pre-ordered this is the day
of release but whether the job pain is
gone and I would trade it for the leg
pad any day like oh that's right that's
right you had jaw pain before that went
away yeah or just my leg hurt so
incredibly much that I don't notice it
which is entirely possible yeah I agree
it's like every time I'm sitting down
and feels like I'm sitting down right
now by the way yeah it feels like
somebody is stabbing me in my in my in
my calf that's there and my thigh
oh god it sounds terrible it's kind of
ok right this very second I'm like I've
got like contorted so most of my weight
is going on my good butt cheek yeah we
are and we are filming this we are we
are filming us because you know we might
use some of these clips for the episode
so you'll see rich contorted relatively
normal but all my weight is going on one
but there's one of my good buttock so
basically tonight I'm gonna be half
assed about that okay these are the two
extra little stories that I got I got
the Red Hood bit for pre-ordering it
through Game Stop I don't I don't know
if the Harlequin is just like a normal
one ER or a ps4 exclusive you know like
this this has a million different
exclusively stories that also came with
the steam which I had to get a refund on
would you like to talk about your Steam
refund uh yeah I know I mean the don't
don't buy the steam release of this game
it's a piece of garbage
yeah it's a piece of steaming awful
garbage now I've been reading a lot of
complaints on like the message boards
and whatnot see my computer is like a
beast yeah I get I have I have beyond
the the recommended system specs you
have a very nice guy very nice computer
now and why people are bitching about
like like the framerate is capped at 30
and you have to go to the I
and I file to unlock higher frame rates
that's a pain in the ass and I I wish I
could bitch about that because even
though it seems to run pretty smooth the
game crashes every five to ten minutes
yeah that's the good that's the slow
memory and crashes low system memory
again fuckin eight gigabytes of memory
and the video cards got for ya there's
no way it should be saying right did you
get your refund yeah I got the refund oh
great great thank you
steam refunds don't play more than two
hours if you already have the steam
version just get your refund yeah oh
yeah apparently apparently everyone has
been getting refunds I've been seeing it
all over like gaming message boards
people like posting screenshots of their
steam refunds Lord is saying that
unlocking the frame rate causes a memory
leak I did not unlock the frame rate you
didn't mess with it I didn't mess with
anything just straight out of the box I
started playing it
five minutes later crash turn it back on
I I turned out like low resolution
textures very well with the Prabhu's
yeah ten minutes later crash that's
that's terrible
yeah that's Ted that's unacceptable yeah
I did not fuck around with modding
anything that was just the vanilla
default options in the game yeah crash
crash crash crash that's terrible
steam refunds are fantastic for this
very purpose yeah for when it when when
a big developer decides to put out a
broken game and hopefully everyone's
getting a refund and that will speak
larger than any sort of internet
bitching can do taking their money away
is what they really care about so I'm
gonna start with the Red Hood story back
Nick go for it cuz why not this is the
only reason i pre-ordered it normally I
would just pick it up day one but the
Red Hood seemed like an interesting
thing I have not touched this as you see
I'm at 0% I don't know what what Red
Hood has to do with the taint girl with
tank girl does it take
right this is a tanker okay yeah uh you
know I think it's like one of those like
what if the story oh so what if Tank
Girl met Matt Bennett the characters
from the DC Universe and she teams up
with Iron Man yeah will you play half
the game I think that's really me oh my
god
Jack's playing now so that's why I'm not
doing great red hood yeah I'm nice I
think that's his deal whoa huh why don't
you why aren't you covering at all what
I'm here look I hit the counter button
that that I'm trying I'm you shoot him
you don't jump to shoot him oh my god
more people use your color I am using my
couch
well I'm not using it very well Oh
oh my god I have a very serious problem
no you do I have a very serious problem
is I my synaptic reflexes cannot
comprehend the combat system of this
game and for anyone who's around during
the Arkham Asylum time knows I cannot
understand no I do you want me to figure
it out or do you just say yeah I want to
show you how it's done that's what I
want to do you'll just do it correctly
and I won't understand how you do it
when you see the things you press the
Express train it's hard to watch first
right I did first what two of them doing
at once you have to hit triangle twice
oh is that it yes oh
jack is not played city so he wouldn't
know that that's Newton I'll give him
that
hi ever
that's better that's much better I'm
five and you know I feel like I'm button
mashing now you know that's fine the
guys are the thing that the jump oh yes
I know that jump over the thing with the
thing in the guy I like this cuz I can
shoot people so this is exclusive to
gamestop like I couldn't buy this I you
should I mean to you maybe you can later
yeah right now that was right now you
can't or you shouldn't be able to or
else it's a total deal Oh run button I'm
here like I said it's a crossover like
you said it's is Red Hood and Ironman
and they're teaming up to fight I could
just hear you mashing
well everyone everyone on the stream get
on it too this is what everyone everyone
knows you're doing it wrong well let's
see do you see how I'm winning this time
this is I was talking about I was trying
to figure out what I was doing wrong
earlier and as I as I told the rich
I feel like mashing works better because
as you see I'm winning this time and I'm
mashing right we're last time I was
trying to take it slow I was doing the
thing rich was telling me to do and that
wasn't doing it as well so which works
better rich well my way if I if I could
play
boom yeah okay he's akiza kilig I read
hugs are killer I won because of mashing
Casper says you're you're you're not
winning Jack you're surviving I well I
did how are you supposed to do it time
yeah dude get a beat going dude yeah but
like what are you supposed to notice in
the bad guy to connote it when to press
the button blue things over his head
yeah but then something appraised the
toys yeah well you see two blue things
you press that thing twice really if
they're due to you just present three is
really shouldn't make a difference sure
but oh oh he has detective vision too
because why not okay
okay so this is really like a story
section this is just like really this is
a new skin challenge pack yeah well it
said it had a story technically it
technically has a story that's a window
yes that blue thing glass wasn't that
you can see through you know what I
thought it was I'm just dying on purpose
I thought it was one of those walls that
you break with this rich fine I don't
reach is a very helpful teacher he likes
he likes to teach people by berating
them works it doesn't work it just makes
me feel bad you know what I'm trying to
make you feel stupid
yes I thought that was one of those
things that you spray your bat goop on
and so I thought I could take out the
one guy just just just to confirm for
the chat we know who read who it is
yeah Red Hood is Robin one of the Robins
which one Jack Tim Tim no I don't know
he's the dead one who's not dead anymore
who's the second one Jason Todd okay
because Superboy punched a wall and he
came back to life
oh yeah yeah I forget that's actually
what happened huh
Superboy punched a wall Superboy in in
space time oh god it's like I'm just
gonna sit there no shit you know what oh
yeah I don't I don't believe I thought
he was gonna turn the things that I'm
seeing thought he was gonna friend away
I just don't believe them
yeah I don't think they really happened
well thank you shoot people with my guns
yeah that seems to work a lot better
let's just see if this works
does that work if I just go like this
where's the bullet goes I don't know
swimming I'll figure it out
I don't know what's going on I don't
understand I don't know what's going on
humiliates black mask by taking out its
gang Tiberius Kirk says I grew up in a
DC household but goddamn it's hard to
defend DC these days hey Marvel Marvel
just went down the same rabbit hole with
Secret Wars where who knows what the
fuck happened anymore yeah oh yeah no
they just had a huge a huge
restructuring you feel what Miles
Morales being the spider-man now I'm
okay with it
yep you know I like I like Miles is
character
you know it's hard for me to bitch about
it because I don't read the kind of
books anymore anyway right evidence not
read the books yeah I read spy red
spider man from Peter Parker sure Peter
Parker was as important as spider-man if
not arguably almost all those more so
he turns around somebody else in that
costume is it's just it's a different
character you know you don't care about
that character I don't know that
character like how long can you have one
person be spider-man with us as long as
spider-man yeah why is why does there
have to be a time limit I'm just a
spider-man has been spider-man for 60
years now 40 40 50 years now how long is
spider-man been spider-man how long is
Peter Parker príncipe 6261
okay nothing 61 so we're on 50 some
years crouch under that glass yeah just
wait oh can I do it probably it's gonna
be loud but it should be fun now get the
fuck out of there because everyone's
gonna ride it to see what blow off noise
was see if I can do it again then just
just get the fuck out there they're
gonna come on mass think I won't be
damned
doo doo doo doo
come on come one at a time nope nope
you're comes out Oh
doo doo doo doo doo
I'm doing anything over here no I mean
I'm fine with it miles is a five miles
of fine character miles is Peter Parker
you know he's basically the same
character smart kid who is guilted into
being a superhero
I enjoyed this I'm characterized
probably a fine care he's not my
spider-man right oh right and if I were
reading if I were still reading a
spider-man book I wouldn't see any need
to keep reading it because it's not my
sweater oh sure yeah which of course is
an incredible your gather I'll just beat
him up piece by nope there's nothing to
grab on whoo
you know an incredibly move point
because you're not reading spider-man
yeah yeah let's not just talk about sure
sure
oh sure anybody about Oh Stan outside
the glass that glass roof get up top
that glass roof just wait there say that
guy go to tech division sick I walk in
the room you can drop down or if you
walks in the room okay I'm with it come
on oh here comes come on come on over
you it'll be fun it'll be fun
oh there's two how here comes one stay
on the glass just stand on the glass
like right on top of the glass wait tool
wait for it wait for it
where's the first
come on come on under it okay here comes
another one
this is gonna be dumb because I'm we
need to get this guy come on come on
over here
it's like they know it's like all right
that sucked
oh that sucked I did suck you know what
that did suck let's see yeah let's see
what we can do these guys uh you know
yeah Miles Morales he's fine if he's a
newspaperman he's fine
okay all right so i don't i don't read
spider-man that often I've been reading
the Miles Morales stories just because
there is or there was rumored that the
the new Marvel spider-man was going to
be Miles Morales and it's not they found
a skinny white kid they found a skinny
white kid would you you know looks
really young which appropriate yeah yeah
I do like if ever that they're going
back to like high school Peter Parker
like actual high school not my no.21 Oh
30 year old high school yeah ha ha ha
right
not doing anything down here
can't even see yourself I know that's
horrible
it's really upsetting cuz like you're
not can you hold off hold the Crouch
button I am holding the Crouch button
really yeah this is me pressing the
crunch button oh here does nothing weird
and I don't like it
I agree then I also don't like it wanna
come over one of these greats what's
gonna happen take don't take don't run
haha too many don't stay near the grades
no you know I bet they know whose body
on the floor by a great they don't look
on the grades oh sure there's a sniper
we should take out him
Oh keep out of the grace when enemies
use thermite yeah I don't eggs are the
grain over here go see this guy
sooo I've learned a little bit more the
stealth the stealth predator stuff these
games it's the bread butter yes this is
why I want another game
they don't want bat mo madness bat mo
madness
what's bat madness will be madness Oh
Batmobile madness Oh bullshit getting
out of here I'm not I'm not very far in
the game yeah I self cuz obviously with
the steamed pork ping shit I had a
pretty big setback
Oh Eddy I didn't start playing until
late last night yeah you're a days
setback but so far 90% of the fucking
game spins that reveal Batmobile battle
Billy what we're back with enters the
Batmobile use nothing build with this
metal about bat bat bat will be a little
bit appeal I'm alright shoot drive drive
tank tank tank humper overtake shoot
drive you know a lot of that is just
intro stuff and I've gotten to the point
where I've just chosen not to use the
tank you know
I've died I could use the tank to like
move around the city but instead I just
fly just glide around the city because I
enjoy gliding I'm more than thanking you
don't you want to like darkroom city
yeah they got each other's back I know I
won't know whether one doesn't highlight
in orange I don't know that's so weird
I mean they both have guns they both
have the same guns have a different type
of henchmen well he's got a gun well go
on at the tech division do they work for
different groups once the soldier guy
that one's a
okay who's buying great who can I get oh
you're kind of you're kinda all by
yourself Oh
come on you know I bitch about
superficial nonsense chan I don't like
the back oval stuff how is that
superficial that that's a large chunk of
the gameplay oh yeah I'm not doing the
things that I want to do in a Batman
Arkham game I'm not my big tanker I'm
not bitching about the way the super low
snow and a suit does look like crap I'm
bitching about having to use the
Batmobile right agreed and I do not like
I I found the Batmobile to be incredibly
unsatisfying to use I don't know if it
goes quite that I'm it's fine I'd that's
what I'm saying I don't like using the
Batmobile okay what do we got left
oh we have three armed hostiles lives
and they're all over there okay there's
one on the floor I could probably pick
him off
there you go he's over there those two
hazardous kind of like there
close enough can you do a double-take
down keep going around the corner
double-double
get between for Twitter come think that
don't like them ah whoa
I like Red Hood because he kills people
and I think that's cool
you know in case the Joker makes sense
no he didn't see me he didn't see me you
shut up
he didn't see me at all
oh shit they're wise to your tricks jack
get down from the thing get down from
the thing hit him with the thing just
just push him yep I did I don't know why
he climbed I don't know why he climbed I
mean you do have a bad symbol on your
chest
it's bad symbol ish is it a bat symbol
it it's something what is it what is
that symbol who knows it's not reading
like a Robin it's it looks a lot like a
bat symbol and I'm saying if you're
gonna be like not Batman you might want
to have you know
okay hey it's not too late I so - that
was that was my phone that wasn't 100%
my fault I was shooting well that was
pretty cool
I'm not good at it I'm not good at it I
mean I here's the here's the most
upsetting part to me is I don't
understand how to get better help how do
I get better it's not just slowing down
because I've tried that and then I died
quicker I honestly cannot comprehend how
this combat system works this is a real
thing
there and it's only two bits to fucking
button
yeah I think that's a stylized Robin on
this back okay oh stop it
can I just shoot everybody cuz then you
have to stop and reload to shoot the
guys with the electro face I shoot the
guys when it turns red
that's what Batman taught me shoot the
guy
Oh
I apparently I don't understand what I
did I don't understand what I did or how
I did it wadn't way to get tackled I hit
the button waiting attack I hit the
fucking button that's my big problem is
like I hit button sometimes we should be
quiet for a second yeah listen sound
okay ready yeah okay I'm trying to go
slow okay I hit I hit that button twice
for a counter and it did nothing twice
right
again I hit the counter button twice you
guys are hearing end and you might not
be hearing this right because you know
like it's a little bit of like but did
you hear me hit that button splice again
you you are and that's okay I know
you're trying to be funny but it's
frustrating because it's only
frustrating because I can't understand
how to do it correctly
you know I just
ow every time every time I feel like I'm
doing better I don't know what I'm doing
it I know
booger x99 I am objectively just the
worst you guys here rich mashing that
button what mash the double tap for the
jump is that I know how did you do that
how are you doing this cuz I'm not
mashing I try not mashing and then I
died
I don't even know which button shakes
for him al - yeah well and every
channels played more Batman definitely
don't I'm doing this in severe pain yeah
no I'd like I said the worst part is I
just don't even I don't even understand
how to do it correctly that's the worst
part yeah and you know you cannot
everyone can say it's all about rid of
them and timing can I have something
more specific than that what am i timing
what am I looking for
am I looking for swings like can i oh
man you're looking at making deliberate
strengths rather than hitting the button
hoping to hit something crunch of times
yeah but like when can I hit the button
again after he swings just take a
breather and see if somebody's attacking
good first
I know yeah I figured out hand of st.
fine
you need to hit a punch button once your
last attack has hit no I can't dance
this must be also for beverage Evans is
a great dancer rich you're a great
dancer
no still gonna die yeah but you've made
it a lot farther than me
you gotta be the one
rich is a fantastic breakdancer that's
right we've all seen rich breakdance
is it triangle to do that - or what do
you press him if you like why can't I
kill me what's going wrong this fight is
going on too long I'm not doing
something I was probably supposed to be
don't let me give it another time we're
gonna try it we're gonna try being more
deliberate yeah
only press a button after you've punched
someone this is what I mean this is what
I'm concentrating focus on black mask
black mask
kitten take a bow
hip and pay attention you're shrunk
somebody attacking you if nobody's
trying to attack you then do it overhead
sure if they are trying to attack you
then do a cover oh that was me trying to
get closer to black man
wait to your attack animation is not
good neither you try hitting again right
that's what I'm doing I'm working on it
anytime you see that the blue thing of
pain right stop whatever you're doing to
cover powder or jump over them or
something but you're gonna take hit that
you don't deal with that do I need to
press an attack button after I hit the
counter button
I mean you're countering as much
probably more than you actually just
flat-out regular attack
sure okay okay you're getting better
you're getting better at Batman also
like I feel like I'm hitting black mask
a lot I didn't see that that was my
father okay I knew I knew I think I
think so I think so I think you know
what I might have just needed a little
rich Evans tough one yeah all right you
guys take turns you gotta take turns
we'll take turns
use your takedowns what a takedown I
don't I think they might have taken them
takedowns out of this yeah I tried to
take down in the regular game but just
like you can grab an enemy's weapon like
he ripped a bat out of somebody's hands
and you started using a bat buddy yeah
he didn't do the leg break move I don't
know if it's something I can unlock
later there there are unlockables well
you know young like my moves
you did just get your ass but yeah I did
I I absolutely got my ass bashed but I
felt like I did better also but it's
like read their black hood seems to have
a ridiculous health bar you know
triangles triangle though that's what
they're saying is how you do stuff whoa
Batman uses a special bat bat you're
right now
oh no roof hasn't gotten to that point
yet about what suit - uh - where I had
the restart of the game last night
yeah because of the poor steam version
rich had to restart the game so he
hasn't gotten to the point where where
you can choose your bat suit if you want
you can wear the other Man suit
what am i what am i doing this our two
triangle thing they haven't had their
slugger
maybe we haven't unlocked it don't
listen the Bellas are jet beat up that
black hood whoa okay okay whoa
look you shot the wrong guy
haha
dodge bullet
yep
and three markup yeah you got a got a
concentrate on that black there dude
that's got to be it it's weird that this
exclusive downloadable content seems to
be lacking it seems to be
oversimplifying
oh there's a black massive health bar I
didn't notice that it's an upper right
corner oh we have the be on everything
is blocked yeah Dan everything goes away
after a little bit and I think you can
all actually you only take his house
where when you shoot him yeah you only
think it's helpful right this is what we
haven't been noticing
kill them do it press X to kill
Oh boom boom oh that was it that was it
exclusive content for the makers of
content counted with exclusivity to
challenge an absent Penryn that story
content because they added a cutscene in
between the challenge mix I am full a
burg a stood that was it that was no
Shack at all to anybody look I thought
it would be short I mean like obviously
it was gonna be shorter than the actual
game that's a known thing it's just crap
I was I was expecting though maybe 20
minutes how long have we been going
normally about 20 minutes maybe I mean I
was expecting you know when I was I was
actually expecting maybe a couple hours
oh god I was expecting a couple hours
Jack you know this is a scam as much as
I get the hood it's how hard it how hard
would it be to give us a couple more
levels I know it's a scam I don't like
that are two in the combat no that sucks
what oh it's a battering people or to
shoot him in this one yeah part of it
it's part of it now you know that man
you don't use it too much you I feel
like you're use any more of these
niceties goodness yeah that it is
appalling to me that this that that's
how long this exclusive codes every
worship yet to pay so sure oh yeah no
and literally this is this game released
Tuesday night at 11 p.m. in Milwaukee
and I went to gamestop at 6 p.m. on
Tuesday and said hey can i preorder now
to get the Red Hook back and I said sure
that's it and then I came back the next
day to buy the game you know so I'm not
I would anything I didn't expect a
little bit more than that
that was three stages
remember hitting him does nothing you
have to shoot blanket no no dungeon
master blaster we didn't pay for this
this was just for pre-ordering so I did
technically pre-order the game even
though I
I pray ordered it the same day it came
out thinking I'd get a little more
content out of this then three days I
mean it it took twenty minutes only
because I took that one predator stage
so slowly yeah yeah excellence do the
Harley one shit fuck
Color Me disappointed maybe Harley their
same three stages is this horse in four
take four maybe five
this one was advertised more yeah Harley
is the Buddha say let me say six you get
three fighting ones and three stuff no
no three fighting into stealth we just
fine all there for a few more hours
before she gets transferred the black
yeah she doesn't tear down the blood
Haven Police Department first
oh sure making a car section in a van
oh so there's things we need to work on
these cops quips hey out of jail sound
that's you know shibam okay I'll think
shibam oh how did you get the bat out
concentrating sure okay that's where
Cape slum
oh okay oh that's fun
future future Jay the Red Hood and
Harley Quinn were were bonus content DLC
oh they really did a lot of work on her
facial animation there yeah Wow hold on
that she is a robot and I am robot
Harley Quinn do you get detective mode
yep
it's cute it's creepy oh all right yeah
that's fine that's fine I'm not gonna do
Harley's voice this I like this Harley's
voice so having psychosis mode I look
three little piggies that's funny
this definitely looks a little more
thought-out than the Red Hood section
this is a little more Batman II
oh I gotta press the button which one is
that I can't see L 3 L 3 is that the
Penguins voice yeah really
how play setting it works what place
idiot works for me I liked I liked I
loved the version of the penguin oh yeah
I mean I've only seen him I haven't
heard Arkham games just by far my
favorite version oh okay good I'll
believe you I don't like the voice right
now no it's great the disembodied voice
I'm not a big fan oh but I think you
know what in general I'm not a big kind
of cockney I don't like I don't like
cockney oh no you weren't paying
attention what we tired look for I don't
know we're talking about stuff come on
what's in the box
we're going to take division that'll
tell you oh you can r1 Jack I'm gonna
flip your thing you're gonna do what
controls oh sure go ahead Jules we're
not here game options
hey go that's right you've been you've
been at non-inverting I don't I don't
like cockney or cock truth
I'm sitting there's a
gadget that we could make through this
wall don't use another jack-in-the-box
oh yeah that seem to blow up guess
what's snare trap use the
jack-in-the-box I'd say we have the
volume down I can't tell if that's her
original voice yeah that sounds like it
it just sounds like the voice actress
has you know hey give it it's not as
it's not as bubbly as an animated series
currently I know in the last game of oh
was it yeah I don't know maybe
collecting data I don't know where you
can get a song a copy of the song my
love is in love we're working on it
we're working on a standalone release my
lovers in love oh okay a predator
section that's a lot of dudes 12 little
piggies
Oh
she doesn't have a side one take
I like that this is almost this is
madness sale 7 l 1 l 7 whoa whoa what is
this
oh this is like this is like amped up
moaning oh so you don't even get a
predator section you get you get a
destroyer well that's kind of cute
I guess Harley's not a sneaky one yeah
it makes sense
in city origins and this it's Tara
Strong so apparently in cities origin in
this it's all the same person so I don't
know if that's different Harley you can
dodge the bullets
yep
whoa probably gonna do our lean this
Sorkin was the original who also we did
a Asylum so this is not the original
sound sounds fairly like a like a
reasonable facsimile yeah Thank You
captain epic for the info on the
original voice actors the original V
though the animated series Harley was
great yeah so so far without revealing
too much of the Batman game so far I
actually feel pretty like I have no
strong feelings towards Batman Arkham
Knight so far I'm I'm only I'm gonna say
I'm maybe three four hours into the game
yeah so I'm not very far I'm you know
I'm into the story of it or I'm I'm far
enough where I understand the story I
understand two going on I'm into the
second part of the city now I'm in the
I'm in a big saying I'm not gonna say
anything good rich isn't very far so I
might as well anything for rich but I'm
pretty far and like so far I just kind
of feel like okay about it you know it's
not blowing my mind and it's not pissing
me off which I know you know is gonna
ignite some sort of passionate chat
response
how do I like the reveal of the Joker
died in the last game you know I you
know I heard that we saw that at e3 yeah
and has spoiled kind of spoiled which is
fine you know and yeah
sounds like Jack hates Batman right here
today and Fubon of course no I
so far it's fine it's all been very fine
obviously I'm having a hard time with
the combat there's so much Batmobile it
doesn't feel like a Batman game that's
part of my problem is I really dislike
that Batmobile all of the tank sections
it's not even horrible gameplay it just
feels nothing like Batman yeah but even
like even the gameplay it's not Horton
none of it is horrible gameplay but it's
like none of it stands out to me yet
except for you know I've done a couple
of these great arena predator sections
look speaking of predator like that's
what she's doing oh my god that was
great fuckin fuckin lopped his head off
with a baseball bat
fucking duh Harley Quinn's on the move
okay ma'am double loud takedown more
guys hate more dudes here to here phone
first folks rich needs more dudes yep
not exactly ghosting this one I don't I
don't think you can intersections they
should make an actual predator game like
this that would be fun it would be fun
to have a predator game where you know
you have to hunt military dudes and
fight them like this that'd be neat and
you could click noise to freak them out
I know so fight like well you know what
I've been really enjoying about arcanite
I haven't I've been talking to rich
about this is is gliding around the city
I choose not to use the Batmobile and I
just I grapple hook and glide around the
city and I love it I think that's so
neat oh my God look at her dead face
they spent so much time they spent so
much time at her tents they forgot she's
got a good face but now look at her move
the the glistening the lighting effects
on her tits right in masculine yet they
can't get her face to move beyond her
mouth come on come on what is that oh
okay that was bad no
anything interesting going on down there
champ no yeah people are saying they
like the gliding too it feels very
freeing it does it feels nice and then
you know when you get your new bat suit
you get like the the super grapple that
like just fucking rockets you under the
SAG I remember the grappling - Marc City
Maggie gets drive tank
Batman drives a tank with cannons and
guns and if those of cars if those of
cars people and then with absolutely no
regard for human life
that's he crashes into moving cars you
can actually plow into a speeding police
car you can you can you can man destroy
it that's it's the first thing I think
but I think a Batman is tank combat
forever remember that old issue of
Detective Comics where the Gray Ghost
got run over by Batman's fucking tank
yeah the tail the tank combat feels
dissonant it feels like an afterthought
what it feels like is well we need to
make another Batman game and we need to
escalate it because it's another sequel
ah okay okay here's my idea it's a
bigger city and he's got a tank like
that's all there is no there was no
thought beyond that how often in the
comics even in a in the TV shows sure
does Batman use the Batmobile for
anything other than from getting to a
point a and point B may be using some
crime analyzing equipment in but how
often does he shoot things with it the
Batmobile how often or even car chases
that's a good course is not something
that as I would ever associate with a
Batman yeah and one of the cool things
about city was it made you feel like
Batman I no longer feel like Batman
all right I do like it better that
Harley is like taunting everyone you
know it's a bit more to this than there
is the the Red Hood yeah yeah this seems
like they put a little more thought into
it I think you're already on your third
level yeah Burton's Batmobile bombed at
the chemical factory and murdered one
one we got one it's it never happens it
just rarely am I just saying I would
never make up a highlight the focal
point of a Batman game no and yes that
core the idea of being the Batman looks
like even just riding around the city
and I know they go to great pains to be
like the only people left in these city
are assholes like if you hit someone
that's fine they're all jerks and
muggers and shit right but like even
just driving from point A to point B in
the Batmobile you're running through
buildings you're knocking over a shit
your Batmobile can't die there's car
chases going on all over the place
you're knocking you're hitting people
waitin waitin at high speeds
yes so even even getting from point A to
point B in the Batmobile I don't like
because I don't like how the Batmobile
moves anytime you have to turn into a
tank you have to turn into a tank a
fucking lot what's that big boy one say
what the big boy one
Oh mr. J would be proud was she talking
to herself
she's talking to her same self oh yeah I
mean the voice of her lead Harleen
Quinzel boy beats congratulations on
baby
prepare for periods I self for a lack of
any sort of free time it's great is the
game good it's kind of I don't know I'm
we're not I have next to no time in it
yet yeah
we're not super much saying it's
unenjoyable I'm just saying I no longer
feel like the Batman yeah once once you
ditch the tank what I feel like Iron Man
and Tank Girl
yeah exactly but like I said I I've
found it far more enjoyable I just leave
the tank there are some missions that
require the tanker now obviously to
enjoy it I might do that but the game is
built around the Batmobile and we're
hearing the game I feel like I should be
using the Batmobile because that's
clearly what they intend for you to do
yeah they want they want you to drive
around in the Batmobile so I'm gonna
make myself use it to get used to it
yeah but at some point I'll probably
start whiting yeah it's great
gliding is great I have been having a
really fuck am i doing here jack oh I
don't know help me out I've been paying
attention
Jack was Chauncey can't you jump up can
you jump up
jump can you like look up and there's
nothing like no there's no proper one
you from are you pressing our one just
in case press r1 and l1 and no I'm
kissing ah can you do anything with the
door yep
can do anything with that thing on the
floor there's a thing on the floor like
that thing nothing nothing oh well if
that not your bomb see if that works but
I can you slide that thing opener can
you and you obviously can't press the
elevator button I just put it I put
another bomb on okay okay another bomb
let's see what happens okay video yeah
you're right your video games have come
a long way since the police quest or can
you put it by the door maybe put a bomb
by the door it should have the little
breakable thing I know but it doesn't it
doesn't but just in case no okay
mr. J would be proud hmm
anybody have any ideas here can you
interact with the mr. J graffiti no no
you can that was a that was a good idea
though that was a good idea this
elevator is the real boss ha ha ha use a
different gadget yeah what's it what's
the other gadget to snare trap throw
those up to see if anything happens
Thank You Arthur J Hawk today's looking
it up
you don't want to know where she's
keeping all those bombs it's gross
like I guess use the laughing gas cuz
why not
so Oh
avianna is saying that you can use our
one to get up maybe you're just not in
that exact right position to get the
prompt I'm not doing nothing hitting our
one constant oh sure no but like look up
I and like maybe you have to be in a oh
oh there's no can you I mean it might be
a glitch
I'm sorry glitch you should try to yeah
just like hug the wall and see if you
can find that okay throw the bombs that
would be great I don't think you can no
I think you yeah they just drop them hey
guess what we found everybody game
ending glitch my game ending glitch
let's hope our last save is that a
reasonable location this chat saying
you're supposed to just jump up there
that's what they're saying right all
right the gamebreaking glitch oh that
means it's my turn
restart does that restart the level
before you start yeah can this poor
crippled man ask you for a big big favor
oh my god this poor poor crippled man oh
my god a dear and grab me a soda from
the fridge oh dear would you be a dear
you know what I almost don't want to
because you asked me to be a dear and I
thought that what give me a cool guy
there we go
an awesome cool super friend and grab me
a soda
yeah this sucks this sucks
I will be a dear thank you I will be a
dear for you on much appreciate doe a
deer a female deer hey you want to
restart yep ok so the lesson here is if
you are going to make some sort of
content to exclusively sell a pre-order
copy or a ps4 copy or a Gamestop copy
you might want to make that thing worth
it oh oh that's right you inverted yes
that was that's bullshit what the no the
just the power glitch the bugs and the
and the one that is been just trying to
use the fucking PC version sure and not
as bad as having it be only three levels
long get over there Harley use elevator
bunk
she looks so dead she is dead The
Adventures of course girl look at her
look at her dead face nope yep yep
that's it just just a glitch that's
fucked
do-do-do-do-do that's so fucked whatever
it's not a huge setback it's annoying
but it's very annoying kill the game but
you know it's what it is is that it's
that mixed with the three levels of the
Red Hood you know that sure I'm just
gonna say yes
nope yep I sure Ken she shouldn't be
able to but nope
like Batman has the Cape that stops
speaking of dead Harley's dead phase I
need Insano vision oh dear God I'm alone
oh-oh-oh Harley
Oh another one at ease oh that's
different
Oh plant aggravate plant Jack waive all
three wait
that's fun that is fun all right where
are all these guys oh there's a couple
doo-doo-doo-doo all my plants well
apparently I'm down here now
doo-doo-doo-doo
well you turned the corner like
expecting the seed sure did something
right and instead he just gets shocked
get the great get the great huh one
behind you whoa what are you doing I
don't know dude get in the great
I got the great oh look like you got
eaten yep see comas being dead or alive
uh
probably dead I'm gonna splits assume
dead
peace peace peace out bitches
Harlequin Jack the proper terminology is
mismatched he's out biznatch
yester you mayhem mode find the guys
first then go to man look that's what I
learned from her Jones is there an
explanation why she can seek your walls
what's called psychosis vision so I
think she's just crazy yeah and think
she can see through walls and it just so
happens just so happens she's been right
every single time so far oh here we go
they're all lining up for me
I like mayhem boat well sure
wh-where's up kill them all come on Ryan
Jolyon what oh ho ho
yep Oh
ah
can I throw laughing gasps yep
uh-huh
do you get infinite of those too yeah
but that guy's just looking at a while
we have to kill him she knows I'm stuck
on the wall what a position is he like
Hackman the wall yeah we're gonna keep
him in there yeah his last oh no he is
last his yep one little piggy left look
up look up now did you look everywhere
yeah one little piggy turn around
oh one little piggy little piggy well
that's neat I like that little piggies
I get what that means now yeah so I got
him out of the wall
ha ha ha hey speaking of poorly thrown
together content Oh her eyes moved what
her eyes move her eyes moved
did she blink yeah just for a second she
blinked and looked a different way it
was weird
Wow didn't do well that's some minimal
effort get out of there
get come on Harley move
move your patootie
oh yes okay at what point are they going
to tease the Joker being wife and will
they go so far as to have him be alive
I'm not gonna spoil it so they're
already season 2 his life I'm not if
they're doing it early then he's
certainly dead because that would be a
twist oh whoa whoa it's not a spoiler
because I just
well no it's obvious they're going to
try and tease that whether or not it's
going to come to pass
Oh whoo you got it jump over them and
attack them from behind yeah
oh wait no you have to do the shield -
thing with them I'm sorry it's been a
while
whoo get out of the way okay
I forget how to do this there's some
kind of dodged over them and and and and
attack button really jump over them and
then hit the hit the attack button
forgot how to do it Jack I'm sorry
anybody can anybody help me out how do
you open this remover oh oh oh I just
did like a super combo somehow how did I
do that I don't I just don't remember
oh oh oh shit now I got a No okay okay
okay oh you got fight Nightwing
yeah oh that's great oh why didn't you
keep attacking them head-on
cuz I'm dumb I got confused
get out of here
oh you can't hit him from behind either
looks like well maybe you got let's
simply give us holy dumb dick yeah I got
a swing over and then do this shield
bash and then you can beat the shit out
of with a baseball bat you know what
Nightwing really should be able to just
kick her ass yeah I like Harley Quinn
but she's just a nutty woman she doesn't
be an insanely amazing fighter well you
know she she oh I haven't seen one you
know like it's one of those things worse
like oh yeah I guess she's an acrobat
you know like so what does she have
Acrobat training I mean no she's a
former doctor yes no that's that's comic
books okay
get out of here getting out of here all
I want to do is hit menu yes I know Dick
Grayson is also an acrobat but he's an
acrobat who was trained by the young age
by Batman Oh immigration those had a
kick ass but also like it was that he
was an acrobat is the lady actually was
an acrobat ray Harley Quinn was a
psychiatrist you know that's her whole
stick stick it's just being the goofy
sidekick right I just kicked your ass
Nightwing I guess IVs out now look I
can't even go in the cage bonus
IV no I think she's plant remember we
saw that wait her vision might not show
bones I didn't have wasn't paying enough
attention maybe oh sure now remember in
in Arkham Asylum I did x-ray vision on
IV in it always showed it was her hair
oh that's it no I think bones did it you
think enough plate face plate faces is
the one with no bones no I wish I had no
bones - we have to be wrong we can
always check back well that was that one
that's done slightly longer yeah I think
you called it I think that was five
congratulations rich yourself and three
fighting um all right so now I guess
we'll take a little break we'll take a
little bit of a break just for a nice
clean cut and play some of the regular
game and play some of the regular game
you you just want to start fresh do you
not get the Scarecrow sections
I have five scarecrow sections in the a
that's in the AR challenge for some
reason okay where is it well what do you
want duel to get back no just play
anyway guys just the regular game-mode
game where are the Scarecrow sections
out here there Scarecrow nightmare one
yeah you're on do I mean you are come
back you don't care well I think there's
only the one on lock so sure why bother
haha I mean we could do that how long
have we been going what time is it
I don't been gone everybody it's 8:30 so
we've been going for a couple hours
already

[Part II]
Taco Fox this is this bet but we're
playing well we're playing Arkham Knight
and these that those were the bonus
missions that we got sorry you know what
all in all we got a couple extra hours
yeah out of those bonuses yeah and we
got for free they were free they're free
they can't bitch about that no do you
want what a charge for shit like that
challenge them if I paid any money for
either of those I've been pissed any
amount of money
any luck for both for one a book for a
buck for the Harley missions that might
be they might be worth a buck I all
right
you know I buck a buck for Red Hood no
yeah no yeah Red Hood has to be free
because it was three it was three levels
you all start a new game I don't care
where do you want do you want me to keep
well no I can't keep playing because
spoilers spoilers well we'll start a new
game
I turned my hints off do you want your
hands on all right Richtofen
rich is playing you no longer have to
deal with this asshole well do you want
to take a break or just keep going what
don't take a break you just want to keep
going oh that was just for me later when
I'm when I'm turning these into YouTube
videos oh alright sorry I do you I mean
do you want to take a commission okay
great let's keep going that was for me
when I can make these into one our
YouTube videos sometimes they don't
exactly equal an hour so I'm just a poor
cripple you're just a poor cripple who
likes guys look at this contorted
position I'm in a I'm not in any pain I
see them I see that
I guess the songs weren't stuck in my
head because of this your I I did I do
have the classic 1960s Batman costume
unlocked yes
but I don't think we should plan is that
because that's kind of weird it it's
kind of weird
rich got hurt at the at the hockey
celebration I didn't I just walked
around for day and when I got home
crippling pain in my legs and lower back
yeah I undeciphered seen a doctor I
think it's a Attica my dad's had it
before and it's a excruciating pain yeah
excruciating so rich is working through
the pain we should all appreciate but
hey here's another rule moment ruined by
a button problem when you don't know
there's even supposed to be a button
prom you can't do this in a cutscene
well I get a cutscene you know they
would know right when to do it for
effect
yeah now you know like like I'm play
this the first time I'm waiting okay
yeah and and and and then like after a
minute bet there you go yeah bottom
right corner it pops up oh that ruins at
MoMA in the moment like they could have
done it to time with the music perfectly
and you have to hold the ball now yep I
took my finger off the button no I took
my finger I like that was this is there
a friend you're ruining it hey don't be
an asshole cremator rich just finish the
jab you can't finish the jab you're
ruining it oh no oh oh I couldn't keep
it up thumbs it what up guys we ran out
of propane governor go to the propane
store shit hold on up here behind
straight across the street okay I'll get
back up to around me okay wait we did a
pilot light
there we go has a great big all I know
it worked because it's rumbling oh I
like the rumbling wait a role in an
artistic moment yet button drop nonsense
is how it happened this is how the
Batman died that's another way to roll
in an artistic moment by having that
cheesy little line of dialogue with that
voice here's how it happened sounds like
a cowboy right cowboy story well here's
the tale of the lonesome cowboy boom
boom boom boom boom boom
that laughs they're not laughing hurts
this is fun clean
there's nothing artistic about anything
here but they think they are starting is
starting this story with Joker dying and
saying that Batman's gonna die ooh they
thought this was deep starting with that
and then there's almost no chance he
dies all right they're gonna pull out
their polarizers
Dark Knight Rises yeah if at the end of
this game Batman you know I'm more fine
with that then they actually killing
Batman off cuz that's that's my major
pet peeve dying is the only artistic way
to end a story no it's not you don't
have to kill your protagonist and a
series no Megan ride off into the sunset
and that's okay thanks look at her face
compared to Harley's by the way I like
her she's got character she's moving no
she's animos harley was slapped together
for DLC yeah this is all I'm saying is
they had they have the capabilities I'm
guessing Harley's not even in the main
game because they would have spent more
time in her face absol yeah no they and
they've mentioned a few times like that
Harley's Harley's missing
and I can look around yep I'm random cop
what's that honest
what's that pen I'm not sure I've got
that pen or something oh sure Edward and
Henry Adams right did we ever look up
who Henry how I do not I'm gonna look
that up right now that missing poster is
some sort of Easter egg I'm sure and I
cannot see you spinner what hey okay hey
you feel my boner do you feel my boner
it's my boner rubbing it I'm rubbing it
on your lower back
you can't do nothing cuz I'm a cop it's
through my pants so it's not rape
Henry Adams Batman Batman huh oh I think
I said he was Batman like that that
can't be right
oh that's who it is okay who is it huh
was it you don't know yet spoilers
spoilers how far are you into the game
like an hour don't you know oh no I'm
like four or five all right all right
I'm like four or five I I'm not I don't
want to spoil it for it cuz I know you
like your stories I know rich likes his
stories Oh
oh my god you're shooting everyone Oh
God kill everyone
Oh No could you not kill him hey no
wonder I like how hard you can make it
I didn't shoot anyone during that fire
good questions and I'm not willing to go
through all that again just to find out
I shot as many people as I could knowing
I was under the serum yeah and I knew I
was under the serum so I knew I didn't
shoot anyone
also something that I'm tired of is the
the glitch effect when someone hacks
into a channel yep I'm gonna go ahead
and assume that if someone has the
ability to hack into a channel it's not
like in little glitchy bits it's gonna
be one solid video chunk i've never hack
a video feed before so I'm not an expert
on this here's half of it I'm not a
hacker but I'm gonna assume that it's
like it's either an on or off of things
3 if you hack it you hack the whole
thing right lonesome cowboy goes into
Gotham Jana talk to you about a new
sheriff in town
his name's a baton to you what'd you get
Batman saying that would have been
better well you can't do that anything
talking he's dead he he doesn't exactly
how they did it an American Beauty oh
sure
what if this is Batman not enough good
people left oh stop
what is it Watergate a voice change
appellation what if this is Batman as an
old man yeah uh-huh
think about it oh no think about it no
could you think about it I did that's
terrible ha ha ha though that's gonna be
enough yeah that's gonna be it just 24
hours for us to lose control
I'm not horrible at storytelling in
these games tonight though this is my
least favorite opening a line on pretty
much all of this save us all the premise
doesn't hook me the way it did in city
say you had a great opening yeah
what's the opening of city that's where
you start off as Bruce Wayne he gets
arrested by the police and he gets
handcuffed and he starts off first part
of the game as Bruce Wayne in handcuffs
and shackles legs and arms yes that's
fun
asylums got that great bit where you
just walk Joker to the through the
asylum
story happens around you characters
stuff happens around you so you mean
you're playing the game like right away
and this you you start off well you're
kind of still playing the game of this
but you're just random cop guy yeah I
don't care about that's not look at how
much fun that is ah that's so cool and
you get a better grapple thing huh oh
yeah oh you like with your with your
other grapple boost you just rock it off
of things when you get your other when
you get your robot suit when you train a
tire money so not looking for turning an
iron I think you can like still use your
old suit but still have the iron so I
gotta go you can stay sure I don't know
that I saw someone in the chat maybe the
best thing I can put on this system yeah
this one I don't read Justice League
3000 Souter the sixties Batman and it
was suit patek man yeah we don't
Scarecrow we were tracking an unknown
military vehicle speeding through
Chinatown and that's not like we've
second time through but that's during
the main first playthrough I can change
my superpower
I believe so I have nothing I've seen
someone in the chat maybe no subtitle
should be on okay we'll make sure
they're on I mean we had the mas going
to be a long night
scarecrows gonna be released threatened
to release feared acid a month the city
conveniently except for all the
criminals everybody on the streets in
criminal yeah
Hey
just like the last two game something
with a less good excuse
yeah I need the money homeless Pedro 47
well they probably people are crazy they
don't give the notice that the crazy
Scarborough man everybody where they
might not even care yeah don't steal my
cans
hey I'm a card catch I posit India see
make sure sometimes on ya know they're
off that's weird
sorry there's a new game river yeah but
when I started through game I thought
that was one of the options apparently
not
we that's that is what is that's so
great
that's so great you can go right through
those antennas don't worry about doesn't
that's great I mean you're ready you're
basically spider-man sure you know what
I would like to do I would like to have
an interview with all the people who did
Boyce acting for the grunts as this like
for all the bad guys and calculate how
many different getting hit noises they
made just killed that guy you did know
they're all like darling now he's
definitely dead you hit him in the skull
with a baseball bat physics can prove
what are you doing to you think it was
just two guys ten minute oh oh rich even
the odds rich even the odds fuck that
fuck that button prompts the fuck yes
that button prompt pisses me off
you know why because it's supposed to
love the Batmobile oh my god me the
Batmobile oh my little few best in a
heart is exploding through my dick fuck
that okay there were smaller doses yeah
even the odds every one car that drove
you somewhere fuck even yeah you can
what will run into some of them
right did you just kill that cop you
didn't hit those pedestrian Oh see there
you go you just hit one you just hit one
a top speed that guy is fucking dead
there we go back on track
look
fucking oh yeah they're dead so I might
need to interrogate the driver and find
out what he knows
interrogate soldier Jackie are all fine
I know they're all fine I know and I
know that's like action movie video game
logic so I'm fine with that but there
there is a point that man should not be
sorry
what do you mean well I think there's a
point like like shirt like you hit a guy
really hard as he gets quote-unquote
knocked out Yeah right that's fine
that's that's um that's a logically that
I buy for movies and video games not
getting hit by a car that's traveling at
200 miles per hour that's that's where
it gets it like to be a little bit of a
leap you know what the fuck is is I'm
gonna hit that it's fair stuff yeah
looks like a like a like a bong you're
in college right does this look like a
bong to you
scarecrows named Joe Jack scarecrows got
a safe house nearby
I'm going to pay a visit we've been
waiting for
it's the Nolan Batman it's it's it's
like it's it's like they're trying to be
the Nolan Batman and the comic-book fat
hand it's the worst of ocean
you know at least they run from you in
this game yeah that makes sense how do
they not in City know I was sure there
is some like there's some really funny
henchman dialogue that you overhear
later where was like the guy just says
listen if you see the Batman just run
straight out of an attack works every
time
Oh way to be sneaky I tried it fucked up
you do everything right nope no I suck
at this game you know and you've seen me
suck at this game I'm getting better
though and I feel good about that
it's definitely different you know we
talked about this a lot like the
difference between playing game on your
own your streaming game a game I
definitely am enjoying night more than I
enjoyed Asylum because I haven't been
streaming it you know
right scarecrow and poison ivy
I noticed that huh I do like the one
soldier in there who's just just wait
just wait
I wish I could sit up straighter that
would be just a marvelous thing I could
just sit up straight hmm
it's life sometimes life throws you
rotten eggs ya know it's you know it's
not like what like when you're streaming
a game like it's it's because like we're
also we're also talking to you guys and
we're trying to we're trying to be
entertaining and you know we're keeping
up with you so you're not fully invested
Oh what did I do that wasn't fully
invested huh but I just thought now to
talk about it they're talking about me
and not you know liking this one better
than that yeah
but yeah that's just it like you can't
be fully invested in the game when
you're also holding a conversation yeah
that's why I didn't want to play
something like Shadow of the Colossus
Sunstream right that was peer pressure I
was me giving in to peer pressure and
you did great I thought that was a very
entertaining stream
what are you doing here why does she
think if she's moved on to leaf
Underpants tell me why the jacket I
think it let me I like the look of it
the why your your leaf lady who can grow
leaf Underpants go full leaf on my pants
yes she's Fonda she's fun she's fond of
the jacket it couldn't be cotton though
right yeah cuz that's all synthetic it's
either all synthetic or Sapir still but
she's like she's okay with everyone's
okay cool yeah but if you can't you
can't wear anything come boys an IV
fanservice yes yes this gets us boobs
the girl toxin has no effect on me
nature
oh no I do kind of like this it's
predictable as hell sure I knew it was
gonna happen hmm
I agree
yep this one you're coming with me
you'll need ask over here it is rich you
get to be a tank now yeah yeah I don't
think silk is warm truth it comes out of
warm they secrete it is it worm it's
that cool is it is it is it worm vomit
spider webs to plan that does that
specifically yeah swarm food that poop
it comes on would you call spiderweb
poop it comes out of if it comes out of
your button you're nuts
it's called poop you're nuts that's true
it comes out of the silk comes out of
silkworm spots
hey tank girl
those are suppressor bullets those won't
kill them at all now run them over
run them over fucking run and look fuck
run them over again fucking murder them
yes no those guys are fine they're still
alive they're fine
you're mushing them into the ground now
go to battle mode and fucking mushroom
harder oh those guys are pumped now
bullets that destroy tanks yeah no I was
gonna fine
those guys are fine they're just
unconscious I know I know we can
diminish the effects it's very soon oh
but it was stylistically infinite yeah
that's a reference to Star Trek episode
1 the Phantom
I'm okay with Batman murdering people
but maybe that's why I was looking
forward to the Red Hood bit a little bit
more so you can murder people you know
let me play Batman but murder people
that'd be fun why can the Batmobile
straight oh just taking taking because
it's a tank game yeah
hopper tank game because it's one of the
people who works at this gaming studio
has had this idea for a great tank game
but they couldn't make a new property
yeah they couldn't just make a tank game
and so that was their big idea and
somehow that's that's what got okay it
might be a decent tank game sure it's
just not Batman no no that I like the
tank moves fine the you you earn bonuses
oh yeah yeah no I hear you that there's
a dead body but right now I need to play
a VR video game to learn how my tank
works oh I'll look at your dead body
later okay I need to go check out this
hologram video game now yeah I know I
know people murdering everybody they're
making they're making chemicals
I need a donor rich you're doing it I
can tell they're not shooting back at
you Batman doesn't like guns Batman does
not less it's a tank but they're all
just drones right so it's okay you're
not actually shooting it do you think
that maybe like Commissioner George
Gordon lied about that
he's like okay okay police force come in
here come in here please force we're
gonna tell Batman that these are all
drones he won't fucking know he's not
gonna scan the tanks
it'll be fine and that way he'll kill
the tanks but we have to tell them that
their drones and poor dim-witted Batman
Oh what oh space vagrant just linked me
to just link to something I'm reading
I'm reading I'm reading official
announcements from WB games from the
arkham knight forms of WB games
dear Batman Arkham Knight PC owners this
is from the community we want to
apologize for those of you who are
experiencing performance issues with
Batman Arkham Knight on PC we take
positions very seriously and we have
therefore decided to suspend future game
sales of the PC version while we work to
address these issues to satisfy our
quality standards greatly value our
customers I know that while there are a
significant amount of players who are
enjoying the game on PC we want to do
whatever it takes whatever we can to
make the experience better for PC
players overall maybe you should've done
such a crappy job in the first place
the back they got like a third-rate
studio of blowing 12 people to the PC
port yeah well you know I made the dirt
cheap they thought in it
and of course it's rabid well they
thought they could get away with it yeah
yeah and they did so hey congratulations
to everyone who returned the game and
was vocal about the PC version was
deemed so garbage you did it
who knows if they're gonna fix anything
or if they're just gonna say yeah fuck
it we did I guess we just won't sell it
who knows tell your men they can resume
their with roles heard of that issue in
Batman all those tanks that was not a
landmark bring a knife that was a
hallmark issue right there I just I just
can't help but I hate this so much
you should it does not fit is it like it
doesn't even fit in the rest of the
Batman game is the thing you know Batman
Batman games are basically it's a
brawler with stealth elements right
that's what the Batman game is yeah this
does not fit in with that it's not just
about not fitting in with the Batman
universe it doesn't fit in with the rest
of the game
by July like a prisoner lockup
nope
have you guys had like has no one in
this world seen this Batmobile
I think it supposed to be new Wow the
one he had in the first game just
America yes also this really bothers me
because there is just a picture of
Barbara Gordon right there all those
cops are right there yeah Batman what
are you doing what are you talking to at
Barb's daughter for her what's what's
going on huh what's this about
but dude do you know Barbara Batman
that's weird that's weird that you would
know Barbara why are you talking to her
on that hollow wrist phone there's
speculation that they're going to do The
Killing Joke is DLC for this game I'm
Killing Joke series of missions yeah
well well that's the the first um the
first pack you could buy the season pass
you know yeah for Freddy fucking dollar
way Jesus Christ the first one is a
Batgirl prequel yeah so I don't know if
it'll be The Killing Joke but it will be
bad very well that's Mark Hamill tweeted
that he was working had to go to England
to work on something Rocksteady is in
England Joker just has to be in every
game who knows if it's going down and he
has seven the past he was only gonna do
the Joker again if he could voice him
for The Killing Joke
oh so the speculation is that they're
going to do Killing Joke DLC gotcha
that's fair speculation
nut dam bureaucrats we're on our own
we can handle it Junior what's the
latest what the fuck is he wearing it's
dropping they never noticed the side
waist belt holster furs dumb all right
is that how those holsters work that
particular version room I guess
apparently I've never seen one like over
a tie before this game is a killing joke
but the forensics voice and freaked out
they're real nasty awful we've had
several sightings of the Riddler
creeping around the train yard
knowing that guy I wonder how many
refunds steam has had to give out on
this game I'm sure look I know you're
busy if if it's so bad that they are
suspending ya money yeah like no no
we're not gonna take your money right
now it must be really bad
rich is failing Chris is failing oh I
guess that makes sense if you strapped
down his tie you don't have to animate
this guy yeah thinking that was so low
but they get away the cave I can't
imagine be that big a deal just another
thing to glitch just do some physics
yeah easier not to worry about the
physics of the tie clipping through
everything that girl wants to see you a
full house fine yep boom suck my shit
you're in jail right you're Jill I'm not
fuck off type in punch through bars
wait that's not how this game works no
Batman the text adventure cave
nothing like that dank
you stay behind
oh my person I just murdered you just
murder might have been they might have
been innocent for all I know you're
going way too fast to see anybody's face
oh my god
vandalizing the city oh gee oh god I do
love that flattening speaking of spinal
injuries no you know what if this was
just Grand Theft Auto Gotham City I
think I'd be more down you know is that
what more what Gotham City is is there
more of a sandbox element to Gotham City
kinda like spider-man two like
spider-man two had a good sandbox
element to it you know where you could
just fart around and rescue people if
you wanted yeah is that Arkham City
not sure yet not sure yet is that Arkham
City Oh Oh No
try to think I try to think of their
random encounters I don't think there
are many random things I mean they're
always groups with those you can just
jump down and shit on right I'll save
your crew anything every now and then
you gotta call the healthy PD officer to
pick you police sure I might be thinking
of origins I might be getting the two
confused
like I think you know have they because
they're basically the same game have
they done a good version of a game like
that were you just a hero and you like
can choose to fuck around or help people
or whatnot I'm sure they have
it wasn't there out Oh got the skin too
much ow fuck
do you need me to take over a little
better now they're saying we're gonna
get there
mr. shy smile is saying that Mark Hamill
had to go to UK cities motion-capture Oh
for the Joker yeah but it's confirmed
it's for the Joker well who knows I'm
getting a Tony okay
always
I just want to sit down I mean is that
too much to ask in life I want a chair
Oh God so much death and destruction
Batman was it worth it
oh you said for star citizen mr. Chow's
mom he he did we have to go to the UK
for star citizen to demotion okay okay
okay sorry mr. shy smile I have read
your comment I read half your comment
rich is going to see a doctor he's gonna
call for an appointment yes the
Batmobile is 100% invulnerable the
Batmobile cannot be hurt unless it's by
other tank fire or if it falls into
water you lose does that work for him
yeah okay which is better now you don't
want to know what he's doing I'm just
lying down basically he's lying down
basically you know what rich is a good
friend of mine I'm not gonna give him a
leg massage I'm not gonna think we
should run through the ground rules for
tonight you will address me at all times
Bob Riddler or mr. nygma sir
otherwise detective I expect your
patented brand of surely silence I'll
roll the second all gauntlets called
integrated microphones and other
communications devices that beam or
otherwise are switched off the prior to
the start of the test this mall I'm down
rich is lying down right now let's put
that eagle
would I give another man a foot massage
I mean really depends on the
circumstances
have you done this yet
can that ramshackle motor
doing this on my side this has been
really weird actually very impressive
for doing this sideways
nice why is this under Gotham really
good question Mario Mario because it's
Batman and that kind of stuff can happen
to that man I think I think it says
later that they'll say I need the extra
speed nygma says later that it's like
underground water
you can hear it
Jackie Kennedy wore look you're gonna
have to walk you set the drive
someone had a great idea for a tank game
Yeah right like oh yeah that's all this
stuff is just like we don't need a car
whoa
now pay attention detective go Leto
well the CGT lever there are
consequences we're down here if you
notice the timer doesn't stop and so
like you sure you start off you know you
you start back right there but rich is
on a timer
you might do it no no I'm not gonna do
all right
come on
yeah oh my god we could we could turn
with CB sideways
your entourage right right inside oh my
god yeah I'll just finish this you lay
down and stretch your back and I'll
finish this up and at least guinness
Elias get us can you restart huh
can you restart I cost you a lot of time
there
oh sure I'm with you restart I also
really dislike this and like of a recap
dialog moments yeah why that's fine yeah
I mean you know me
finishing each before the time limit
expired
detective
yes it is a grotesque PWR thank you
thank you enigma you're right you're
right
detective I know I know settle down whoa
whoa
read this like a fucking sports car you
don't even know what that's like a
ramshackle then you just said yes okay
you take it falsely yep obviously not I
need you to speak
ah I haven't fallen yet nobody here
comes oh crap afterburners don't forget
that's right that's right
I can do this I can do this I can do
this
well I made it it's fine right cuz
everything's fine
that's fine hahaha that makes no sense
nope but it's fun
it doesn't need to make sense rich it
just needs to be fun
yeah yeah I don't know anything else
okay I'm a dank motherfucker
I think motherfucker
I do like just driving around as tank oh
look at that when you're as a thank your
wheels don't move is that just a weird
shadow thing oh they're moving up hey
hey that ain't fine
your imagination here's like the real
thing
I know I know listen I get nygma's
things his ego is is more important than
like stopping the Batman right but he
has convinced Batman to go down a giant
elevator shaft mm-hmm right uh-huh
hundreds of feet underneath the city
mm-hmm
you could just collapse the elevator
shaft mm-hmm Batman would never ever get
out mm-hmm I'm not saying that's a
better plan well kind of this well that
my plan would kill the Batman
part oh wow okay take out all these
support beams think think beeping pardon
me Wayne remodeling little support beams
made up yes look at all this weight
Alice collapse do you take out
everything that the more collapse
that's what I'm trying to just be
floating there in space
let's connect into the same place
alright number what's it all connected
to though lying even think that be
enough to at least like yeah what's over
here let's see we've oh oh this stuff
you can't not guys ok I feel like that
oh my god tree uh got here tree oh
that's so depressing what do you think I
wonder if there's like a poison ivy
related achievement to destroy all of
the trees oh sure
find all the trees knock them down
Oh what's this can't do anything yet
okay all right I'll stop fucking around
now fuck Ryan are you on
that's my mother shit I'll get no fucks
with look at how invulnerable what the
fuck
Batman's car concrete pillars yeah nope
yep right through concrete pillars
that's fine like a tank wouldn't be able
to do that this is just how I Drive Oh
Oh think that stopping Oh
oh that's a jump oh we got to go off the
jump
excuse me excuse me oh oh no oh oh
anymore after day ol little fail oh
here's another one ready oh that was a
jump let's just say incline now wow it's
a jump now oh that's odd
you know every time I see it just gets
worse and worse
I feel like now all I do is why all I
want to see is like how much I can
destroy what can I destroy can I destroy
that train no because it's so much
property damage just let the girls do
what they want
oh no that's kinda what you're sleeping
in office you home
people murder and electrocute them yep
I'm not coming out to have this fucking
around man
that's great I'm you know I just wanted
oh there we go
I just like to see what I can get away
with in games anyway apparently anything
just turn on the afterburners fuck
burner man yay murder hope there wasn't
a homeless man in that pile of trash
killing people yay
what's down here
which what is going on
Wow hey hey
oh I missed I missed there's like a tub
it's like a tunnel system there
there we go
Oh
anything down here anything down here
what's this oh I can't touch it yet
what's this I can't punch it rich I
don't try to drive in like a black jar I
think this thing eventually you get a um
you get a winch oh and you're a pretty
Batmobile all right boylar and learn so
I think it's like pulling that with your
winch yeah let's go this way
murder simulator get out your dick get
out of here dick dick
killing more people than I usually do on
a grand theft auto huh oh man I am down
here Oh right through that oh yeah
Oh we've been here before you usually
don't kill this many people on Grand
Theft Auto yeah really
I suppose in Grand Theft Auto those
consequences
I like grinding fast and not hitting
things yeah yeah Oh
I hope I don't mess up your murder
investigation
you could show people the new scanner
just kind of me a new scanner yeah have
you done this yeah unless you have to
specifically start investigating this
crime and the mission's thing I don't
know I think it's like you're here and
the mutilated body cashmere this was one
of this is one of the side missions
right yeah yeah you know what this by
the way this gave me some hope for the
game because you actually did detective
work yeah it was neat they all try and
they never quite get it right real the
cause of death is being a detective yeah
yeah leading to cardia yeah yeah it's
always do the next thing you're supposed
to do yeah
that's not all it's as though the
subjects DNA has been good is there any
sort of limitations when you have a
projector as far as like color versus
black and white is the body for
distinguishing features is it weird that
is in black and white identity yeah I
didn't really think about that before
like it's weird that he's projecting
unto error okay I mean you know what
that's true yeah yeah what's that light
shining upon and once again by the way
like what if there was just a random
person over here it's like Batman who is
that guy you're talking to he looks like
Bruce Wayne's Butler just looks a lot
like Bruce Wayne's Butler you know maybe
he can only see that with the color
maybe no no oh sure but then why hold up
your arm so he can doesn't he's got the
colt yeah but then it wouldn't be
projected anywhere in the cowl I don't
know I'm just trying I'm trying so
here's the new deep tissue scanner see
bones and see like tendons right yeah
skin and I'm gonna look at his dick
of course you are we're gonna look at
his day oh of course you are you know
you know you call this checkup the
Treasure Trail caught the traders trail
boys group suddenly something covers
this up it's gonna happen it's nothing
that's just weird that's weird
it is weird they probably shouldn't
bother having the skin scanner I don't
know he's got a big bone
the victim had a hip replacement scar
tissue hasn't fully healed so it must
have been recent do you like being a
detective
it's crazy it's like you're being it's
like you're being a detective oh no go
back I like that
a wedding ring in the lower intestine
the inscription reads aphelion punch his
nan dick he doesn't have a dick I can't
punch him in the dick and yeah deformity
on the left ear looks like a result of a
minor ear a Genesis it looks like he has
a wax ear look for people who like to
wear wax ears mr. Potato Head mrs.
Potato Head the entire potato head
Albuquerque New Mexico what's unusual is
that they didn't go missing in Gotham
they were brought here and killed and
big bunch
see I can't punch him in the dick you
know why no dick good job no dead good
job punch him in his dick a corpse nice
dick not I'm out of here
i'm bevvan
sweet flipped
what is wrong with you me what was wrong
with you I mean so many things nice
crime scene
I just like the idea of Batman being
total hats off he kind of is already
even isn't he yeah if there's any place
in that place guy you sure yeah blowed
up okay I want to check first I wanna
see if I'm gonna kill anybody
I'm gonna say no oh well still gonna
blow it up use some blow of cars and
people in them we've seen it already and
the night Batman why are you blowing up
a police cuz I thought it's cool
have you seen my tank thing I gotta
sweep 360s in it going up a hill what
money Batman my there's only so many
millionaires in Gotham in fact that
looks really oh oh here this for you can
this for you can knock that oh oh my god
oh that is that must be it pump up slot
related palm trees what is up with this
palm tree oh no just from that angle I
couldn't weird that's very weird
this is the game for me that knocking
shit knocking shit over like I don't
want to get
you did great
I do 360 don't act like you're not
impressed
I can't reach the mic fortunately I
don't know if anybody's even hearing me
at this point I don't know if you guys
hear rich whatever
ramp go excuse me alright hi
it's not fucking around what are we
doing now for real we did that did that
I think story mission oh we got to do
the story mission all right all right
let's do this story missions
excuse me okay oh it's killers yes good
I can't kill him
there we go dead
dad fucking doubt even better alright
cuz people survive car crashes and
explosions all the time all the time all
the time
nope go up go up
not that up fuck okay turn it around I'm
Batman
oh all right fuck it there we go i'm
bevvan crazy man I'm Batman
crazy crazy man in my defense Batman is
a crazy man excited
though it is innate if you ever had
criminals just walk up to the Batmobile
while you weren't in it no you could you
can you can taste them Bill's got like a
Taser oh really yeah oh that's funny Oh
have you not been here you know oh just
right where I left off
oh I did those other side quests you did
yeah and I had walked in this building
it was like the next thing I could do
sure
No oh they can do the classic they
better kind of
a little bit a little bit of new all
right
Oh cinematic yes make the camera spin
around me the very ghosts yeah beep beep
got a guy check my Twitter feed hashtag
Gotham sucks
I'm totally you've managed to reduce the
compound to its core elements but
there's nothing in there that we can
trace what have we been looking at this
the wrong way instead of searching what
if we have been what if we focus on the
manufacturing process does our LM still
make videos nope we've moved into the
smoked meats business smoked and cured
ham we don't have salami pepperoni
fontina cheese we have recently filmed
the best of the worst where I was it was
internally screaming screaming in agony
the whole time yeah you're great yeah I
know I did but internally internally
reaming an agony yep that was a good
episode we just did that and you guys
did another month
I wasn't paying attention I was supposed
to be doing yes great they'll be a thing
great they'll be a thing Oh Jim yeah
we've got a way to find out where cranes
working from thank God what can I do get
your men ready soon as we've got a
location I'll let you know all right
oh my god no shell love lob what yeah
probably many sure all the attention
we've been paying do it
nope where is the Arkham City area that
just died
let's go down there no you don't care
not even a little bit I like that I like
doing this wheel keep going really it's
a much cooler way of getting around and
it it is so much more fun just gliding
around the city that's weird
well sure nothing ever happens here with
a camera what kind of porno are they
making over here like this is an old
movie studio but you wouldn't just leave
a camera out something probably happens
not anymore
oh no you broke the camera how am I
going again this way you're you just
turn around yeah I'm following the face
oh you are oh my god what oh come along
I'm following the thing
down there let's go
hey nice wall not anymore
I just broke it yeah where's my flex
button okay what do we have we're we're
six points we have six points we can we
can special combo Batarang that's pretty
sick time your next strike perfectly
definitely not doing that cuz I can't do
that these are like a canvas these are
different combos I think these are the
combos you already have that tap are too
to slide while running is that real real
thing you can do
I mean I'm gonna assume we okay we this
way sorry I get distracted easily mmm
Batman
oh that's right I remember this I've
already played this section I know what
I'm doing now cuz he's super strong he's
sick a strong man is the power we are
all Batman this is symbolism we are
Batman yeah like the wings for the
mobile we are all super suit nope later
yep that's later yet a lot later yet I'm
trying to remember if you get it before
or after the first like mission mission
I think you get it after the first one I
think we go on like a home mission
okay first I forget though which tells
you a lot your gums
this is a lot about your attention span
yeah you know no it's you know you get
the suits and the suit you know gives
you a couple moves but it doesn't I
played I played a lot I don't know do
you get the suit sometimes you know all
this money Batman spends I'm like
crime-fighting magic Jets yeah take cars
yo how much cancer could he have cured
homeware how much cancer I can only
assume he also gives the cancer research
all of the cancer or some of the cancer
probably some of the cancer okay you
know he said he's a gajillion air so I
can only assume he also like he has a
hospital named after my so he gave money
the hospital please don't hurt your
indestructible tank
sorry for spoiling your puzzles where it
it's a point giving everything you know
go back
that's pretty obvious really yeah
whoa whoa whoa settle down
fucking tanked the couldn't Batman of
climbed up here he needs to get the car
up here why it's a power thing maybe if
you pay attention to the cutscenes
yes Kennedy excuse me
you do do you just no regard property I
didn't even need to knock they see down
the 60s Adam West's Batman would not
approve no I know nor would I want him
to I'm Batman motherfucker excuse me oh
what's neat yeah again sorry for
spoiling these pills at sea but I figure
there early enough on where
doo doo doo doo doo and boxes that's a
great take girl game this is a great
tank girl game who owns the rights to
tank girl can we make that happen again
remember tank girl nobody does they
should it think girl is fun I hear go
but by the way here's something amazing
there's a little revenge in game that
you need to buy
here's a fun thing about the Batman game
that happens right now your your car
needs to stay here to continue giving
this thing power okay so you have to
ditch your car oh yeah because like
that's when I learned I could just glide
around a gym I was like oh my god
gliding around and shit is so much
better so much better than any I've got
this under control
what the boy blunder all right now I
need to go to another thing
didn't the meetings of that may be ish
how justified is he in his murdering of
everyone is your justified he's zero
justifies okay look at that look how
great that is I believe when we last see
the Scarecrow he's unconscious but
there's no indication that he wouldn't
die lady was left for dead sure
scarecrows man regarding the antenna I
need to evaluate the threat or plan my
attack
garrets yeah anything well this man will
make it through a little bit more I want
to see if we can get to if we can get to
a big story moment yeah together to get
a big rich reaction oh five soldiers all
armed if I alert them they'll kill the
hostage and need to reach a vantage
point to draw them outside
I probably shouldn't grapple from in
here can you know oh oh you know what
happens now yeah okay I remember this I
remember this I know what happens now
swing between vantage points if I can
separate them they'll be easier to take
down it's like better hang
supposin you know what happens not of
course well no what happened to that
great you shouldn't see that
why shouldn't he look great oh oh I did
I did do that they see grits now which
is great what he's doing great and look
great oh because that would be a great
idea
rich you're encouraged about this guy
over here what I wouldn't do for like a
shitload of painkillers you know huh
hostage did no no mm shot skeet a
soldier's inside you think safe they
stick together you didn't lose that much
hell do you got shot a number of time oh
this is like the first you know just
I've got a hostage situation I did that
much better on my own
the first time I think I actually I was
like super Sneaky all the time oh it is
it is rich the new bandages oh this is
when we get it right here
so by the way stealth is really
important to Batman right yeah so like
do you think it would be a good idea to
make any sort of loud noise no like even
you have to be careful with footsteps
right so like no loud noises right right
okay great
nothing to alert them of our presence
nothing at all
I know what happens I've seen what the
version of this in City long brush they
didn't hear that though it's fine it
didn't do it the middle of a stealth
section of course but they did that in
the city but I'm saying they are right
there yeah they're right there and they
heard that they heard that little
Batarang they heard the little battering
didn't feel the vibration caused by this
mess of a thing right I've only seen her
in other videos I need to see how bad
this looks
and
person here comes look at those ugly abs
well no ugly that looks bad dude tell me
this do you bleed
where is not the worst and they're
selling it like I'm supposed to be
excited about this yeah that's what's
annoying news suit porn but with the new
suit what we get is a new a new thingy
here every gunman one hostage time to
put this suit to the test what thingy
you'll see
and close-order have to go here
Oh
you'll see a new suit is faster and more
mobile by getting close without being
detected
here let me help you take that in the
panic take down all three before they
know what hit them take down she was on
your target press the button take down
choose a new target
Wow it seems like that would make the
game way too easy yeah you know you can
only you can only use it if you're in
stealth it hasn't that's a great suit is
that a poly poly or fiber what's gonna
be I know
so another question is can we change out
of the suit taking the last game you
couldn't the Batcave
no sure but I don't remember if you
could during the main story if you had
to wait till after the story or new game
plus I don't remember that oh don't
worry about don't I'm not okay but now
come on open door okay
shouldn't every footstep be makes me
claw whomp right
Oracle oh it's in color now Oh God oh my
god I didn't even notice that before oh
Jesus
yeah he got you got a better projector
in the surgeon top-of-the-line projector
time to find scare girl oh good I
thought I once again like the gut it
looks like the card worked out but like
that guards just there he hurt Barbara
right what are you doing talking to
Barbara I'm suing he's got an earpiece
in this gotta find scarecrow out both
antennas to identify the micro and radio
wave frequencies across Gotham oh great
if I can find both frequencies at the
same location I'll know where scarecrow
is manufacturing his toxin
great oh all right this is this is game
now by the way oh it's kind of neat
together together
no no so they're manufacturing some sort
of chemical like toxin right mm-hmm yeah
wonder if there's any sort of place that
that could happen in Gotham City
we already know this a chemical why
toxin frequencies point to ace chemicals
we already knew we already knew just get
mad those mine it's fine that was my
joke rich that's all I got that was my
dough where it's like game that's an
anti reveals what that is yeah every
more check babe it's not a cynical what
what
look at that now super glide see that
grapple boost see it again
true did that before it was just more
speed yeah oh yeah you go down faster I
know I could drive my car over here by
the way everybody I know it cuz I don't
want to I want to glide I'm fucking
Batman I want to be spider-man I don't
think it acts very much like spider-man
huh spider-man doesn't glide no he
doesn't like yank himself for the spring
action Reese wings
that's not swinging oh no it's different
it's just like this is how I want to
travel though should be how you want to
travel that's neat
oh look at that you don't do much of the
the diving then coming back up though
you you kind of like gain a little bit
go do it just go to no yep hold r2
you're going to a full-on dive and then
you then you pull up oh okay rich you
made me lose my glide oh look how
miserable Gordon Lux I think they do
nailed him lift just like just like fuck
mile I'm sick of this shit guys it's
gonna be no please putting a Gotham an
honest policeman has to be like the
worst job right
what who is this now what kind of super
whatnot are we fighting tell your secret
shit
there's always stuck with shit let
Batman deal with this I just want a book
I'm bugger
can i book a mugger are there any
muggers a gun yeah guys here is I don't
know if you're having problems in it is
there's the those that got the Arkham
Knight they got the mark of night
I'm curious oh it's gonna be now yeah
yeah me too
I do I think we should get if if you can
I don't know how far you can make it
this yeah if we can get to the end of
this section ah there's a there's a
story yours thing and so I think that's
that should be our goal for tonight I'll
go cuz I'm gonna replay all of this shit
that's true but we could get your
reaction to it alright alright
what do you got in there I have no idea
how much if we got we got a while yeah
no I don't know what times it no well
then we should stop what time is it it
is 10 o'clock we've been screaming since
6:30 I'm happy with that you're happy
with that I want to go take out a nice
really fucking hot bath okay you saw the
new suit yeah I saw the new suit doesn't
look as bad as everything I've seen
before like in person but I still don't
like it yeah as much as a cloth normal
that suit you know like I think they
exaggerated the Ironman aspects of it
for like the trailers and whatnot oh
nice codpiece
really you know it's it's what you know
that is that is a that's a gentlemanly
bulge it's enough to know that there's
something there but he's not showing off
that that's what you're looking at you
know you don't want it you don't want
looking at let's show it off
look at that sticks out just a little
bit just kissing those thumbs there I
don't like the idea of Batman's have
been made out of shiny metal pieces yeah
yeah I know I really dislike the chest
piece yeah like how you can see like
little servos in there no yeah yeah and
like the neck look at all this whooping
on the neck I hate the shoulder pads I
hate the back of the neck yeah yeah
really hate the back of the neck hmm
think I can punch Gordon no don't worry
can you use explosive gel by his feet
going to your weapons menu down on the
d-pad I think
just surround them with it this is
totally not going to work but hey Garden
good I can't leave you three to that
good good good what the fuck is that
what the fuck just happened Batman what
was that I don't know Gordon I want to
get I need to get closer to him there we
go
look at right at his feet you stuffed
men James Gordon
he's Splosion proof if I can get it like
right over here I think there we go look
at that oh my god he's surrounding
that's a perfect surrounding Gordon
Gordon
say hi to your daughter for me dick dick
dick he he lost a lot of muscles since
Asylum yeah yeah oh yeah you know what
he was a little beefy he was even
beefcake gone in asylum he's beaten down
here I don't want to be a fucking cop
anymore
you know what I want to do I want to be
a farmer I'm moving to Smallville I'm
out of here
gonna be a farmer his voice is different
too yeah I think did they change
Oracle's voice or shame I electric voice
Kimberley Brooks okay yeah she's fine
you okay I like scarecrows old ways
better I guess they wanted something
more menacing yeah well this whole
scarecrow thing you know this is like
Megan this is mega scarecrow right here
oh yeah you know whoa
go and look into my eyes good good I'm
Bruce Wayne I need to tell you this I
love you
no one's me well kiss your lips
oh good good alright we're gonna yeah
we're gonna stop for you thinks you're
nuts huh you think you're not you
alright you drive in a tank and you wear
a bat suit you are nuts
it's true this is just like it's true
Gordon's just thinking like is it your
back will go bad you what's behind you
yeah how did I get there how did my
Batmobile get here a fucking thing it
just won't go away I didn't call you I
didn't call you look at how ugly this is
look at how fucking ugly this is I
really just like the look of this
Batmobile I like I just like the look of
your robo neck
I'm leaving they need to stop stirring
now if I leave these chemicals scarecrow
will unleashes toxin across the whole of
Gotham yep fuck Gotham I'm a millionaire
I'm gonna buy Smallville all right okay
we're done true yeah we're done good
night everybody good night everyone
sorry we weren't paying attention to
subscribers today but if you subscribe
today thank you so much we really do
appreciate it thank you to all the new
subscribers all the old subscribers and
everyone else who just came out to see
us play a little batman be disappointed
by dlc and uh and we'll see if I'm still
going through this shit next time we
stream yeah cuz geez crane him it's been
since since like Saturday really I was
okay Friday the day after yeah Saturday
it came on wasn't that bad Saturday then
Sunday was like oh Jesus fuck I want to
die uh-huh and then Monday was like oh
Jesus fuck I want to die uh-huh then
Tuesday through morning through every
