Dec 2, 2015
Undertale
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/34643754
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/34644070
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/34644198
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/34644468
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PVKfjaJ4-o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52VgNw1eJYw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEAQH7skqvo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Z9tVbIiDEk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/672140691213037572

[Part I]
per day I don't know it's the day is the
day of happiness it's not the night
therefore is the day I have whatever
close night it's nighttime
I'm just talking to hear my own voice
that's all I'm really doing I've been
there I've been there it's a good place
to be I know I don't even like the sound
of my own voice and these I don't
remember reading these yeah it's fine I
can remember
okay okay right that's that's what you
guys determination I think that's a
thing from the game I'm being filled
with determination I'm being filled with
determination all right people kept
tweeting that to us and I so I think
that's a I think that's something from
the game I think that's an all right
site of such a friendly town unless you
have a determination there it is we are
filled with determination all right
happy rich that's a fancy shirt for
someone who does not like Star Wars I
like Star Wars I just don't love Star
Wars people need to learn there's not
only extremes sake there is only black
and like sake right I like the original
movies haven't cared much for any of the
expanded universe zippered couple games
I have this shirt from when we did they
actually got this for the the prediction
video I think I had it so I just threw
it on no no no apparently because I just
threw this on yeah I'm a hypocrite I'm a
fucking hypocrite Jack because I wore a
star wars t-shirt
I thought internet video where someone
was proclaiming that they fucking loved
Star Wars III don't know who that was
because they were wearing a Darth Vader
helmet you could not see their face
which i think is important a sting shit
oh he's she's got a kid
above your max oh I can't wait I did not
see your Star Wars prediction video
because I know I know you're just
guessing but just in case you're right I
don't want to like watch the movie and
then like have your guesses start
creeping in I want to go in so I'm gonna
what I'm gonna watch it after I see you
stop think I think anything we're
guessing though is just common sense and
you'd have to not watch the trailer oh
my god oh my god I found a warp I don't
know what are we doing Jack what is our
goal
what happened where did we leave off
would you believe me if I told you I
don't remember did we remember we just
got to this town no and I made you read
that conical dialogue in that weird
voice sure I remember that great I have
what do you want jackass lady over there
fella know how to disturb me
oh look at that looks like a sexy rabbit
lady are you referring that's what a
fooi she's right she's kind of curvy
that that explains but you're always
talking about my little pony off camera
nothing Jack doesn't talk about my
little pony off camera I just think that
Jack talks about how sexy farm animals
are I just think that Twilight Sparkle
is a really important character to
children everywhere because she believes
in the power of magic is it my little
cinnamon just the cutest bun buns are so
adorable I thought you're saying I'm
from my little pony oh I have no idea
what lines from my little pony even are
I didn't know you're talking about her
oh look it's Christmastime awful teens
tormented a local monster by decorating
its tree like horns okay well there you
go so that's a monster horn and they're
awful teens
no no that's not a monster horn so we
started given that monster presence to
make it feel better
yeah now what's the tradition to put
presents underneath a decorated tree
okay okay great I thought that was a
severed monster horn I don't know what's
going on spooky Dookie thank you for
subscribing
we've had more subscribers you can't
just start there we have a whole title I
didn't hear him let me get let me go I
gotta get the torch up now
sometimes I try to get them as they come
up so you know we had a whole thing here
rich we can we in vary it up whatever
the fuck we want
Kay's 87 one-year-anniversary skeletal
snowballs Oh bother
Chatham Freud Chatham Freud ax shanem
Freud ah that's why I said shad him
Freud he had at the Freud oh not Freud
shot on Freud has a word to German word
right it means joy and someone else's
misery sour
this is Shaddam Freud Oh yep I get it
bill Tetley eight teen months in a row
and spooky Dookie again actually you
like that name do you want to say spooky
- spooky Dookie thank you for
subscribing
I really appreciate it's true we really
do under under under under fail under
tail it's you know it's a game we're
playing him what do you say what do you
have to say for yourself yeah you're a
kid too right yeah I can't tell I could
tell because you were in a striped shirt
yo he's from the hood yeah well yeah
look he's been beat up for his lunch
money because he owed too many he owed
too many hoes too many bros favors you
know like we say boy or girl was that a
bow or is that after that bullies also
stick like glass in his head I think I
think that's a I think that's a boy and
I think that's a haircut okay that's
what I'm gonna what I saw I saw a
haircut okay
the stone doesn't have a mirror really
but if there's ever a problem
a skeleton will tell a fish lady about
it that's politics gril bees oh my God
look at those look at those hatchet dogs
oh look at this thing with the mouth I
kind of love it here oh is that a dead
rabbit hey that's a dog we talked to
before it no that's not a dead lemon
it's a drill over down there it's a
drunk rat drunk rabbit drunk rabbit that
Matt oh that's a many same people help
out on the drinks hot guys there you go
yeah we'd fought that typical Saturday
night looking for new drinks and the
hack guys who do we talk to next sorry
about grill B's oh these are guys we
fought before I think yeah for centuries
but we never get any respect
skeletons would throw us a bone I don't
think yes bites calories show off my
person oh this is a new one hey Mike
it's Mike color to shut my personality
it makes stamen like attach at least to
me take me for a walk please that was
kind of perfect yeah it was perfect I
felt pretty good nope he doesn't thought
you just go spraying all right well
thanks prying the sight of you gives
that dog in erection it's playing poker
against itself it appears to be losing
wow these are the jokes people these are
the jokes these are the jokes peasant
Killman folk different from Monster fold
those things like spoiled and when you
eat it passes all the way through your
body disgusting absolutely disgusting
I'd love to try it sometime cuz I'm a
disgusting monster he's a kind of a
disgusting monster gobblers getting
pretty crowded so they're going to start
moving here I want to see the ratio
about the whole culture that's why the
donkey Devon didn't do one I see some
city stickers slipping to that but you
want to slip in you want to slip into
some city slicker slip into some city's
butts down onto their boats yeah I know
I know that dogs are part of the Royal
Guard the elite military group led by
Undine she's rude loud and beats up
everybody who gets in her way
it's no wonder all the kids want to be
like her when they grow up okay yes I
put out a line for some good I put out a
line for some girls today someone told
me that they had plenty of fish in the
sea
the line was cocaine they took it his
grave I'm taking that seriously I'm
literally gonna make out with a goddamn
fish I'm gonna slit it open and shove my
dick in wait is that a fish kinda has a
fish chicken man I think that's a fish
let's take a man who likes fish it's a
fish I'm just gonna no no I'm gonna
pretend it's a chicken man who likes
fish okay why not they'll slit him open
when they're alive they move around they
wiggle on your cock trying to get back
into the sea only thing that's gonna get
into them with a sea is my semen right
into their there their lungs the guilt
in it like thank you there you go
yeah okay yeah it was how does fireman
talk cuz I have no idea I hope he's got
a ton of dialogue with that voice oh you
what the fuck out huh fire oh my god the
scarf mouth Shaw is adorable shouldn't
they would join them bananas made me
funny
oh we all know the Underground has
problems bubbly smile anyway he's a
demon yeah yeah we can't do anything so
I be morose about it are you going to
get me gadget it's like what that's the
demon voice I got you know that's what
this is a great demon awesome this is a
great great demon voice great the
library welcome to the library
yes we know this line is this bill
working in the newspaper this summer the
report that we just filled with comics
and games what my own brand or a
rhinoceros
I'm rhinoceros Brando oh when I was
younger my teachers gave me words such
as when they run out of assignments I
thought they were a waste of time but
look at me now I'm the number one wizard
create an entire underground
Shh we have to be others ever have to be
quiet
that's my quote Kowski ever say look in
your eyes there's someone that has
trouble doing crosswords I love love
hope of compassion this is what people
say monsters souls are made of oh but
the absolute nature of soul is unknown
after all humans have proven their souls
don't need those things to exist monster
history platform was skipping ahead
writer and the humans no longer let me
let me I'm gonna go to one shut up shut
up monster history for I'm ahead of the
game I'm too far ahead of the game what
oh my god there's so much dialogue news
no I I ain't said on they went through
it again Jesus Jesus oh no comeback
scene yes daredevil is good he's so
great so you should watch it also
jessica jones is very good that that npc
is literally named mike mckowski in the
files oh that's funny
carry Lasher testing the tip jar wanted
to say GMP
starring young rich Evans was one of the
most disturbing and interesting examples
of schizophrenia type whatever I've ever
seen was entertained okay that's before
red letter media wouldn't wear on high
school man my call will be did GMP oh
okay
GMP pictures no they go what did the P
stand for stuff pictures like DC Comics
it was like DC Comics you did that
purposefully I didn't you know what my
kid started a little bit before me okay
so I didn't name it
no I didn't name it well there you go
they go must is a report on monster
funerals Jack monster funerals John why
are we reading monster few this was
technically speaking or cool as heck
when monsters get old and kicked the
bucket they turn into dust at funerals
we take that dust and spread it on that
person's favorite thing then their
essence will live on in that
I'm at the page minimum yet and my other
page minimum had I'm kind of sick of
writing this funny did you did you see
the video of the Jar Jar is that there
is this I don't give a shit it also I
have not cuz it's not gonna be charged I
was not going to be a Sith Lord no he's
not going to be a Sith Lord it's really
good well I cuz I know this hold right
like if people are talking about it yeah
I know this whole Jar Jar is a Sith Lord
thing has been like circulating online
for a while now but someone finally put
it in video form which means that I
could you know just listen get out
instead of read yeah it's really funny
and very and apparently it could be
accurate according to the guy who played
Jar Jar and some like cryptic tweets
from Lucasfilm people mm-hmm is this
George Lucas's original treatment this
is what he's all upset about this is
what he's all set about so drawer drawer
was an essential part of my soap opera
plans Jar Jar needs to work he's a more
ambitious carry right I like all that
right but well here you know the the
biggest piece of argument the biggest
argument for Jar Jar being the Sith Lord
that I took away from the video was that
the whole prequels were supposed to
theme with the original vision was a
rhyme right no and I care so little
about all of this it's amazing in the
original movies we had Yoda who was our
when we first met Yoda
he was seemingly like a weirdo goofball
you would never expect him to be a Jedi
Loren right and so then the mirroring in
Jar Jar being the weirdo goofball you'd
never expect him to be in a Sith Lord
you know what you're giving George Lucas
too much credit bets you really think
that man thought that far abyss yes
yes because what else does he do with
his day what else does that man do with
his job he writes he writes star wars
fan fiction unfortunately he also gets
to produce star wars fan fiction but he
can only do fan fiction now alright
while monsters are mostly made of magic
human beings are mostly made of water
humans with their physical forms are far
stronger than us but they will never
know the joy of expressing themselves
through magic they'll never get a bullet
pattern birthday card what your am write
in this book person comes in and picks
up the book instead read it oh sorry
I'm still writing that one what what
because they're made of magic monsters
bodies that would do to this soon the
monster doesn't want to fight its
defenses will weaken and the grille of
the intentions of our enemies the mother
and Tex will hit us that for the being
with a powerful soul struck with the
desire to kill but then the chapter here
monster history part 4 during the humans
no longer we moved out of our old city
home we braved harsh cold damp swampland
and searing heat until we reached what
we now call our capital new home again
our king is really bad at names yeah
I'll bet you crap
that's good Zella bunch of crap let's
get going to the good stuff again it's a
fucking mailbox gotta fight the monsters
mailbox overflowing with unread junk
mail
it's locked we're never gonna have to go
in there
never never never don't fuck with that
flower man why not
it's locked from the inside okay let's
go
oh my god oh it's freezing oh oh
something's happening a little cutscene
oh my god
Oh No it looks like your bone man she'll
burn allow me to tell you about some
complex feelings I think there's not
papyrus I think so that's close enough
feelings lack the joy of finding another
pasta lover and admiration for another's
puzzle solving skills what would you do
buddy
the desire to have a cool smart person
think that you are cool as well these
feelings they must be what you are
feeling right now I can hardly imagine
what it must be like to feel that way
Oh donkey after all I am very great I
don't ever wonder what happened lots of
friends is luck I pity you lonely human
why not you shall be lonely no longer oh
don't I the great papyrus will be yo dot
dot dot wait for it no no this is all
wrong I can't be your friend
you are human I must capture you then I
can't fulfill my lifelong dream
powerful popular prestigious that's
papyrus the newest member of a royal god
the RO God also a rogue on his boat
oh my god we gotta fight papyrus shit
dog all right
I forgot what everything does great oh
no you don't want to fight him oh so you
won't fight then let's see if you can
handle my fave bull blue attack
and I gotta move the heart
no not for blue not for blue yeah oh
look I'm fightin oh great oh oh you're
blue now that's my tack silly human I
got you you don't block oh you're good
you don't block blue attacks who stand
still okay okay what are we doing check
its act to defense he likes to say yeah
yeah okay oh shit yeah ah
Pyrus is preparing a bone attack sounds
terrible right
is preparing a bone attack huh okay how
are we doing this how doing this insult
or flirt or what try flirting you want
to flirt all right no oh he's too busy
fighting this flirt back let's date
later after I capture you mm-hmm take
you out to a nice pasta dinner I'll get
you the red sauce I'm going cream-based
camera flirt again that's slide well
we'll keep flirting too busy fighting to
flirt back
how high can you jump that not high
enough not high enough this is bad I
like watching you jump let's talk about
that Vina yeah
Oh God oh look Pius is trying too hard
to play it cool maybe you need an item
yeah no shit okay no shit yeah
what's what heels I forgotten everything
about this game that wasn't it no no
wasn't it hold up longer to jump higher
yeah yeah nice all right nice
or Pyrus is considering his options
oh you got a flirt again but what he'll
do I have anything that bandaged by his
bandage he'll they'll say bicycle
bicycle by cycle you eat one half of the
bycicle hey you anger jack thank you
yeah
you don't make me use my special attack
it's cold it's called a dozen roses yeah
in your office so oh you are you cold
work oh god I don't love this it smells
like bones what I mean I said keep
flirting
nothing is having any effect effect Jack
I could almost taste my future
popularity looks like that cream bags
pasta I was talking about maybe giving
up grilled chicken on it
oh fuck this somebody gonna try you can
try it oh it's right taking more
bicycles how do i where they have to be
unicycle that's fine great oh fuck oh
fuck
prepares prepares an on bone attack and
then spends a minute minute fixing his
mistake I am Keith David will you give
each other a hug for $3.50 keep up the
good work I can do without getting up
and I'm not getting a like a manly hug
like a like a you know like that was
like a burp looks like a bro hug I
thought okay did you try flirting again
yeah what do you want - what do you want
do you tell me what do you want he keeps
trying to play a go I don't know maybe
maybe toss an insult his way see what
happens is he fighting to accept your
insults Oh Don will be really proud of
me hmm
gosh fuck
get pretty good this how to play cool I
mean really your only option is to flirt
more alright busy fighting back the King
will trim a hedge in the shape of my
smile whoo doggie whoo doggies go be
beep
I just got caps mother will you pious is
cackling yeah I guess you could always
try to hate him I mean we know we know
how that was yeah that usually doesn't
work maybe my brother will well he won't
change very much
you want what do you want Jack what
about I mean we didn't do it what about
mercy he's not yellow we know that
doesn't work huh remember the text has
to be yellow we have to get him before
we can do mercy oh yeah I don't I don't
remember anything about this guy he's
preparing a bone attack the bone attack
keep flirting or something else
I keep flirting I'll have lots of
admirers but one half of a bycicle how
will I know if people sincerely like me
oh I am rough with insecurities oh fuck
Oh papyrus is rattling his bones I think
you're I think you're unnerving him okay
so what do we do keep keep it up or
maybe now that he's insecure maybe now
try to insult them
someone like you is it's really rare
oh no yeah he likes you whoa
see I think he's Indian
oh shit shit shit
I think you got to keep flirting flirt
away I know he's too busy fighting oh I
don't think they'll let you go Oh
perfect perfect that was really great
after you captured and sent away all I
remember is like this was a thing where
as like as long as I keep talking that's
the good that means you're doing it
right right I'm sure I'm sure
remember though who cares give up the
stalls
what's thousand taken damn it damn it
bone nah blurs so those were a bunch of
Bonin hours
and give up oh you gonna have to face my
special attack I'm due or - don't think
I won't
I mean you cute and all but I'm doing I
won't be no cackling cackling eat that
unicycle do it losing a lot of whatever
we have for help I don't like that I
don't think we've ever lost any help
before so that means you're fine and
this is like a boss battle cackling
flirt all right let's see here not not
too long and I will use that special
attack you not got a special kinship and
all I'm doing keep doing this right like
that now no this is your last chance
before my must special attack I'll do it
I'm gonna do it I loved him
he forced me over you my special thing
all right
it's flirting not working no this is it
this is the light that was that he said
one more cut ready
behold my special attack now that is my
special attack hey you stupid dog I'll
get you do you hear me stop munching on
that bone like papyruses walking away
with it are we doing our dead damn dog
come back here with my special attack
that's my boat dog you're my bone dog oh
well I'll just I'll just use it like a
really cool regular tank be prepared
virus is getting ready for a regular
here fine he's an absolutely normal
attack virus fuck you I don't trust it
no I don't trust it
careful I don't yes I know I'm waiting
for that well it is clear you can't
defeat me
oh yeah I can see you shaking in your
boots
therefore ah the great papyrus elect to
grant you pity I will spare you human
hmm now's your chance to accept my mercy
wow wow wow wow I can't even stop
someone as weak as you Oh
Don's gonna be disappointed in me I've
never done wrong garden my friend
quality will remain stagnant really you
wanna be friends with me well then I
guess I guess I can make an allowance
for you we go go bicycling it's gonna be
great do you like roller coasters wow I
have friends and who knew that all I
needed to make them was to give people
awful puzzles and then do you read this
voice I do you taught me a lot human I
hereby grant you permission to pass on
through also you've been flirting with
him the whole time
and then I was like be my friend this is
the child Jack mmm
I just want remind you alone oh I'll
give you directions to the surface
continue forward until you reach the end
of the cavern whoa doggy then when you
reach the capital across the barrier
whoo that's the magical seal trapping us
all underground anything can enter
through it but nothing can exit
hmm step someone with a powerful soul I
guess or some shit I know whoa like
he'll I guess that's why the king wants
to acquire a human his last door he
wants to open Barry with some power
you're gonna need a loss of Jim ah my
voice is not then us buses they can
return to the surface type of powers
motherfucker
oh I almost forgot to tell you to reach
the exit you will have to pass through
the king's castle it's gonna be great
the king of all monsters he's a super
great guy he is well yeah well you know
he's he's like a big fuzzy pushover he's
a great guy you know he's got Netflix
you can watch that Jessica Jones it's
pretty dandy everyone loves him actually
you might not be old enough to watch
Jessica Jones it deals with mature
subject matter I'm certain if you just
say excuse me mr. dreamer can I please
go home I'm in a second you take a step
you want to take a walk around you get
some hydration there we go
whenever you're ready whenever you're
ready we can awaken we can push on okay
great I'm ready all right bill God you
rot - the Baron himself who dog anyway
that's enough talking
jackass thinking thank God I'll be at
home being a super cool friend dog feel
free to come by and hang out it'll be
awesome
I got Hulu yeah he's not cool enough for
Netflix I got that oh all right all
right all right great listen I know you
want me to stick to the script but
sometimes it got a riff a little bit and
let the character breathe you know
who did it who did this awful curse yo
you sneaking out to the sea hurt too
awesome
she's the coolest rap I want to be just
like her when I grow up
hey don't tell my parents I'm here ha ha
he's gonna give you a break but you're
just used gung-ho Jenna you're right
back in my voice repeats the last thing
the sound of rushing water fills you
with determination I just saw him you
look like a sea monster so I wanted to
give him a voice oh here here we go well
here we go this is you know this is
great and then you see a guy with two
jobs before is that what I was doing
instead of boys yeah yeah I'm very
monotone fortunately two jobs means
twice as many legally required breaks
all over my face and grill B's it's a
gay bar
you might not know used to be called the
man all it used to be called grill nice
grill meat yeah it used to be called
grizzly Grizzlies it was a bear gay bar
yeah we're I'm busy okay yeah yeah you
and Sam I'll pry myself away from my
work over here I know a shortcut it
certainly won't lead to danger and
fighting mods
ters lads for sure there are no plot
twists about to happen
Oh Oh see I told you honest a shortcut
huh rich is sneaking a pic of the chat
to see the outrage at his sans voice oh
yeah well remember rich chose this voice
before we knew who this character was
but I love it I love the fact that
you're like grizzly monotone and this is
like a jokey character yeah I think it's
great
I get the short cut hey hey everyone I
love you know that I'm gonna stick with
it I'm gonna stick with ya know I stick
with it I love it hi sans his hands
here's dance hey since these sales who
are you just here for breakfast go get
comfy whoops
watch reset down sometimes wear it
always put whoopee cushions
that's what we call button that sounds
pretty good
well be well have a double order of burg
with the special sauce wink way so what
do you think of my brother he's totally
cool really papyrus you think he's
totally cool he's not I mean all right
we're gonna cool you know I guess here's
the thing like he's not cool but we like
him so that makes him cool right
I guess she's her friend I guess he's
cool I would say we like him but he's
not cool right but us liking him makes
him cool because that we like them of
course he's cool take that thing off if
he absolutely had towels that's not but
um jump which one's bad um jump sorry I
got the wrong dump jump okay Oh at least
he washes it no more for me ketchup is
the sugar paste feeding it did you just
feed me something like like why did I
might watch something on my mouth then
he they wiped it on his ass that's very
weird but dumped him it's it's Shh but I
took all the rim shot rim shot yeah but
um jump yeah
cool or not I have to agree my wrist her
eyes real are you guys ready does my
colleague keeps trying to be a part of
the Royal Guard one day he went to the
house of the head of the Royal Guard and
begged her to let him be in it quick of
course she shut the door on him because
it was midnight but the next day she
woke up and saw him still waiting there
seeing his dedication she decided to
give him warrior training it's still a
work in progress
oh yeah I wanted to ask you have you
ever heard of a talking flower yes yeah
so you know all about and
the echo flower that's in blue so that's
important
remember there are all over the marsh
say something's as ever and they'll
repeat it over and over and over and
what about it well the virus told me
something interesting the other day
sometimes when no one else is around a
flower appears and whispers things to
him flattery advice encouragement that's
nice for a diction
Oh psychics was there robbed duh duh duh
there's got to be a dunt-da-daaaaa right
sure
what about what's the music nope
close-up
someone must be using an echo flower to
play a trick on him keep an eye out okay
thanks I can't believe my light y'all
pulled me away from work for that long
by the way I'm flat broke
can you put the bill I don't care
people want him to be a funny character
that they insist he is so yeah but he
throw that in there every now and then
he tells real jokes you don't have to
like put them in it's just a hundred yes
just ten thousand pounds do we have that
what you want yes or no do you think we
have that much fuckin fight I just did
it just kidding you gonna use the wrong
one I guess actually Oh No run one is
that the same exact nose wow this is
better yeah it is mine is better in
general this is better in general that's
what you're looking for that's what I
was looking for wah-wah wah-wah
the second one I'm getting he's getting
these sound devices working is very
important than his dream put it on my
tab by the way I was going to say
something but I forgot what the thing
that I was going to say is burgers are
just sitting there Jess says I hate
everything about bad audio jokes
tough crowd Jack yeah
tough crowd hey hey no grills said that
your food is probably cold by now all
right we don't need that guys like it
fuck it get get out of here all right
Oh Oh
so you came back to see me blah Pyrus
you must be real serious about this I
think I forgot his voice already or is
just my voice is so fucked
yeah your voice Oh how'd it take you
someplace real special really special a
place I like to spend a lot of time
Jesus
Oh dog Omega D u-turn we're gonna guess
we're going to the echo flower my house
my brother's pet rock he always forgets
to feed it there's no bike as usual I
have to take responsibility garage is
covered in sprinkles that's interesting
with something on fire
aha interested in my food Museum please
peruse my culinary arts show is filled
with containers all labeled spaghetti
the other half contains nothing but an
empty bag of chips over the sink that's
crazy that's crazy it's crazy impressed
I increased the Hatem I think now I can
fit my bones under it take a look-see
oh oh oh call back
you get all back you get out of there
puppy what ketchup middle of cane I
don't get up public still my bone I'll
go get you no curses Oh
thank you stop bagging my life with
instead of music
dirty sock with a series of notes on it
sans please pick up your socks make our
way there you wanna hurry yeah well you
know like it sees the one thing that's
happening here we have to we have to we
have to hear all of the things that
papyrus is gonna say Harry this is very
much don't put it back down moving okay
oh that's so hard that my java says oh
you moved in two inches moving into your
room and don't bring it back okay forget
it
useless bone and brother boom my brother
always goes out to eat but recently he
tried baking something it was like it
was like a quickie a peach is what this
come by like on a quickie but phil was
sugar now an egg substance how absurd
it's a county dog
they might be important dialogue well
well now that is a trash can feel free
to visit it anytime it's pretty cool put
my garbage in there but nice garbage
alright well go to the room sound fire I
can see that now this is something going
on it's not fun
the door is locked okay oh I tried ooh a
classic image it always reminds me of
what's important in life my bones that's
my room it's pretty awesome if you
finished looking around we could go in
and hang out like a pair of very cool
friends it would be awesome hang out in
my room nothing weird about it
are you winking so I think that means
yes oh my god is a racecar bed of course
he does hey those are the attacks I used
on you pretty cool huh
great memories seems like it was only
yesterday even though it basically just
happened yeah he's losing he's losing
his minds folks I was losing his mind
that's my bed hmm
if you ever get to the surface
I have yep if I ever get to the surface
I'd like to drive down a low hallway hmm
wind in my hair
mm-hmm so not my skin goes that's just a
dream cuz I'm Skelton get out of here so
instead I cruise while I snooze
dreaming in the fast lane is check Jack
Jack Jack needs he needs tips for this
outstanding work he's doing this is this
marathon of this voice that is just
going to tear up his lair
and it's only a buck but it I think it's
a good point
Don tain is saying that rule I don't you
know what I can break the rules
cuz I'm a rebel this is is that is that
is that your old clown voice and III
think that's a legitimately good
question is that anything like your old
clown voice okay it might have been it's
been so long
okay I don't you know what actually I
don't I don't think I did anyways I
don't think I did like a clown voice I'm
starting to legitimately feel bad and
anytime I can get you to stop talking
and that voice for bed to heal your
throat no just listen I think it's
better if I just keep going okay okay or
not I don't you all right we'll get to
business I'm not trying to open doors
there are no skeletons inside my closet
except me sometimes look in the closet
favorite customer says play blood-borne
you hack frauds just kidding I love you
do you love me I'm rich Packard I love
you people of the chat thank you for
being here say this in skeletor's voice
skeleton where's a kind of an old time
Villa brain going on yeah hey man yeah
yeah you got a booth in y'all's gonna
yeah Here I am which cracker now I want
you people on the chat thank you for
being here retrieve your edgy man Wow
look in the closet yes we're gonna look
at the closet gonna close
leftover beefcake says this is for some
throat lozenges for Jack
thank you for cake thank you oh and
$2.00 from no message no message okay
who the Internet
I'm quite popular there mm-hmm I'm just
doesn't away from a double-digit
follower count less that's cute yeah of
course
fame has a steep price hmm
jealous troll has besieged my out lapis
Sona always sending me bad puns and a
goofy thunk oh yeah yeah look at the
Skellington thing what's over there he's
not a flag neato oh isn't that flag Nido
hoon down found it for me at the bay
okay I just lost his voice for a second
I think it's from the human world mm-hmm
now I know what you're thinking wow what
a human flag have a cool skeleton owner
mm-hmm well I have a theory I think
humans must have descended from
skeletons it makes perfect sense
it never ends that's book that's that
books one of my favorites um you gotta
you gotta move oh man oh I didn't
advance Puzzle constructions for
critical minds
hmm that next books another one of my
favorites peek-a-boo with fluffy bunny I
knew it I knew I'd eventually I'd pick
up on him you got a man who's clapping
I finally guess the line of dialogue
correctly all right there's action
figures and I think that's everything in
this room okay great oh yes action
figures a great reference for
theoretical battle scenarios how do I
have so many well let's just say they're
from a service smiling man who loves to
surprise people yeah that's right Santa
what Santa Satan s Claus inside the joke
Park was a quantum physics book you look
inside inside the quantum physics book
was another joke book you look inside
there's another quantum physics book you
decide to stop that's great oh it's my
favorite game show it's a stay tuned for
a new program MTT what it's usually
better than this this is just a bad
episode don't judge me I like what I
like you touch the couch it makes a
jingling sound you find a bunch of loose
coins inside the couch you got 20 G that
you stole from your friend I mean
because you're a jerk Thom oh it says
talk to papyrus in his room okay so um
if you've seen everything do you want to
start like hanging out like on the
regular begins the hangouts yes okay
let's hang ten what oh my god hangout
here we are hanging out I've actually
never done this before
hmm-hmm don't worry this is legitimately
creepy this is
you can't spell prepared without several
letters from my name get it tough hires
people a snag no official hangout guy
book from the library my baron hmm we're
ready to have a great time
let's see step one press the C key on
your keyboard for friendship hood what
seeking Wow we I feel so informed I
think we're ready for step two mm-hmm
step two ask them to hang out ready yeah
are you ready human ah the grave for
Paris we'll hang out with you
conferring really Wow yo ah dad I guess
that means it's time for part 3 step 3
put on some nice clothes and show you
care wait a second
wear wear clothing that bandana round
your head you're wearing clothing right
now you doing it not only lamp earlier
today you were also wearing clothing I
love it
you could go what could it be you wanted
to hang out with me from the very
beginning no you planned it all
mouki Doogie you're way better at
hanging out than I am Cutlass humanized
Stinson is your friendship power oh yeah
user to 77221 says this was once a lad
named Evans whose manhood reached up to
the heavens his last she would measure
and ponder how to pleasure and he'd say
take the lift to 11
I don't get it it's fine it's fine okay
yeah
don't think you've bested me yet ah the
great papyrus have never been beaten out
hanging out and I never will I can
easily keep up with you
cue man you see I too can wear clothing
that's outfit too in fact I always wear
my special clothes underneath my regular
clothes just in case someone wants to
you know hang out behold
that's awesome look at his cool dude
shirt me so we're obviously going with I
love it of course no no a genuine
compliment friendship power however you
don't truly understand the hidden power
of this outfit therefore what you just
said is invalid hmm hmm this hangout
won't escalate any further
that means no touching no kissing unless
you found my secret but that wou happen
does he have a heart oh my hat my hat my
hat I suppose I have no choice
what is that under there I know it's a
present oh it's a present
yep
you know disease you notices what do you
do you best friend I'm going no idea we
don't go I don't know well we're going
to friendship eaters probably of course
no that's right you have no idea you're
my best friend now though it appears to
be spaghetti this ain't just play doh
pasta this this is an artisans work
silicon's forget it finally agent ok
cask yes there could buy me master chef
papyrus human this thomna and this
there's no way this can go any further
your face crunches oh no the taste is
what a passion expression you must
really love my cookie and by extension
me maybe even more than I do good good
gravy go check your your you are giving
it your all to know 110 110 percent
I don't 10 110 papyruses human it's
clear now you're completely obsessed
with me and everything you do literally
everything you say it's all bits my sick
human I want you to be happy too
it's time for me to express my feelings
it's time that I told you I papyrus well
I'm flattered you can't serve lunch but
maybe cool it a little bit all right cuz
either way I don't want to seem too fast
you didn't bear nice person
well yeah I'm glad we're friends in
album I mean here you are my bedroom he
now must forgets but I think you can you
know reach your maximum danger if you
live you know Moe for you always say
gravity just you know it's not you it's
me
so it's kind of you
hey I know just the solution you should
hang out with my boss undyne I think if
you spread your friend energy out mo you
have a more healthy lifestyle yeah let's
be friends with him down as you go away
from me for a little bit is all I'm
saying
Jack you're your own Oh Oh No
and and if you ever need to reach me
here's my phone number
but you know don't text me at right I'm
not I'm not embarrassed by Jack I'm
actually worried for Jack
this can't be easy having nerve-racking
stressful under voice it's just never
gonna end
basically just every other character
tonight is gonna like have a rest yeah
yeah you call me anytime
platonically right you got go you get
out of here now I hate to see you go but
I love to watch you leave no I'm sane Oh
see that Wiggum sick sick now we're
gonna need an ambulance and somebody
could somebody call 9-1-1 hmm I'm
lightheaded just after here listening
that sitting next to you for the last
hour I think it's done with now which is
nice people you know it was it was a bad
choice to go with like a screaming raspy
anonymous says for the vocal
reconstruction yeah for the vocal
reconstruction surgery fun we'll all be
fine but thank you thank you

[Part II]
get some eggs I do I'll need some eggs
I'll need to make them that'll help my
voice nope maybe yeah are you sure you
don't want to read all of that again it
fills you with determination
hmm this is a box you can put an item in
or take an item out why would you though
you can you can't use items wandering
the box yes you Lou
a box hater is sure put in the bags
we're gonna take something out of the
box because I'm in a jar box now that's
our tough glove now can you go down
there no I just did oh I didn't know if
that like skinny thing was like a secret
passage or without know what not flour
that's what I thought something behind
that rushing water Oh
huh there's a camera behind the
waterfall mm-hmm all right all right
well oh that's good
great know what Oh
oh my god I didn't know I could do that
that just happened that was great you
discovered that Oh what what wait wait
wait I don't know I'm so sorry
hi I'm here with my daily repo mm-hmm
regarding that human I called you about
earlier huh
did I fight them yeah well yes of course
I did hmm I found him like valiantly
saved through so much that did I capture
them no I did try very hard in DES but
in the end I've failed Oh what you're
going to take the human soul you sail
but in done you don't have to destroy
him you see you see
ha I understand I'll help you in any way
I can
Oh what I think that's actually like
pretty genuinely creepy yeah yeah
everybody's been a cute cartoon who the
eye is still owed and faded away I was
all very neat yeah hey hey yo you see
the way she was staring at you man that
was awesome I'm so jealous
what'd you do to get her attention
come on let's go watch your beat up some
bad guys a feeling of great dread trade
a feeling of dread hangs over you but
you stayed a term determined I get that
the whole determined thing now I get it
Oh dad when four bridge seeds a line in
the water they will sprout
yeah
undyne is a chick I think papyrus has
called Undine her several times I
believe I don't know
all right boom wait go back but that
looks like a little secret
oh yes I'm sure something will happen
there later but for now special area but
Aaron flexes it Aaron flex is it dude
that's a super buff and handsome
seahorse that's great Aaron okay Aaron
seven attack to defense this seahorse is
a lot of HP extreme horsepower all those
attacks are harder to dodge at the
bottom of the box check all you why oh
my god to be certain enough holy fuck
Aaron sweating bullets flex you're gonna
try flexing you flex
twice as hard but take increases for you
to good legs you contest
okay let's more whoa oh he's sweating oh
yeah you got you have the right idea
with flexing aris ready for your next
flips you're Aaron Turkey - boom let's
harder Japan let's just twice as hard
Jack freezes for you - oh nice I lose
though yeah yeah yeah Aaron's ready for
your next flex P flex Aaron flex very
hard
oh he flushes himself out of the room
you won oh it's all so adorable
can you read that thing No
you read it like I think no I think it's
just there to tease us
oh wait seeds flowers and seeds when we
ring the bell right the bell blossoms
can cards go read the same well tray
do me
they have to all be touching their right
it's actually yeah you need to go that
way like to four down yeah yeah remap le
oh I thought I could throw him down for
the British nope nope what doesn't
oh I guess you could do that yeah I I
thought you were gonna go in in a column
cuz I know of what a column they thought
it very excited about it it's a thing I
know now thank you
congratulations you failed no that's
great you know this game that's kind of
a door right hmm I think I know how the
slums yeah yes
oh very Trixie
you got it rich yeah I'm puzzled master
you're apparently super smart at puzzles
involving flowers Oh No hello this is
pop iris how do I get this number you
shut up it was easy I just doubt ever
numbers sequential until I got yours Oh
what do you I'm asking for friend
describe it slowly she thought she saw
you wearing a bandana favorite customer
says have you seen the man from Earth if
not why the fuck not I haven't seen the
man from Earth I don't know what that is
is that true you wearing a bandanna are
you wearing don't think so did you
I'll say yes you want he's our enemy now
remember okay yeah say no you're right
so you aren't wearing a bandana hmm
doubt it you're my friend so I trust you
100%
ooh have a nice day yo now we have any
sparkling stones on the ceiling it
explains the sky underground oh that's
fine that's fine
thousands of people wishing you take a
rest you take one rest John I'm gonna go
get some water
thousands of people wishing together
can't be wrong the King will prove that
we should move what oh my god wash wha
shuffles up what the fuck is this thing
act wash you up
clean your an aquarium you asked why she
would to clean you always a tub
he jumps around excitedly green means
clean oh shit oh I was terrible why she
wonders of Tears our sanitary healing
item
spare you one you are hero XP in 25 gold
seems my horoscope is the same as last
week's
look through the telescope yes yes oh
stars
well sparkly things in the ceiling and
there's some kind of puzzle element
there's got to be right right big star
top left three blinky ones on the top
right - doodads in the middle it might
mean something right oh okay
my just walls broke down that was
comically easy ancient writing covers
the walls you can just make out the
words the war of humans and monsters why
did the humans attack indeed it seemed
that they had nothing to fear humans are
unbelievably strong it would take the
soul of nearly every monster just the
equal just to equal the power of a
single human soul but humans have one
weakness ironically it is the strength
of their soul its power allows it to
persist outside the human body even
after death the monster defeats a human
they can take its soul in monster with a
human soul a horrible beast with
unfathomable and thinner than the power
it's an illustration of a strange
creature there's something very
unsettling about this drawing
okay so humans have incredibly powerful
souls and if a monster defeated a human
it could take the human soul and be
powerful so that's the thing we can look
forward to in the future I think great
I'm missing so much of the story I know
I had to get water and I also had to go
to the bathroom because of all the water
I was drinking it was a whole thing
oh my god who done shit
shit shit sweet Jesus ain't nothing
ain't no thing what's what's your role
what's your dodge roll is don't get hit
with the Spears it's my dodgeball oh
snap snap nice I like the way they go
from sappy to dark right
the chances what do they say
call papyrus he can help but that just
might built that might be them just
fucking with me
yo did you see that undying just touched
me oh I'm never washing my face ever
again
oh man are you unlucky if you were
standing just a little bit to the left
yo don't worry yo I'm sure we'll see her
again oh wow
Oh Oh cause his face hurts why do we
want to call papyrus when I handled that
just fine I don't know that's what the
choice I think like I said I think they
might just be fuckin with me so don't
ask you are you can oh they might want
more dialogue with you yeah see what
happens okay watch your step
down really cares about this grass for
some reason okay no oh I think maybe
maybe you were supposed to like panic
and call him assumed I was chasing you
what were we invited whatever maybe we
accidentally got through a very
difficult puzzle just like it by
accident there's something like one way
you can walk through the grass and I
just randomly did it baby I doubt that
this cheese has been here so long a
magical crystal has grown around it it's
stuck to the table there's a mouthful Oh
squeak squeak
Oh squeak-squeak-squeak oh they're good
maybe they know their bits knowing the
mouse might one day extract the cheese
and mystical crystal yes I certainly am
non of us says something Jack said in
the video saved my marriage
my wife and I were not connecting on an
intimate level she asked me to finally
share what I was feeling I looked at her
and I said I want to fuck more and you
know I had to stop and read ahead when
when intimate getting home yeah just
make sure it's important if you do want
to fuck more and to let the person who
you are fucking in your life know that
you want to fuck more so congratulations
Anonymous I'm glad hopefully that you're
fucking more Oh
oh I got it I got to do this voice again
yeah get right out of town
I'm thinking about getting into the
telescope business
it's normally 50,000 G to use this
premium telescope but since I know you
you can use it for free I was about it
yeah oh oh oh
pink it's just pink well that's exciting
and we gotta have a flag over there can
you move it around oh my god Jack what
check your genius oh you know it's kind
of a genius I like I had no video get
kind of a genius
I mean there's nothing that look at pink
why is it pink is that as far as you can
go to the left and right oh hey Brady
I'm gonna call the joke
he left the lens cap on oh yeah
you are satisfied don't worry
I'll give you a full refund
Atticus Rex I do hope you know if if you
and the person who you know you have
fuck with want to fuck more I do hope
that you fuck more I'm not wrong a
fucking more as long as it's consensual
as long as it's consensual you and the
person you make fuck with oh it's the
stare can you touch it can you get oh my
god can you kill it
yes I used on
oh but what what what what faced him
towards the camp oh he had he did have
like a pink thing on his eye no after he
looked in the telescope well I can't can
say no it was too late mr. Laird they
said you guys missed the punchline I
relocated my store but there are still
no customers
fortunately I've thought of a solution
punch guy yes but every time do you buy
an ice cream then you would take a punch
card for the box
thank you up three cards you betrayed
them they're sure to get customers to
come back yeah ice cream it's the frozen
treat that warms your holiday Cook says
yep some day you guys should try DC
Universe Online for the ps4 it's free
you fucks
but not today I love the undertale
voices gobbledygook think about it I
don't know what DC Universe Online but
we will think about it thank you Galvis
every time
would you like some making fuck buzzer
yeah that's a great song clicks the
ancient glyphs have been painted over
with a list of 21 different flavors this
game has a ton of personality who take a
card
we need five by three and you get three
cards for something what happened I
forgot what the deal was yeah if I could
it was buy more do it I'm swimming I
scream heels anyway we need health stuff
favorite customer um you know something
that I did in blood-borne I was doing
some some what'd he call him dungeons
not John dungeons the chalice the
chalice dungeons and I I got one of
those NPC helpers and I was thinking
what the fuck I'll try it out and I
really liked it like I just had a little
helper I think I might actually enjoy
like multiplayer blood-borne yep you
know just like a little helper or you
could be the helper you know make it a
little easier for someone it could be
nice cream puffs glove anyway
I did get a I got a little bit farther
in blood-borne and I even went back to
the DLC area just to sprint past every
enemy and get some weapons I cheated a
little bit and looked up weapon
locations so I have the fire hammer and
the the Beast saw thing the fire hammer
I love pretty badass but I just I
couldn't I still can't i'm not leveled
up enough to fight anyone so i just had
to grab the weapons and leave my DS
brickle
but I think I think like that level up I
might go and try to like help some
people out might just be available for
people it could be fun I think yeah yeah
oh we just got a free cream okay that's
fine okay we have way of cream I think
that's good oh sorry I wasn't stuck I
just wanted to try try it out and like I
did of course you guys helped me defeat
vicar Amelia which was I mean which was
great I could have done it eventually
but you know we need it we wanted to we
wanted to get that done quickly but I
had an NPC following me around the
chalice dungeon and that was super great
fYI everybody I have something to do
here early tomorrow so I'm just sleeping
at the studio tonight I'm probably gonna
go late with the stream after Jaco is
home I'm planning on playing blood-borne
today yeah
listen here's what'll happen I'll go
home go home right now
and put on blood-borne I don't play
together I love love born I did it you
know I was talking to rich about what we
should play tonight and rich mentioned
like blood-borne it's like oh I would I
would love to play blood-borne but
new game new game is more important Oh
oh my god walk into a mold small molds
of all oh that's right how do we beat
these guys we just have mercy mr. both
oh that's right
great you won
it's paraffin too late but a little
ballet shoes really believe me Phillips
Melly ballot shoes ragged scribe says
does bloodborne have the best combat in
any game ever answer yes stamp find
combat damn fine coming you know what it
works for the game I wish you had a bit
more help you know I know the
difficulties the thing that's part of it
I like games were a no death run is
attempt about it's just not with
blood-borne I like your no you're no
blood echoes lost rather idea so I might
try Ford tonight is that I gonna fail
does it feel hard but I think I don't do
great hey ro this is pop Alice remember
what I asked you about clothes
well the friend who wanted to know her
opinion of you is very now word not dear
human the Pirates would never betray you
you said you were not wearing a bandana
so of course I actually told her you
were indeed wearing a bandana it paid me
to tell such a bold face haha but since
you aren't wearing a bandana she surely
won't attack you now you are safe and
also sound wow we this is hot I just
want to be everybody's friend click are
you wearing a bandana I mean that does
not look like you were wearing a bandana
is you have like an ambit bandana
equipped
No okay great did we tell him we were
weren't you tell you told him you were
not wearing a bandana and so he said you
were wearing a minute
okay so everything's good what is that
accent I have no idea it's a little
southern and it's also a little like but
that's what the accent is a little
cartoony screen junkies are stealing our
stick up front no shame at all
what stick what specifically is going on
what's going on
I don't think we can stop people from
doing things unless they're actually
taking content of ours yeah if they're
like uploading videos that's stealing
but if they like talk about movies and
video games a lot of people do that
sadly it might just be our fate to be
the ramones of YouTube no wash you and
Aaron appear oh well you know how to be
able to Aaron I don't want to fight no
nope
scram adapt no need for a swimming suit
oh this is great that's just that's just
great oh I was easy
Aaron sweating bullets literally won't
act that's what I want
mm-hmm clean us wash you want to clean
you it hops around excitedly Oh means
clean come on the water's fine
yep oh wait blue no and you want the
green ones writer I'm fine I got full
health I weigh oh okay
Aaron is splashing you playfully J was
on screen junkies so they stole Jane no
I don't understand
oh well it doesn't matter rich yeah
daredevil versus Jessica Jones Jessica
Jones not the TV shows the characters
Jessica Jones yes Jessica dunes is the
correct answer she has superhuman
strength we didn't we talked about this
during be especially especially Netflix
daredevil who gets his ass kicked by
regular people constantly constantly
constantly daredevil can do all the
flips and shit he wants if Jessica Jones
punches him in the head he's done done
watch YouTube then dies that's crazy
Aaron is ready for your next flex yeah
Jay was on a screen junkies show he
knows uh like one of the guys who's like
behind the scenes I think my shoe Lake
what's your leg Aaron is ready for your
next flags like Jessica Jones w no we
talked about it a little bit it had us I
think it had a rough start for me and I
think it ended really well I think once
once like you kind of understood all of
the characters not to give too much away
it really came together from you it that
show was constantly getting better and
it ended on a high note I was really
happy with the whole season of Jessica
Jones the first couple of episodes I was
a little wishy-washy and then every
episode after that it just kept winning
me over
back back to the screen junkie thanks
creatively yeah if if you create a
successful product yeah people are going
to imitate that madness it's not even
necessarily cynically it could just
because they like what you're doing it
they they want to do it do I don't sure
you don't know it's like hard West they
they're ripping XCOM off
mm-hmm should they not be able to exist
should should handle fate not exist
because Rocksteady did the Arkham combat
first no I mean it happens oh wait it
says screen junkies are doing a stream
today of a movie so I guess that's
stealing prereqs stick it's nothing Oh
Oh fine everything's fine Oh what is
that a noodle monster or there's a big
noodle monster oh it's a happy noodle
monster hey there noticed you were here
I'm onion son onion Sonia
yeah you should get kind of a wacky
voice for this way contrast with the
cute thing you Restivo you've been doing
papyrus for eight hours and you're
getting your mouths gonna fall off I
thought I was doing like a thing Mike
and I visited waterfall huh that's crazy
I love it ah if you if your voice isn't
falling off as a throat yeah me too
it's my big favorite okay let me look at
him why are you so happy to be here even
though the waters getting so shallow
here I have to sit down all the time but
he he hey that's okay it's over to the
city can you read that better than i mmm
looks like slippy but I know that's not
a word no it's anonymous okay ready no
no I'm checking on what are the words in
the sentence yeah anonymous Oh from
anonymous twas brillig and the slit
Ito's did cry in grimbo and the web all
mimsy were the bow groves and the mome
Raths outgrabe
okay so just kind of to get us to say
something silly I think I get it do you
want that do you want that in the silly
voice I was going for like like an Edgar
Allan Poe twas I think the ogre Allan
Poe's what I call twas brillig and
slippy Toves did cry in Grimble in the
web all mimsy were the boat groves in
mome Raths outgrabe you know that's what
I was going for but yeah if you want
silly you have to put the kind of voice
you want in there it's the Jabberwocky
poem what's a Jabberwocky both Alice one
oh okay well there you go okay uh are
you guys doing performance art for cash
have you not been paying attention this
is all been performance are literally
the entire thing of everything else
hey that's okay hippie it's moving to
the city oh I hit it on the head without
knowing it great thanks for your phone
you know was you know was a great
performance artist mmm Trump because I'm
I am I am now convinced he is either the
world's worst politician or or the best
performance artist of our generation ah
here here's the thing about presidential
candidates yeah something that I have
read this is a this is not no politic
we're not talking politics here this is
nonpartisan is if you can even be in a
debate mmm you're good because that
means book deals that means radio show
yeah do you think that's what's going on
cuz I've had my working theory now yeah
is that he is just a bored billionaire
and this is him having fun that's
fucking I gotta run for president here's
the thing I so I think that's how it
started I'm just saying all this crazy
fucking shit and then admit it now he
thought he would let you in quick cuz he
was saying these horrible exactly racist
things but then it's just working and I
was just seeing how far I can go that
well this is my this is my theory kind
of goes parallel to you yeah where it's
like he all he wanted to this was a
money-making scam for him okay he was
gonna get on on the debates everyone in
the news media was gonna talk about him
he was gonna sell some books he was
gonna get his name out there more right
and then people kept believing him and
media kept on talking about him and he
did great at the rallies and then he
made fun of a crippled person did you
see that
yeah that was crazy I heard about it and
said yeah there's video of him literally
like mocking a crippled person right but
he just keeps going it doesn't matter
but it's it's crazy it's a great
performance arts great performance
already I'm now a trump fan don't say
that too loud I think we know the
context I mean he didn't yes all right
did you read this
yeah his speech moving to the city and
living in a crowded aquarium
like all my friends did oh I miss me
free you wanna be my friend
are you walking yep no and the
aquarium's fool anyway so even if I
wanted to I that's okay I am yeah you're
here undines gonna fix everything you
hear
I'm gonna get out of here and live in
the ocean you see right time thanks for
chatting in waterfall no it's yeah that
was that was Edith that wasn't my Edith
impression oh gosh
Oh actually you're so crazy oh the way
Glenn Miller play song said made the
head who serves it boys like us we had
it made did you do when you girls what
girls and men's was man mister we can
use a man like hi but over again didn't
need no welfare stage everybody pulled
their weight gr Road LaSalle
ran grave those were the days Oh
actually stop hitting me all the time
blowing out my ears
yep siren hides in the corner but
somehow encounters you anyway
smile smile be shy I'm eager to be
friendly what do you think check well
you know check first
Tony bet she's too ashamed to sing to
her deadly okay okay okay
then I think you were right yes no she
went apps a little beat with her fins or
it's like do you want to conduct her we
will conduct and then I think that's the
way to go and then maybe you waves your
you wave your arms around a Veidt wildly
you know you are now vulnerable to
electric attacks oh no
jim-jim welcome to the stream how's it
going how are you doing nice to see you
too
never thought we'd see you again Jim
it smells like music what I don't know
great Jim showed up just in time for our
rendition of of the ones that show own
family all in the family theme you know
you're welcome I'm sorry that that are
singing prowess dude I like to
I'm very feeling I don't know if let's
write conduct one more time okay
yeah maybe if you try humming okay
I don't think this is working nope oh
whoa thing an accident somehow oh I'm a
jazz ballad nice nice what are the
second the northern room hides a great
treasure let's go that northern fucking
room I treasure a hunting song echoes
down the corridor won't you play along
only the first eight are fine yes you
don't hear play it
yes
whoa what happened wait my controller
smell fuck no I don't know cast the
savior would like to tell us a joke
sister mom wants you to come in and help
fix dinner
brother why is it broken
I don't understand this puzzle jacket
why is it broken
the chant is saying you need to walk a
little further to hear the song you need
to copy okay so that we also get to turn
the volume up this power has no counter
indeed a human cannot take a monster
soul man you
when a monster dies its soul disappears
oh and the incredible power would be
needed to take the soul of living
monster there's only one exception the
soul of a special species of monster
called a boss monster but that is from
favorite customer who would like us to
no lull fuck my dick lol fuck my bag Wow
lol and you don't like wall and it
should be lol fuck my cock that's the
proper it should be fuck my cock but I
you know first of all you say lol not lo
I like I like I say lol that's laughing
out loud it's not a word Wow
I like low because it sounds dumber oh
wow lol Wow likes me lol fuck my Cocker
lol well I'll fuck Mike I got you some
stupid smooth hello I'll fuck my cock
that's comedy it's my comedy
need no sorry lalala fuck my god it's
the statute is wrong
the structure is though
he's tank one brah whoo it did say
please
you took kind of broad oh I get it now
go back it was a him yep does she want
me to go back give the embro to the
statue it will make the statue happy yes
good to music round dude dude dude
Danton the only instrument I can play is
was that the only instrument I can play
is fart noise yay
fart noise with mouth yeah
yes it's lol and yet I say Ness for NES
Nintendo Entertainment System by my old
logic with lol it should be NES that I
say but I say Ness so I'm a fucking
hypocrite when it comes to just stupid
shit that's not important at all I was
gonna say that this being here play it
hold the button oh oh but you know be
okay I get it
colonel rich mother a colonel Colonel
rich mustard says lol and nests are
correct thank you thank you we're both
right
ha
this is great only the first eight count
for the song oh that's right
I have to listen to it again I can do
this people are saying the fans spoiled
this great game the only thing we've
really had spoiled I think is the Loreal
battle yes well and we were stuck yeah
Rochelle we knew there was a passive a
solution we didn't know why so extreme
they were about it not attacking yeah
okay it did take a long time for the
past yeah wait I need to start over
don't talk
that's tough lore'l Betty
toriel whatever the fuck a lady come on
lol fuck my couch
this is this is tough she's a goat
actually you fuck
I'm sure there's just online this is
cheap that probably really easy to find
whether hyper internet capable devices
yeah
don't-don't-don't dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun yeah it's like turn dan dan
dan dan dan dan dan dan sorry about
undertale fans they can give her the
passionate no I'm like I'm crazy
enjoying this game and it's such a this
game has so much personality it turns
our green says up up down down left
right left right up down
no the Konami code right is Joe
makes it starts over again okay ready
okay dum-dum there has to be something
in bet in game no offense but you trying
to scat it made me literally want to die
that was so wrong to scat what when I
was doing the notes
oh no I'm home I I sing why singing I'm
crazy tone-deaf okay okay
I'm crazy tuned if I can't sing to save
my life really gonna band huh we're in a
band
do you play an instrument you're tone
deaf no singing wise like I can't I
can't sing notes oh I play bass you know
sounds like
since I it was a clown band
I see someone wrote it and I'm not
watching it
nope
Oh
I followed for ya we both loved it in
game of the year yeah go listen to again
do
don't doubt that down down down down
down down dead under
now now
now
that should be it right I give up I give
up
I thought that was it there Evelyn
Evelyn says first time subscribing but
but around sums game station and palinka
days love you guys you ever in you
Claire every and you Claire I'd be happy
to show you around and talk about the
heat death of the universe thank you
thank you very much
you give it up I'm just seeing what you
know cuz like maybe there's more clues
okay
there's more clues over here because
we're not doing very well we could we
could just read the chat we could but I
don't wanna all right oh I've seen them
posted a number of times I might get it
no she means the bad guys never loses if
I was a human I would have went to bed
everyday knowing she was good BB up
nope so what type we had a school
project where we had to take care of a
flower the king we had to call him mr.
drebber volunteer donate his old flowers
heat it up color school teach a class
about responsibility stuff I got me
dated you know how cool would it be if
wound ein came to school she could beat
up all the teachers me crazy down hmm
maybe she wouldn't beat up the teachers
she's too cool to ever heard it it's a
person except for the human boy and or
girl or whatever we are I can't tell the
human human tell Jack to go back damn it
I think we have to do the book the
puzzle table same assistant

[Part III]
told you act to go back dammit please
just cheat
I've seen people dick around in that
puzzle for over an hour it's always
boring you basically got it rich just
use the solution call papyrus you know
this ledge is way too steep you know us
you and that right he'll put your
umbrella and climb up on my shoulders
why isn't he going
do I have to hey you know what dude do
what you would have done and this is
what you would have done then people
can't bitch about things being spoiled
right yo you got ahead don't worry about
me I'll always find a way to get through
yeah oh no now can I not go back oh
you're trapped
oh we're traveling now we're trapped I
did not expect that the humans afraid of
our power declared war on us they attack
suddenly and without mercy in the end it
could hardly because of our united the
humans were too powerful and s monsters
too weak
not a single soul was taken and
countless monsters were turned to dust o
Missourian sound of a distant music box
it fills you with determination you're
committed to that bit right the
determination that's right that's fun
that's fun
oh okay I thought that was I said the th
e re I thought that was there
the real Avalon says it's pronounced the
real Val the Oh God the the real of a
real villain they on and oh Claire they
on I can't read things I'm bad at that
the real very real they on and it's
really on it's really on it's not real
they on it's not you Claire
it's o'clair even though it's spelled ei
you Claire it's pronounced oh Claire
okay rich it riches nuh-uh you've been
to Oregon Oregon Oregon Oregon Oregon oh
no you don't know Wow
shit take it easy take it easy
slow and steady wins the race Jack slow
and steady well likes just under that
path that's kind of great
you don't know you don't need up really
chefs a slow and steady has never won
any race that's kind of the opposite of
what a race is backwards I have no idea
where I'm going I'm going
some 100 also you don't stop when you
stop sometimes he moves specifically to
the
nope hey I got out of section 100 it's
gonna be fine nothing's gonna happen
nothing scary no monsters nope
sounds like it came from over here you
were falling down haven't you are you
okay here
get up
you
those partners matter that's the second
verse please keep this voice when this
character appears later Moki huh that's
a nice name
my name is blurt it blared lurk oh you
can swim apparently I didn't know that I
was a garbage got a few brands you
recognize yes just garbage garbage trash
heap yeah persistent garbage habit shows
no signs of fare - boughs of garbage
yeah got a few brands you recognize
piles of garbage there got a few brands
you recognize piles of garbage there are
quite a few brand you recognize barrels
of garbage there are quite a few brands
you recognize the waterfall here seems
to flow from the ceiling of the cabinet
occasionally piece of trash will flow
through and fall into the bottomless
abyss below viewing this endless cycle
of worthless garbage makes you
re-evaluate your life
no it fills you with determination to
revalue the cycle of your life
just gave it you rest your hand on the
rusted bike its horn wheezes a hunk of
despair
wait no a beat-up desktop computer the
inside is empty like yes so it's a good
it has no brand and shows no signs of
wear inside are a couple of freeze-dried
space food bars take one damn straight I
will you got the astronaut food it's got
a tag that's we colored the DVD case for
an anime some one of those Japanese
cartoons where they have the big goofy
eyes the purple hair it makes me sick
desperate claw box cover the edges seems
like a regular training dummy do you
want to beat it up damn straight I do
pilgrim you tap the W something done
Jack skip through the dialog too fast
but I shift fucked up that dummy I bet I
did
oh my god it's a fucking duck it's a
duck dummy with eyes fool you think you
can hurt me
I have a ghost that lives inside a dummy
my cousin used to live inside a dummy
too until you came along
chipmunk when you talk to them they
thought they were in for a nice chin but
the things you said it's sickens me
horrible shocking unbelievable you
spooked them right out of their dummy
now they have no dummy human I'll scare
you so right out of your filthy stinking
human buddy
mad dummy blacks the way mad dummy has
seven attack might have sporting defense
because they're a ghost physical attacks
look fair bit of a pitiful pitiful why
do I look like a Picasso I'll take my
pick my just buddies shove them straight
up your sunshine hold o you dummies
watch where you're aiming your magic
attacks hey you forget I said anything
about magic there's no magic here
Oh God can you talk to me me the dummy
it doesn't seem I don't see much for
conversation set your mouth yeah bean
but the Dukes up no one's happy with
this I'll defeat you and dig your soul
touch my hair bones it's how we do
things here in Chinatown you've talked
to me me the dummy I don't see much for
conversation no one is happy with this
no one's happy with Jax Denson he looks
like a goddamn loopy bum a flapper I'm a
flapper it looks like they've got a
flappy monkey I'm a flapper that you
just sold across the barrier this music
is the jive Turkey man no wait what's
the good one not jive Turkey jive
turkeys bad this movie this music is is
ripping it's not jive Turkey just jives
Jaya do dare this is daddy Oh mumsy
Turkey
I'll stand in the window of a fancy
store when I get out of here that's
right a store
because we're that communist where I
come from we like good old-fashioned
American consumerism
I want products you can take your free
health care and shove it where the Sun
don't shine sunny I'm gonna go buy a
Christmas tree cup of coffee from a
coffee chain that actually likes
Christmas plain red cups what is this
world coming to
then everything will be the way I
remember it being in my memories of a
past that really wasn't that great to
begin with that dummy is getting cotton
all over the dialogue banks getting
worked up over my cranky views of how
the world should be my sense of American
dominance is fading in this world when
China's growing into the top spot all of
Europe hates us but that doesn't bother
me because I'm an American and I don't
care what those filthy Krauts think
because you can't keep going what was
the name again cuz I don't remember
things I don't remember the things that
I don't care about I only remember the
things that I care about if I don't
remember it that obviously wasn't that
important because my world view is the
only view that matters
you're probably from China too filthy
communism whatever whatever whatever
dodge my mushroom gloves cuz that's how
we won the war goddamn it
the old-fashioned nuclear bombs was what
made this country great god damn it
butyl it's futile you filthy Rendon wait
why am ia text pink I don't like pink
changing tank color you filthy mushrooms
why am i hanging out with a bunch of
mushrooms that shoot pink that's
completely contrary to my made-up
character it's foolish it's foolish god
damn it oh I've been shut you get me yes
I can't say that anime is proof that to
Bob's right enough we didn't go far
enough if I had my way the only anime
would be a smoking radioactive crater in
the middle of the ocean that's my kind
of anime I like good old fashioned
cartoons with Moses and buddies
it took jokes no cut people with swords
then I got no purple fruity hair they
sing songs fancy songs damned
girlfriends and look identical to the
way they look only they got a bow on
their head that's what makes you a girl
you went bows fancy bows goes on a lot
to him pence girls with pants they think
then men they can be men that's
struggling get back in your house and
soul
why aren't the things I remember them
being the way they were dummy but stray
again I'm using robots and missiles now
the good old-fashioned American Way
yeah wait didn't we just go through the
whole spiel that monsters can't have
souls or that last after they die how
could there be a monster ghost this is
Gunther in the lore that we've just been
told that makes me angry
hurry up and defeat me because I'm out
of horrible jingoistic things to say go
USA I like flags we're gonna shove my
nuclear bomb into your hide right near
heart oh he'll use it yes it's an
ice-cream now your fancy red communist
ice cream it's a good old-fashioned
American ice cream vanilla it's the only
flavor we need you got your fancy
grapefruit vanilla extract watermelon of
horseshoes strawberry ice cream it's
fruity and I don't like it why didn't
you eat ice cream you got to help I'm
gonna murder you because you're only a
too damn health I can't I can't do it
you'll be stuck fighting me forever and
ever and ever forever I've got a loopy
they must have slipped me some of that
LDS it's in my coffee black acid rain
I'm saying I'm back in the dialog I'm
supposed to say I'll forget it I'm out
of here back to mom and apple pie sorry
I interrupted you didn't I as soon as I
came over your friend immediately left
oh no you guys looked like you were
having fun oh no I just wanted to say hi
no no well I'm going to head home now
oh um feel free to come with if you want
but no pressure I understand if you're
busy it's fine no worries to start I'd
offer it's rich doing Donald Trump or
Archie Bunker is there any difference ha
hey my house is up here in case you want
to see or in case you don't feel calming
tranquility you're filled with
determination
where's the other one well don't forget
about that fell doesn't it it's gone
it's gone jack it's going forever rich
it's gone the forever oh oh you really
came sorry I wasn't expecting that
it's not much about - make yourself at
home
saying you kind of sound like vodka
little lot it's actually a Lionel from
pork pork and space
some people recognized that there were
people saying pork pork yeah I love that
voice it's one of my favorite
just listen to cool tunes yeah oh that's
my TV there's a show I like to watch on
it sometimes the computers internet
browser is opened to a music sharing
firm oh are you hungry I can get you
something to eat if you eat a sandwich
sit on the ground not moving until
something happens this is a ghost
sandwich do you want to try it for that
that was dumb
hello you attempt to buy it into a ghost
sandwich you face right through it how
do you hold it it doesn't make any sense
never mind after a great meal
now after a great meal I like to lie on
the ground and feel like garbage it's a
family tradition do you want to join me
okay follow my lead here we go you lie
down as long as you don't so only move
around when you want to get up I guess I
should not have turned down this book
glad a music this is it's not you know
what it's it's you know what it's
turning oh my god I see stars
oh the edges of the screen are waving -
have you ever done drugs feels a little
like this now you know what was in my go
sandwich hi I put drugs in my sandwich
so I can listen to my music and
experience the universe
do you like drugs
do you like the universe ooh bitch ooh
it's nice
you know man thanks for coming over
sometimes drugs aren't as fun when
you're alone sometimes there's the
bedroom first one I remember how I died
do you ever look through the horseface
to see the man face
he's a good face
okay that's enough directs well that was
nice thank you
but you think Oh druggie useless
dirtbags
it's locked
and as we are we safe oh we've seen the
Magus we've saved anyway I see a dummy
there are so savings probably good okay
if he'll coming tranquility you're
filled with determination
what no this is not what what what what
it's a living doesn't seem like anyone's
home
that's weird
which way we come in from down its path
or the left no I hear we have a sign
that tells us these things what awkward
I'm working right now I mean
welcome to the blue family snail farm
yeah I'm the only employee this place
used to get a lot of business but our
main customer disappeared one day now
it's just some hairy guy that shows up
once a month do this name some reason
and you can't help but wonder what it
tastes like
during spends in front of you this is
too obvious what the jokes were that's
now what are you talking about yeah may
talk about like if I didn't look away
from him well maybe like just get your
mouth right up learn those are you
talking about like what if I what if I
drop the soap over here
that wouldn't be a good idea because
then the soap would be on the ground
I've been long overdue for a second
house this guy doesn't have any at all
he's homeless the snail is counting
dollar bills he bought the snail shell
thank you put me back in my snail shell
you know that is this a great they might
be giants on Jack is upset that my
favorite they might be giants album is
flood not he really cares about this for
some reason I'm upset that you refused
to believe that any other album is as
great as flood flood is great I'm sorry
great album what is it guys say
everything else they've ever done is
terrible that I say that no do you want
to play a game
it's called thunder snail the snails
will race and if the yellow snail wins
you win ten G to play okay rich you got
the Z that's the action button okay
okay you have to press Z repeatedly to
encourage your snail you know I could
probably help though because I think
they both work okay ready yeah
alright D there's gonna be a joke here
word doesn't matter three
wait stop encouraging him stop stop stop
something's wrong oh yeah you keep doing
because obviously I've set my snail on
fire
looks like you've encouraged your smoke
too much really got to her may you enter
by game is cap and a snail snail race
and if you do and just ng to play you
play I play okay
press Z repeatedly to encourage us now
ready I'm gonna knock on touch it
doesn't want press it that's not a
little bit no huh
all right I prove this attempt out with
the game I don't think it's working
unless he speeds up really fast at the
very end there's just a possibility I
press it a lot yep say like as I stops
it
oh my sin well you have won somebody
fucked it up oh you both tried their
best but the snail looks discouraged her
best was not good enough no nothing at
all can nothing at all the pie game is
cut understand the snails race and if
the yellow snail flings he'll play okay
press zero to beat the little girl is
now ready okay no piping ok this big and
it's just spoiling everything
yeah yeah
why are they saying oh they're saying
what you have to do which I'm not gonna
repeat okay fuck it and I might note
encouragement strategy this now make it
on his own
this is awesome music okay
doesn't work like this you both today I
get a bass but the snail look at these
cards or than good not to play again
with us now Oh goodbye ghost friend
goodbye ghost friend
then their snail is done okay Oh a box
used wax is an ice cream
ah where I'm going to reach over well oh
sorry you guys I've got some a jug for
sale there got some big jug for sale
I've been around a long time
yeah I got maybe two long series II lose
so much of it yourself
the emblem I have the Bible you don't
know what that is what are they teaching
you kids in the school nowadays jingim
the kingdom materials you know of the
kingdom is the kingdom monsters monsters
very name as I always say Oh king fluffy
buns you can't name the beans King
lovely buzzes is really happy-go-lucky
kind of guy
maybe he whatever I'll long enough you
probably meet him he loves to walk
around and talk to people we were like
we were like you kid he just talks
anyone talks why do I call dear good
dreamer lovely ones oh that's a great
story
I don't I forgot what have you come back
much later I'm sure I'll remember by him
my lad well remembered by then and I'm
actually three days history the original
meanings been lost in time what happens
just happening it's time right now it's
time when I said before I was later was
earlier and all you know is that the
triangle symbolize us monsters blow and
the winged circle of light that
symbolizes something more like Brower
was can get him in something most people
say angel oh yeah I know the promise
when the moon is high in the sky and the
tide tides low way no way wrong one
let's fasten angels will descend from
above
bring us freedom freedom from this
horrible cave we're living in that has
ice cream and fun games lately if people
were taking a Bleeker outlook cuz
they're getting sick sick it's like ice
cream and gangs call it wing circle the
Angel of Death cuz they they really hate
ice cream in games a harbinger of
destruction waiting to free us from the
ice cream and games my thing when I see
that little circle I just think it looks
you know it's kind of neat thing
underlying gashes look around here kid
yeah written determination lunge far
away at Tama Royal Guard as the people
at the swords and spears mm-hmm
actually just just came through harassed
but something look just like like you
kid exactly 100% like you
again that striped shirt and that goofy
look on your face it's also pretty
accurate and I much fat kid buy some
item some items
written what this way we lost the other
one I was gonna make a clap oh god oh
god
it's gone it's gone forever it's gone oh
hey that's great
did we miss one looks like we did the
Zaius says earthbound they say this is a
little earthbound sq I've never played
an earthbound Oh a little earthbound II
ever found you know as a more
traditional RPG but a similar humor and
that that was a little brick and mortar
ish I guess it was yeah ramble Oh rad
the ramble on hurt beaten and feel for a
fearful for our lives we surround we
surrendered to the humans seven of their
greatest magician sealed us underground
with a magical spell anything can enter
through the seal but only beings with a
powerful soul can leave there's only one
way to reverse this spell is a huge
power equivalent to seven human souls
okay attacks the barrier it will be
destroyed
we've only got one human soul so but
this cursed place has no entrances or
exits
strawberry pancakes wants us to
highlight us singing all in the family
there's something about okay I have
talked about Jevons about that he does
that he's gonna put that in his head
right now there's there's no way a human
a human could come here we will remain
trapped down here forever
Burnley we had to play a candy box -
candy box - everybody wants us to play
everything except the game we are
currently playing at any given time I
think I think these are just supposed to
be notes for us like yeah put it put it
make a nipple Oh special enemy Timmy
appears here to defeat you
oh no to me oh that cute humans but
you're allergic
get the fuck out of here Tammy forgot
her other attack temmie flakes yeah
I did tell me only once the Technic
likes I did I did feed you at any place
good night I did
feed temmie flakes yep yeah Timmy only
wants the temmie flakes charlie only
wants at any flag hey I was a no-show
hungry
oh you bitch
how are you supposed to avoid that me
why I don't think you were do it Timmy
is doing her Harris and her hair's looks
so on Fleck tomato they must tech tenet
flags
yes I ate doughnuts please recommend
games we shouldn't play oh it's gotta be
a way around that right can you go under
the screen is it like a tent vibrates
intently feed Timmy tell me only about
the Teddy plagues so hungry
no that's bullshit bullshit
Timmy accidentally misspelled sir uh
name hi D Eunice they all go up now can
you go up now no it's gotta be a way to
avoid that there has to be right right
Oh her head maybe I don't know
Tammy forgot her other attack or
whatever wait how do I get back to
please never play battlefront again no
problem
tell me I bet high yeah actually I don't
think something I don't think this is
working
don't lose hope Moki stay determined I'm
so sorry we missed all that snail Rio I
don't think I ever missed must much
actually oh oh that's right hold on I
went through all this dialogue I don't
know if I have to go through at all
yeah what's going on Chetan how you
doing doing all right great this is
great there's a chance of grand I
probably won't be playing Star Wars
Battlefront anymore and I own it so hit
Z to skip dialogue well no I want to I
want to cycle through it in case like I
need to have listened to his stories in
order to unlock something later okay I
don't know if that's a thing is that a
thing maybe I don't know if that's ever
a thing in a gamer you like you need to
listen to one certain story in order to
bainfield death it says best stream in a
while which kind of amazing is I thought
we've had a lot of good streams in a row
you know we're doing it who's dreaming
up storms dreaming up your stream here
say oh okay
we don't have Timmy flex that's
something we would need oh I get it
can you buy them here may perhaps I get
it
we don't have Timmy flags we're 40-foot
walrus says you guys are on a warm
streak I'll take that nailing it other
other than battlefront I thought we've
been nailing it even battlefront you
know that is fine battlefront is a style
of game I can't stand mm-hmm no there
are no Timmy flags here forever
where are they are they in the box is
that box empty
what do we get from the we got an ice
cream
it's a bunch of this stuff we all heard
you know human seven Souls remember that
remember all that everybody everybody do
we remember that wait was it seven or
eight souls Dec 7th all
don't be a dick seven Souls
Timmy special enemy Timmy to me luck sir
talk talk to her you say hello to Tami
hey I'm Timmy Timmy forgot her other
attacks oh well it looks like I won yeah
fucking really fucking easy can't
believe a fucking easy that was by three
out there all right maybe I didn't hit
the thing oh it's just dark try feeling
your way around see what happens that go
up or down
all right
oh oh I see it opened up a new path over
here merci merci
I don't have to do anything one of the
other lugli
like ye mulled ba mulled big gyrates
reservedly you don't see many hybrid
RPGs slash bullet hell games I'm gonna
hug him crow slime covers you your speed
decreased no big need some distance hug
it appreciates your respective its
boundaries oh lucky there the engine
there we go yeah we did
mo big mo big mold a big
it's not mold bug because mold mold big
or go home dude for realsies your nails
in it without candles are magic to guide
them home the monsters use crystals than
having eight yeah it's getting a little
loud Oh what happened oh my god that
sounds what's that this Moss I didn't
put the phone
crystals
nope
a monster that's okay wash you off and
Aaron appear anything to you this at
home
great so Grover deb-deb Somalian water's
fine
fuck
okay he seems to be the quickest I think
they take down all right
Aaron yeah he's gotta flex he likes
everybody's tired
great dude dude dude looks you contest
okay that's more it's three bucks that's
right
you harder
Aaron fuck she's twice as hard dice I
won't lose though never stop for blue
Aaron is ready for my next flex Aaron
fuck sorry hard we flushed him some out
of the room Powerflex
huggy snuggle says I want to flex more
thanks nice great your HP who's max out
great
oh darn spot
fuck you know I'm terrible
it's rinsing off a pizza don't rinse off
up heats how you eat pizzas equation
why'd you do huh
what did you do to hide clean okay I'm
sure the others probably worked
different ways green music really
staying to the bottom the gaps are
bigger I asked a washer on a coming me
really means game and I still got it
green means clean so sensitive a little
first okay Mercy Mercy anyone yeah great
it's a mad cleaning robot Jack
so I have to use an item now because I
got out of the battle I'm okay well your
way through it
go I'm doing it I have no idea where I'm
going probably the wrong way you just
come in on the left should heal yourself
know that you're out of combat great
okay thank you that was the big question
is whether or not like your wounds
shit oh that's all right I can do I can
do this wall bug on hug it appreciate
some air strike another is great
what you hand
oh jesus fucking christ fuck oh my holy
fuck
yep I'm terrible but I need to heal but
I gotta get rid of mold bug
I'm terrible
uh-uh holy muffins jakela you know I'm I
died that was a that was a risky
strategy to try to take out the the
thing and it didn't work it didn't work

[Part IV]
Richie Rich's on and now I'll get well
we'll get some eggs and everything will
be fine
just get them eggs yo everybody get them
eggs now he can do the secret maybe
what's the secret
it's tomato now we know how to defeat
ten a top you say hello to Tami I am oh
that's different
you oh she's playing snis Miglin
that's gross we expected timmy is trying
to go hump you I play her and she does
the heart attack well that's just great
that's just that's just fair yep that's
all oh oh my god its tummy nation hi
welcome to temporize
hi I'm Ty and this is my friend also
Tenay
hi I'm Timmy and this is my friend 10a
all right I'm Timmy don't forget my
friend hey hey you see check out 10 shop
nice I agree should check out 10 shop
humans such aa yeat him watch egg will
hatch Tam route parent
mushroom dense mushroom dense mushroom
whatever could it mean
oh you you so crazy
it symbolizes my inner torment rapture
my I fee that's great my struggles pull
away my struggle to escape but alas to
no avail
ten hurt human allergies to Tam that
okay Tim understand Tam also allergic to
ten feeling of being watched
talk to the egg it's hard boy Oh statue
of Tim very famous Barry you feel
something you're filled with
determination did you see that you feel
the determination determination oh oh
hey welcome to the ten sharp should buy
some templates fuck yeah ah temp legs
aren't sale or ten plagues expand ter
don't pay for good get ten flakes on the
sale discount food of Tim food of Tim
discount food of Tim food of ten
expressive have courage temper sue
higher education no thanks purchase buy
another one yeah yeah another one yeah
whoa beg fools whoa beg fools
okay okay no wait how much money do we
have you want a hundred G we have saved
we are saved
I've been spending too much time in Tim
tone joint this is what happens if we
put it through college we can we can't
afford it we only have 200 G we only oh
well I mean try it see what Heaven's you
don't have the money then we had more
money it would buy other stuff I don't
think we ever had more yes hello hey I'm
10 a hey I'm 10
uh stems have deep history ha go to temp
job can you sell her stuff
sell her stick well we you tak with that
like physically I think right we've been
doing nice stuff right the celery stick
I'm gonna say it's a bad idea I'm gonna
veto that all right that's fine bye-bye
what's in the box
nice crane well we put that in there
from oh oh you know what you you your
bag is full by the way you can no longer
carry items you might you might want to
get rid of items all right at least one
item in case in case um Oh apparently
you can sell the 1g template back to her
for two g's go look at the going at the
painting oh great
rich history of Tamlyn if you send her
to college she gives you a really great
defense armor you can wear out
well if we wanted to sit there long
enough right and sell 10 plagues back we
could do it that way what that way that
way
no college no college for 10 I'm a gauge
you have to grind even more - by the
hour not worth it not worth it for us
Jack you are not pointing in the right
directions well not to you but to rich I
am it looks like I'm not pointing the
right directions to you but - rich I'm
pointing the right directions settle
down
dude well well anyway it's fine this way
whatever there's an accident it's all
fine everything's fine everything's fine
they got that way now you're a now
you're in them they in a benefit what
happens if you feed Timmy tenth legs was
there a special thing that happens
I don't know how close are we to
finishing this sucker tonight by the way
someone is asking how close we are
I'm gonna guess not very
when are we gonna play some minecraft
get out of town
we're probably halfway you're almost
halfway throughout and then no we will
not be finishing this tonight would you
do stupid I did stupid yeah well there
you go fucking sweat
dude dude dude dude
what you're right I had Donuts I really
need to think about the audience while
I'm pointing out stuff too rich I'm
confusing the audience and that makes me
a very unprofessional streamer I'm very
sorry you set OBS to record your streams
as you stream why don't I get an HDD for
doing it myself but not sure what size
will be okay for four hours of footage
we actually don't record ourselves we we
just that which saves the streams which
saves the streams and then you can
either download the stream directly from
twitch or send the stream over to
YouTube and download directly from
YouTube but you can or go to a night dev
night dev has a bunch of great twitch
resources they have a downloader where
you can download past twitch broadcasts
it's not the greatest quality um
but its fate works for us I think I
think record oh no I think we're
recording the footage and streaming
would be tasking for the computer so so
we don't I you and I use a separate
program for just recording gameplay
footage if we're like playing something
for the show I use the the software that
game capture software that came with my
held gato that seems to work very nice
had a gato not to hell gato an elgato
even though
like I said helicopter the hell or
guitar or
yeah but if you're looking for footage I
grew up mr. glitch like huge hard drives
external hard drives are pretty
reasonably priced nowadays so just go
for a big one it'll be fine
I am Adam I saw that's true
tired of losing a ton of quality with
twitch downloader yeah the you know it's
compressed it's usually 720 and it's it
is what it is what it is the the quality
ain't good but uh so look into it look
into also recording you might need to
what might help if you're looking to
record and stream at the same time is
taking taking use of buffering that
might help but then you need to adjust
your microphone settings to make sure
you're synched up but
Jack have you ever looked at your
microphone and thought it looked like a
robot dick no do you think it looks like
a robot dick I mean one robots don't
need dicks right except fuck Bob though
he doesn't have one fuck but does not
have a dick
he has no dingle or dongle does he fuck
it's kind of the power it's kind of the
power fuck but we have not only have we
considered playing board games on prereq
we have actually played board games on
prereq before and I do want to play more
of them behind you
with the power of seven human souls RK
King asked or dream or will become a god
that power has gore can finally
shattered a barrier
he will finally take the surface back
from their humanity give them back the
suffering under stand
this is your only chance at red am sure
I'm good at picking endurance voices out
Jaguar
it'll be fine no I don't think it'll say
much give up yours
the only thing I'm worried about is
choosing an appropriate voice for how a
character looks and acts that's
commendable this is a creepy spooky
Specter night kind of thing right well
your night I hope you fight yo yeah you
did you died it is right in front of you
good name you've got front-row seats to
her fight that's great wait wait wait
wait down so who is she fighting hey
you're gonna tell my parents about this
are you can you get in there no I press
the button yeah what do you think who's
running away I guess
of course I won't laugh hmm
if I say I wish you promise you want fo
what yeah it's not stupid
there's our stupid pants however there
is a prophecy the angel the one who has
seen the surface they will return and
the underground will go empty okay I
can't go down there alright yo yo I know
that's supposed to be here but I've
never had an athlete about this before
yo you're human right I'm sorry y-you
are well I that I know it now I mean the
Undine told me um stay away everybody
humors right like um I guess that makes
us like enemies or something like I
stink at that you know you know say
something mean so like I can eat you
that every great please no no we're
friends god damn it what's up so I have
to do it yeah he knows nothing yo I hate
you got sir whatever si we have such a
turd hey I'm gonna go over there look at
he's got a big oh yeah lately he's
helped you know it's look he's got it
like a big nose and you know he sees he
would seem like a nasally
kind of guy now yell yo dude if I if you
want to hurt my friend you're gonna have
to get through me first
excuse me plus B excuse me pardon party
because who died to me she's got yo you
really say what's kid though it gets B
it enemies just just as I thought
dumb well we'll have to be friends
instead I guess great yeah I should I
need to really go like we're friends now
but I'm still going with parents they
probably said will worried about me or
whatever let's see why I hang out okay
his name is breezes Oh in the name of
breezes stop jack not gonna happen bad
new shoes sticking voice and I go with
it Jack has had too much coffee
good big coffee nothing could change
nothing can change me know there's big s
cave don't stop me now I'm having such a
good time
I understand
first however I shall tell you the
tragic tale of our people has house you
know what screw it
why should I tell you that story when
you're you're killing yourself for no
great reason Jack you know slightly okay
reason oh my god she's the Creature from
the Black Lagoon you you're standing in
the way of everybody's hopes and dreams
now faces for your books made me think
humans are cool we're there giant robots
and Flowery schwartzman like you yeah
just a coward hiding behind that kids
are you gonna react and let's not forget
your wimpy goody two-shoes
oh maybe such a difference by hugging
random strangers a above everyone if you
are dead that's right human be our
continued existence it's a crime you
know if it's all that stands between us
and our freedom right now I can feel
everyone's heart pounding together
everyone's been waiting there oh oh come
on everyone puts their hearts together
they can't lose sermon says notice
Sunday streams cancelled due to Jack's
upcoming throat I can't stop them and
I've tried now human let's end this
right here right now I'll show you how
to German monsters can brave step
forward right you're ready roof wolf
whoo check wet Jeng look it's time to
rethink your life choices nope
the wind is howling you're filled with
determination there I did the thing my
vocal cords I felt it I did there's a
thing good thing that's it then no more
running away oh yeah you're gonna die
you're gonna oh my god now God what what
do you think
Challenge right that is what
until him dying her attacks are too easy
the bullets get faster no no as long as
you're green you can't escape unless he
learn to face danger Lickety oh wow
there's like a shield
he smells like sushi
John Burgin yeah you tell him that air
attacks a-to-z when I said face towards
danger I tried to step in I was shot
down immediately
I meant face towards the bullet points
heroically towards the sky attacks are
too easy the bullets get faster
the bullets get unfair
ten points heroically towards the sky
each beam Excel I won't let you snatch
it away from us
grupo corpo ah
enough warming up
Oh God what was that
that was that was awful that was awful
yeah Brian bandage or you have a page to
template templates heal don't they the
beep is the B button oh you can't heal
oh oh I'm sorry rich
oh wait it's my controller living issues
gonna try it again
nope
yep go to to a tree
I glanced down for a second and said
don't read the chat full of spoilers on
it
you got this rich no really
okay you don't know eyes you're green
you can't ask it you unless you learn to
face danger head-on you won't miss a
second against me
okay how about this
no nice one rich I'm looking at chat for
years
who's dreamed of a happy ending oh damn
rich yeah this one I'm gonna get this
one is gonna get impossible and now son
all right
oh-oh-oh rich Jack Schaap that I know I
know that was
Oh goddamn you when in flips her spear
and patiently
yeah it's F
oh nice one spirit patiently you're
gonna clean again
you told my dad you didn't want to fight
but nothing that happened ah but even if
you could beat me oh you can do this
rich I believe in you
okay Oh start off with pleading
interesting
well challenging wasn't working out so
well right all right
she's towering threatening Lee now
good flash is a menacing smile we've
been here before I don't want to fight
you who dine moon Dean London
flips her spear impatiently we've been
here before okay that's good oh what a
fight it's just within our reach
oh snap Ridge she suplexed a huge
boulder what
- bounces in patiently
yeah draws our finger across her neck
what
Hey yep
nice reach holds our fist in front of
her and shakes her head oh my god but
even if you could
Oh
who's dreaming
you tell you know you just want to be
friends she remembered something her
attacks become a little less extreme
home no human has ever made it past a
score so what you need to challenge her
and then plead I plead please challenge
please yeah yeah that's why our goal our
goal don't look at you I know like we
were so used to checking the chat yeah
yeah just to you know interact with
y'all I think I think I got this in my
own but something else happens she's
getting there y'all's is full of
spoilers yo
ugly
here's rune of happy endings is nice
as the light is just within our reach
nice it smells like
it won't let you snatch it away from us
all right
puts her spear impatient
that's confessor yeah it's alright
we're still good exhibit that thinks of
our friends and pounds the ground with
our fists
not reading that right now
power is threatening me okay I think you
got a pleat again want to be friends she
remembers someone attacks become a
little less extreme if you cut me
think across her neck
so again you just want to be friends she
remembers someone no human has ever made
a dress a score all right yes all right
sounds like sushi good good honestly
killing you now is more an act of mercy
those bastards with the slow
but nothing Oh interesting nope
Scholz aren't yours responsibility
stop being so damn resilient you need to
do we need to play with the keyboard
yeah would that be yeah that would be
put a lot better yeah
stay determined mochi
yeah get rid of this gap and get rid of
it getting rid of it
all right here we go
up
yes I think this will work much better
Thanks
now somebody's just within a week
great
I don't want to fight you and I
never go
negative negative get under her skin
much better much better not footage not
perfect but much better just because she
suplex is a huge boulder just because
she Kate and you are red now you're a
red heart yeah an amazing a move huh let
me take a move
well you're green you do the static
thing we can do the blocks oh okay
me
okay I get you things are a friend and
pounds the ground with her fists someone
rich you can do this humans ever made
I mean you know
honestly mercy
nice
submission
sorry it's still life so life
okay
zero zero zero zero zero
right
challenge please Oh God
this is what I call yeah
okay
I think challenge wanted read to plead
one green that's what I'm gonna go with
okay
humans were determined
Wow
bitch she wouldn't yeah
hmm
so we check the chatter do you think
does have a bunch of each other alright
hey chat it is okay now tell us what's
going on
tell us what is going on
we are now asking you
to tell us what is happening with this
fight because obviously we just don't
know
run like hell when your heart is red you
can flee the fight
flea when you are ready that's what
they're saying they're saying you have
to run away from the fight you're right
okay can you actually beat her right
they thing you can kill her
or you can you can but it's very very
hard I think you did pretty well you got
it looks like you got pretty far
well no we don't want to know if we can
kill her we want to know if like there's
a way of beating her without running
away you know like getting her through
the corrected dialogue by doing all
these insane challenges that rich is
doing like is there a way to to beat her
that way not kill her beat her it
doesn't help the world barely out of
healing matters
yeah we've never bought any in shops
really so we should work on that once
work okay no there's no way to talk your
way out of this battle it's what they're
saying okay okay
okay I'm with it okay so now go to mercy
wait yeah what and you have to do it
again
maybe they say you have to do is like
three times
run away through them
and they say I go through the cave
yeah okay all right we got it Thank You
Chet thank you
is there any reason to switch between
pleading and challenging challenging
only seems to make her attacks faster
not good
bad news and shoes I've never seen in
k-pax I cannot answer that question
run away straight up Thanks keep running
nice rich figure out that sneaky yellow
arrow bullshit
I think I like I think something like
this is there's a tough balance between
figuring it out in game and also like
engaging with the community it's
something we dabbled on a little bit
during our during our blood-borne review
which is like this is all part of it is
like talking with your friends about a
game going down the line message boards
and forums and like just using the
community to help figure out the problem
we're not going to do it we're done
looks
looks like your dad
yellow arrows might be too much for me
oh my god I can't believe you did that
that's okay rich we can call it yeah
we're gonna call it
these cannot end now only it is it's
totally ending right now yes only ending
now
I think this game is incredibly cute
it has a ton of personality right you
know
well I'm gonna Jack packs up and goes
and I'm gonna I'm gonna play some
blood-borne I'm gonna be back so the
stream is only temporarily it's going on
like a brief break yeah but I'm gonna be
back I'm gonna set a blood-borne fuck
I'm probably gonna watch a movie right
all right
okay so yeah let's let's look at our 12
again where this screen gave her the
next screen will look at our three a
true and we'll say yeah
ragged scribe stood 91 ice bone badger
16 months in a row a horrible glory for
13 months in a row desperate pumpkin
dinos spumoni frosty snooze 16 months in
a row is a good name meet clackin rich
read Stardust crack cocaine
oh that's also a good one crack cocaine
our mill 3r our Miller I know it's our
Miller but this is a three lead speak
shit
Huggy snuggle and Huggy snuggle tag
you forgot the end that's the one on the
bottom now we're all fucked up now we
got no ending how they gonna close hi
Ethan a girl when you need softness in
your laundry youth huggy snuggle we fill
your sweaters with dreams we've we've
and we fill your dreams with cans gotta
be behind the couch if you use hub
snuggle and your laundry then everything
will be rainbows and magic when when you
use huggy snuggle your parents will have
you again no that's a burp I don't want
to burp I want a boo where we go when
you use Huggies snuggle your softness
that's not a it's not a it's not a boo
it'll bleed it'll believe you snuggle
