Nov 1, 2015
Undertale
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/26080441
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/26080621
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKNOBf-OBhc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wd6DgBIN2b4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/660895951465398272

[Part I]
we're rolling the ball is that the ball
is on ballpoint oh one thing yeah big
picture mode get your butt up in the
hizzy oh my god oh my god are you saying
oh my god because I said my microphones
flying all over the place spaz undertale
I'm gonna hate it when I was like you
hate that game why'd you play it if you
hate it undertale is the new hunt I'm
gonna say you wanted me to play it we're
gonna say we hate you
undertale is the new hotness we're gonna
play it but we figured once again we
will be doing dual duty by trying to
play it with the steam controller
because that worked out so well left oh
alright we are going to set this thing
up oh my god I need to make this
fullscreen you have to do it and you
have to do that using the steam
controller I can't here we're not gonna
let me use the keyboard only this team
thing only the steam controller
I don't know this fullscreen all right
I'm gonna hit the steam button
oh my god look at how tiny that is I
love it here's here's a weird thing
we've just discovered about the oh I
gotta make this time assemble some we
just discovered by the steam controller
that the menus mm-hmm they display in
the game's display hmm no matter how
tiny that game just display us which is
weird I love it Frank
freaking let me get my reading glasses
on because that the whole point was you
can do this from the couch let me get my
reading black well you need to full
screen why why I have to use this to do
it though so I need to set a control
with this to full screen of the game
I'll doing other than this yeah I'm
gonna make a button what button should
be full screen oh no it's already a
button okay sorry a button of the left
bumper is full screen windowed mode oh
so they are there zone so there's
bindings just for this game we're
already set we're already set
that's nice which bumper the left bumper
I think you have to get out of here and
go back to the game okay that's nice
boom so this is one of the nice things
but the community presets community
priest we're all ready said look at that
alright big picture mode is a feature
rich don't you see no no it's it's not
it's a pain in the ass that's really
true
that's really true while we're getting
started rich what did you think about
ash vs. Evil Dead oh it's funny it's
very fun I we that's why we're running a
little late is because we were watching
at shorts as Evil Dead
I actually did not get a chance to watch
it last night over Halloween and today I
was working on stuff so I didn't get to
watch it so we watched it it was great
name the fuck should we go back and try
and find what the story might be in this
oh yes it's an RPG we should yeah
alright I guess we haven't even started
the game yet so I guess it's just asking
a winner oh what a fallen human is yet
but we have to name what it right let me
don't need a chat name who wants to be a
fallen human oh I see I see that rich
your mouse is over there can you we have
to deviate from the steam controller to
move the mouse off the screen because
that's annoying thank you
and no game audio you don't have any
game none you should have said I mean
it's very quiet right now but you should
have some black screen no display what
hold hold your horse and I have to find
my way out of big picture mode hold them
horses you know and I can't oh there's
no option to all tap out with big
picture mode and that nice I'm gonna use
the keyboard again Jack I'm sorry oh
yeah let me check this out let me uh
window we are actually we're not doing
window capture we're doing just um
there's things on the screen we're doing
monitor capture
because we wanted you to watch our big
picture mode there's nothing on the
screen oh that is a weird thing with my
under capture all right well we can't on
here well we're gonna show you the steam
menus and whatnot I guess we're just not
gonna do that what is that what is wish
which look the game audio is tweakin
when we talk no I think it's just weird
coincidence okay
I go back to capturing just the game I
did
it's already done oh great already done
then we're great okay great so did we
figure out who's getting named the fuck
come up with a fun name we got it what
first person to say what Jack say what
groovy
okay the first person who says groovy
will be named the fallen demon groovy oh
I do I would like I would like to Wayne
how was it no keys or smoke what was it
that scrolled up already yep mokey b85
all right I was a lowercase mo mo
underscore key but you can oh my god oh
my god I gotta go way back so there we
go backspace on the screen again Oh rich
fuck off fuck off I will mop all right
but I can't put in a space so they're
just gonna be okey I like that mokey yep
I know no numbers or nothing just mokey
really yeah they those numbers might be
very important to them Jack okay you
don't care no no ass either
mokey it's just okay mokey all right
mokey
uh yeah whatever like mokey we're mokey
oh my god it's zooming out at us is this
name correct yes
that's exciting mokey you are the
following and whatever that means we
don't know the story yet
okay yeah oh my god what's love stand
for I love Jack is regretting the voice
my voice it's comfortable to do and not
horribly humiliating I'll share some
with you know this is working out great
so that's a new thing isn't for coming I
share love through little white
friendliness pellets that's that's
different
definitely I'm missing yes reluctantly
okay in this world its killer be killed
why would anyone pass up an opportunity
like this
whoa holy fuck Oh what is that oh my god
what is happening Oh what it's a bouquet
check torturing such a poor innocent
youth do not be afraid my child
I am Tyrell sorry you Tory oh fuck
toriel toriel can't take care of the
ruins I pass through this place every
day see if anyone has fallen down for
the first human to come here a long time
come I will guide you to the catacombs
this way
oh yay toriel miss Tori I'm gonna try to
kill us - I know what is that thing
that's the thing that looks like a
butthole the shit the shadow of the
ruins lose about filling you with
determination
oh so fucking determined Oh ready age me
fully restored we didn't lose anything
yeah we'll save sure rose engine smile
say that right baby
great that's fine toriel welcome to your
new home innocent went wrong allow me to
educate you in the operation of the room
that's great
root
food puzzles ancient fusions between
diversions and door key when the sub
them to dolphin door keys are there
nerds down here essence canvas cavern of
doors
these suggest yourself to the side of
them okay
to make progress here you will need to
trigger several switches that worry I
have labeled the ones that you need to
flip Lesley to read signs or a because
I'm using the same controller lay on pay
off for you are you doing oh I missed
your dialog cuz I hit a thing no that
was the switch I think you're supposed
to go on mister switch on the left
splendid I am proud of you gets the one
Oh
it just moved to the next room are you
having a stroke is tutorial yes these
horns in my header actually tumors oh no
in my brain is a human living in the
underground monsters may attack you for
sure you need to be prepared for this
situation however very not process is
simple you encounter a monster you enter
fights or what a fight are you in a
fight strike up a friendly conversation
what stall the time I will come to
resolve the conflict practice talking to
the dummy
all right you encounter you encountered
the dummy
so talk act
fights no don't fight I'm just looking
at what I can do
no item merci
whoa okay here we go Oh
talk check or talk check check it out
dummy you're attacked of zero defense
zero okay a cotton heart and a button Oh
cutting hurting up at night you are the
apple of my eye I thought a was like the
control a hit a two cotton heart and a
dummy stands around absent-mindedly
okay talk to the dummy you talk to the
dummy dummy says I don't think the
dummies gonna talk back
it doesn't seem much for conversation
sure it's like the big bad guy of the
game gonna be like hiding inside the
dummy the whole time but I just did I
just spoil the one twist rich what a
twist
toriel seems happy with you I suppose we
could have attacked I think the the meta
of this game because on the steam page
it says you can go through the whole
game without fighting anyone yeah so I
believe the meta of this game is to make
it through the game without fighting
anyone I wonder what happens if you do
fight everyone I don't I don't know we
we won we earned 0 XP and zero go well
ah very good you are very good you know
there is another puzzle in this room I
wonder if you can solve it I hope they
cure my tumors I'm dying I'm in pain
every day froggit attacks you should we
should we see what happens if we fight
or are we gonna try to go pacifism bless
the chat sir
guys should should we beat the fuck out
of this frog or we should check out the
hook while the DJ revolves it what not
unless you want to have a bad time one
time I kill pacifism pacifism fascism
seems to be winning passes and winning
sorry
Oh compliment or threat
complimented Czech tech for defense 5
life is difficult for this enemy oh we
should compliment it oh oh she looks
Stern is it as she assuming tutorials
she it has eyelashes
probably shouldn't complement it I
wonder if we missed something was that
that time Alex I didn't really do
anything other than Shack of us checking
a lone wolf well if she just says you
have to stall for time yeah it sound
like that was like a low-level enemy so
just checking salt for time and she came
and gave it a stern look huh she she
mega punched it this is the puzzle but
here take my hand for a moment weak-ass
smells already
unless we need to remember this there's
no way a bunch of ups and downs house it
seemed a little too dangerous for now
oh my god
we've done excellently that's far my
child however I have difficult request
to ask of you
this is awkward well have you heard of
euthanasia yet of genocide because I
want these I heard it relaxant very much
okay go go there she goes I want to die
with some tea
take this pillow and smother me I'd like
you to walk to the end of the room by
yourself
oh well I mean that's kind of a normal
thing to ask
forgive me for this shit I reject Oh
meetings my child do not worry I did not
leave you trusted me there was an
important reason for this exercise okay
to test your independence
I'm must attend to some business and you
must stay alone for a while I think that
toriel is a helicopter parent I'll look
after her I have a parent
we've the giant side in order to try to
protect it these are made here it's
dangerous to explore by yourself I have
an idea I will give you a cellphone yeah
you're a helicopter parent if you have a
need for anything just call be good all
right all right
good let's go exploring man you want to
explore you wanna you don't want to call
her huh huh
there's another test yeah that's what
this is well it's gonna make us wait
here 40 minutes Oh like the test is she
did she tell us the way medians sure
well wait here and let's talk about ash
versus evil yeah that sounds like a good
idea okay something we were talking
about ash vs. Evil Dead why's I was sam
raimi directed the pilot but is not
directing any other episode yes it is my
first thought was this is something to
worry about
but before we streamed you said
something to me that I thought was very
shocking yeah you thought that might be
a good thing it might be a good explain
this to me because I can't see how this
makes any sense
so like the the pilot was good yeah the
first episode was was fine it had all of
the the wonderfulness of the Evil Dead
seasons but it didn't it didn't have any
sort of it didn't have any of that new
modern Sparta 2 which is not a bad thing
that's not a criticism but bringing in
pardon the pun some fresh blood might
elevate ash versus the evil versus evil
dead from a nostalgia property into
something new and exciting
possibility or you could end up with
terrible directors who direct very
tribal and evil that episodes and do you
necessarily want anything other than a
nostalgia trip yes I do want something
else do something big you know I love
evil done but I if I if I want to watch
evil that I'll just watch the movies
those already exist this is a new thing
and I want something new one one thing
I'm kind of happy about as other than
the one line they didn't really reuse
the old ones he never says right oh yeah
shit like that
so again then again I guess they don't
have the rights to army of Darkness they
can't mention army of Darkness oh is
that true yes so I guess I'm doing about
any of those lines are probably off
limits
well his character is definitely
different he's written like the
character from army of darkness
he's with he's written things that
version of ass he's written like a
caricature of ash from army of Darkness
- from army of darkness was a character
caricature character caricature whatever
but he's even he's ten times I'm gonna
say this is not a test so you're giving
up already are we walking off screen are
we using the cell phone is the question
well she said call if we need anything
report huh we're bored that's what we
need I think this is the cell phone
tutorial I'm gonna say
you know you wanna you wanna just walk
off sorry all right
I mean I want to walk out scream here we
go oh hello this is toriel you have not
left the room have you there are a few
puzzles ahead that I have yet to explain
and you'd be dangerous to try to solve
them yourself
be good I'll write I can't just sit
there and wait can we talk about more
kawatte call her mom flirt talk about
herself or say hello I'm going what say
hello yeah well I might call our mom
she's if I can go oh my god
dialing this is Tori and you and they
wanted to say hello
okay well then oh I hope that's of Isis
click okay
I bet the not suffice we need to explore
about ourselves we need to go exploring
dialing
this is hurry up you want to know more
about me well other than the cancer I'm
I'm afraid there's not much to say I'm
just a silly lady worries too much right
now I'm not calling her mom so yes we
will explore ok you don't want to call
her mom or flirt like that
no I don't want to flirt with a guy I'm
just you know saying those are our two
options left ok go see what that guy's
rocket rocket
compliment well first check right life
is difficult for this enemy meow meow oh
my god oh my god
Oh can't touch you okay we have to dodge
them that's really neat you are
intimidated by frog it's raw strength a
home beginning complemented Varga didn't
understand what you said but was
flattered anyway Oh blushes deeply
ribbit oh good luck Vince if I you what
how are we losing HP even complement it
again okay now watch your heart well I
did dodge the thing yeah see I didn't
lose HP then great threat good look if
you complimented it seems to be really
easy to dodge his attacks well super
threatened scared shiver shiver yeah see
this is these are harder to dodge you
got a compliment
someone someone who's giving us a subway
wait someone is giving us a tip yeah
when the name is yellow like that yeah
we can show mercy ah
okay great
no XP that's sad I don't I think that's
the thing in this game I don't think you
do earn XP it's this take one take a
piece of candy
we're independent-minded now because
we're leaving we're leaving not mom
behind we're gonna take that candy
hey that's it that's totally up to you
man totally up to you you can Monster
candy that's okay yo so HP is a distinct
non licorice flavor no you know what
many candies have a novelist
all right okay oh my god
I don't want to fight you target
compliment
I like it that we make the frog flash
apparently it's not always the D jumping
frog one
Hey so in any case to wrap up ash versus
evil oh yeah is I'd then I would love I
think anyone who is in the running ooh a
whimsy a winsome nice already back five
that's zero it's too sensitive to fight
forgive me whoa all right checking does
count as an action oh sure oh my god
continues to mutter abolish
oh goody L already yeah okay is I think
anyone who would be in the running
slash interested in directing ash vs.
Evil Dead is someone who's excuse me I
have some ice for you my battling
monsters had a certain layer Fightin's
he almost defeat them they might not
want to battle you anymore
monsters not want to fight you please
you some mercy human alright okay okay
ash receive that any director who is
looking to direct that is a director who
understands the style involved yeah so
I'm not I'm not too worried about that
I'm very interested to see what episode
two brings I'm interested to see what a
non samret in the episode brings
together I want some new style you
rocket
let's check on a bomb
huh what's going on wow they're saying
this game is adorable and then they're
saying we shouldn't play this anymore
and then they're saying I hear the soak
game is overrated then they're saying oh
shit prereq explained my new favorite
game so you know what we're running the
full gamut here yeah which we always do
ok that's ok
nope bridge ok you did it
hello this is toriel no reason in
particular which do you prefer cinnamon
or butterscotch
what
make out all sorts of assumptions what
if it's like a cinnamon roll you'd
prefer a butterscotch candy over a
cinnamon roll yeah we'll see yeah I am
with you rich Evans is an elderly man is
an LDC thank you very much and fuck you
jack
yeah a fearsome fear and sensitivity and
judgments on this but Erskine you know
butterscotch is immune hello this is
Timmy I'm here I'm just like cinnamon do
you I know what your preference is but
but you don't have your nose if you
found it on your plate right right I
understand thank you for being patient
by the way I didn't make you a cinnamon
toast three out of four gray rocks
recommend you push them Oh project
that's right cinnamon all the way
yes we all learned a little something
about rich tonight the man likes
butterscotch very strange not especially
enamored of either really I'm just given
the choice between cinnamon and
butterscotch I think maybe butterscotch
about cinnamon toast you know what I
don't think I've ever cinnamon toast I
don't think I ever had much of a taste
for cinnamon you know what you put a
little you make some toast butter it up
then pour cinnamon sugar on it and you
got yourself a sweet-ass breakfast
oh I get it what this is the path Oh
interesting
please don't stab found believes that
makes sense that makes sense okay and
we're good
molds mall blocked your way oh oh it's
already yellow emit tape flirt or it's
already yellow you wiggle your hips
molds of all Wiggles back what a
meaningful conversation
sexy wiggle oh my god I'm gonna guess
and the check and confirm this did you
only earn XP if you murder I would
assume I would absolutely assume
but if we murder alright mother would be
upset with us if we murdered rich how do
you know how a pair of froggit oh my god
a Qatar Zoo asks a very serious question
yeah
belts or suspenders I don't think I've
ever worn a pair of suspenders if it
wasn't for some sort of costume song I
think that yes anybody wear suspenders
if they're not like weird and it's not
like the 1940s I think like really
really morbidly obese people half-twist
so I'm gonna go bounce
I like bounce
what a strange and wonderful like RPG
turn-based combat mechanic where you
have to actually I do a little game
thing I like that
now that you've never played it because
I know your feelings on handhelds but
they do a similar thing in the Super
Mario Brothers RPGs for the Game Boy
Advance and with the s and whatnot where
you have to do certain timed events
during the turn-based combat
yeah makes it a little more interesting
I mean you mean interesting in any way
shape or form it gives you a little bit
of control yeah MC Lucas says he's
guessing that eventually you'll be
forced to kill to progress maybe
Oh Oh all the way down oh alright maybe
maybe we'll be forced to kill or or
maybe I think that's the tagline of the
game is you don't have to kill right
that's that's the way they bill it I'm
gonna say I'm gonna say not whimsy yeah
you won what oh not over fern I have to
go to the sign yeah yeah
because George Martin is a jet yeah
george RR martin wear suspenders and he
is a giant big fat man and so I'm only
assuming that belts just don't work for
him I think eventually that shape yeah
don't worry they become completely
impractical right can't find belts that
large yeah custom-built but you know if
you actually need to breed a cow that is
large enough oh how horrible or you know
like I think also it oh the battlefield
is filled with the smell of mustard why
I don't I don't know that I can handle
this what I don't know that I can handle
this strange it's very strange
well you can Mercy Fraga day all right
yeah that's good or I think if you wear
like suits every day the suspenders is
also wrote you know like and if you're
uh if you're like a fashion guy you can
wear like the suspenders as a fashion
accessory but
I wear t-shirts and jeans most of the
time so it's mostly fucking for you
oops oops what'd you do oh I
accidentally ran away but oh my god
rich rich I mean fuck you I'm gonna hand
the controller to you you fuck around
with him now you're doing great
no no yeah
you're kind of failing all of them but
those are so difficult right so
difficult what happens when you run away
I think you just don't get any cold or
anything oh I think I got the gold one
fron I killed you kill the Frog well
spare me spare two frog defeated be
defeated you sure
oh no I'm sure many people wear
suspenders as part of their job
oh my god that's way too difficult oh my
god oh my god I may not have been the
best idea I should have I should have
got rid of the winsome immediately sure
no I'll get a boat get rid of both at
once it'll be great
nope wasn't great it was not great whoa
there whoa there partner
Oh said you could push me around hmm so
you're asking me to move over okay just
for you pumpkin
hmm let me move some more yeah all right
how's this
no what is wrong direction
okay that's great you're what you're
welcome or do you want me to say there
give me real workout your pal right
you want
hey we got nothing I'm I'm inclined to
believe that this is a sort of arthouse
game we're supposed to be you know
relying on RPG tropes to
help us gain a messiah story what this
this seems like the Stanley parable of
old-school RPGs
seeing that Jesus would be with me here
whereas the Stanley parable yeah do you
see that mouse hole okay oh geez what
yeah
so the Stanley parable yeah uses kind of
first-person movement tropes to to tell
an interesting story
yeah right where it's not necessarily
about your ability to play the game the
Stanley parable but it's about the
gameplay
this ghost keeps can't saying zo
repeatedly pretending to sign it's not
snoring move it with force no no no ask
it politely
zzzzzz zzzzzz
are they gone yet zzzzz why can you go
above or below it nope oh you mean go
around it yeah well you just have been
running into it
No all right so what we turn off i was i
was saying that this this room i'm gonna
call this so far obviously you know
we're two seconds into the game but this
is reminding me very much it comes
napstablook napstablook this reminds me
very much of the Stanley parable wait
Jim let's trim up oh yeah okay the
impatient smile oh no no you have to
avoid his tears rich Oh God oh my god a
little bit better okay that's good
should we I don't like that cheer yeah I
just wait down oh my god
yeah yeah that's right now
monstro you went into your item oh oh
maybe try to cheer him up again it's old
napstablook little joke he's got two
heads now huh
things are getting better yeah let's
tear yeah oh my god oh god oh god oh
great yeah I think you got a cheer then
you go cheer mom
why cuz I don't like that that dodge for
the cheer threatening is not good yeah
the same thing threatening does not help
our situation means no go wow look at
the sheering seems to have improved Nats
absolute again but you threatened by
flirting again hey there baby goose
I just weigh you down oh that's right
flirting didn't do any good we need to
cheer I think about what you doing
system
Oh Oh what
death of why
does anybody - do you like his hat yes
how do I tell him I like his hat cheer
oh gee
I usually come to the woods because
there's nobody around but today I met
somebody nice Oh
I'm rambling again I'll get out of your
way food made by spiders for spiders
I've spider what oh my god for spiders
and never listens to me right sock I
skip through my words my pressing acts
that's right pressing acts well at least
you listen to me
ever driven I heard your network and
make it have a full screen get out of
here
this is just like you know we were
playing on
nig SAP crawled up close ooh oh that
MiG's a bird
oh the mix app is the partner oh look at
him he this little dance doesn't have a
care in the world
fuck yeah mix app you want it man
looking I'm doubt you mix up yet no dog
let's talk about star let's talk hey JJ
mixed up doesn't have much care in the
world
I'm just fucking chilling down that's
great tech 7 defense 5 it seems evil but
it's just with the wrong crowd like
alone damn Emma gasps whatever I thought
I gasped big big stop big God yeah I get
it bye alright so your Stanley parable
terrible so don't you think like not at
all where it seems like the game the
gameplay is just light enough to service
kind of a subversive narrative about
gaming and about gaming in general no no
that's what I'm picking up so I'm really
not picking that up okay
that's what I'm picking up it's playing
with some kind of pacifist angle we
haven't even tried attacking yeah so I
don't know I don't know what would
happen sure leave seven gold in the web
no where's the big website leave 18 gold
on the web oh sure small one let's go
yeah whatever what does he do I don't
know all right good I'll do it yeah went
up and gave you a jug great now we got a
jug man that's awesome oh listen in chat
by the way I I am judge you know
obviously my my analysis of the game is
based on the 12 seconds in which we have
played so obviously I oh that's right
this lady I just realized it's been a
while since I've cleaned up hasn't that
expected to have company so soon
probably a lot of things lying it out
here and there you can pick him up did I
carry more than you need someday you
might see something you really like
you'll want to leave room in your
pockets for that nope me gasp mercy Wow
ah just be yourself just be yourself
shouts don't never care in the world
peace there's one switch once watched
what are you talking about I'm sorry or
you fall through visual aid came out of
the earth
vegetto oh my god EEP dude dinner talk
talk with her talk pants can't talk
dummy oh my god I got you got carrot
adventure Boyd
you got you got karate'd dog dinner oh I
just ate offers a healthy meal eight
degrees get oh oh oh god damn it eat the
green ones yeah I can see that now okay
dinner oh you tried to eat me Arden what
are you doing man I'm hitting the wrong
button is what I'm doing what are you
doing man
shut up shut up we're gonna die unless I
eat that green thing you gotta eat the
green thing man
offers a healthy meal eat greens
your hands not just in my hands now you
cannot give up just yet
I don't know I should have used the item
I wanted to try it
thank forget the thing would let me take
another hit
I just died oh you got hit after you hit
the green thing
this cheese has been here quite a long
time it stuck to the table here you want
to reach it
fine all right if you want me to take it
off your lap though yeah get a little
closer
it works me I want it I want it fuck
this play bomb game bomb game oh the
game where we defuse the bomb business
you know what we're gonna play something
new every once in a while you use a new
game oh shit that's okay how to do it so
you can try the actual combat
okay hi there like fighting fight see
what happens yeah if you want to sup to
you
oh that's your that's your twin stick
shooter background prop it up right
there mr. Isaac right I'm fine thanks
it's very strange and s the book is
staring into the distance
plug in your lug you have to never
attack to get the best ending no yeah
well I've already attack now I wanted to
see what happened is it never attacker
just never murderer so we can weaken him
and then spare him I believe right
see what happens now you know what we
can always um go back to our same
you can hurt but no motor
I might have just murdered
I'm gonna murder him I just want to see
what happens you to know you can't kill
ghosts right except I just murdered you
motherfucker
spider-man Carper Illinois
I was just lowering my HP because I
didn't want to be rude pretend to be me
you lost one experience
nice well that's interesting very
interest what did you quit huh so I can
start back from the save point oh really
well yeah no this is my experience point
here we go we can always go back oh no
the game remembers not if I just quit my
fucker
see look boom back here back here how
about that I just wanted to see what
happened game knows you're not escaping
it oh well that's fine
I'm sorry yeah you know what it was good
to see he was good to see what happens
I pay I gave napstablook a patient smile
I'm assuming we could start a new game
at some point sure
here
I told napstablook a little joke
napstablook wants to show me something
I call it dapper I think that's bloat
the book is that feel okay is that book
or bloke I feel okay yeah Luke Luke I
don't know okay great go to the spider
bake sale you get that joke little huh
oh wait I need to fight more monsters I
need that jug yep I lost money I mean I
want that joke you've lost money then we
fight someone over here shut your cow
yeah cow yeah you know what that's
something I've never wanted I find you
how yeah orderly disgusting it would be
who've you to shut up
ooh
mix up
and she can just do mercy how do you do
how do you get over there cancel out be
over the mercy spill
right now we got gold now we're gonna go
get a jug great its jug time baby
oh but
there's like a thing over here okay
hogwash
miksa merci
swing your arms in the air big SAP
doesn't give a fuck the internet says
you can still get the best end but if
you get the ending where you kill
everything then you get a different
ending instead of the pacifist one no
gave me a jug great like I want that jug
that's in this one how many do we need
for this one
7g okay
sorry spiders let's get out of here
no mix-up these guys are great big ass
ah he's mix out to keep getting this
fucking name wrong and I don't know why
you keep getting this fucking name wrong
he's mix up it's not that hard
it's fucking name thing okay get the
thing okay
what No get the thing on this over oh my
god looks it's like this monsters
incorporated
oh no house key oh fuck I didn't want to
attack you please don't pick on me oh
I'm so sorry I'd press the wrong button
don't pick it up someone gets it it is
still attacking well you know he's those
are happy bubbles happy bubbles that
hurt you mercy hey great I can six gold
that's nice
you can find the small spider web thing
okay go down wait first before then see
that is go up go up up looks you I want
more news carrot that's a monster
it's a veggie wood veget I'd miss a
monster harmed locally very locally
it's here for sure that's great
veggies right offers a healthy meal
each greens motherfucker I think I do I
need to eat a green in order to get rid
of them no find out time to locally
can't service wasn't yellow my dry spell
why are you trying every no yes the
yellow I don't know when is yellow isn't
it alright name is yellow you can give
me a green motherfuckers didn't stay low
and wait for the green there you go
there you go you got that green got that
green all right now now you can spare
ok great now we know how to deal with
the victims
all right now we're gonna go buy some
spider shit okay
with his kids unbearably large head
he's a dumb kid I don't like this kid
you don't like what do I care about this
kid it's good schmuck I don't want to be
a kid like that would donut like that
now we got a donut and a jug I don't
give no shits noting that Doug jug
coffee man we're gonna coffee and
doughnuts we're stupid kid with mommy
issues
hugs everybody's my gold mom looks don't
fight don't pick up I get it looks feels
a mum yells the moment
that gold great okay I hate to switch
already yes I have to hit it again well
we'll see
would you it's a switch present the far
door is not an exit
it's simply simply marks a rotation in
prospective what press it sure we're
done nothing happened
all right looks don't pick up I always
hit the random battles and you're just
walking you just want to get to the end
and then just just stop suddenly and you
have to do this shit yeah that's part of
it and stomach it more if you could see
the enemies coming and plan your
movements accordingly actually I find
that more frustrating because then like
you can't always get around them and
then it's the same situation then at
least it's not surprise you got to stop
what you were doing for a minute what
happened
nothing happened I press all three
switches and nothing happened
walk out the door the Bombers swing you
home big SAP don't give no fucks that's
what I was programmed it to say
yeah I hate I hate the the this one some
person a little with a little mini
twin-stick dodge game but I can't stand
the the hit a do the most efficient
attack just keep hitting ain't until the
enemies dead both take them and just
keep dude dude like 50 times
uh-huh until it dies and then the the
random pop ups battles those are the two
things about Jeremy G's that I fuckin
hate and that's that's like 90% of every
JRPG this is why I hate the genre mega
punch
nothing happened no I don't want to
fight you
being me is the best Oh mix-up
peace this is basically all we're doing
right now is farming gold okay so it's
not the blue one maybe it's the green
one or it's not the red on nope it's not
the green one
well at least it's something
change the room so then you step on blue
did you step on blue yet yeah go up oh
no vegetto aids a pair oh oh my god
that's that's actually potentially
problems it's okay
it's gonna offer me a healthy meal then
damn well better do it
Gate 2 because just two of them know
I can do this we have a we have a donut
and we have a thing that candy monster
everything yes yes
I died
hey everyone we need to get a gold which
is nice yeah
read the sign you fucks I told you
depress my didn't wait wait you press
the boost which I did press the blue
switch oh you get to press the one
that's hidden behind the pillar well I
did I did it
no you just fuck you think you've just
ended up touching monsters no I hit it
okay what do you want to eat spider
donut spider cider monster candy let's
eat a monster can be great if you can
read this
press the red switch
exactly
all right spare that thing right away
swing your arms baby great things that
doesn't give no fucks peace freak old
you like niggas I do know I like MIG
stop
you can read this
do this that's the green switch but now
they're hidden behind pillar yeah exact
mala just be yourself
still give it a peer pressure these
battles are so goddamn irritating but i
can assume like Brewster like Brewster
that you also don't like JRPGs oh boy
this is the this is actually fairly
interesting you know relatively speaking
interesting JRPG battles did he at least
least had that dodge thing that gets old
after a while right but at least it's a
little bit more than just yeah just
between you and me I saw toriel come out
of here just a little while ago she was
carrying some groceries yeah I didn't
ask what they were for or all too
intimidated to talk to her
ribbet oh yeah that's Justi possibly
quite high yeah you found a toy a knife
oh dear that took longer than I thought
it would we were told to stay put what
do you mean oh how did you get here my
child
are you hurt there there I will heal you
oh yeah I should not have left you alone
for so long and it's true you were a
negligent parent irresponsible trying to
spell irresponsible to try to surprise
you like this was it was your your bitch
well I suppose I cannot hide it any
longer come small one this is tree
batter
every time the old tree grows any leaves
all right on
there's the heel thing and the same
thing
here we go do you smell that
it was the dog it was me it must have
been you
you smell surprise it's a butterscotch
cinnamon pie that totally is not a
cinnamon pie with butterscotch poured on
top of it I thought we might celebrate
your arrival I want you to have a nice
time living here so I will hold off on a
snail pie for tonight yeah I have
another surprise for you this is it it's
a whole way
it's door you're going to paint it a
room of your own I hope you like it you
can stay here and never leave right ever
ever I was something burning
um Oh make yourself at home Roy Ike this
what's this you've seen this type of
flag before but do not know its name
who's this what's this what's this
what's this
there are these cool toys they don't
interest you at all
I'm too cool toys I got a dance with
mime is up a box of kids shoes in
disparity that's great I'll lay it oh
wait wait wait I think we just passed
over a detail that's interesting what a
disparity of sizes what's what does that
mean different size shoes so different
guessing you're not the only person to
have inhabited this room I mean I would
assume not if this game takes a dark
turn I'll be happy oh oh my god I went
to bed and I got a hat Oh
tell me that doesn't look like a that
looked like a slice of the cinnamon
butterscotch pie she was talking about
that looks like an Indiana Jones fedora
no yes looks like a pie on a plate I
definitely in the context of what she
said that looks like a motherfucking hat
that is an Indiana Jones Fedora right
there look at that jag is extremely
embarrassed right now
that is a hat and there's no going back
it's on it's on record for everyone to
see a hat that's totally apart
looks like a hat what's in this room no
there's some people in the chat that
thought that looked like a hat Thank You
Chad
subterranean plants water sausages I got
a water sausage for you but boom
what's your diary said I'm not leaving
there doesn't got like a kiss on it read
a fucking diary
what are your fucking diary why because
why wouldn't you because I'm a polite
little boy that's someone else's
personal diary would you want to read
her diary ah you do it here I am NOT
being a part of reading toriel's diary
this is we have to test out the steam
controller read the circle passage is
not a story oh this is not me you read
the passage why did the skeleton want a
friend because she was feeling bone Lee
are you happy now I'm very happy you got
that poem the rest of the page is filled
with jokes of a similar caliber get out
of there man how's the same joke the
same joke they could only take it on the
right one joke
do you remember shovel knight well I
think the Frog I don't think I ever ran
out of things for the Frog pun about oh
I got him that's it that's actually an
achievement is if you can listen to all
of the frogs bad jokes there you go
you did it I did it way to go you broke
toriel's trust to be fair jack murdered
the ghost undermined my product I wanted
to see what would happen in combat oh my
god it's it's it's it's it's your evil
duplicate behind that cutout in the wall
he's going to steal your soul what has
happened lies we're playing a game
called undertale undertale which is some
kind of RPG thing for you you don't kill
animals but there's still in combat
thing that happens you can't choose to
kill them or whatever
but trapped by the barrier and fearful
of further human attacks we retreated
far far into the earth we walked until
we reached the caverns and this was our
new home which we named home
appropriately enough
congratulations game as great as our
King is he is pretty lousy advanced she
looks she throws like adorable reading
that bark hmm see that that's a pie
right there I get that it's in the
kitchen it's the guy little thing cut
out of it what's in the that's a that's
an elderly pac-man when I was your age
we had to run from ghosts yeah we eat
pellets to make us strong that make her
music better eh damn hippies we're not
none of that fancy ghost armor for some
reason there's a brand named chocolate
bar in the fridge up already
I see
I want you to know how glad I am have
someone here there's so many old books I
want to share huh I want to show you my
favorite bug hunting spot it's getting
very boring it is it's very dull yeah my
life is dull and it's probably because
of the cancer
it's dull at the part of my brain that
likes likes dopamine I just want to sit
down and read books all day is one of
those things with the cancer ends up
defining you I kind of just want to die
and get it over with
take this pillow I start over you mind
I'm sorry I was in the toriel zone yeah
that's okay well I was trying to riff
with you yeah I know when I did poorly
you did you're getting very important
you're doing it so you're a poor River
rich I made you feel bad about that the
pie hat I'm not going to make me feel
bad about stepping on your line I'm not
gonna scold you because I know you know
your mistake already rich Evans fills
that improv you do you do you're not
you're not good at the yes and yeah
getting other people's space but that's
okay it works for us I guess
come on tonight I'm sorry what what this
this is your home now forever forever
and ever
do you like to hear about this book I'm
reading now it's called 72 uses for
snails how about it how about an
exciting snail effects would you like do
you like to know about snails did you
know that that snails
huh well actually they they have changed
I like tongue called a radula
interesting oh oh oh and I press the
wrong thing it's okay you know what I'm
leaving I'm just gonna leave that Oh
why'd you go downstairs do I really owe
you do is that what you think
look what happened that Turner was
reading Chen she stops me and says I
think you should play upstairs dangerous
decide hey just play here oh really
do-do-do-do we're a kidnap victim here
you'll catch a cold
do-do-do-do-do I don't think it's going
to work I'm just saying if you testing
here you'll catch a cop can we spike her
tea rice or something in the kitchen we
can use no let's just try leaving this
way
she's not really stopping me this way I
think I need to I think I broke off the
the conversation branch we got believing
yep
the cavern conversation friends I press
the wrong button I have to do something
stay here I'll stay right there
peace out Biddy I'm out don't stay out
you wish to know how to return home do
you not a head of a slice the end of the
ruins a one-way exit to the rest of the
underground I'm going to destroy it no
one will ever be able to leave again god
this is just this is just shades of my
grandmother right here this is
disturbing yeah yeah no no I want you to
be safe every human that falls down here
meets the same fate I've seen again and
again they come they leave they die they
leave their shoes in that room so many
shoes did you at least are you wearing
your shoes they died because their foot
gets infected I find their corpse and
there's so many lacerations on their
soles it's like a college dorm bathroom
down there you could fungus if you leave
the ruins a score what can't you I'm
only protecting you
do you understand go to your room she's
not my mother
do not try to stop me this is your final
warning
anybody deeper do you want to leave so
badly
just like the others there's only one
solution to this is our prove yourself
prove to me you're strong enough to
survive oh here we go here we go you
couldn't think of any conversation
topics
toriel is acting aloof
they'll present magical time we don't we
can't fight her right I don't again but
I think eventually we're gonna fix
something so find a spot
oh my god better yep item item item item
hi
ironically talking does not seem to be
the solution to this situation
what talking are you no money
that is right go upstairs already
what would it take for you to learn your
lesson do we fight her
I don't know right
you'd be like oh bitch you didn't it's a
deep breath I said this is not gonna
work oh no I'm gonna die totally
they interact
oh nice
ha
hater we're saying to spare her but no
not yellow is it all right
no it's not yeah
I keep trying to fight her I guess
he sings
then other people are citing them for
spoiling but that didn't seem to do
anything
was a toy do but quite nice you equipped
to a knife
I'm not gonna make it doesn't matter I'm
not gonna make it
I'm more inclined to try spare because
people said it was a spoiler you know
yep
Oh oh yeah yeah it's definitely easier -
okay something has definitely happened
yeah maybe just because your life it's
not fair
it's good
interesting
yeah I'm it like I'm sticking with my
playing off of ji-ji-ji throat Paul
McGregor commentary I marilene
seem too happy having to do this a while
try talking
I think attacking
hard
fighting
I don't like that is that what you're
supposed to do yours don't feed it
fighter but I stick what step Oh
Sparrow Sparrow Sparrow Sparrow we've
been sparing now for like 20 years
I if if the puzzles of this is to spare
her 20 times that's too many times your
hate with the section are you I you know
it's just dialogue at this point I think
it's obvious what's going on this is
really a battle right now right oh sure
but it's just taking too long to get to
the point right we're like right now
it's it's it seems like it's
meaninglessly dragging it out
you grow up in a place like this I fear
for you my child I will put them aside
truly wish to leave the ruins I will not
stop you however when you leave please
do not
hope you understand haha goodbye my
child right goodbye
the final look should let you leave with
2 HP gave me another slice that fucking
pie right used all my items which I may
or may not have been supposed to do will
you kill us out of frustration oh will
you give up entirely on this world the
power to control it i am the prince of
this world's future don't worry my
little monarch my plan isn't regicide
this is so much more interesting thank
you thank you I do a round of applause
for Jack I do I do I do voice work I'm
available for voice work if you I'm
really good at

[Part II]
and high-pitched voices dr. Claus and
Woody Allen that's my so many doctors
it's a nice what's happening now is the
game starting now yeah I think that was
all considered like Prolog sure and
you're getting claps by the way you're
getting applause oh good thank you thank
you
there's a camera hidden in the bushes
okay okay can I take the camera I think
that's just information okay durpa durpa
durpa that's the thing tough-looking
branch but it's too heavy to pick up
okay
because you're not tough enough but it's
been smashed like it was nothing
it's been smashed like it was nothing I
thought it was too heavy for you to pick
up a second earlier but hey was why did
I heard a noise I heard like that oh
when you want all this things in the
woods things there things in the world
rich in the world ooh
you see that yeah I saw that house neat
I like that
I'm on to you you trying to trick the
scripted sequence yeah don't you know
how to greet a new power around shake my
deck
I mean hand shake my hand but if you
want to grab my deck its it's just
hanging out there for the world to see
I'm not saying you have to shake my deck
but it's an option Oh
that was too perfect it kind of looked
like a dick I've got Jack on the brain
that's always it's always funny maybe
I've got dicks on the brain because I
was skull fuck cuz I'm a skull and
there's a giant gaping hole that leads
straight to my brain
anyways that's hilarious
I'm sands sands the skeleton I'm
actually supposed to be on watch right
now for humans but you know I don't
really care about capturing anybody I
just want you to touch my ball my ball
yeah I'm running with a theme here
what's it what's the theme I don't get
it like my dad
touched my dance now my brother papyrus
he's a human hunting
I bro made the bars too wide to stop
anyone anyone got my again work behind
that conveniently shaved Wow oh that's
you you know what's up run up it's been
eight days and you still haven't re
calibrated your puzzles you just hang
around outside the station what are you
even doing no I don't have time for that
what if a human comes through here I
want to be ready I will be the one I
must be the one I will capture a human
then hi the great papyrus will get all
the things I often ly deserve respect
recognition doing royal God people will
asked him to be my friend I will bathe
in a shower of kisses never mornin
aslam will help you sands are you not
helping you you lazybones
all you do is sit on Google you get lazy
and lazy every day ton skele todd like
the way sounds come on
you're smiling you know you want that
job I am and I hate it why does someone
as great as me have to do so much just
to get some recognition
down to that deck I will attend to my
puzzles as for your work
put a little more backbone into it I
thought I was riffing with you
you wanted that go home he might come
back and if he does it's some sort of
checkpoint or sing crew station but
there are bottles of ketchup mustard and
relish sitting inside hello hey hate to
bother you but can you do me a favor my
brother's been kind of down lately he's
never seen a human before and seeing you
just might break his day don't worry
he's not dangerous
oh rich when you do that really quiet
voice you really got to eat the mic my
god again look I had no idea what he was
gonna be like wow and I like it I like
that you're like low-key but telling
jokes yeah yeah that's great this is one
of those things that happened I'm sorry
gives me had the convenience of that
lamp still fills me with determination
great so as I was saying about Undine so
are we changing the voice huh we
changing the voice well that was his
brother I don't I'm are we for sans
no I like sans I like him I like this so
low-key sounds oh my god is that human
oh yeah the big chunks cuddle I'm not
doing that
what's that and fonta oh my god it is
that human oh my god
sans I finally did it what dan will I'm
gonna be so popular human you shall not
pass this area
ah the great the virus will stop you
I will then capture you you were
delivered to the capital that I'm
actually not sure what's next you need a
case continue only if you dare works
don't whine and can
keep an eye okay
Oh for you how do I decide that's Cal
Grant B film see what happens oh I don't
have my phone anymore oh oh no no so hey
what you saying right
there's some narration on this cardboard
box you observe the way perhaps it's
intersession who could have built this
you ponder I bet it was that very famous
wrong whoa oh my gosh snow Drake
flutters forth we did not kill Tori oh
she survived
it's time to dance this teen comedian
that fights to keep a captive audience I
used to meet Joe
laughs laughs laughs editor you laugh at
snow Drake's laughs and dad was wrong
absolutely no moving okay mm-hmm did
something move
was it my imagination I can only see
moving things I have an eye problem if
something was moving for example a human
I'll make sure it never moves again
toggle locks
whoa look at that duel sword wielding
duck Oh can we do nothing huh is this
the guy in the booth yeah
we have to do nothing right
oh don't move
yeah I get it I get it
yeah all right
well go back to act and we'll talk them
down that's a spark and work
pet you pet dog oh oh I beam oh yeah
that was fun I don't know what the voice
said it was anymore how Wallace finds
there's like an announcer this is
something Pet me with something that
isn't moving I'm gonna need some dog
treats for this true
someone's been smoking dog treats
easy way boss but I'm fighting yeah
think about no no you stop stop
something about lumen artists says
that's it I'm done I'm out I can't
I'm fucking done okay well I have a good
night new one artists
why it is named ice just love my hat
okay
that new clothes smell you and pull my
scab that it has a great hat in feeis -
Ben oh my god
oh they come back down this yeah just
can't make sure it's hat is still there
tear your eyes my skip that looks
annoyed low my hat's up here hello my
hat's up here secretly checking if
you're looking at his head
still happen
yep but it's not we can i Nicollet beep
Wow you a thief
no that's not good I'm gonna fight
ignoring again I'm gonna continue not
looking at I scan tab it seems defeated
yes
desperate for attention there we go
that's what we needed to get to should
have tried stealing the Hat
I did try when he was yellow oh sure oh
look a friendly snowman what was that
boys yeah well I am a snowman I wanted
to save the world but I cannot move if
you would be so kind traveler please
take a piece of me and bring it very
very far away thank you we should take
his eyes cuz then you could see the
world
we got the snowman piece whatever that
means you're so lazy you were napping or
night
excuses excuses Oh Oh the human arrives
in order to stop you my brother and I
have created some puzzles I think you
will find this one quite for you see
this is the electricity mains when you
touch the walls of this maze this orb
will administer hot zap sound like fun
because okay okay you go ahead oh whoops
oh okay
hold it okay I went a little too high
there however the next puzzle will not
be so easy it is designed by my brother
science you will surely be cold what I
found it you can't really do that cuz he
doesn't have lips I know I am
did you see that he was calling it his
battle bootie body pedal body isn't my
brother Oh customer hello would you like
some nice cream yeah it's the frozen
treat but that won't your hop now just
15 G ego have a super day
oh my god that's a snowball thing isn't
it
oh my god you just kicked it around oh
it's melting think you need to get it
before sans us up there to talk to oh my
god oh my god this thing is really hard
to control I see yeah we oh god you're
gonna fail you're gonna fail the problem
oh my god this thing is really hard to
control don't fuck up don't fuck that
I'm so bad I should go talk to san it'll
be a probably up here good yeah like
it's up here again ready I've been
thinking about sewing and trades too
once of the fried snow it's just five
did I say 5g I meant 50g 5050 G you're
right
that's still too low I don't know about
these fancy new microphones jack what do
you mean they got to be like right in
your mouth that's the whole idea that is
quite literally that's the whole purpose
of these fancy new microphones is that
they sound really good and the best
audio is when it is right in front of
your fucking face smelting it's melting
hurry up
yay wait click on the flag what happened
your concern and care for ball led you
to a delicious victory
cachinga you are awarded one G Oh fuckin
waste of my goddamn time looks like a
snowball egg Dooley it's a
snowed ahed Rijn a snow dekha he drew
okay
what's a dodecahedron is that a 20-sided
I don't I've never smell danger rating
snow smells snowman white rating can
become yellow rating read their wartime
this seems puzzling
white rating can become yellow rating
okay unsuspicious now puppy blue rating
smell of rolling around weird smell
human green rating destroy at all costs
or green red connection I hope you all
ready for Sam's there's a puzzle that's
right there on the ground frosting
there's no way they can get past this
one monster kid word search oh my god
now we had to do a word search hey kids
can you help me solve this puzzle
you can't do anything with sands that
didn't do anything no I should have used
today's crossword instead what class
work I can't believe you said that
and my opinion junior jumble is easily
the hottest really dude easy easy word
scramble that's for baby ball believable
human solve this dispute which is hotter
jungle crop was totally the fighting
class by telegraph you two are weird
crosswords is so easy it's the same
solution every time I just fell all the
boxes with the letter Z because every
time I look at crossword all I can do is
snow cuz I'm saying the boo finds
difficulty in interesting places
yesterday he got stumped trying to solve
the horoscope I'm leaving you goodbye
I do enjoy that Comic Sans yeah to get
that from the pilots your is beginning
to rise you you'll be so busy you won't
realize that you are progressing early
jabbed in by the great papyrus Oh unplug
to figure waive the settings say stick
now all I want is a microwave where all
the settings in spaghetti that's
adorable
that is just adorable get out of town
game that's great base base your voice
on the some sand makes when the text is
passing doesn't sound did we have the
volume pretty low on the TV we can hear
it does it sound different when the text
moved when he's talking I don't
I picked the voice early on before we
knew what his character was and your
voice plays well with my voice of course
I only chose my kind of like fast
talking yeah well yeah
when when I did the voice for stands it
was just a creepy small silhouette that
was stalking you
he was a short and stout thing
warning dog marriage yes read that
correctly what happened I clicked on the
side and it said warning dog marriage
and then it went away and I was like I
must have read that wrong so I clicked
on him again then I said yes you read
that correctly that's great
see you are actually enjoying this I
wouldn't expect rich to be I'm loving
this it's okay there hasn't been that
much combat crap in this section
yeah section seems you need also we're
doing funny voices yeah there's a camera
hidden inside this tree again with the
camera dog marriage lesser dog appears
tongues out looks happy I mean I should
write check it first so dogs it wields a
stone dogger made of Palmer granite the
puns
oh the ponies Jeremy whoa barely lift
your hand unless a dog got excited oh
stop oh but only for blue not for white
oh so you just have to pet the dog once
you wouldn't keep petting don't spare
yet
oh well delay I'm sure we'll fight it
again we have one new item in our
inventory
oh I bet you got a trading card yeah for
playing this game no I want to turn
those stupid pop-ups off that's what I
wanted there what you can do it I hate
those things
I'm playing a game I want to play the
game I don't want you to get her up by
him my name with a cramp
it's a puzzle I like it how do we solve
this puzzle
probably over here in this area stand in
the middle of that thing and see what
happened was this where's his switch
hidden in this snow click I did it I
know I nailed that puzzle right away
spikes no you pet your dog with the back
of your hand chat you got a you got it
you got to do this a massage thing right
behind their ears well no but I love
that first you have to put your hand out
flat so it sniffs it and it doesn't
perceive you as a threat if it's a
strange dog it's a shirt that's a real
dog thing well what's that smell where's
that smells if your smell identify your
smell oh that was the puzzle from
earlier we want Y Tour yellow
I'm not moving oh here's that bird smell
makes me want a lemonade lemonade yo no
no oh oh oh look at those things dawg i
assault you I'm kissing their love oh ah
oh wait Wow
what one of them was for different they
were there for different colors well
there's something something rolling
around in a maratton into something
leather roll around in the dirt and snow
yeah a snowman you smell like a weird
puppy alright okay take my wife take my
wife if you'll come here
an ice-cream
oh great
yeah now they should read smell me dog
sniff you again after rolling in the
dirt you smell all right great smells
like uh are you actually a little puppy
down just a little yeah what I think I
needed to go down again
I don't touch my hot dog he means me
oh they're adorable puppy recent if we
sniff sorry I'm sorry
you want out of me god damn it
and back nice work nice work
great or do I need to do that with
dogged arrest yeah now I have dog arrest
a recently pet yeah what about me
ah Doug the fish dogs a dog that pets
dogs amazing well that's okay
shifting the axis to protect each other
now pet him Doug Amin
Wow pet buy another pup well don't leave
me out
Long's mines have been expanded oh good
oh there we go
okay I do we did it spare forty gold all
right dogs can pet other dogs a new
world has opened up for us
thanks weird puppy thanks buddy
hold on
suigetsu yeah turn every X into an O
then press the switch okay simple so far
what how did you avoid my trap and more
importantly is there any left from me
what what are you surprised about his
spaghetti I loved it really Wow you
resisted the flavor ma who cooked pasta
just so you could share it with me right
not human
ah master chef papyrus will make you all
the pasta you could ever want
I like the virus my brother started a
sock collection recently I like to shove
my bone in those how sad sometimes I
wonder what he would do without
something cool got taken care of him
there's a switch on the trunk of this
tree press it yeah sure why not I do
anything I didn't know human how do I
say this
you were taking a long time to arrive so
I decided to improve this poem by
arranging the snow to look more like my
face
unfortunately the snow froze to the
ground now the solution is different and
as usual my lazy brother is no way
around I suppose what I'm saying is
we're not human the great papyrus will
solve this conundrum
then we can both see meanwhile feel free
to try the puzzle yourself I'll try not
to give away the answer so this is one
of those have to over the right down
until the pass and then left I'm sorry
you can't walk over them twice you
that's yeah that's this that's the
assumption I already know the solution
yeah right until you do the middle once
you hit the next one yeah stop down one
down another one left
down that's it okay all right you're
trapped in there oh no oh no I only see
mr. reset switch so we have to get out
to step on the bump you said really but
I didn't tell me fuck that one up I'll
take it I'll take it
I won't take it we fucked that up that
that's is that a glitch
oh the tree switch was a cheat I just
found that by accident that's a cheat
really by the way you guys saw I just
found that by accident I just like
there's this cuz all the other trees had
cameras enough yeah YUM oh you're not
supposed to find it first
oh well fuck I did I touch them
oh good job on solving it so quickly
you didn't even need my help you just
used the cheese swish which is great cuz
I love doing absolutely nothing well I
hate teleported over here now because
I'm magic hey it's the human you're
gonna love this puzzle it was made by
the great doctor Alice's you see these
tiles once I throw this switch they will
begin to change car each color has a
different function red tiles are
impassable you cannot walk on him yellow
tiles are littering
they will electrocute you green tiles
are long tiles if you step on him you
will have to fight a monster or toss aa
orange-scented then they will make you
smell be delicious blue tiles and white
tiles swim through if you like but if
you smell like oranges
bite you
although if brutal is next to a yellow
tile the water were also SAP you purpose
is slippery you will slide to the next
tile
however the slippery slope smells like
lemons which piranhas do not like purple
and blue are okay
finally pink tiles they don't they don't
do anything step on their wall you'll
understand
of course great when there's one last
thing this puzzle is entirely random
when I pull this switch it will make
mother that has never been seen before
no solution oh all pink I'm calling it
get rid of all pink oh oh oh no no it's
randomizing yep yep called it that was
that was classic setup baby yeah yeah
actually that's spaghetti from earlier
and it wasn't too bad for my brother
since he started cooking lessons
he's been improving a lot I bet if he
keeps it up next year he'll even make
something add a whole
ha this dog is staring blankly into the
snow waiting for it to die into art I
razzle safe knowing that dog will never
give up trying to make the perfect snow
dog it fills you with determination I
like that everything in this game fills
me with determination yeah how do you
feel being a dirty cheater Jack as what
the chat wants to know about the tree I
have assuming that's what they're
talking about
of course as you guys were watching me
touch every single tree on the way over
here because that's what I do
yeah and one of the trees was like oh
there's a hidden camera so there's
probably some shit in the trees and then
they said I I found the switch before I
even tried the pine oh I know and then I
did the puzzle and so I figured that was
the recess way yeah and it just so
happened it was the cheat switch Wow how
was I to know on the floor inside a box
of Pama raisins what on the floor inside
it always a box of Pama raisins stay
back there's no I cannot pet the dog Hey
look a cow thing not dogs and Susan
Sullivan answers but doesn't ever know
what's great and probably doesn't help
but it's brain is the size of a piece of
kibble you know what cow kind of a dick
yes slighty
nope slid right Oh Sam's Oh Sam and
that's papyrus it's a snap iris it's a
lot of snow with torrents sensor that's
cute okay start there go crash go right
right go right hold on I've already I've
already got it
yeah you know what you said that last
time up left down one left all right
then
then right go right go down you can see
it America easy easy this is what you
said last time
and this time we have to use the cheat
code we didn't have to we had a minor
unforeseen thing we would have figured
it out the next time I'm sure of course
see like I'm gonna touch this bush -
Jack Jack can't he touches everything I
touch all the bushes he touches bushes
he touches snow he touches himself
hello sir look what what oh my a gift
rot confront us pet that is a funky
monster bat is a funky monster
undecorated ekor 8
let's see your gift route some teens
decorated it as a prank oh can we
undecorated Zach yes oh my god
you're fucked sense of fresh pine
- of non dog-related relations what
a slightly less irritated move the
barbed wire massive pipe cleaners so is
there any reason to ever fight I mean
they know I mean they could have made it
like easier or something but it seemed
like it actually took longer trying to
fight a few times we did and we were we
were punished for fighting we got a
negative 1 XP so I think the point of
the game is to is to find a nonviolent
solution lenticular bookmark of a smug
team winking lenticular hey chat
lenticular define hey Siri define
lenticular Jetson you can level up and
gain stats we level down when we tried
to fight it said minus one unless you're
supposed to get negative level right
that doesn't make any sense though today
it was only wait wait wait it was only
the ghosts that gave you minus 1 as a
joke
well I think we just picked the wrong
time practice fighting that's probably
what happened yeah that's cute sure
we'll go there where we came from they
may be what's going on can I can dim and
and what what status were they on when
you what they were on then turn them off
and try the door or what happens when
you try the door did we try the door no
I didn't try the door and turn them off
and try the door no here I thought I
might do something if I turn them all
off it's still a door that's turn these
two on what's the puzzle right it's a
door let's turn these two interesting
well there's another direction to go I
didn't need to go this way that's after
a game secret area this is someone is
saying I know if they're talking about
this or something else but probably the
other diamo this is that house I think
we came from the house that's I event
not in the same frame altogether that's
okay
here's another drink I remove a small
confused dog Oh
oh fuck you remove a stocking filled
with chicken nuggets a little bit better
you remove just straggly in the three if
you want people are saying the fleeing
is an option
oh sure but I want the gold man look I
solved the gift rots problem the gift
rack is knees helot gold 20 gold that's
hella gold motherfuck I don't I actually
spent lost were saved just saved over
here let's go back over here see if
there's a safe spot yeah we just saved
right here don't go I'll save again
because I think it heals me right
it's a saving heal you those hologram
images that change as you tilt them in
this case
oh the lenticular hologram images that
change when you tilt them the lenticular
lenticular okay cool thank you there's
no puff and this is this no pop this
however is a snow pop surprisingly if
there's no pop pop really it's no puff
seems like I set up behind it said isn't
really a snow puff it didn't say it's a
snow pause yeah yeah
and this hey that was you know what that
was you that was you reading man
Oh up there's the there's the payoff
whoo it's Adobe oh that's adorable
oh my gosh the greater dog well I'm
gonna pet that dog you just pet the air
Oh No all right okay so I'm going to
beckon call the greater dog it pounds
towards you
flicking slobber into your face okay
seeking affection
okay I'm gonna pet that dog oh it gets
so comfortable it falls asleep
oh no son got his pet in the ground with
his front paws playing get again some
kids work some of that energy off yeah
you make a snowball and throw it through
the door to fetch it splats on the
ground
great a dog picks up on us now I'm
airhead pregnant are you
oh now dog is very tired hey your dog
wants some TLC okay greater dog I'm
gonna pet you again see you bet the dog
it sinks its entire weight into you your
movements slow oh great but you still
haven't petted enough Oh heartbreaker
heartbreaker love it yeah
that's I've been playing a while anyway
just distracting all right where was
that
yeah where wasn't that what directions
did were you tell you probably need to
read you this puzzle okay heads up
and then you just keep going right oh
are you doing
oh that's right I saved after Oh so you
can go ahead sure Chet what I said Chet
Oh what's up with you chat have I played
afterbirth yet no I have really yeah
I've been working I've got shit to do I
am amazed yeah mum mazed I got I got
shit to do all right and I've been I've
been working hard I have a After Effects
project that I've been really working
hard on you know how it works sometimes
that's not work sometimes
what are the chances of this being a
game you review zero zero there's
probably not enough to talk about what
I'll turn blue bullshit or blue
there's voiceover and afterbirth what no
I don't like final cut either
there's voiceover for the tarot cards Oh
interesting
I'm sure I'll I mean I will definitely
get around to it as binding of issac is
one of my favorite favorite games but I
just haven't yet and then confess it's
40 percents also it has not yet come to
Sony to ps4 Vita the the DLC and I have
all of my almost all of my Isaac hours
on my Vita
so I'll probably wait until it comes
there I've also been playing a lot of
I've been playing a lot of the swindle
oh look at that it's out of its armor
that's adorable
the swindle has been my
it was that one but it might be
different this however I did
surprisingly it's not it's not the
specific snow puff it's just the order
you it's just your maybe go to a
different one and then come back the old
oh no also he's just searching them all
okay okay we didn't check out that dog
house I did did you yeah try it again
must be bigger on the inside okay wolf
that great yeah I know it's not coming
out till later it's over Lisa sunny but
that's funny because I have other games
to play and I will play afterbirth human
stuff you want tired my stuff we can
skip the voices these are your final
both dangerous challenge I'm sure these
behold the little dead litera when I say
the word it won't fully activate cannons
with fire spikes the swing blades were
sliced each pot will swing violently up
and down only the tiniest chance of
victory will remain are you ready
because I'm about it can you move now
well what's the hold up hold up hold up
I'm about to activate it now lesson what
very activator
well this challenge it seems maybe too
easy to defeat the human with yeah we
can't use this one I am a skeleton with
standards my puzzles are very fair and
my traps are expertly cooked but this
method is to erect no class at all
windows what are you looking at this is
another decisive victory
I don't know I my brother's going to do
now if I were you I would make sure I
understand blue balls but I've got blue
balls
hey wait click on that plan I did did
you all right
jump me to Cleveland oh I don't know
that's the sign probably go and click
more on the plant like the size of the
trees fuckin of the trees no I have to
have OCD too because you do I like to
click on stuff what star mu star down oh
my gosh why do you use the box what's in
the box
I'm gonna say what's in the bag no you
can put o in the Box like transports
them to the next box is the whole thing
do I need to we got a whole town yeah
you know what
this is amazing move the shot oh hello
traveller how can I help you how could I
help you Oh traveller you are a buy some
my shit
you can get a manly bandana
a bycicle cinnamon bun
well we need a manly bandana yeah we do
shit man you get that bandana sure the
mystical what did that do that's twice a
day
oh I don't date do I have oh I have 67
but no but no that's 15 but oh the G
Richard you can sell something what do
you want me to saw yeah they're saying
try to sell something huh
sell something does this look like a
pawn shop motherfucker get the fuck out
of here I'm not where you come from
but if that's not spent of money old
branches use bandages I'd be out of
business you get the fuck outta my shop
man fuck you what the fuck oh shit hi
welcome to Snowden I can't remember the
last time I saw a fresh face Ryan I'm
gonna make Jack you talk where did you
come from capital look like tourists
we're gonna do every bit of dialogue is
that she has you want to know what to do
with your it snowed Oh grill B's has the
food in the library has information if
you take your time you could take 9:15
that's right next oh my sister runs it
and if you're bored you can sit outside
watch those wagons girl just do that
thing this to them brothers I think
things you showed up one day and asked
her to
don't know why let's find out more about
the time history think back Co Israfil
long time ago monsters lived in the
rooms back there in the forest long
story short we all decide to leave the
roads and head for the end of the cabins
long way some fuzzy focus I'd like a
cold set up campus Snowden oh and don't
think about trying to explode them ruins
the doors been locked for ages so unless
you were ghosts or you burrow under the
don't you forget about maps is the same
as usual
later claustrophobic but we all know
deep down that freedom is coming down as
long as we get that hope we gonna grit
our teeth face our same struggles day
after let's live a nice but now you kill
again sometime yeah yeah I'm a huge joke
welcome to snowed in that's a ladies how
do you know she said it was her sister
that oh if you were if you were paying
attention to the dial I was not was
artistically and expertly narrating then
maybe you would know that that's her
sister
welcome to the smooth Snowden's premier
hotel is a DG
thank you come back it's all right she's
got a little pet bunny she's a bunny
with a pet bunny oh oh that is adorable
okay we might have to call it soon I do
feel like I'm losing it a little yeah
what time is it it's almost over it's
after 10:00
mmm we started relative yeah yeah these
guys don't eat up no we don't need any
other this is this is a sober stream
right here this is just us losing our
marbles we can save it yeah we can come
back to it again that's kind of fun yeah
go save it we'll come back they say we
should stay at the end too maybe next
time that same prereq channel the same
predictor so make sure you bundle
oh you you look like you had a great
sleep which is incredible because you
are the congratulations game
congratulations you're very funny
now we're gonna when when I start doing
this you know that it's time to call it
when I start waving like suburban
sasquatch wave it in the air like you
just don't care that's a catchy Yeti
oh right with meatloaf remember that to
get you Eddie
he waves like this I'm thinking a
suburban sasquatch that's harder to
catch you Yeti everything I've seen to
catch Yeti oh you guys need to catch a
Yeti it's terrible that's such an odd
thing to hear you have to see that it's
terrible it's tense it's our particular
line of morp
goodbye a big picture mode and go fuck
yourself ghosts and goblins no oh you're
there be no spin Moony do you want
another big story yeah again the big
squiggle mokey b85 they're binary
sorting months in a row sorry I see you
go ahead mokey I had this I had to give
this 16 months credit I had fur mokey
fur yes
mokey be okay be binary Sun chip Hilter
hmm no house we're strive six nine six
Misner one
skeletal snow geese rich read Stardust
Newman wait Newman Addis Newman artists
new Newman Addis bad gamer Korean spooky
Dookie spooky Dookie red leader 91 Java
drew savage row 13 months in a row
Swedish L Oh bother corpse a lot I think
that's that's that's pronounced Tim
Salman you're getting all experimental
on oh shit I'm trying to do a different
voice for everything but yeah I'll let
you take the last one - and also save
girl had 13 months oh sorry I'm kind of
over its me something I do I didn't I
didn't I didn't that extra mile I didn't
see it I'm sorry for the people who've
been with us over a year would really
appreciate it really helps us out thank
you everybody
we really all the subscribers thank you
we really appreciate it - all thanks for
coming out everybody all the new
subscribers all the old subscribers and
everyone else who just get on to watch a
little under veil you need to stop in
the stream now but especially those who
make sure we
