Mar 22, 2015
Heavy Bullets, Arkham Asylum
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4000649
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4001248
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/4001455
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRyA9jkqtMc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoVjAdabkD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p81M2MZciwk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/579732980685410304
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/579763537356005376

[Part I]
and so I love that no backpack oh that's
a grenade also there's a grenade so we
got that going for us
which is great which is great everything
is great
it's all great all the time every bolts
yes
oxygen this is heavy bullets this is a
game ID I know nothing about it but it's
it's a game it's a first-person shooter
and so yeah okay okay
be louder be okay I can be louder hold
on I can be louder louder is a thing
louder is a thing I can be nice clean
sound great yeah it's a little a little
crazy here we go alright
Jesus Jesus H alright so things I know
about everything's fine everything's
fine oh I'm poisoned
okay oh I can't afford anything great
great I can't afford anything yet there
are snakes and there are monsters and
I'm not doing very well what is that
what is it so this I I believe this is
procedurally generated so every time you
play it the level is a little bit
different well I got an ore chunk I
don't know if that's good or not I think
I think I want to go heal I think I want
to go back and heal it's like no I can't
okay I can't go back and heal that's
good to know that's good to know
I am playing this with a controller
because I play everything with a
controller thinking oh I can deposit
that's great oh oh oh I can sell the or
chunker 35 this is interesting this is
Shirley Shirley interesting this looks
hideous this does look but I think
that's the point well
oh my god come here bullets okay okay
back on it I need health bullets what do
you suppose a red potion does well I got
it how do we use item oh okay red potion
feels great this this is a little
glorious kind of enjoy don't trust it
don't dress stupid snake
no he's poisoned oh he'll I need more I
need more any more gold I need more gold
right I would not recommend I would not
recommend doing drugs while playing this
game I think that would be a terrible
idea what I would recommend
Oh extra bullets I would recommend is me
getting some money I love that you have
to pick up your bullets I think that's
the most see look at that Tiger this
time I'm learning
you know what I'm doing I'm learning
okay great now I have some money I can
heal let me go heal one heart heal one
heart jack isn't listening oh I'm sorry
so what's the object of this game I
don't know I literally I turn to this
game on two minutes before I started
streaming so that I could test audio
levels I know nothing about this game
except for move forward and that's all
I'm doing so far is moving forward
reloading don't let the snake get you oh
there's a thing over there I'm on be a
snake I'm on you you dumb snake there's
gonna be something over here nope oh
okay what is this
nope key card required okay great great
okay I don't know anything about this
game I think I remember seeing this game
one heart is full third of your heart
right right you go until you die it is
supposed to look like this yes it is
supposed to look like this okay yeah no
this is this art style is phenomenal
I don't know like if I'm supposed to
explore or pick up stuff
I don't snake I'm on be a snake hit that
box you have to hit the box next to him
I almost used all of my heavy bullets
killing that stupid thing that's great I
think this is I do believe this is
roguelike we're done life to get through
it all
see what happens what kind of hurts I
tried to turn the game down game volume
down as much as possible you're already
getting motion sick I did turn up the
the field of view so I don't know if
that helps or hurts with the motion
sickness okay now I know what's going on
there now I know what's going on yeah no
more snakes are gonna get me I say that
your bones back that's incredibly
important have to pick up your bullets
oh you can buy extra bullets that's cool
okay all right here we go this is dope I
stopped paying attention for two minutes
for two seconds because are there spikes
in this game not that I know of Phoenix
but I think that's a really important
question rich for anyone who doesn't
know sorry I just started playing and I
didn't I didn't do any of the normal
introductions or anything
rich is feeling ill I believe he come I
believe he caught that sickness that I
had so he is feeling ill so he did not
feel like he could make it out tonight
so it's just me it's just me tonight
we're playing some games we're gonna
play my plan is really just to play
games that I've been wanting to play for
a while and for one reason or another I
haven't I got an O or a chunk I think
I'm supposed to sell this or junk I'm
not supposed to just hold on to it great
shop discount life insurance oh I
accidentally blew it up I accidentally
blew it up
that's my bad that's my bad I got a
bunch of you money though so I think
that might be good
whoopsie sorry Barry very very sorry
okay on with it on with it we're going
again things are flying at me now things
are flying at me now there are things
that are flying at me now and that's
just a thing that's just something we
have to accept
our subs not working tonight that's
that's quite possible you know how it
goes sometimes they're not working just
make sure then you let me know and of
course I will do my best to thank those
ok oh look at how cool that looks like
the trees and the pink mist yeah what
was that what was that what was that
it's fine everything's fine everything's
fine okay I don't know what I'm doing
here
I'm putting money into the discount
thing I don't know why I don't know what
anything does she's crazy
well then scared the bejesus out of me
I died I died I died what are you guys
talking about what kind of rules are we
talking about no no other weapons that I
know of of course I haven't tried any
other weapons no no other weapons just
just the revolver which I am fine with
because right now I can I can barely
handle just the revolver damn stupid
snake I got snaked guys I got snaked
something so shoot crazy i'ma shoot
crazy over here I see an enemy and I and
I want to kill it but you know you only
get six bullets at a time and then you
gotta go each of your individual bullet
which might be the greatest mechanic I
can think of recently having so few
bullets is really it really makes this
very tense it would be better if I if it
would help if I was a better shot I'm a
pretty poor
that mega bomb alright also the sound is
a little grating if there's anyone I can
understand it's a little great they were
going first they were going for a style
and I get this style what those are just
regular bombs I still have a mega bomb
that I haven't used I'm gonna use it on
that cuz why not
that's what I say okay we're just gonna
we're just trying to get get far this
time that's all looking for six
repellent
I don't
oh it's just have it as a passive effect
it's just okay it just uses itself
behind um it's fine I'm fine
okay I pick the bank again I've lived
the bank again like there's no jump
button there's no and I and I have to
stop blowing up the bank too many
enemies around what are you talking
about did I have to kill someone
I know kill someone apparently I didn't
kill someone here's fine an enemy to
kill
this game might be full of it
is it because I blew up the bank listen
I'm sorry I blew up the bank there it is
snake
that's stupid snake it doesn't need a
jump button it does not need a jump
button
you know if it's $10 I want to say I got
it for pretty cheap or someone gifted it
to me
what I got this fairly cheap and
visually it's it's amazing homing bomb
can't want this repellent this dad oh
there's like a super creepy noise not
killing it here guys 100% not killing it
but I think that there was a bank back
there I think there was a bank back here
or something where I could heal
Oh oh there's a ladder oh how awful they
don't like oh no that's where I came
that's where I came from okay never mind
never mind okay here we go
I died how terrible I died
these are just the thing that happened
what the heck are you guys talking about
what the heck is going on in the chat I
did have a homing bomb I did have a
homing bomb I love that sound the sound
that the gun makes when you reload I
would like one extra bullet please gamma
bullets back Blair's got all my bullets
back it's very nice snake these snakes
they think they can trick me you know
why because they're a bunch of jerks
jerk snake
focus pills reload plus it's great like
that doesn't seem like nothing that they
were selling seems like it's been a
problem magnet carry Plus see that could
be fun okay are these spikes no these
are not spikes these look like spikes
but these are not spikes did you're not
hurt and I think that's part of the
definition of spikes just noises
everywhere
I'm sorry knife I mean I kinda have to
see what a knife is about ok so if you
press the X button on your controller
you slash that's kind of silly because
of course now all I want to do that's
kind of a waste
protip pro tip the knife kind of a waste
snake checker that's what I want
snake checker no spice yeah this you're
right this a Michele this is the laziest
knife ever want this game absolutely
syncs up with in the air tonight I'm
gonna sell my knife
okay that knife kind of useless and I
think there yeah there's like a
repellant over here I don't know what
the repelling does necessarily I can
only assume it repels are you guys
talking about
keep singing the Metal Gear franchise
now that Hideo Kojima is leaving you
know I never got people who were super
into that franchise anyway I don't get
it
I think rich put it the best when he
said they confused evolution for good
storytelling what and they got kind of
want to use my mega bomb now those kind
of uses let me get my thing back come
here
kind of useless our Tokyo
it's not like I don't like metal gear i
the Metal Gear Solid 4 the PlayStation 1
is one of the most really enjoyed that
game and then after that there's kind of
a diminishing returns as far as I'm
concerned just got it you guys know me I
don't care about the story as much as I
care about the gameplay so it's just not
my thing
snake snake over here writing on walls
is strictly forbidden okay okay that's
fine I should wear more tiny shirts
Thank You Elvis thank you I I really
enjoyed my Jack works tinier shirts
video I thought it was really funny but
that's fine I should wear more tiny
shirts
oh no it's the fun we got now I got
suicide bombers that made me jump that
literally made me jump see um
what do I think of this game's
atmosphere I think I don't know it sits
on the border it's on the border of like
trying too hard and just perfect if that
means anything you know it's it's so
stylized which which I love I love that
it's just that it's unique you can you
can look at a still image of this and
know immediately that it's from this
game so style is important I don't know
what function
is this you know we know nothing about
the world not to say we should know
anything about the world but I like when
hyper-stylized things kind of serve
rocket I mean we should see what that's
about anything it's gonna get my
repellent back that's a that's a pacify
ker that's an item I can understand
because it doesn't do anything oh I blew
up a snake I blew a snake with my rocket
great so it's like I enjoy the look but
I don't understand the purpose it serves
besides just being style and style for
the sake of style alright
what are you guys talking about what
what are you guys talking about Oh one I
did make it to level three I'm pretty
proud of that
I've seen like one episode of Top Gear
I've I'm sure it's a fine show I know a
lot of people talk about it on the
internet talking about rules
mutual funds don't talk about mutual
funds that sounds boring meaning of life
great
I think this game is called heavy
bullets because you pick up the bullets
after you shoot you see the bullets are
bouncing so the bullets are happy yeah
like I don't want to call the gameplay
unimaginative I saw that nice you know
it's it's as simple it's simple is what
it is this is a very simple premise
which I enjoy you know the world is just
unimaginative that's that's I think the
problem I think this this concept this
concept of a roguelike first-person
shooter given a different world could
have been more fun like you know a lot
like like like something like
it's an indie game so it's allowed to
look bad no there's nothing wrong with
things looking bad it's just you know I
just don't get it I don't get I don't
understand why it looks the way it looks
again you know we'll compare this again
to strafe because it's similar lead it
has similar they wanted to look simple
they wanted to look like four they're
from 1996 and okay okay can anyone read
you truth Tokyo
I can read you I don't know if that's
what you were going for red potion
stupid snakes
I like having one like having one extra
bullet I look out for snakes on the
lookout for snakes I don't want the
snakes to get me I feel embarrassed
whenever the snakes get me okay okay
repellant
but it like and I like I like all of the
individual monster designs like and and
the world designer like like I said it's
just it's just a question of like what
purpose does it serve besides just ease
of making I guess I don't know obviously
I'm still playing it so I like it enough
where I'm still playing it sell some
stuff I'm gonna sell some stuff I
thought I killed everybody
where'd that Bank thing go where's that
Bank thing go not that one
okay sold the our chunk I think there's
a repellent over here - yeah gaming the
system we're gonna sell the repellent
now let's figure out what our last wheel
is okay passive effect let's see what
that does
where is my I had a potion
oh oh I can only use one maybe maybe
they have a I guess we're going to use
the red potion for now see if we can buy
like a backpack upgrade later I think I
remember seeing something along those
lines
oh you can store items okay alright I'm
getting it I'm getting it apologies if
that broke
oh my god pardon me yes a soundtrack
would make this infinitely better
there's wrong
there is no soundtrack which is very
strange
there's no soundtrack that's weird
and that is weird I saw you this time
you jerk see there was like a blue thing
over here let's see what that does
antidote well now we have an antidote
okay
silver life oh I wonder what all these
things do I'm sticking with the last
we'll stick in with the last wheel don't
know if that's necessarily the right but
that's the call we're making a swear
right anything any music would be great
okay speed up
no I don't want to move any faster Oh
see now we got a backpack that's great
now we can hold some stuff now we can
hold some stuff okay great so now
no no how do you use the backpack oh wow
let's find out how to use the backpack
stick one button three that helps okay
okay I figured out I mean I look so cool
in here yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
steak steak everything's terrible but
he'll item no of course not
and I blew up the other one damn it
I use this speed item let's get this
fill out let's rocket so let him make a
bomb come on who's gonna have some help
for me who's gonna have some help
well there we go there we go now we're
ready for it okay great I feel like we
can make it a little further this time
this is usually when I run into snakes
when I stop paying attention because I'm
picking up stuff okay great great great
I should be okay great great we're doing
great we're doing great guys
everything's great
it feels great no harm going back I mean
it's there right I know have the other
potion but okay all right here we go
here we go here we go I'm saying that
out loud so that I might actually watch
out for snakes just no I can't I can't
yell anymore but that's okay I have the
potion I don't know if I want to waste
the potion the potion I think the potion
does who I can sell a thing can sell
your thing no I can't sell it there
I can only hold two items
alright let's use the red potion it only
heals one heart that's gross alright
watch out for snakes right where is rich
rich is sick rich is sick so he is not
streaming tonight to preserve his health
cuz we have some stuff to do this week
including but not limited to filming our
next game play of prereq so you wanted
to take tonight easy because this week
we are doing stuff sorry sorry about
that foul language everybody I know that
was poisoned okay great what it was a
snake wasn't it look at that okay can
you do that can you believe that a snake
got me
I mean of course you can is the answer
thank you I can't believe that
right Tiberius Kirk I know I know it's
me it's me that's doing it it's Oh me
sir camp is back welcome back sir gimpy
our one and only moderator rocket rocket
rocket all right I have the rocket I'm
gonna use the rocket
or not just keep going I shot the rocket
at the robot and it didn't work that's
some BS when I go get that mega bomb
there was a mega bomb one of his focus
pills do you jerk yeah fine I didn't
want it I didn't want it I didn't want
it I know he thought I thought that I
wanted but I didn't
there was a mega bomb okay I love these
monsters I love them I think it's great
what is that
whoa a matrix really right out of there
a steak steak it's me I'm just gonna
keep hailing that's I'm just gonna keep
coming back to these things and he'll
stop getting hit by the stupid snakes
it's cuz I want to go fast this is my
real problem is I want to go fast okay
here we go
here we go
snake snake there's some ambient noise
now which is weird
max life up robot can destroy things
broom snakes watch for snakes watch for
snakes it's not that hard to watch for
snakes I did it I watched for snakes are
there snakes in the trees there might be
snakes in the trees
nice oh I see
you see as the nausea said in yeah I'm
getting I am I'm getting a little
nauseous playing this snake and look I
stopped looking for snakes and there's a
snake I'm just waiting for me which I
don't know if I've carry plus one now I
want to save up and see if I can get
extra life I used to get more motion
sick from first-person shooters this is
all right what that's cool I should heal
snakes snakes always always be looking
for snakes what do you think the toolbox
does
okay that's pretty cool so it throws
little minds
that you can then shoot that's pretty
awesome
great while I can't I'm just gonna get
another red potion okay here we go here
we go here we go
every all things blink and bleep when
you pick them up how can I get him pink
tours now I think I need to
what what I can't imagine what snake
snake snake venom poison now oh you jerk
oh yeah
this is getting real you know it's
getting real quiet and yes I saw the
snake back there kill that snake scope
kind of loving the scope okay stuff in
the grass now op that thought that been
sucked up
yes sneaky bastard
snake snake
sell it over check great okay okay we're
doing a case we're doing it somehow what
yes yeah if you ever if you're ever in a
world with neon pink snakes just slow
down and look for them that's the lesson
okay okay all right we got here backpack
it's okay we're doing it what is that
snake snake sneaky bastard okay where am
I go this way you human you cannot hear
me but a backpack will help okay
and I want my scope I would rather have
my scope and I can have homing bombs and
my scope
I felt like I did better than that
I felt like I did better that time boy
that was a tough one you know that one
was a tough one
I think we are gonna quit heavy bullets
just for now cuz that was a lot of fun
okay so now let's update the stream what
are we gonna play next this now I see
now is where we get run into some
problems I had a whole bunch of stuff
kind of lined up just like weird stuff
that I have I've never really played
there's some stuff that I have played
before can be opened with key cards yeah
pink doors gonna be open to hockey cards
and there was stuff in him right I could
play more Arkham just pick up where I
left off on Arkham I was thinking about
that I was thinking about that
what I'm not

[Part II]
is it Batman Inge
okay we will now continue the story if
Jack I wanted to get into next-gen where
should I start
you know what do you want to play don't
look at the system's man I have to
remember how to do all this look at the
game's rescue dr. Jung from zazz in the
warden's office Oh apparently I punched
in it started raining is that normal
is it is ethically
is that a good oh oh this is it okay I
get it how do I run again I can't
believe you insisted on sitting through
that movie again Bruce come on we'll be
late for Alfred
go easy on it Tom he loved it so
Alfred we'll wait keep up Bruce can I
not run because this is a scarecrow
section where are you taking us we can
cut through here but it's starting to
rain
Bruce is tired can't we just wait
Macbeth
I'm gonna keep that paper kick kick it
oh I keep that paper kicking a can
Batman here good okay thank you John B I
I'm happy now I I got back my golden God
my golden God status on Binding of Isaac
rebirth really happy about that which
means I beat both the lamb and come on
question question question casita my
office and now we keep going oh look at
how creepy you hear that I just need to
ask you some questions can I get you
anything
dude - do we do this right oh sorry yeah
this is total spoiler alert for anyone
who's never seen of or heard of Batman
before I don't know I saw that leftover
beef cake I got killed in here
XCOM squad
did I forget to jump I forgot to jump I
forgot to jump I forgot how to play the
game this might not be the best level to
come back come back alright
yeah
I've not played Arkham origins me Sami
and at the end of fear oblivion
that's what it is
right trigger
your mind will shatter like glass
instead I needed to do something no
silly I punched I punched when I should
have knew No
that's what I needed I needed Batarang
I figured it out I remember how to do
things
your mind will shatter like this
here we go
what did you find to do
good thing I had all that combat
training with Han to fade that was easy
okay here we go
look over here now is he
punch scarecrows right now
I don't think scarecrow knows how much
of a dick punching expert I am
I'm hiding
everything you see is under my control
everything I see is under his control
you think he would know Ram because this
this world does take place in his in my
mind
how do you get that let me get that
I get that someone had to get that Oh
waltz hisin beard thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
sorry if I always skip if our
subscription thing isn't working but we
still very much appreciate your
subscription hey okay get my ass handed
to me by elephants
okay
the fighting is so great the fighting is
beautiful doot-doot-doot I'm Batman
don't do to do Batman doo-doo-doo
this is gonna have to be a time
I got this
not even close it's not even close
got it nailed it just kind of nailing it
but what do we do well before right
I'm wait
I can do this just gonna get to that
anyone says dr. young trapped in the
warden's office
oopsie don't know if our supposed to do
that all right no more no more mess
around we're gonna figure out what's
going on here
Val doesn't tell me where to go yes door
it's my name door that door great
I did it I don't believe him
stay where you are
Batman listen to me carefully come any
closer so I'm not talking much I'm
actually paying attention to the story I
can figure this out I can't figure I
didn't see whoop ZZ played you like a
violin and cut your strings 99
stay where you are Batman listen to me
carefully come any closer and I'll paint
the room crimson with her blood I know
you're still out there I was trying to
be sneaky I was trying to be sneaky you
can stop now
I saw this game is taking all of my
concentration I do want to skip all
these cutscenes hidden in the gardens
it's locked off but the security key
codes for the entire island are in the
warden's safe what else is Joker
planning comic son says he wants to stay
awake for 24 hours playing blood-borne
good luck I'm excited and I'm excited to
play that one looks combat looks combat
heavy looks it looks amazing like it
just looks like a good game but I'm
pretty excited to play a blood-borne
I get to fight I hit that button
a singing rhythm
Oracle dr. young is dead
have you figured out a way past these
security gates before she died she told
me there's a production plant hidden
somewhere in the gardens I know it's
only a four guys ready remember it's
been a while since I've played and in a
while Joker in the safe explosion Harley
Quinn has the warden and he's the only
chance we have to get past these gates
upgrade I get an upgrade what throw a
next throw that's nice it's nice
armor upgrade I mean we're just gonna do
that we're gonna be boring just get the
armor upgrade as soon as he drops the
cane I knew it
and 100% knew that doo-doo-doo-doo my
bat cape is ripped darkness no parents
okay there's a guy
can I go beat that guy up she dead he's
dead he's unconscious
great well I found a guy so we got that
going for us
okay all right darkness no barrage oh I
can't I can't shoot it explosive gel
okay super rich kind of makes it better
now you heard that right okay
take out the guys I have to remember how
to do this now
freaking him out I'm freaking him out
and I remember this freak him out and
get him moving
I wrapped the door nothing here
I just want to get him I want to get him
away from like they heard they're
bunching up it's being a dick now just
being a bat dick sure came from over
there
get them how do I get them separated big
punch I need more dick punch
anything else I can throw this at
yourself oh good well at least I got
their attention now
okay
huh
that did not go well and a bit someone
finish him off I wanted to hang down
someone for a little hang time
that's not how you do it hey someone how
bad baby up off the floor
okay I have completely forgot I forget
completely forgotten how to do the self
section you heard that right
okay well we got one at least we got one
terrible we got one crazy sloppy okay
yeah listen we're a little sloppy we're
a little rusty a little Batman rusty
tonight you know it's not great jack he
didn't know how to do the stealth
sections in the first place you fumbled
your way through them and it was
beautiful to watch well great
now you've seen me fumble my way through
this I technically won so yay me count
that as a win
oh no rich you're here hold on hold on
rich hold your horses
I see I see that I see that rich is on I
am working on it I am working on it
rich rich events he's been here for five
minutes I've been playing Rache Rache
Evans are you doing without me how have
I been doing without you have you been
watching me play Batman it's been
terrible just just for a little bit I
had the hardest time even logging on to
Trish oh okay they apparently forced me
to change my password Oh
like it wasn't letting me log on I tried
my old password like 50 different times
yeah so I went you know it's a decent
passwords a nine it was a nine character
long password had two numbers and two
different capital letters right that was
fine normal and I was forced to change
it and they they didn't accept anything
short of a 30 character long password
yes a fucking joke no you don't need
that if somebody really wants to hack
passwords they're gonna find a way to do
it anyway forcing a ridiculous password
is just going to make my life
inconvenient
no no even with like cracking software
they say like with every other digit it
adds like hours to the cracking out
algorithm for you know for my goddamn
twitch account what's something to do
watch videos under my name I would
rather be I would rather be able to
remember my goddamn password rather than
have a fucking list with with paragraphs
that are my passwords to different
websites sure I want these things to be
relatively easy to remember especially
if it's not anything where they can get
like financial data look like a fucking
twitch who the fuck cares sure sure
and I'd like password management
software yeah that just seems like a
great place to have somebody hack all of
your passwords at once I don't want to
use one of those I mean they're great
and it's big you know you can't then you
can't log on to your shit like another
computer you don't even know what your
own passwords are yeah fuck all of that
fuck all of that no it's great it's
great it's great and you're crazy so I'm
feeling a little bit better
rage helps the rage helps yeah I was
feeling really sick yesterday I could
not I could not keep down food yeah I'm
sorry yeah people were telling me I
should get my rest but I got a lot of
rest you order today that happened that
happened
oh you calling Batman I'm playing Batman
I'm fighting now and all of my hand of
faith practice has really helped me
figure out what I'm doing in Batman
except for one day I get up guns
I play Batman I get a yeah I'm not gonna
not gonna say I'm the best ever to play
Batman Arkham or whatever but I think
I'm decent at the game don't you idiots
that's my favorite is when they're just
like stop punching everyone not doing
great I'm not killing it
I suppose it's like Batman you're not
killing it ever but you play these games
obviously he kills people I don't think
he likes to pretend they're unconscious
but when you when you do that to a man's
spine he's he's not gonna be okay he
might live
technically sure he's alive but he's
spending his days being spoon-fed
applesauce okay all right back to the
mission back to the mission at hand I
played a little bit before this I played
a little heavy bullets which is a very
strange game
what is that evil what's it's a first
person shooter roguelike first-person
shooter roguelike that has like very
trippy graphics and the the selling
point the gimmick behind it is that you
your bullets are heavy and so you get
six bullets in your gun and after you
shoot them you need to pick up your
bullets to use them again
yeah which yeah that was quite fun okay
a little um
some strange little strange and the
visuals got a little a little sickening
hmm know what overall is good fun
go around
oh I just beat up someone in Detective
Mode that's fine most of most of this so
far has just been remembering how to
play Batman it's the first time you've
played it since the last room yeah
practicin new games coming out I know
probably doing episode on that I mean we
probably should I'm very worried about
it I want to like it yeah I haven't I'm
failing the series I haven't liked
origin and ever'one bitches about origin
but everything I've seen in the previews
for the new one that's not gonna feel
like I don't give a shit about the
fucking brothel girl I don't even want
to fucking that we'll be able to be in
the game but the ads the ads of all and
battlefield battlefield battlefield
battlefield take action Batmobile take
tank Batmobile I want I want stealth and
fighting because it's fucking Batman
Arkham game that's what I want I don't
want a fucking combat the 1980s hurry to
thank game right
get out of here I hit I hit my counter
button oh I am sucking rich overtime you
can't you can't hit the these shock
baton dude it can't hit them okay
can't hit the shock baton people so you
use your your roll away
my problem is timing my counters how
does Batman not kill people with a a
missile tank how does that how is there
no collateral deaths with that vehicle
Batman would never have a bat tank you
wouldn't I think it's a fair question
rich that's a fair question like how
does he not kill people with like power
battle armor you know you know like if
you punch these poems look started to
write it's gonna be completely
superficial but I'm gonna be annoyed the
whole game because Batman looks fucking
retarded and all of the ads for Rob
Arkham Knight
well it's superficial Thank You Batman
but God would like it it's also like
that's what you're looking at if it's an
ugly thing that happens part of the game
experience move them away from here as
soon as you can
I know take him to the man I know you
know it's the safest place on the island
okay I know what's gonna annoy me the
whole game sure sure
all right where am I going again I'm
going this way
I'm batmanning Boston technicolor says
Richard looks like he's destroying
things with no people in them
well how fucking convenient invents a
bat tag and the criminals just have to
be using robot vehicles to fight him
without fucking convenient
he says I you hit like an old man that's
what he said to me rich
oh yeah they said I hit like you it like
an old man well they're wrong you're
you're gonna break a spine yeah well I
just knocked I played this game you're
gonna break a spine the promise the
promise photos of me make next ones
there
I wasn't expecting out tonight anyway
because I wasn't gonna see jackals right
it's me sick me sick or not we usually
don't physically get together for the
sunday streams right maybe Tuesday yeah
yeah Tuesday there's a thing Tuesday
there is a thing oh those are the guys I
punched I remember things I've done
things and stuff where that's bathroom
whereas my Magic's tells me where to go
button there it is
nice
two people one place
I'll do some crazy stuff happening here
there's some crazy stuff going on here
rich I mean I'm the way you look at the
crazy people yeah I just got into the
crazy people thing what is it is an
insane asylum to shame you you should be
more shocked you haven't seen more crazy
people cuz you you pretty much just run
across cops and Joker's henchmen that
that's right right the asylum should be
filled with all sorts of different
non-affiliated crazy people actually
actually coming up shortly
yeah you're gonna you're gonna you're
gonna see a bad villain cameo villain
cameo
that's exciting I know there's no boss
battle or anything it's just there's
just there's a cameo coming up and it's
a little bit subtle
okay I like it I have to try to figure
it out or you're gonna you're gonna I'll
point it out but it'll be in play it
she'll probably say oh damn IV really
not interested no that's not it either
I'm just saying outfit come on let's uh
show a little subtlety here just stay
where you are
last thing I need is you running free
holy crap she is wearing no clothes just
just see oh oh you can see her hair in
detective mode then you'll see in a
second okay that's weird
have you have we been seeing other
people's hair one day one did Ivy stop
being human that's it that's a modern
thing that's that's like a that's a I
blame I blame Chris Nolan like trying to
trying to rationalize it scientifically
what her not being human yeah earlier
than Christopher Nolan that was just the
Jews game the general is game oh sure I
just I always I always associate him
with like the downfall of just people of
comic book superhero stuff when
originally she was just like a botanist
who knew all kinds of exotic plant right
wasn't that the original deal with ivy
you know she does she always had toxic
blood you know that was always the thing
by the way you're in the the cameo role
I'm in the cameo room it's going it's
going to we're going to scantily clad
lady cut scene right now
oh and cutscene the poison ivy and yeah
Harley damn girl okay oh here we go
all the crazies got out now uh-oh didn't
think that was gonna happen
nope didn't see that coming tonight okay
hold on I'm looking for a cameo to have
to cut him free first man that it's not
in that little room okay it's downstairs
it's useless
your terminal has been destroyed give me
the sequencer what oh yes of course
there's like a bitch on Batman's face
where it's like his Battle Damage it
looks it looks too wet he's sweaty oh my
god there's like an order 1886 thing
happening right now it's like a close-up
closeup of my hands
he always know what the Arkham games
actually did that first I don't know
that you control the movement like you
do in the order but know the Arkham game
we've always done that get a new gadget
he looks at it for a bit
right
Oh son of a bitch what what I can't get
out of the theme room well obviously you
have to use the new gadget you heard it
yeah but I couldn't find like I couldn't
find a terminal thing I was down the
stairs already and I was trying to use
it on the gate oh oh
the terminal was on - I figured it hey I
figured it out once you get cameo is to
the left
well there's someone here who is the
streamer exactly before before you go
upstairs he looked just like the warden
no he looks like she Oh before that
before that he looked like one of the
other guards cash ah he does like this
that great that's really fun that makes
a perfect amount of sense
oh yeah and look you can see how like
the mud and stuff in his room in this
place I'm talking to him right now
oh how creepy oh oh oh oh he just I
looked away and he changed oh he did
yeah I looked away now he's Commissioner
Gordon also it does randomize okay I
thought it just did one change I've
never noticed it doing it multiple times
that's great oh let's see what happens
maybe it's always random maybe that's
why I thought he was the warden first
maybe that's that's great
hey I didn't even know that yeah that's
fun
what's up here I can jump oh that's
creepy well I was just one of the
inmates afraid
no no he's like he's still in one of the
cages yeah that's got to be a developer
or something I'm not sure I think I just
came up when I eat when I tried to
stream this game once I think I might
have been like somebody who wanted
contest alright we're here we're here
with the crazies now maybe Ivy's around
here there's a trophy over there that's
great
yessuh
great we're doing great
I avoid beads thank you for subscribing
I know that's I avoid or is annoyed with
like two elves Boyd beets or I Lloyd
bees by the way thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it it's
true we do seven months in a row our
subscription thing has been wonky today
for y so Lloyd is it Lloyd with two O's
or is it hi - Lloyd how does that work
good question Lloyd Lloyd is always with
two olds is it I don't know I don't
notice these things tools of the
beginning word that just that just makes
no sense to me it seems horribly with
undi
you know back in the ale all days just
just four yucks I used to use that up
for each I slash lower case L to clone
people's names and just talk with them a
lot of fun
they're bringing guns to a fist party oh
yeah you gotta be careful about the guys
going up although it's going to the
walkers yeah I said yeah they're not
being fair Hellcat striker thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we do we very much do stupid
things
stop it
how do you hate on tape rates hate to do
things
Steffie pig smell thank you for
subscribing we really appreciate it
stiffy Pig smell yep big smell pigs one
else
okay I don't know but I know we're gonna
have to buy me a new headset yeah yeah
mine mine broke it's it's held together
right now with tape
that's stubborn huh sure it's starting
to fall off again
alright that's fine don't wanna say have
to go over there but the floor is
electrified the floor is lava rich yep
well it was probably a button somewhere
that turns it off I was by the button I
thought I was by the button oh whoa oh
no the floor is lava the floor is lava
shit shit rich I felt oh you you your
grappling hook and get back up this
isn't this this isn't rocket science see
here's the button but I can't press the
button this is not rocket science this
should be a thing you're a full sludge
boy thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
it's true ten months in a row okay I do
things now I do things I get it I get it

[Part III]
I am a big dumb dummy there's a there's
a different thing I think I think most
people have the issues that I have they
just are not doing it in front of a live
audience probably that's what I make
myself I think I did just fine my first
I show sure yeah but there's no proof
you don't we don't know those guys kind
of freak me out
yeah interesting you're just punching
them you're not countering them and III
like the counter animation on them
sure kind of flips him over his head and
slams him down you know I'm looking for
efficiency here not flair now okay okay
Jeff you and I rich we are very
different capers pizza train 11 says
don't let rich intimidate you you're
doing fine oh thank you beats a dream I
feel like I'm doing keeps a train 11
Jack this guy this guy has your back you
could at least get his name right what
the fuck I mean you're right you're
right yeah absolutely right
Oh hailey hailey I hate looking at her
good you don't like her design in this
game I do not like her design in this
game
oh you it makes some sense with the
asylum sitting there going for like a
cheesecake nurse thing since this
particular incident matter like like
overall yes it makes sense with the
world I got to figure out how to save
the guards now lost in Technicolor I
don't hate you where'd you get that full
idea
okay I can figure candy straight that's
that's the name I'm trying to think of
for the nurses candy stripe right yeah
oh yeah no like I get it within the
world of Arkham Asylum it makes perfect
sense but I just don't like it
Theodore J hooker thank you for
subscribing we really appreciated seven
months in a row
wait can i defuse the bomb no it's okay
I'm Batman I have a gadget you do save
the day with a banjo Nico : still my
favorite Looney Tunes character
Wile E Coyote oh yeah how could you not
love the groom I'm fine with the
roadrunner me I have
I did I don't hate the roadrunner I just
you know not my favorite
no no Bugs Bunny really really yeah bugs
is the ultimate smartass okay okay this
if this know my favorite individual
Looney Tunes cartoon doesn't really have
any of the major characters in it it's a
pair of cartoon mice and I've heard the
name Kirby and Bertie fairly obscure
like they're in the for cartoons total
but these two mice eat a bunch of cheese
and they get sick and they can't stand
the sight of cheese anymore so they
decide they're going to commit suicide
what yeah yes so they they try to get
this cat to eat them what the cat is
very suspicious that these two mites
want to be eaten so the cat's afraid of
the mice because he's highly suspicious
of their motives sure and then the dog
just doesn't know what the fuck is going
on because you have two mice you don't
want to eat cheese want to be eaten by a
cat the cat doesn't want to eat mice and
there's poor dogs like sitting there
with an adding machine trying to figure
out what the fuck is going on this is
this whole worldview has been flipped
sure that is my favorite individual
Looney Tunes cartoon sounds great
seems like they should be egg oh there's
a guy up there okay I get it
that's screaming at me there's a man
screaming at me rich oh oh I know
Detective Mode yeah I remember the
pulling down
hi pressing the right buttons is hard
sometimes rich yeah extremely clever
user names as Chuck Jones was the worst
of the WB just Chuck Jones the most the
most amazing person in all of animation
Chuck Jones is fuckin awesome every
every one of my favorite Lodi Tunes
cartoons is probably a Jeff Jones
cartoon the wily the roadrunner stuff
the red seasoned duck season stuff
Chuck Chuck Jones is fuckin amazing I
can only assume you're trolling I would
also assume stop yes
they add some Batman I play it up Batman
I wasn't even sure what that was but I
still blow it out oh I control that I
guess that makes sense
oh I suppose you're right it is more fun
pressing the counter button you toss
around sure I guess
dude dude just have two chests and a
petty like pew you know you know he just
had a cameo on the order 1886 I feel a
few yeah yeah yeah that's pretty pretty
intense stuff you know you know had a
small part of it that came yeah you know
I am French huh did you know is
as it turns out I am a Frenchman I love
the ladies
near the main character is kind of
Yosemite Sam unveil them Sir Galahad oh
sure
I'm valium oh yeah lots of valley I
thought you just said you've got
practice from from hand of fate and if
we're good at it take take your time
take your time and watch out for the
electric for yeah it's like every time I
try to do something another guys it's
fine I'm not I don't feel like I'm
last time I played I mailed the section
absolutely nailed it I'm sure I'm sure
you did I believe you
Oh nope that was our choice that was the
wrong choice
they do not allow any other combo moves
did you unlock any of the combo moves
let me insta-kill one sure don't forget
to use those and you're mashing yeah
you're mashing in my heavy rash you did
here mashing you were correct
I know I don't want to hear that mashing
that ends now hear me you hear me young
men that was me mashing to get out of
electrified one for me okay okay okay
slow steady like Batman like Batman
oh crap I'm gonna die hey I countered
Uschi right I saw Jacqueline Arkham
Asylum I had to even sick I had to
scrape in just the backseat game you see
the instant kill combi move on the guy
at the altar thing that's really
satisfying issue you kind of rip it out
of his hands and stab him with it I
don't remember what the car
Oh for fuck's sake it's only it's only
the most important aspect of combat in
this game you wouldn't need to know that
you didn't have to die
you didn't have to die I didn't have to
die figure out figure out what your
combos are that's I'm looking right now
oh I have a throw I can throw people
yeah but the other one where you just
take them out of the fire it's probably
better the combat takedown is yeah why
okay bny got a sound okay let's try this
again okay I am auto-tune because I am
skyping in from home where my internet
is crap
and here get out of here Batman
watch out Batman
oh I just punched a guy in the dick
nothing socratis I just punched him
straight in the dick it's the mark of
any good game
that did hurt that did Hoyt
get the compost you just use on a thing
that just using another mine
come on come on you like yeah they're
fun combat takedowns fun rich what are
your thoughts on them tend to making
mobile games I don't give a shit because
I don't like playing games on a tablet
one right there okay you know it's gonna
be fine it's gonna be fine we should be
worried about the company that
Nintendo's going with to make these
games
because they have a past of
microtransaction all sorts powerful
things but it's Nintendo Nintendo gets
to do whatever they want yes we really
appreciate it thank you for subscribing
we really appreciate it I don't think
I've ever I don't think thank you for
subscribing there's a good research bag
remember that one
don't don't mash prioritize the the
shock baton guys and don't mash but
definitely prioritized shot guys first
thing should be to jump over their back
and to hit them from behind right never
you see if somebody's got the shock
thing take care of them first here's my
problem yeah my problem not the game's
problem
yeah is every is when the spider sense
comes up if you're already punching that
person when the spider sense comes up
yeah well you don't mess that's why you
don't mess you do hit them hmm
but you don't hit them all the time
right what I'm saying no I don't you
it's hard to you
he hit the button to come somebody you
counter them unless it's the red counter
which you can't counter them
running into problems because you're
matching the hip button and you're in
mid-swing when they when they start
hitting you and you don't have time to
block them beating somebody else rather
already throwing a punch trust me I can
get out of this battle without taking
one hit and I know how this works I know
that I know it's doable I am NOT I'm
saying this is my problem okay okay
don't forget about your combat takedown
get out get out get out get out
don't don't don't do the ground pound
when you're surrounded by guys said shit
takes a while
no no I was pressing the a button and I
wasn't I was jumping instead of climbing
animus primal lesson no Jack why are you
ruining the reputation of Batman I ate
Donuts as rich is making Jack feel bad
about us perfectly average again that's
probably fair that's probably fair I'm a
harsh coach but I got to do it what it
takes to get to get my man to cross the
finish line catch more flies with honey
that's bullshit
you catch flies with fucking fly swatter
also my instant kill thing I don't know
I don't understand when to use the
combos whenever you're able to whenever
your your your uh combo meter turns
yellow you can use one build up a couple
meter numbers will be X by tomorrow at
the top left hand of the screen how long
have you been playing this game you know
I can check steam it's been a while how
long how long I don't understand how
things work I've been hobbled ha boy
obviously
more better since Jack's gonna surprise
us all by revealing to us he's been
blindfolded the entire right and by the
way if you didn't know there was a combo
meter you were not doing perfectly
average yes
Hartley's been everywhere on the island
so I'm calibrating the scanner to only
show prints that have traces of
chlorophyll and it's a cell cylinder now
I'm probably still in there nothing
showing up on detective mode
well he's inside the metal door sure
mm-hmm
okay I need to go to the Botanical
Gardens okay
now your teeth I can't wait for it my
next fight and figure out what this
combo meter is all about so which
explain free flows next please
I don't think free flows came in until
the second game basically you get get a
combo for not basically not getting hits
and and not waiting too long between
attacks your your combo meter builds up
and for one the higher it gets the
higher your score so you can more easily
buy upgrades and also the higher it gets
ably the stronger your acts are okay
well once you get I don't know if you
have the upgrade for your combos coming
up every every 5 hits because default is
aid but there's an upgrade for 5 with
with the upgrade every 5 hits you get to
use one of your special moves so if you
get to 5 hits you use the combat
takedown and that that basically
automatically take somebody out of a
fight that sounds like a great time
oh I did a dumb thing to tribe says but
rich doesn't speak volumes about the
game that you can get this far
completely ignoring the combo system it
might say something about the
difficulties but the game is still far
more satisfying to play if you're
actually good at the combo system if
you're good if you're good at building
up a large combo and you just utterly
kick ass that feels great
sure again if if it makes you feel
better you could skip out on the more
upgrades just artificially add to the
difficulties sure no and I think the
armor upgrades are the only thing that's
been keeping me afloat see that's in
skills skills thing again I can get by
without the armor upgrades I try to to
upgrade the funner stuff first III might
I might even do the armor dead last sure
sure it's because I'm awesome arles you
know
okay where do I go again oh my god oh
wait there's a magical thing that tells
me where to go that's right where's the
magical hardly fingerprints
no that's just where I was fever
all's IRS's this is previously recorded
live thirtieth times streaming this game
everybody's celebrating we haven't
played this game that much for I know I
don't have streamed it once and you've
done it like twice I think yeah sure so
we don't like for time so nothing
compared to like FDLR Isaac ex-con right
right and I saw and you know I asked you
know after playing a new game
someone wanted to see this I think I
think the interesting thing with you is
this is like literally every minute
you've played this game who's been on
string right
yes and this is just your first
playthrough they're going through
everybody gets to watch I think I think
that's interesting enough when I did it
was a no different attempt I've fucked
up two-thirds of the way Julian but okay
Jax objection play Maximo trio I wish
they made maximum three I I read about
it recently in the last like a year or
two ago the the original concept art
because they they started working on it
before got shit-canned it was gonna be
like the first games like you know
skeletons bats it's based heavily on the
original ghouls and ghosts game okay the
second the second Maximo game is like
here to ask clockwork steampunk monsters
and then the third game was gonna be
like Cthulhu themed
I think there's there's a lack of
cthulhu yeah and just in the world in
general I'd like to see it was some more
could feel that happened but no game
never got made but a couple years ago
they released a whole bunch of concept
art for it what not cool
I don't think I can do this
nope okay that's fine
mr. at shoe 12 says remember when games
were made to have fun and not make no
death runs what does that mean for one
that have for one that implies that a no
death run is not fun right for other
they they totally don't build games for
no death runs they build games these
days so you can die infinity number of
times and you always respond like 30
seconds before the time you died like
games are the opposite what you just
accused them of also yeah the note the
no death run was was invented with older
games because people just wanted to play
more of them
people don't know death run modern games
well I do but I'm a weirdo
sure I think I'm the only person who
cares about doing like Arkham no death
run yeah all right I'm not going the
right way
I am NOT going the right way okay okay
for the for the 80th time I sound weird
because I'm skyping in from home and my
my internet it's crap yes you probably
also sound weird because you're sick
yeah yeah right through my throat feels
okay it's mostly been my stomach I'm
throwing up a lot yeah some guy some
guys summit roof
yeah I don't think I have what everybody
else was getting yeah oh I was worried
that I gave you a that I gave you the
sake no I'd like some of pains and look
not pleasant
no oh I've been heading the wrong way
this entire time
hey I got a Riddler trophy had something
teeth over here but I don't think Tjader
845 says Ridge can i pre-order space cob
do you really need food but you free
orders or not you're still not getting
it until it's done I never understood
free runners free orders never made any
sense to me just wait until things out
and then pay for I don't know it seems
to make a lot of sense then then then
you can even like hear reviews first and
then you're not buying a game that's
like crap please cut bite sorry I'm not
saying this cops running off prime and
in the spirit of the world maybe maybe
you pre-order space cuffs and then it's
like terrible how do you know that's not
sure
100% of possibility Jack have you ever
not been able to find a game on
releasing does it ever happen no never
yeah pre-orders are the biggest fucking
scam yes uh Turley pointless yes if they
expect the game to sell a million copies
or order a ton of them at the store
because they're gonna want to sell as
many as they can if the game isn't that
popular well then you're probably not
gonna have trouble finding a copy anyway
right no and especially nowadays with
you know Amazon and games that ship
directly to you you just never ever have
to worry about not playing a game uh-huh
I'm trying to even think about like back
in the day you know like there was just
there's a shortage oh there was a Mario
- I think my may have even started it
because that one sold unbelievable
numbers games and stores are running out
of them for Christmas time I think it
might have just been Marie you - and
ever since then pre-ordering and it's
it's it's completely irrelevant in this
day and age 100 percent 100 people are
free order a lot of copies of a game
that is anticipated to be couple stores
are
okay we're okay there it is
botannical gardens rich okay I ate down
it says rich i pre-ordered BioShock
Infinite on Steam and got a free copy
XCOM enemy I'm not was got a scam well
what about a scam it would have been a
scam if it turned out that you thought
BioShock Infinite sucked then you didn't
get to read a review first then it would
have been cheaper just to buy XCOM enemy
within on your own I don't know if it's
still on I don't know if it's still on
sale I just want to bring up I saw that
on sale on Steam the other day like 67
percent off for enemy within and and
vanilla just enemy I know and I think
was 75 percent off
she's just just a heads up I don't know
if they're still on sale but last time I
looked they were upgraded okay let's see
here we can upgrade some stuff
sonic Batarang
I don't know if I want that just I just
checked up the store page right now hmm
75% off for enemy unknown and I'm
assuming within is yeah well then is
with enemy within is 67 percent off that
is nine dollars and 89 cents if you want
to buy it right now great vanilla
vanilla XCOM it is 849 I just recommend
getting within its it's certainly worth
an extra buck and a half for the content
you get with enemy within I don't know
where it's buck-and-a-half
totally worth it totally worth oh that's
like a whole dollar I don't know it's
outside of everything else you get you
also get the single best mission in the
game but like a fucking 1/2
Oh dick punch yeah I am bad man and I
will dick stiffy pig smell wants to know
if a chef master or pasta for the love
of fuck please help me maybe just
because I've had stomach problems the
last couple days but definitely
definitely some nice plain mashed
potatoes just some some good just
completely simple easy on the stomach
mashed potatoes that's fine that's fine
I wish I wish she had mashed potatoes
here I should go out and buy potatoes if
you do plan on buying XCOM sale ends in
like 12 hours
see ya half the day to decide okay now
the button prompts are doing
okay here we are at the botanical garden
where we are surely going to fight the
Joker and no other plan themed villain
right hmm oh my god there's a crazy
person on that kinase head that's all I
was I was I was reading some shit what
was that question you just asked me jack
I didn't ask a question I said I said
okay I was being a little sarcastic and
I'll bang nothing here we go to the
Botanical Gardens where we are surely
going to fight Joker and no other plant
themed villain oh yeah yeah but now I
see that there is a crazy person on the
statue head I don't think I know step oh
if you if you climb up to a high spot
can you kick him off
I threw a bad Batarang at him oh oh
that's excellent
Oh off yeah he died you killed that poor
crazy man for no reason
oh actually I did kill him oh no oh no I
didn't kill him it didn't pick up his
heartbeat at first and I was like was
that it was that the time Batman killed
cuz some guy was on a statue oz Mike
thank you for driving we really
appreciate it it's true we do we really
do all right
Botanical Gardens here we go gonna fight
the Joker nobody else
that was weird tribe says I just think
rich is super cool for some reason I'm
that guy in my group of friends so I got
it scroll the chant scrolled up channel
doe I'm that guy in my group of friends
so I feel deeper fighting sympathy for
his plight I don't I don't know how to
feel about that comment what is your
plane so in your group of friends you're
the one who's completely talentless I'm
just kind of there that's not true
we need you rich someone has to be in
front of the camera lord knows we don't
want to be by default somebody has to be
in front of the camera bad guys
okay I'm gonna use my superior tactics
marriage nope nope they're coming this
way
why do you come this way I went the
other way I ran the other way you idiots
here we go
here we go tactics superior tactic nope
but stop following me did you not do not
have the double Batarang upgrade oh
maybe maybe that wasn't so useless after
all jack maybe that wasn't so useless an
upgrade after all well let me sneak the
behind although going that way I know
they turn around they turn around cuz
they're big Jerky's oh here we go I can
get up I can climb finally not finally I
have to remember how to do all this
weird stuff like the like the battering
pole
we've got one like out I got a gun out
of some one of the guys that's something
I mean you know he's just picked the gob
you better punch him first then
okay I did it that was sloppy
as always but I see what you mean now
with like the combo turning orange oh so
then the thing turns orange and then I
can use a combo oh yeah you're you're at
the look the garden the bought the
botany garden and you just you just just
learned about the compost that's the
thing that just happened just now oh oh
there was a whole underground thing oh
wow
brick there was a whole underground
thing orig so that's probably how they
wanted me to do that instead of I said
the way I did Oh No
what's that what's happening what's
happening it's fine everything's fine
okay here we go
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
I am Batman
and I've got a bad plan
and that
you have a bad plan Batman usually has
good plans that's what I meant
rich you're going to run for president a
sustained know who the fuck would ever
want to be president and that just
sounds like so much hair loss I know has
got to be the most stressful thing in
the world yeah
no no interest in being president not
not one little bit and you're gonna die
no I got it not a chance
I totally got it rich if you say so no
oh that's right they have their stupid
collars uh-huh
getting out of here okay I got to rich
you know you got a ways to go Jackie
yeah we used to go don't mean spilled up
so I don't said it but somebody as far
as presidency in the hair loss somebody
said well you may as well finish the job
Ridge hey you know what at least there's
still some infant you know I I'm okay
with the bald spot I've made my peace
with that obvious I'll be said that I
have no hair up firt yeah ring around
the head it's just an awful awful look
Hey
and I can't afford shaving my head cuz I
will look like Charlie Brown stole yeah
as long as I got some in front I'm okay
and you're so gonna die you're dead
actually you just died I just saw you
die yeah cuz you you've the only way you
know how to do the stealth is to kick
people and make a lot of noise which is
like the best possible thing you could
do I know I just got someone I I'm
trying a new tactic
yeah I think I got this okay if all
these tools at your disposal check like
you could you can use the explosive jail
jump at the top of a ladder and then
when they climb up you detonate the
jello and then they go flying off and
get knocked unconscious when they fall
into the the floor beneath them you
could sneak up behind somebody and do
the silent take down so they don't
instantly run to your location once they
hear a loud ticking noise haha Wow
things you could do in the stall that
you just well basically you just refused
to do refuse I refuse yeah I'm probably
gonna die again I got two down again so
that's something but you're going to die
oh yeah oh very very quickly by the way
I have very low health did you buy the
upgrade with theme the sonic Batarang
that lets you lure enemies ooh I did
like you could you could set up a trap
for somebody because when use that it's
always one the way it's programmed is
it's always one guy who goes to
investigating so you could you can like
separate somebody from the group with no
sonic battering like up in that top
section where there's nobody you can you
can set up a sonic Batarang and then
wait wait on what are the goggles then
as he walks under to check on the
Batarang that's when you do the inverted
takedown sure sure
that's a way to do it I think Think Like
a Prayer think like a predator
right I am working on it I am working on
I got two more down okay
so still can't believe I'm gonna make it
out alive
cuz the stealth in this game is not like
your traditional passive defensive
stealth where you just trying not to be
detected the design the stealth game is
it's kind of offensive sure no no and I
like that I like that about it they give
you an arena and I tell you to figure it
out this is part
part what I want to say is like part of
my issue with this is my issue with the
stealth miss game is it's way too
fucking easy to sit up on the car girls
and just jump down takes care of
somebody real quick then jump back up to
the argan oil that's my major issue and
that's mine when I play unless I wanted
to an inverted takedown for fun I
usually avoid going up to the gargoyles
entirely if I can help it sure you know
like I think what my I think what my
issue is no get out of cover is this is
once again a whole like playing in front
of people
situation and so I I feel a pressure to
keep moving
you gotta climb up here uh-huh
Hannah oh did you dying I died that's
really one guy yeah how mad one fella I
thought I thought I could hop over the
thing and then drop down and and get him
but I couldn't do you have the the the
proximity detection explosive gel where
it just automatically blows up when
somebody's near it you don't have that
upgrade okay that's a fun one to use the
edge of a cliff
why are you hiding down there where
they're all gonna storm down in a second
hey why are you doing what you're doing
you see because I'm awesome I'm gonna
I'm gonna see you die is what I'm gonna
see no I got it I got another one
okay okay that's kind of good I like
that I like that I just thought yeah now
when you're down on the greats
be careful about doing that too close to
a body cuz there's a body to the ground
they will check in the grace oh sure
there's a body nearby yeah
yeah that was no surprise okay but not
not out yet no crap now mine you started
when you start hitting people that's
like that that makes everybody rush
right towards you yeah that noise will
make the guards come running yeah but
then I went up to the gargoyles and
someone heard me right away well good
you deserve that for for hiding up our
girls second in the chicken one cheap
cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap
cheap and the gargoyles because then you
get to hang them up that's fine this
time Street it's a why it's sometimes
true it's sometimes see is this
sometimes food
it's like Cookie Monster president of
space thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it it's true
congratulations on your second term as
president of space to be fair on my mind
Oh death run this this is this is the
the spot I die dad okay isn't this isn't
the easiest room in the game I'm just
trying to figure out like other things
you can do
now I want to now I want to climb over
you know figuring out like a like we
talked about earlier like figuring out
the most efficient route to take down
these criminals is something that's
important to me here we go okay I got
this
this guy's gonna walk right here so Dan
Wilson or Don Wilson
you know what's it's both that's kind of
a joy it's both I don't know if I forgot
to halfway through the call or what just
a slip of the tongue I'm not sure what
it was but it's it's both I guess
aisles are just wildlife reserves should
probably be Dan because Don Wilson is a
martial artist died the Dragon and the
dragon bull so yeah so it should
probably officially be damned
yeah okay I did it
I did it rich you need to stop this now
I saw that animation is too far then Don
Wilson Paul oh yeah that was beautiful
fun fun stuff oh I need to shut down
power to this room new objective shut
down power also like you have you have a
grappling hook and you have an area to
cross with like arches over it
you telling me I can't like I understand
for game I can't use grappling hook but
like come on this is clearly what what
are you grabbing the grappling hook went
out on you when you were halfway across
I need to be fucked sure I know
sure yeah yeah no what if wait how can I
climb this I probably don't want to
climb that
I don't yeah you figured oh I'm gonna
figure it out yeah what is your what is
what does the detective vision show you
nothing did you forget you have
detective vision hey that's a legitimate
question question well you see those
power lines running through there's
probably a yeah that's key there that's
wrong I just got me a Riddler trophy
where do those pipes go
get out of here they were pipes rich yes
they were pipe yes the pipes go to the
other door great Shan is bringing up the
Wing Commander movie I totally forgot
they made that a Wing Commander movie
yeah okay based on the wing your name is
Mark Hamill in the movie I know he's in
the games he's like the man character
uh-huh but I don't know if they I don't
know if they bothered to use him for the
movie which is kind of sad hahaha
they might not have been able to afford
him that's possible too probably not
true like what time or what era market
that's that's true too yeah
I had a I had a tumble build-up ah see a
good hip don't get yeah yeah wait
they're cheating the red guys they have
guns don't forget to use your combat
takedown for crying out loud
oh yes wait the Wing Commander movie was
directed like Christmas
he's the guy who actually made the games
like not the cutscenes for the games
like he designed the games sure that's
so weird
that's a very strange idea thanks are
you okay I did it I'm fine I eat Punk's
like these for breakfast that's the
worst I eat Punk's like these for
breakfast or the power controls you
don't know listen I know I don't
looks like something I should be able to
know good time um looks like Joker's
booby-trapped this control box this is
going to be tougher than before but it's
a risk I'll need to take Joker has
booby-trapped the control box I do not
as asking you jack did you watch the
good or the bad trailer of fury road
fury road yeah is there a bad trailer
I've only seen that first one they
released I remember liking it I'm
assuming that was the good one okay if
there's another one that's bad I am
unfamiliar with it I don't know if I saw
your answer I don't know about the robot
hand I think that's a bit a bit too
silly for me the robot arm what are we
talking about Mad Max fury road Oh is
the new Mad Max yes yes sorry I should
have been I should have been more
specific
you should have been more specific oh no
I had and I only saw the first trailer I
have not seen any new trailer
I know J's all pumped for it I don't
understand why he's all pumped for it
does he like a drill always sure I don't
know that I'm I don't know that I'm
super excited but the trailer look good
them I'd be willing to watch the movie
when it comes out yeah I want to see
guardians of the galaxy not every new
movie coming out looks like garbage sure
is asking if the bureau the XCOM the
bureau's onself that's worth buying no
it's it really it's called XCOM the
bureau but its ties to XCOM or minimal
it's basically just a dumb third-person
shooter so again no listen no I played a
little bit if you say so and you keep
saying that
I'm not sure it's true no I don't I
don't think the Batman would get hit as
often as you do I'm a reasonable
facsimile of the Batman I think
reasonable might be going a bit too far
I'm sorry that's five sorry I'm not
great at this game
and I'm gonna have to be okay with that
this is neat I like this area I mean
like the big tunnels
okay neat area you know what I've
noticed about Arkham Asylum not the game
but like the the The Asylum itself sure
what lots lots of caves lots of weird
library like areas very few jail cells
the the jail cell to cave ratio is just
completely fucked up and it's no wonder
that prisoners keep breaking out of a
prison that's just riddled with caves
leading to the surface how does the
Joker keep escaping I don't know which
tunnel to use this time hey I saved this
guy I don't get to talk to him
it's fine
isn't Arkham supposed to be modeled
after Alcatraz then will there be more
walls and cells and you were writing
caves right right yeah Alcatraz is just
a prison it was nothing it was nothing
before it was a prison okay I don't care
about Poison Ivy's backstory I just want
to pick up the tapes what time is it how
late are we good yo kruseman are all
wearing the security colors I'll need to
take out the operator first this seems
like a big section coming up we'll sit
you know what we'll save this for
another time for another all right yeah
you know what yeah I'm glad I could make
it in to save the stream me too I was
dying so much rich I was doing so bad at
bat man okay well goodbye everybody good
night thanks for coming out thanks to
all the new subscribers thanks to all
the old subscribers and thanks to
everyone else who just came out we
really appreciate it
yep
