Oct 11, 2015
Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9jTbn0B6yw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNn3QlGfDj4
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/653294966358343684

[Part I]
one green light one green light that's
kind of a reference for there are four
lights was the reference the card the
the episode the the two-parter where
he's captured by the croissants and
tortured oh yeah I forget the exact
number of lights but they want him to
say that there are five lights and
they're actually four they want to break
the car oh sure sure
so everybody we so you can probably see
what we're playing we're gonna play keep
talking and nobody explodes and we
actually had to print out the matt baume
manual I think I wish I wish you could
see this thing it's it's it's huge here
here I mean like like look at this thing
look at this thing it's huge like and we
had to print out the whole thing
it's like 23 pages it's huge
which is I mean it's too much I think
and so we have to like get it in order
which i think is going to be like part
of the actually something we we need to
do getting to business I know it's crazy
it's crazy town so what we need to do is
make sure that our voices are in sync
yeah so one of one of the mods tell us
if you can hear this I'm going to clap
tell us if our voices are in sync or if
we need to mess with the settings we we
checked it out is this the first time
this is the first time ever and it was
Rich's idea yom-yom and here it's fine
do it in sync I think he left over
beefcake i I think rich decided to get
the face cam because he finally watched
a different stream
oh my god facecam let's get a neat rich
for the first time in his life watched
of a live twitch stream it was like hey
that face cam technology that's pretty
rad outstanding actually watch somebody
streaming this game you know and and
like I admitted to rich that when I look
for people streaming games on Twitch I
usually pick people who have a face cam
yeah and I don't know why that is but
like in my head like they're more
trustworthy and we've just never had a
face cam because obviously we can't even
deal with playing games we're worried
about being a hassle because we can't
get anything right we're gonna find so
far right you're gonna you're gonna
start this shit look at this it's
amazing so I know very little about the
game and I only watched like a few hours
of streaming hours right
and so we're a little in the dark I'm
gonna be playing and what has to happen
here is rich is basically just gonna
turn away from the TV so he can't see it
right oh my god okay I am turned away
from the TV and my bald spot is clearly
visible oh my god look at that that's
amazing look at that you guys are
getting a one rich Evans bald spot
alright so I I am the bomb defusal
expert yeah and Jack will be trapped in
a room with a bomb yes okay let's see
yeah this game requires bomb defusal
manual version one to play please make
sure that you have the correct banjo
what is the two for one two for one
submit yes rain sounds good alright
sounds good let's go over the controls
okay what are we going next
no sorry I was watching the event you
vain son of a bitch
no I was watching the chat okay so like
the bottom a is to select cut the blue
wire
okay so yeah this is pretty standard
just a new bomb was placed on the table
deselect the current module what wait
what deselect cuz I'm gonna need to do
this be be just be basically goes
backwards okay how do you select an
individual module I there contribute it
and then a 2 goes to zoom it how do you
okay well she'll say so the bomb is
different than the other it has a second
module press the button oh so then you
zoom into this module yeah way to press
the button again oh you know what we
need to do rich what we need to move our
what the fuck's now to the other side
Oh cuz we're on this side we have you
know our what the fucks are now hold on
tabbing I'm alt tabbing away from here
so then the doubler sub alert moves over
here all right that's fine Barry oh
thank you if whoever didn't subbed right
now for letting assess that unless you
hit a thing did you hit a thing or was
it just good timing no it was just good
timing oh thank you great thank you
cracker man
5:26 you can see how like our camera
goes up to here a little strange it's a
little strange it John King what we're
gonna see how the FaceCam goes I I'm a
little unsure about it he's vain
he's so vain I am I'm just looking at
myself right now and thinking oh what a
handsome man let's go to this game go to
this game rotate how do you rotate right
right stick right stick just okay
right stick rotates great great yeah
that's easy-peasy
yeah thank you the real quaid i did
support the Reading Rainbow Kickstarter
so every child could have access to the
Reading Rainbow oh yeah there we go okay
if you ever need reminder of these
controls okay finish great I could do
this
so now rich you cannot look at the
screen even a little bit I know I'm not
you're all for the campi mm-hmm we'll
just see we'll just see how you guys
feel about the cam we'll see how we feel
about the cam and I don't know it seems
to be the thing that people do bombs all
right are we ready for our first bomb
rich yeah why the fuck not horrible
right okay the first bomb everybody has
to start somewhere let's just hope it
doesn't end here to make sure your
experts have the manual rich has the
manual hey I turn more you can't even
purr if that's why I turned a little bit
more even / are you ready to start oh
god yeah is gonna go horrible but yes
I'm ready
I can't wait to you're in charge of this
ship okay
I'm not allowed to look at the bomb
defusal manual all right let's see what
happens
nope alright what do you got what do you
got oh my god okay so uh top middle
there is one big oh here we go there
there's there's one with like Roman said
no symbols symbols hi I'm not pie like
Alpha Omega symbols alright only one
column has all four symbols depress the
four buttons in order of the symbols
appear from top to bottom within that
column
alright describe some symbols with the
top from from top like reading about the
left sure so top left is like a circle
with feet an incomplete circle with feet
Omega Omega okay what's next
the next is AE okay and it's like Omega
Omega AE then what and then like like a
six there's okay okay like a six like a
six with a flat top okay and then kind
of like a number sign on a six number
sign AE Omega yeah that's the orders
notice six six numbers cell number sign
a Omega Omega I think we got it okay
good what's next what's next wires there
are three wires yellow white white three
wires three wires why are gonna have
three six wires out and only the one
correct wire needs to be cut to
ceremonial okay okay three wires if
there are no red wires cut the second
wire are there red wires no red wires
then cut the second wire we did it go
next next next and then there's a hold
button it's just one big button that
says hold subjective to the button what
does it say it says hold I played that
like eight times what color isn't it's
red it is a red button that says hold
alright red home we can do this we can
do this and there's nothing there's
nothing else this is it just one red
button that says hold oh my god do I
press the button if the button is red
and the button says hold press and
immediately release the button do we do
it
we did it alright
how much time do we have
we did it in two minutes how much time
was in the bomb five five out of Wow
easy we did we did that easy easy I got
a check yeah you gotta check the back we
did it oh that's fun
okay let's see what happens next
selection to the basics something old
something new WI yeah okay something old
something new when did seeing a familiar
bomb become comforting no matter this
bomb will only be half comforting okay
half comforting okay we have five
minutes all right give me a module rich
you oh you have a bomb in your lap Jack
and it's gonna blow up
this is serious okay all right ready yes
go okay we have one blue button that
says detonated I'm gonna guess we don't
I have to read things is there more than
one battery on the bomber more than one
battery yes is there more than one
battery how do you know what the move
you know what a battery looks like you
have them in your remote control I don't
see anybody it's something like on the
side of the bottom of the bomb I don't
see any better any batteries yeah okay
okay that's not gonna help okay there is
a white button that says hold white I
think you should blue well that's this
is a different module what a time Jack
there's a blue module that's module that
says detonate okay okay let me let's
focus on the wait wait the blue one says
detonator hold detonate the blue ones is
detonated yes the white one says hold
yes okay okay okay it's not this is not
gonna go well I can see that already
oh my god wait rich there's batteries
how many batteries are two batteries
alright alright alright
I forgot to look at the top in the
bottom of the if there's more than one
battery on the bomb yeah and the button
says detonate press and immediately
release the button okay
got it right then the other one is white
this is hold yes alright is there on the
side of the bomb is there a lip
indicator that says ca are a little
indicator that's a CA are yes no there's
there's one that says frk and one that
says okay okay white wait what do they
say f RK and s IG there's no more
there's only two batteries there's only
two batteries okay but this ran on the
above apply hold the releasing a hell
button if you button down a colored
strip will light up on the right side of
the module based on its color you must
release all right hold down the button
hold it down what color is the indicator
what color is that straight yellow
release it when the countdown timer has
a 5 in any position okay oh my god we
did it
alright next next module next module
okay it looks like um it's like a grid
of squares and it has um two green
circles on it okay okay looking for this
okay what did you do I died crazy but
don't press buttons Jack I'm you're my
puppet you're my puppet oh my god oh my
god oh and I can okay it looks like I
can can go up down left or right
yes squares with two green I just wanted
to press the button to see what it did
and it didn't we got our strike
alright where are the rows and columns
okay Jack what's the room what's the
combo is row across columns are up in
towns over there okay where are the
green circles first column second row
this is a one green circle first column
second row is correct
oh my god I don't think I'm doing so
well first column second row NORTHCOM
second row six column third row yes
all right where where is the the white
dot is third column third row third
column third row yes
all right where's the red dot the red
whatever oh the red X is last column one
two three four fifth row all right we're
down so third row third column is the
the white yeah all right down yep right
yep up yep right right down until you
hit it we're good we had 18 seconds
great can you believe that I feel like a
hero
you are a hero rich Evan I'm gonna do
one more and then we'll switch places
sure and we do one more easy one I
double your money
all right let's see here the task is
clear but the timer doesn't care about
your workload oh my god
all right let's do it let's do it rich
all right what do we got what are we up
it does look like rich is looking right
at the bomb because like you're looking
at what it looks like you're looking at
the screen
oh that's what he's raising away the
bomb is there they can't see your hand
okay
first module I see has one two three
four five wires five wires all right the
red wires snow if there are no red wires
cut the second wire oh how many wires
are there five fires oh my god oh my god
all right is the last wire black no all
right is there exactly one red wire no
that was either all right there no black
wires there are two black wires all
right cut the first wire there we go
all right next okay okay we have another
one of those was on me by the way yeah
maze we have another one of those symbol
ones right what do we got what do we got
what do we got we got something that
looks like a question mark that kind of
teetered off teetered off or upside down
teetered off it's like started as a
question mark and then it kind of like a
question mark so it's or like a three
that that like with a Y on top know what
like a three with antennas no it's like
this the top of a three and in the
bottom the the paper got ripped away
from your hand so it's like three okay
okay okay we have a curve that goes into
a loop okay we have the copyright symbol
okay and we have a fancy a it's like a
happy right symbol curvy thing ripped
off three and then the other one that's
it all right okay now we have another
one of those yeah we have a backwards C
with a dot in in it yeah yeah we have an
O with a line on the bottom okay
star star a star
a hollowed-out starts just the outline
of a star okay okay and an upside-down
question mark yes the queue the over the
thing in the bottom backwards C star and
then the last one that's it
okay next okay and then now we have one
with two Y or with three wires three
wires three wires all right are the red
wires no red wires cut the second wire
that's it
all right okay now we have one red
button that says press we actually have
two red buttons that say press but but
like one module is one red button and
then the second module is another button
red button is pressed they're both red
buttons and they both say press has two
modules yes but I'd the one I'm on is
just one red button that says press well
then just one module of time you're
gonna confuse me okay all right one red
bottom word button this is fresh yeah
that helps me not one battery a dead
name no names I didn't impress so good
indicator that says F arcade lit
indicator that says frk the side of the
bomb you know all right hold the button
and tell me what color comes up yellow
release with a countdown timer has a
five in any position okay and then the
same with the second one what does the
second button look like it's a big red
button that says press the same thing
yeah same thing
yeah oh it knows but it's white now oh
oh oh my god that was my bad for me yeah
oh dear guy was killed you oh yeah count
don't really hold it then then release
it when the countdown timer has one in
any position
sweet boom that was a terrible high-five
that was all elicit reverse high-fives
our first on-camera high-five and I
think we messed it up
well I'm sorry jack hahahahaha I'm sorry
I kept you from blowing up
we had like 30 seconds all right so
what's the plan you want to know I got
the wire Oh oh my god oh my god Jesus
okay you take that take that
all right I'm gonna turn now this is no
death run so far so are you just gonna
do free play are you gonna keep going
with the okay oh my god there are so
many manuals here yes you get German
jack I have nowhere near done enough for
my liking no face cam no technical
problems and the bomb has not blown up
yet this is not the prereq I'm used to
ah right okay okay everybody I have a
bomb manual alright I have a bomb manual
defusing bombs are you ready I mean no
what does go when you're tell me when
you're ready to go subject of wires and
the subject of the button keypads oh my
god oh just go let's just see what
happens what what you do I'm getting
Stern
okay all right I am starting okay I'm
ready I'm ready
I mean oh my god there's no light okay
there we go okay symbols symbols I can
looks wait wait
symbols okay one looks kind of like a
fancy H with like a lie on the cursive
lie in the bottom right corner almost
like a cursive age though like an
uppercase cursive age then the other one
looks like a like an A with a T in the
middle of it
a cursive H with a lie on the bottom
kind of yeah or it could be like a K
it's got like kind of like a fancy X or
maybe an H okay I think I see
all right then there's next to that
there's a a with a catty in the middle
okay there's that circle with the line
on the bottom kind of like a cue circle
with the line on the bottom okay and
then there's like a zig zaggy thing kind
of like almost like backwards and on its
side a backwards it's it's it's got some
zigs and zags there's a lot of zig zags
backwards and on its side oh oh yeah I
see the backwards AM okay okay press the
four buttons in order that the symbol
appears from the okay okay ready yeah a
with T okay no press the four buttons in
the order their symbol appears from top
to bottom within that column
yes what they're all gonna be in one of
those columns on that page Oh are they
yes
what I'm gonna get us blown up right
away
yeah whatever simple appears they're all
gonna appear in one of the columns
whichever one appears the top that's the
one I at first they're all gonna appear
and want to become why am I talking you
through this oh I see okay a circle line
okay 80 80 anything anything age thing
okay here we go yellow button that's
this whole subject of buttons okay if
the button is yellow hold button refer
to releasing a Help button okay hold it
down until you see what color red
countdown timer has a one good all right
all right I got the mace thing Oh an
amazing amazing fifth column third row
for a green circle I'm not even on the
title yeah
amazing okay go ahead
fifth column third row and then bottom
row fourth column are the green circles
bottom row fourth column mm-hmm okay
all right the white the white dot is Row
three column three Row three column
three the red triangle is column five
bottom row okay right right up wait
right okay up left left left left left
down oh shit down okay right right down
down right right right right down down
left left left left down right right
right right right all right all right
there's a
this is the thing with a word knit it
says you are your you apostrophe re I
got 24 seconds or I'm gonna blow up this
thing with a word in it yeah the second
second
it says you're sorry I said wouldn't it
boom
oh no we're done what is that one all
right
we tried you we're gonna retry we're
gonna make it work oh my god hold on I
can't even find the one with a little
word in it
the terrorists ran you're right Oh
oh my god what I got sorry I got six
wires six Meyers Rock six Meyers tell me
what to do yellow wires did you wire
wires I get six six wires are there
yellow one yellow wire okay are there
more than one white wire no there's no
white wires there's no white wire yellow
wire on the bottom no white wires cut
the last wire last wild no no there is a
yellow wire there is a yellow wire that
I cut and it was on the bottom there's
no white wires and I cut it there's no
white wires no my wires and there's six
wires six wires and as are their red
wires is one red wire
oh there you go cut the fourth way oh
thanks okay symbols symbols I get their
symbols okay all right we got that a
with the T any with the team we got that
backwards in backwards in we got that
thing unless I got like a fancy kind of
a with like a little thingy on top yep
and then we got something that looks
like a like a train engine
going left yep okay all right 1818 fancy
a fancy a and and train train
all right maze maze top left very top
left there's a circle say no more right
all right white white squares top left
and then the red is third row third
column and bottom row third column
bottom row okay all the way down all the
way down yep
okay and then over just over all right
easy all right um all right we got
anything on the back no okay
we got a thing with numbers there's four
buttons and say four three one and two
and then there's a big display number on
top of that that says for two and a half
minutes okay okay okay there's the thing
with numbers it's four buttons there's
four buttons and then there's a big
display that's this form does it look
like Simon Says no this looks nothing
like Simon Says there's there's on the
top there's like a big big display on
top with the number 40 under that there
are like four four like piano he looking
like buttons just rectangle shape
buttons for rhythm for arson one of them
says 400k this is six I see okay okay
press the correct button their progress
is module pressing the encourage button
it's the display the display is for yes
press the button in the fourth position
all right that was button 2 now it says
3 press the button in the third position
no no oh three oh sorry press the button
in the first position
that was not right
that blue blow to me up pressing the
incorrect button will reset the module
back to stage one oh no that's fine rich
did you get the harder things you're
gonna heart I'm a terrible this is this
incremental we did the easy ones first
I'm a terrible bomb expert that's what's
fun that's what's fun alright retried
good guys guys darn it we got it I got
to survive one of these times she's
Gorham it alright mmm oh my god hmm hmm
well its first I'm restarting okay yeah
we're it no I was no no no you saw that
you and we're totally we're totally
restarted you need to tell me when you
start cuz I did think of water I did
tell you you need to let it start okay
alright alright the lights are off I
can't see anything okay okay a yellow
button
this is detonate on the subject of
buttons it's a yellow button yeah it
says detonate how many batteries are in
the bomb um four four triple A batteries
is there a label frk no okay hold and
look at the color white release when the
computer timer is that a one there's a
one in it nope it's a yellow button it
says detonate guys four batteries
oh I just press immediately and release
okay okay maze maze how you do the maze
fifth fifth columns second row fifth
column second row and then second column
fourth row
what the green circle yeah
fifth column second row okay
this other green circle is in second
column fourth row
are you getting columns and rows
backwards Rose go I'm not on the top
across so second row from the top down
yeah second row then five spaces over I
don't see this four spaces over five
spaces over okay then second column for
down okay I'm with you all right
the white white bit second column fifth
row
the red triangle is fifth column third
row so they're under both circles
they're under both circles yeah okay
we're which way which one is white one
white one is second column fifth row
okay down down right right up up up up
right right up up right right right
I'm up I'm done oh great
this all right now we got symbols aim
with a teeth it was a day you're fucking
with me
I a with a team that fancy cursive H yep
that fancy a thing with a Quigley big on
the top yeah and then the circle with a
line under certain with one a little sir
one 1880 fancy a fancy 8h all right good
we got a thing that says yes and then
there are six buttons under that oh I
know that one I know that one I know
that one it says yes it says yes got
less than a minute God oh um push the
the first column first column up and
down middle one no God darn it there's
there is nothing in the display this is
nothing nothing
can can I tell you something real about
me I don't know the difference between
columns and rows it doesn't it column is
up and down yeah you can tell me that
like a hundred times I won't remember
read the label and particularly I'm just
gonna have to guess no I'm done
oh I get it wait what I'm dead there's
no way I could like look at this that
was that one that was that was pages
there was no way I could tell you right
trying to go wait wait wait wait let me
just we'll read this there's no time for
reading the pomace is five minutes
Hamas's five minutes we're starting Oh
No okay Oh No well what whip start did
you look over I didn't see anything I
didn't see all right all right I didn't
see yeah we got that thing with the
numbers display says four just not what
the four buttons just you know I I
shouldn't be the one reading will switch
off you know switch off it's fun we're
doing great jack and we were doing good
we're doing great I feel I feel like
we're doing great
wait what is this one again number Oh
playing with the four buttons okay
number display with the four buttons
okay what is it for it says for press
the fourth button all right said one now
it says one now now it says for me
now it says what my push was one
analysis for second time says for press
the button in the same position as you
press and Stage one alright now it says
to press the button with the same label
as you pressed in stage one one press
the button in the same position as you
pressed in the same in stage one one
press the button with the same label as
you pressed in stage one yes
game for memory okay alright maze maze
second over from the top and second over
from the bottom that now you speak in my
language second over from the top second
over from the bottom where's my maze
where's my maze second over from the top
okay it's taken off from the bottom
yep the white dot is second up five over
second up five over up up one over five
yep
and then the red thing is up four over
four up for the other red thing is up 4
over 4 over 4 right up for four right
and the white thing is up 1 or up to
fourth column third row is the red
triangle yeah columns and rows don't
mean anything I know they don't
so starting from the top go down three
one and the first count goin says well
then go right for that is my red
triangle and and where's your white that
again
my all right from the bottom you go up
one and then over five do we start at
the top one at the bottom are we started
the butler okay left left left up left
twice yeah okay up right right right
right up up left oh my god up yeah and
you're there no not I am currently all
the way over to the right three from the
bottom then up then
I don't know the difference between rows
and columns and then you said when you
said okay so here's the question
when you set up one I'm sure you pay me
up one or up or one and then up one is
involved I would say on the bottom right
bottom I would love to do rows and
columns I can't I can't understand rows
in column row yeah you can borrow it you
can say that 100 times I will not
remember the difference between rows and
columns it's just a weird thing about me
I don't understand the difference
between rows and columns you know it's
like latitude/longitude no right there I
got part of just using the PI's columns
like on a building oh that actually
helps waffle tale Thanks
so if you hit retry to you get a new
bomb yes okay all right
yeah dungeon master blaster again it's
this is fun it's fine it's absolutely
fun and it's actually better than if we
were sailing through it sure so I don't
know if you know this about me but my
brain does not function properly
it just doesn't all right pressures all
on me no now the pressure is on rich and
we have real bombs here rows and columns
comedy but by the way now that you say
columns on a building that that makes a
visual reference for me and that does
help
so thanks okay ready yes are you ready
and yes wait I lost my chat
I lost much in there it is okay ready
yes I hit retry all right
they don't have columns on farms they
have rows about you like they have rows
of corn
okay maze maze okay what do we got what
about what do we have okay first column
fifth row is a green thing first column
fifth row then third column second row
okay okay the white thing starts third
column fourth row third column four
throw the red thing starts fourth column
bottom row all right dumb to get to the
bottom and then right okay all right
next symbols symbols or I wouldn't got
four columns we have an upside-down P
with a like a T that we have a smiley
face okay upside-down question mark okay
and and like a musical thing it's like a
backwards piece but sailin yeah
musical thing musical thing yep P of the
team yep
you save as a question mark was one
upside-down question mark yep and then
smiley face got it okay next wires wires
one two three four five wires five wires
is the last wire black no is there
exactly one red wire there are two red
wires all right are there there are no
black wires there are no black well the
same where yep look up wake up put a
word the word with the the six buttons
and the word is read
no Horacio I was doing that just to keep
every straight with me
column row column row I like the
building column all right so it says
read read like like a like re Edie
alright what's in the bottom left the
bottom bottom left is your like what
kind of your ' no no like why oh you are
no ' all right is there oh like oh you
age you inch yeah hit it
okay nope okay now we have the word in
the in the main viewer is see like the
letter C se e okay bottom right bottom
right is next
okay uh is there what question mark no
uh-huh uh-huh yep hit it okay what's
next
the with se e se e the bottom right hold
hold
all right the words you and are yes hit
yep all right what's next you y ou you y
ou you y ou you all right right side
middle button uh-huh h u h u h u h u h
alright the letters you an are yep hit
we got bomb defuser expert Ritz your
bomb defusing expert alright what's next
okay
was that just a random 100 you been
going on less alright
oh we're doing pick up the pace now Oh
rich was born for clerical work you're
right we have we have a request from the
binary Sun please have rich instruct you
as Robert Stack from airplane do you
remember Robert static from airplane oh
I don't know what do you how did things
at airplane alright
reading this only uses up your time you
don't have chop-chop we only have three
minutes okay alright let's see what we
got here here we go we can do this
everything's gonna be fine
and we have the wires one two three four
five six wires where's other are their
yellow wires two yellow wires is there
there's two yellow wires okay
are there no red wires no red wires cut
the last one got it next Mae's fifth
column third row and fourth column
bottom all right starting fourth column
top ending fourth column second from the
bottom right okay down left as far as
you can go
yep done 1 right 1 down 1 right twice
down one there you go
alright and and we have the the you are
the the word with this the six buttons
what you are yet like the letters you an
arm no no sorry why are you a re very
tricky game very true yes I know
bottom right what's in the bottom right
you h h h u h HH yep
you mean h u h u h h h
that's not on here jack Adam right why
are you a re bottom bottom right you HHH
all right ready yep
hit it okay next read re d all right
right middle right middle done sure
no uh-huh no next no well have to
question mark no your why oh you are
yes get it okay next next it's coming
it's coming
led bottom left
you are or you know Europe your
apostrophe re all right you yep uh-huh
that wasn't it our EAD is in the led now
sorry ad re ad middle right right middle
blank damnit time yeah
I'm sorry jack I'm sorry it's okay we
only have three minutes well things are
getting harder we all lose every once in
a while another module no that was the
last module and that was the last part
of the last module and I'm hitting retry
I'm hidden retry just two days from
retirement
okay okay okay ready yeah we have the
symbols all right
smiley face smiley face question mark
I'm side down question I'm sorry
upside-down question six with a flat top
okay and like two K's backwards six at
the flat top yep Kay's Russian mark
smiling done okay
all right now we have the the know the
word and the six buttons done yeah is
your Y oh you are right middle right
middle is okay okay a Y is okay a why
okay
middle this is word that says middle no
no no first yes hit it
okay next led bottom left what
I said what is it yeah what is it what
oh oh
wh-why are you know hold no you
apostrophe re no you're like just why
don't you learn what are you know done
no uh-uh
like no you why are you now you are you
why are you re you are no uh-huh no the
letters you and our next know what
question Merc
no sure nope you said the word is what
yes what's the top word led bottom left
says what says what
oh god this what with a question mark of
what without a question mark you HHH
know what left nothing what what is what
there yeah they hit what okay next hold
on alright hold on hold on
but right bottom right is why oh you are
uh-huh yep next okay then we have like a
like a blue red yellow green like
assignment says okay okay this is serial
number contain a vowel yes all right
is there a flashing button yellow is
flashing
there's no strikes no strikes
we have no strikes we have no strikes
yellow nope
now we have a strike okay the flush
what's a flashing color yellow oh fuck I
did for red our one strike flashing red
head lice are you rushing yellow I'm
sorry hit red yep
okay okay so don't do Simon Says when it
tells you Simon Says okay that is that
makes it mcdu that's conditioning I'm
conditioned to do Sam says okay Oh Simon
Says oh I looked over I didn't see much
okay good Simon Says okay what's
flashing green is flashing yellow okay
oh I didn't ask you the serial number
contained a vowel oh my god now and now
it's green red green red I'm not gonna
play it it also tells 100 this okay
contains a vowel it does it's doing
green red green red no strikes so yellow
blue yep
green red yellow green red yellow yellow
blue green yellow blue green green red
yellow red yellow blue green blue yellow
blue green blue green red yellow red
yellow all right green red yellow red
yellow yes yellow blue green blue green
that's it
simples Oh God all right next several
symbols we have a star yeah a smiley
face
yeah something that looks like a Triton
a trident monster it seems our smiley
face and then it's like a you with an
eye in there okay filled in star yes
smiley face
yep you with an eye in the middle yep
you in the eye of the middle wait wait
there's one more let's get you in the
middle yeah smiley face yep whatever the
other one was and star got and then we
have a number in a screen and four
numbers all right we're in the book all
right all right the number with the four
buttons yeah
all right what's the top on one one
press the button in the second position
okay that is 2 2 2 2 yep okay and now we
have three so now you go to stage press
the button in the first position okay
and now we have the number 3 but in the
third position okay now we have the
number 3 the same position as you
pressed in stage 2 okay and now we have
the number 2 button with the same label
you pressed in stage 2 oh my god I don't
know we're gonna take notes in the
future not it's not - we starting over
now are you starting over now we're
gonna die yeah we're 4
first position damn it's deer bats we
got Simon we got son hold on I'm getting
my notebook ready do you want to keep
track you want me to keep track I'll
keep track you can't look this way no
okay
my notebook is ready for note-taking
okay I'm gonna be so I am I am disgusted
with myself work but but like all I was
trying to remember was like what the
number you know what like the position
and the number was the first time mm-hmm
and I needed to know more good memory
flash it okay retry retry retry retry
retry hi ready yeah I'm ready are you
ready I'm ready
flyers how many wires
four four wires sir more than one red
wire where there's one red wire isn't
that more than one though okay
it's last wire yellow know how many blue
wires no blue wires there's more than
one yellow wire yes cut the last one
great next all right now we have a
letter or a word and the six words that
go with it
okay what's the word CSEE bottom right
bottom right is the letter U the letter
are done no the letter you know the
letter U ours yeah okay okay so now we
have the word they are they a are first
column second one down bottom is the
letter U what are you uh-huh yeah
hit it okay next we got this right sweet
so next next next l-e-d all right middle
left middle left is UHU H
letters you are no what are you yes you
hit it okay now our last module is that
is that the same one thing same thing
two of those fires and so we have yes
the word yes left middle left middle is
okay a why is the word middle erm no no
no first yes okay le ad bottom right
left right no left
okay next our D red yes right middle
right middle is you apostrophe re you
why oh you yes Oh Jason the Chad this is
what the hell is happening we're
defusing bombs here's here's how this
works if you're just tuning it right
sure yeah show them the manual yeah well
the screen that you are watching only
only one person is allowed to watch this
yeah Jack is watching it in this case he
can see the bomb and all of the
components on the bomb and he's in the
room with the bomb he needs to defuse
the bomb he needs me to help him defuse
the bomb yeah because I am the only one
who has and is allowed to look at the
bomb defusing manual which which has a
ton of different rules in it and so I
need to like describe the module to rich
and the bomb and he can't look at it so
we have to use teamwork it's insane
also Jay you might be confused as to why
you can see rich and I we're trying out
we're trying to have a face cam yeah
because before I thought oh you really
need for this game yeah because of how
frustrated we would be
each other yeah opposed you can see that
we're looking in different places yes
that's true that is true all right okay
no they're requesting that I have the
manual again
all right I think we're doing too well
the the chat requires some fail oh my oh
my god oh my god
Richard what's wrong with her proof room
okay okay okay okay
I am ready with the bum eye and I have
columns and rows all sorted out rich
I've never thought about it as columns
on a building before okay a hidden
message okay information to the obscures
and ways that are time-consuming to
decode in the world of bomb defusing
that's a bad thing
five minutes three modules three strikes
yeah when you enrich lanes all right he
disappears into the void okay I'm ready
I didn't I don't columns and rows is
hard to understand brain we don't need
those Simon Says Simon Says what I'm so
dead okay on the subject of Simon Says
blue is flashing does the serial number
contain a vowel yes
blue is flashing press red red okay blue
green wait no what blue and green are
flashing now so then how do you how did
you do it's the the blue is still going
to be red it just it just keeps going in
the same order it's been going oh ok so
then um red yellow red yellow yep blue
green red red yellow blue well good
ok alright I got three wires wires three
wires three wires what alarm clock what
oh Jesus Jesus three wires are there red
wires no no white blue black if there
are no red wires cut the second wire all
right great I got a Morse code fucking
thing here Morris : yeah Morris code is
a flat white okay the like I'm Hertz the
frequency thing under it okay okay yeah
I'm with you
what's that what's the frequency really
no it was at a daughter a - what I know
what's what I'm going to assume
dot dot dot dot dot thought that that is
H ok or dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot
dot dot dot dot I don't know what the
signal will loop with a long gap in
between so try to find the gap and and
start with one then just you know tell
me dot dot or - and then I'll tell you
the frequency I can't tell the
difference in atop a - fucked how can
you not tell the difference we're gonna
dine and dash the language dot dot dot
dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot
trying times dot me all of my guts try
3.50 53.5050 I don't need to do nothin
here great you need to learn yourself
some Morse code
III lived I lived great good ok
something is different these wires look
different to you this is bomb look
exploded to you what something's
different
mm-hmm
okay I'm ready Simon Says first all
right I got three wires three wires red
wires
yes ones red to or blue ones red to are
blue if there is more than one blue wire
cut the last blue wire okay okay
Simon Says Simon Says okay we need a
serial number containing a vowel yes it
does have a Volvo 'ls okay what's
flashing blue blue so red blue red red
blue red blue all right
blue red yellow red blue green
blue red yellow blue red blue green red
blue red hold on hold on blue red yellow
blue yellow red blue green red green
good okay
all right we got lights just went out
okay well I just just went out I can't
see what I'm doing I need away from the
lights to come back on we got some new
wires set up though some new wires yeah
one one roses there's wires one side
connected to the other this column says
one two and three and then the right
side of the screen is ABC so we got okay
red wire from one connected to be two
connected to a three connected the bead
look at each a wire on the LED above and
the space for the sodium free tour led
I'm gonna use a Venn diagram below to
decide whether or not to cut the wise
strips each wire may be stripped with
multiple colors
what stripped what I have no idea
are you on the wrong wires do we need a
battery I didn't we need bad area
identification do we have double a's or
a d battery double a's the boys great to
learn wait so how many oh I don't I
don't know there's there's there's only
three wires they're going from the left
side of the screen to the right side of
the screen then okay highly different
okay name describe the first wire
there's a wire from the slot labeled one
going in to be going in it's a red wire
from good one in to be okay
the bomb has two or more batteries it
will two doublea's cut it no crap what's
the color of that wire the one that I
cut was red okay what's the next where
it's black wires from two going into a I
was looking at the right wires I should
probably not there was there was a
complicated wire section that looked
like the one I was looking for but
subjective shit
shit yeah on the subject of complicated
wires look at each wire there is an LED
above the wire and a space for a star
symbol below the one oh not at all for
each wire and the wrong wires but you're
on the wrong wires there's no LEDs
there's no stars
there's no LEDs and there's no hours no
motherfucker I got one minute how many
wires you have there's this three okay
what if there are no red wires no there
wasn't red one I don't think this is the
old wires jack this is a new complicated
wire I don't have that wire fuck it by
Rama I'm hitting buttons no I don't have
that where diary Emma oh my god oh my
god I did what I had to do and I almost
made it back let me show you my so we
have the old wires yeah and then the
only other wire thing we have no wire
see that's the other wire thing we have
I don't see any other wire thing
disturbing we got a one two three ABC
where was that that is in the next page
that was that was on a nice page Jack I
almost did it on my own just guessing I
almost did it
gosh darn it Fleur bit her Fleur bit

[Part II]
okay already I know I somehow survived I
can do this okay let's go wait oh shit
it's all on order now why is it all on
to order now yeah
what why would night we have regular
wires regular wires okay how many five
is the last wire black no there's no
black wires red wires one red wire if
there's exactly one red wire and there
is more than one yellow wire yes there's
two white two yellow wires cut the first
wire all right I got the fancy new wires
the fancy new wires well we know I have
that one okay okay within this module
there are several panels with wires on
them but only one panel is visible at a
time switch the next panel by using the
down button
okay what do you have one going in to
see and it's red wire to going into a
and it's blue so the the first wire is
going in to see ya number yeah first
wire is going in to see cut okay blue
wire blue wires to going into a second
occurrence going into a or C cup
no it's in the second module is a and
we're going on to the next news oh
there's there's there's there's three at
a time are we only cutting like one of
these I'm in the second set I'm in four
five and six right now you're in four
five and six yeah
okay so what do you have for two a and
it's red five to be and I think it was
black my lights went out and then six
into see it's red wait so red to red
wires eight four two eight four two a
cut for a cut nope
five to be and six to see what's going
on red okay we got to get these new
waters we gotta get these in two wires
down because I don't know what's going
this is complicated
yeah well I'm sure it's the point okay
within this module there are several
panels with wires on them but only one
oh I did you start again yeah son of a
bitch okay we have the wires with the
LEDs and the stars oh my god I can't
okay okay what do I need what do you
need for me to go read this read the
instructions we got time we got five for
lower half minutes look at each wire
there's an LED above the wire and a
space for a star symbol below the wire
for each wire LED symbol combination use
the Venn diagram below to decide whether
or not to cut the wires okay first wire
yes is red no LED but there is a star
okay it's red yeah no LED but there is a
star oh there is a star yes
okay so we have red okay okay okay okay
I think I see this so here's red has a
star is this one red has a star and
that's B how many batteries three cut
okay okay
second wire is blue and red okay no LED
there is a star there is a star yes but
no light but no light yes
cut all right
blue and red yep LED is on no star oh it
is on
no star no star what's the last digit of
the serial number two don't wait cut the
wire if the yeah cut okay the next one
there the next wire blue light but no
LED blue yeah there's a light there's no
LED for the fourth while
wait there's a light or the star there's
no star there is light there is an LED
yes
yes it's blue LED cut white red stripe
LED no star
cut okay three regular wires two white
and one black regular wires three
regular wires yep
what is the last way or white yes cut
the last word
no two white one black
if the last wire is white cut the last
wires what it says is I didn't Oh
two white one black yes cut the last
wire that didn't work
two white and one black yes with three
wires yes second wire second wild all
right there we go
memory memory with the four buttons all
right first digit is one second position
for second position for remember notes
okay three four three button in the
first position first position three okay
one same label as you pressed in stage
two three three and there was a fourth
position
okay four four is a press the button in
the same position as you press in stage
two which was position one okay four
press the button with the same label as
you pet pressed in stage three which is
four
no it wasn't we're starting over for
fourth position of three all right okay
to same position as you press in stage 1
2 is also 2 2 2 okay for four to three
it's three three yeah button in the
third position third position is three
okay and I blew up time
almost I have my notes I don't what
happened
I'm type we rather no I'm saying what
happened was it with house messing it up
I don't know it's okay
yeah we had this done we totally got it
this time the one true Morty police
chief asks what makes you sure you're
qualified for the bomb squad Jack and I
said I went to Clown College all right
new fancy wires let's get this one on
the fucking way new fancy wires blue no
LED no star blue no one no no and no and
it's just just a blue wire so that is P
cut the wire if the bomb has a parallel
port you know the parallel port looks
like parallel port is just circles no
dashes and it's long I don't see any
ports okay so don't cut the wire don't
get the wire okay red and white no no
red and white no LED nope no no sorry
they're a no star so red and white no ID
so that is what's the last digit of the
serial number five don't cut don't cut
all right blue and red LED and star so
blue would write both around Blue Moon
red has an LED and a star and a star do
not cut the wire white yeah no LED and a
star has a star but no led everyone
white you're white wait it has a star
yes no LED
cut the way I'm real good
regular wires regular wise okay okay to
blue to yellow for four wires to blue to
yellow is the last wire yellow yes and
there are no Reds no cut the first wire
all right good simons this okay I'm
waiting for it flash waiting for it
flash green the weight of a serial
number contain a vowel yes yes okay
flash green then you press the yellow
yellow all right
green green yellow yellow yep green
green blue yellow yellow red
green green blue yellow yellow yellow
red green yeah no strikes two minutes
thirty seconds left
damn that's a much better high-five that
F okay you know I could be up and down I
think works a lot better try um manually
honored you want try it defusing I'll
try defusing alright I can't I just
can't
no that's you don't need that stuff
that's like the cover oh oh that felt
good
if I'll get having to win yeah totally
no wait till you see that new wire thing
it is true it's like a it's like a Venn
diagram the wire thing is the weirdest
cuz it's a Venn diagram hopefully um if
someone sharing the bomb defusal manual
so you guys can follow along how do you
do you can easily find it yourself at
bomb Manuel calm bomb Manuel calm it is
in sane it's insane it's you Usain Bolt
by Morse code yeah okay okay
had method something okay one giant leap
oh my god
sixty percent of the time this bomb
explodes every time that's funny that's
got joke now that has a reference that
is a reference to it I wouldn't call
that a joke
oh my god yeah this is crazy isn't that
crazy
okay ready four modules
five minutes okay are you ready no but
yes it's starting all right what do we
got first starting we don't have
anything right now
well yeah I could tell that snooze goes
off I'm throwing it okay we have the
words with the six panels all right
let's first work okay okay a why okay
the top right top right is right yes no
nothing the word nothing hit next there
a posture they apostrophe re bottom left
bottom left is left
right no left okay next up up up up up
up up up up up yes left middle left
middle is press right no middle what
middle no yes no ready no press done
okay now we have the wire the the wires
with the stars and we have a Venn
diagram yep we have a white wire LED no
star LED no star white wire so none of
cut the wire nope okay let's try that
again
white wire LED on no star LED is on so
that's a circle there's no star there's
no star and there's no color no color
right cuz it's white Oh white yeah
there's the only colors red and blue do
not cut the wire okay so now we have a
blue and white wire a wire with blue on
it no LED with a star
do not cut the wire next okay blue and
white yeah with an LED no start with LED
there's no red what was it
blue and white all right blue with an
LED and no star yep
this is have a parallel port no parallel
port don't cut the wire next okay
white uh-huh no LED no stark white
no LED cutting I didn't work last time
right no no last one had an LED Oh last
one had another idea
oh my god that's my forgot to cut the
wire yep oh we're good okay good next
okay
we have symbols all right what we got
what do we got backwards filled in P oh
my god backwards filled in P you with an
eye in the middle filled in star hold on
hold on
you and I aren't filled in star and
upside down P with the T cross all right
you the nine yep
P yep with the T P with the team okay
filled NP yep and then start Morse code
yep bye good bye good bye okay um - dot
dot dot dash dot dot dot I don't see any
- dot dot dots hold on dot dot dot dot
there - dot dot we're fucked
try three five nine five three three
five nine five yeah
sorry nope I'm sorry
nope oh my god ah I like that
tell my wife I love her hey we're try
again
fuck Morse code how sweaty is that
controller right now a little sweaty
okay retry retry rich we're ready to go
we got this we totally got this if it's
Morse code we're doing that we're trying
let's try to do that one first
all right ready come on fuck we got
Morse code all right let's try it first
okay ready you got dot dot dot dot dot
dot dot dot dash try 3 500 53.5050 k
next okay oh we have the 1 2 3 ABC wires
all right what do we got
what's first okay first wire first wire
is red a 1 red a alright red - a first
occurrence leave it alone next okay
- red B that's also a red yes
cut it's going to be yep cut oh I third
is it's a black wire I know that I have
to wait till the lights come back on ok
it's a black wire see cut okay next
oh wait the LED is in the fourth
position now the LED is like the fourth
one down LED I thought we're doing the 1
2 a and B and we are we are but there's
like 4 le don't don't worry about don't
worry about the LED okay so oh wait so
we have a 4 has nothing to it so 5 is
blue to see leave it alone
ok 6 is black to a cut it ok 7 is black
to be cut it 8 is red to see leave it
alone 9 is black to be leave it alone
okay
we're good 10 is nothing 11 is blue to
see leave it alone
12 is black to be cut it nope 11 is blue
to see
I'd leave lung nope
10 is nothing 11 is blue to see the
number actually means nothing is how
many times the color occurs okay yeah
I'm gonna cut it
yeah sure I've lost track at this point
yep that did it grand right we're done
with that symbols symbols all right what
do you got what you got what you got me
upside down question mark okay flat top
six smiley face wait wait wait I'm so
down question mark mobile structure six
with a flat top okay smiley face and the
choo-choo train okay up six with a flat
top
yep choo-choo train choo-choo train mark
smiley face great next amazed amazed
amazed me is amazing maze where's the
amazing amazing amazing maze amazing
this maze maze maze beibei's first
column 5th row first column 5th row yep
and third column second okay okay so we
are starting first column fourth row
okay and going fourth column third row
all right up one right one up to the top
go right right right
you got yep okay next
nope what no where's the where's the
white in the red white should be at the
top top fifth over and then the red is
fourth column third row you just keep on
down yet what happened ten must time
fuck
look shit time ran out
shit shit it's alright next this game
can be demoralizing rich is the horrors
of war okay go don't like that's good
I'm doing it nothing yet
we got nothing yet okay we got Mae's
fifth column third row and fourth column
bottom row okay we are starting third
column second row okay and going to
fifth column fourth row
oh my god alright see your worst start
again third column second row alright
and then the end point was one more time
fifth column yeah
fourth row so right under the circle all
right on it sir
go left twice down 1 right 1 down 1
right twice down once left twice
yeah down 1 right all the way over then
go up 1 2 3 left 1 down Oh
next a 1 2 3 ABC wires
okay okay
red see cut blue a alone
red a leave it alone
blue a kind of red be leave alone I'm
leaving it go
okay black kind of be okay
another black see you got it black be
cut it lights went out we only have one
more okay so hold on it's blue a leave
alone got it
we got Morse code all right all right
okay dash dash dash is in there is that
the first one I think so and then dot
dot oh wait they can't be the first one
okay that camp nest - task can't be the
first one I think starts with an O okay
it's in there but that doesn't matter I
need the first letter okay ready yeah -
dot dot dot dot
he's the first letter there's no - stop
there's okay hold on there's - dot dot
Oh a - dot dot dot three dots yeah all
right be worms three point five three
five or wait no I need the second letter
hey hold on hold on hold on
okay hmm
dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot no it's
just done three point five five two
great ok good next symbols all right
what we got what do we got wondering a
hollow star hello star backwards C with
a dot in it ok something that looks like
a backwards C with two eyes over it and
aligned in with two eyes over it you
mean two dots three dots over yes okay
and and as C into us into like as closed
oh this is the backwards een okay the
backwards C with the dot the middle of
it yep the curly Q star yeah who would
that Morris code is a fucker yes it is
woo who's making these bums
Oh God Jesus hi best time 47 seconds
left
oh my god yep oh my god I can safely say
that you two are the last ones I'd want
for a bomb-disposal yeah oh so far our
batting percentage is not very high
we're doing fine fuck off i dribbled
water when you say that we were doing
fine because we're not we're just not
doing this game looks painful to play no
not at all I die I enjoy this it's
really fun to play
I just did a little spin for everyone
okay okay all right
I how's everyone like in the camp
you guys good yeah yeah I seen uh from
our great faces right
oh my head look my head is missing huh
oh my chat froze hold on hey
unfreeze chat it's so many people saying
they love the cam to everybody saying
they love the cam absolutely that's a
great except for the way up see your
faces
ah rich did not reach to now like that
joke that's great
okay hey you ready oh yeah yeah fair
game
no more hand-holding remember everything
you've learned because anything can
appear on this mom five minutes three
strikes
I'm so fucking ready
I didn't start fucking hit it yes yes
get those notes get those notes got them
no means that's nuts
all right oh my god we got a new thing
we got a password don't password
Puu TV those arrows we can go up and
down
okay password the buttons in Buffalo
each letter will cycle through the
possibilities for that position only one
combination is a bit of available theirs
will match the password below what's the
weight so what's it say
PU ute cycle the first one what letters
do we have the pj r cv q p j r c vq okay
I go to go to Pete yep and then the
second letter you e o SL T L and then
the next one it should be a no matter
what no no no fuck go back to the first
word letter P yeah
q' v c r j
okay try it now go to see then ii was l
s oh oh try a spell oh good we're good
all right the three wires first currents
blue red black ones first wire is blue
one to see blue blue sea turn that off
I got blue sea and then to to for the
first two are blue to see ok first blue
yeah leave see second blue cut right
blue to be cut black to a cut red to be
leave black to see cut red to be cut
blue to be leave black to see leave good
good alright the words with the six
other words read re ad I've never been
on this side of this one i don't i don't
rea t re ad i can't read any of the
goddamn okay you are looking for right
middle as soon as the lights come back
on yeah give it to you
nothing it's the word nothing you h HH
no right no oka y yes okay
you are the letters U letter arm top
left wait
euhh it okay saves s ays bottom right
press right yes okay three wires blue
red black blue red black blue red back
glassware
Simon Says okay Oh blue we were bowel
yes yes okay blue red red right blue red
red blue
blue red blue I got it oh yeah
51 seconds yeah this is the real thing
with the cameras you get to see us dance
after the wind stuff first try I think
I'm getting the hang of this whole
readin thing oh thank you dick neutral
so yeah for anyone just joining us I
can't look at the screen while rich is
diffusing the bomb and you see the bomb
on screen I have to read this manual
like a different thing explain to rich
it's like it's like if I were in a room
with a bomb yes just what's going on in
the game yep and I'm calling Jack who's
in like Washington in the FBI
headquarters sitting there with like
this giant bomb disposal manual with
like stereo instructions if you want to
see the manual go to bomb manual calm
that's got the list of instructions for
all these things you have to do yeah to
defuse the bomb safely without blowing
up okay let's do one more pick up the
pace - oh Jesus
oh my god five modules two and a half
minutes there's no way there's no way
there's no way there's no way there's no
way Jack there's no way what I have
faith in you we can do this you're gonna
blow up you're gonna blow up things are
gonna blow up things are gonna blow up
okay okay I'm so fucking ready
okay okay okay why are six wires running
the wires six wires six wires yellow no
last digit of the serial number five cut
the third wire all right hold on with
the six buttons hold on hold on bottom
right first left yes the blank
I don't know it says you are the words
you are the word arm bottom right like
like like your apostrophe re no next no
the letter you know the letter U the
letter R no hold C the letter C top
right you just the letter U u h hu H oh
shit Oh
I got lucky oh yeah yeah white button
that says detonate okay button is okay
if the button is white yeah there is and
there is a lit indicator hold it down
with no no no look out for a litigator
with the label ciear no blue Oh are
there more than one battery on the
button yes just two or three press and
immediately release whatever
all right symbols Omega you than I you
know what Omega is the this kind of a
circle will give you you with an eye in
it okay flat top six backwards end with
a u on top of it okay a flat top six
yeah you I yeah backwards n Omega one
more one more symbols trained upside
down question mark back-to-back KS flat
top six flat top six yeah train yeah
okay yeah this is intense
mmm-hmm I'm going again we're going
again what okay I'm gonna only read one
more time then I want to be the bomb
yeah yeah okay I didn't I need to change
my pants yeah you do you monster
like look look how look how well I
framed my head I do have to slouch a
little in the chair I'm sorry that's you
know these are these are the these we
can read switch spots the pros and cons
of having of having a camera okay hold
on hold on hold on no room for error
rich oh my god that sounds bad
is there a hole in my toe oh okay
probably cuz there's green on my shirt
and that matches the green screen so
yeah you're probably seeing a little
hole in my chest okay one mistake and
it's all over five minutes five modules
one mistake and it's over one strike
alright alright so accuracy accuracy
take your time we have five minutes
ready yep we can see you guys sweating I
am a little bit it's getting warm in
here it is getting
and cymbals
okay train yeah a with a T in it
yeah Oh with a line underneath yeah and
that like kxe with the swoopy on bottom
thingy k XE it's like the like I think
you called it a fancy a with this thing
on the top no not a fancy a it's like a
fancy oh okay yeah the HK the Q the a
with the T the train and then the curse
of age thing okay we have the the word
thing with the six buttons okay
spelled out you are why are you a are
you why are you a are you yeah bottom
right sure you are
why are you a are you done no like okay
okay
our EE D bottom left your why oh you are
why oh you are oh oh you wait you H done
next there which is th e I are right
middle right middle is ready yes okay
now we have one two three four five six
wires regular wears yep this is the
regular wires are there no yellow wires
are two yellow wires okay is there
exactly well there's two yellow wires
two yellow wires are there no red wires
no red wires cut the last one okay next
we have the the numbers numbers and
number pad with the four numbers and
memories gimme the notepad
what's on the display what time I
display 200 but don't say don't do it
yet because it's got a blackout okay
ready - all right uh second position
second position is for okay um now we
have one the button labeled form that is
first position for okay to the same
label you pressed in stage one which
label was formed look up what column was
in it one first position for now okay
we're for now first possess what's the
what's the big number two button in the
first position is for all right and now
one the button of the same label and
stage 1 which is 4 woo okay next we have
another simple wire we have 1 2 3 4 5
wires is last buyer is black no okay is
there exactly one red wire there's
exactly one red one is there more than
one yellow wire no are there no black
wires there's one black wire cut the
first wire cut the first wire yeah this
is our last module you can see we have
time to think about it
alright um
the last wire is the last wire black no
okay is there exactly one red wire and
more than one yellow there's one red
wire and there's one yellow wire alright
there's not more than one right okay
otherwise if there are no black wires
there's one black water then cut the
first wire cut the first one yes easy
peasy guys we got a time limit we can do
anything we just we buckle under
pressure that's our problem when we can
take our time and read the directions
think about things nothing's gonna stop
us now I love this is a smart decision
right here's what this game is playing
this game yes this you know rich texted
me we can speak to you now yeah talk to
you rich texted me today you know
wanting to play this game and I was like
I said this doesn't seem very spooky
this looks like it could be a fun time
and so this is not a spooky tober stream
but that's scary rich and I were ghosts
the whole time yeah that's what I'm
gonna say
woo you can see through jack you can see
right through jack right I left over
beefcake we can we can talk right to you
hi welcome let's do uh let's do a couple
more let's do a couple more and then
let's call it sure what time is it isn't
that late it's almost 10:30 okay I'll do
a couple more rich and I were working
today
we did we did some filming today
eight minutes one eight minutes Walker
that's gonna be some terrible shit how
many modules eight modules eight minutes
I'm ready I am ready eight modules
that's yes it's not gonna change when
you say it again is the cam gonna be a
constant thing you know probably you
guys seem to like it and one word when
we're together at the studio yes
otherwise no yeah it'll be weird like I
don't there's no way we could like get
to cams of ourselves and like and then
like we'll we'll think about like doing
if it's like a me solo stream I'll think
about doing cam we'll think about it but
when we are together yes I think the cam
is is going over yeah and I like I like
doing this do you guys see how I can do
that all right ready okay it's dirt I
hit start I understand that you at least
say that three more times it'll be
everything so everything sir okay great
eight minutes yes eight module what's
the first module Mars cone
fuck let's get that over with right away
okay hold on I'm gonna wait for the
break
and the second one dot-dot-dot - the
first one is definitely - I believe
though three point five nine three five
three point five nine five there's
something one V word good okay simple
wires yeah three wires yeah to their
word wires huh other red wires no cut
the second while great next maze figure
out what the positions are what what are
the fifth column second row mm-hmm and
then second column fourth round yep
where's first starting bottom right all
the way bottom right all the way bottom
right and then fourth column fourth row
all right up three times left twice to
dumb limit
no over there over there you got it all
right okay Oh symbols is what's gonna be
next
all right but lights went out all right
there's nothing we can do one lights
going on is there like Simon Says with
colors we can see in the dark no okay we
have six and a half minutes okay symbols
we have Kay's back to back yeah upside
down P with the teeth wait Kay's upside
down P with the T upside down question
mark I've sat down question mark I'm a
choo-choo train
all right so the P upside down P with
the T okay yep choo-choo train yep Kay's
yep then you go okay I'm gonna turn out
that yeah yeah yeah
why would you have the alarm going for
that reason okay we have the the words
with the six panels okay first work le
ad will be the show this game le ad red
bottom right bottom right is no blank
the word blank no you HHH no wait no
first got it next our EAD
all right right middle right middle hold
the words you and are you are got it
next no bottom right you
why are you sure no you are the words
got it okay we have the the thing where
it's it's like the green panel with the
words and you can up or down change the
letters so so so uh looks like LP and y
AQ oh my god dammit pages are stuck
together Jack okay stuck together from
our sweat we got that we got that we got
plenty of time
alright okay so the possible it's Q L P
and why a those are possible first
possible L possible P okay and why a Q
large does large work I'd it's all the
same I'm on the letters yeah I know but
large is the only one I see with an L
and an a no the second column does not
have an A I thought you said I think you
did the second one no no these are all
the first letters I don't care about the
first ones just go through the go
through all of the first letter cycle
through Oh Pete okay so here's all the
letters that are out right now then I
don't care about just the first one yeah
that's going it up and down yeah that's
what
doing what do you get P yeah and why a Q
I P and P L and a are in there though
no L is not in there sorry oh so there's
there's P a P P and why a Q I all right
second letter go through me
l ya x b cubed V J third Oh Z X L M try
up tray about yep yes we have a white
button that says hold this whole a white
button that says is there a little
indicator with the label C AR there is
no lid indicator with the label ciear is
there more than two batteries yes is
there a lip indicator saying fr cake no
all right hold the button and tell me
what color it is yellow release it when
the countdown timer has a five in any
position got it next we got the wires
with the LEDs and stars we have the Venn
diagram wires we have two minutes left
and this is our last night what you got
first one we have a red wire no LED with
a star no ID has a star at the wire good
next blue and white
no LED no star that's blue all right
what's the last digit of the serial
numbers even or odd odd all right if the
wire if the last digit of the serial
numbers even cut it okay so I'm gonna
leave it yeah okay now we have a white
wire no LED yes star some kind of
amazing how we have better at it well
you know like once once you figure out
like how to describe things I think
that's the biggest heart the biggest
problem is just like what is this manual
even yeah yeah now you do so many times
you're like this is the module let's go
we can I know I this how we solve this
yes can you guys wear something sexy
next time it was literally impossible
for me to wear something sexy you know
I'll do my best I have a couple you know
pretty tight fitting t-shirts but what
we got what do you want how do you undo
this I'll do one more you do one more
okay okay okay
we need a bomb that is all Morse code oh
my god oh fuck off that would kill us
those Morse code one fuck off
i'm i if i can't even tell the
difference from the dots or the bashes i
would be doing yeah i makes me really
lucky that you haven't gotten any other
i got one and we just i think i look it
happened to be the same frequency that
was already on there every weird have I
told you that I lost my clown shoes did
I tell you that during the clown did not
tell me they see that I see the clown
how do you lose Klump shoes they're very
large they're very large end and not
cheap Khan shoes are not cheap
and just in the move you know I haven't
been a clown in years and just moving
from place to place as I have done in
the past and just got lost somewhere I
miss my
Jews they were nice they were nice clown
shoes a small wrinkle something is
different about this bomb and it demands
attention no oh okay I know what this is
gonna be there's gonna be a thing you're
gonna have to keep fiddling with in
order to keep the bomb from exploding
okay ready yeah
look for a new thing on that bomb it's
gonna have its own separate timer what
yeah there's gonna be a thing with a
separate timer it's like a minute or 45
seconds or something huh and you're
gonna have to keep going back to that
every 45 or whatever it is seconds on
the bomb on the adjusted or I think I
think that's what's gonna happen
no no all right no there's there is a
new module and it looks like it has a
like a like a lever that you pull yep
and that's it there's no timer in it
there's no time around it should I pull
the lever no I think once you stop
fiddling with it that's time who's gonna
start pick him up pick a module let's go
okay uh symbols yeah okay backwards C
with two dots over it and the line in it
thank I that backwards II those
backwards you write backwards e then the
you and the I yep six with the flat top
yep and the number symbol kind of on a
diagonal six a flat top backwards e
number symbol and then the last one okay
we have simple oh oh now it did
something yeah yeah okay I see it okay
we have time for simple wires simpler we
have four wires yep to red to blue more
than one red was what's the last digit
of the serial number if it's odd cut the
last red wire is it odd yep cut the last
red wire good you fiddle with that I'm
gonna figure out the next thing tell me
what the next thing is gonna be while
you're fiddling we're don't know I don't
know it's on the other side oh my I see
what I have to do here okay I have 45
seconds again okay I read a press button
it's a button that earlier sorry a
yellow button that says press okay
yellow button that says press
oh my god or is there more than two
batteries yes or no two batteries there
are only two okay all right hold the
button and what color is it red you hold
it in the color okay I wondered any
position okay good I need to fiddle with
the finger yep yep that's tricky
can you remember one of the other ones
tell me already go oh it is it's another
button it's a blue detonate button blue
detonate theirs
I forgot how many back to that worth or
there's more than one battery the button
says detonate press and immediately
release next press and immediately
release oh the star of the Venn diagram
winters is our last one okay
you've been diagram yeah yeah okay a red
and white no LED no star does white
matter last digit is even or odd odd
leave it alone okay next blue and red
one red yes LED yes star do not cut the
wire okay
red wire mm-hmm no LED yes star cut the
wire next red wire yes LED no star LED
no star yeah red wire no star but it has
an LED but that crosses over into me oh
here we go two or more batteries or no
how many batteries and there's two or
more batteries cut the wire great next
one is white LED yes
star yes
cut it first time
that's the the one that with the lever I
said like hold it and that would make it
like recycle time but I had to hold it
down to reset the time then as soon as I
let go
kind of down again yeah yeah that's
really fucked up man that's really
fucked up that's a fucked up bomb maker
bomb man people say this rips apart
friendships I say this builds
look at how well we are working together
no work because we're working together
oh but could you imagine if I was like
30% more incompetent oh we have an
accountant I would hate you got smack
smack smack I'm giving it my all where I
I'm kind of let down actually because it
would've been such an entertaining
stream I don't think I'd be any good at
this huh I thought that Manuel would
throw me for a fucking loop right Hey
okay I'm getting it ready okay it does
it takes trusts rich and I have been
friends for long enough that we know we
got like a psychic not a psychic link we
have a basic understanding of logic it's
just easier to like there's so much
stuff that off-camera that you guys
can't see it's just easier for us to
turn our chairs pay attention pay
attention keep your eyes on the prize
and also the clock five minutes five
modules one strike okay this is it right
this is it this is what I mean unless we
don't make it we need to wait another
one all right that's what I'm saying I'm
hitting start okay great
I'm ready
I'm ready
blue detonate button how many batteries
- okay impress and immediately release
all right three wires
okay black white red black white red
yeah three wires yeah black white red
yeah
cut the last wire cut the last wire all
right word with the six slots
you've led to le ad l EA the bottom
right
nothing says the word nothing you HHH no
right yeah okay the letter C the letter
C top right top right it says what what
why are you know hold no you apostrophe
re no your wire you are no the letter
you know done no you H you H know like
no oh sorry sorry what with a question
mark no just what - mark damn it
no that's really good ok event gas yes
or no yes yes you HHH all right just a
letter C top right is just what ya us
blank press nothing wait there's no you
H anything
how about what yes okay hit what yeah
all right
CSEE bottom right press right yes okay
mais top left and then first column
fourth row okay
the the end point is top top row second
column okay
the start point is sixth column in the
fourth row okay ready yeah up yeah up
yeah left left yeah
left yeah down yeah left yeah up yeah
good easy easy
nothing we're just ain't no things we're
just we're just we're just bomb disposal
masters is basically what's happening
right okay come back come back this is a
really fun game yes this is a really fun
game this is one of those games where
you just let you know you just need
someone to play with you that's great
yes saying the name of the game and I
guess we should - no I guess it's it's
on the title over sure oh that's true
it's a weird name though yeah yeah sure
it's it's talking and nobody explodes
yeah keep talking and nobody explodes
this is really fun this you know like
this is this reminds me a lot of you
know we were playing that uh we were
playing that uh what is it called major
space adventures yeah but you know like
I I kind of like that like I want to I
want to call this genre like true co-op
because I think there's a lot of co-op
games where you could just like yeah but
there are games where you need other
people and a humor
right right and I I'm really liking this
bomb deaths 12 thanks leftover beefcake
oh you're not gonna say anything about
our string of amazing success fine fine
we thank you too much new key affordable
space adventure we played affordable
space adventure for the Wii U and it you
know like true co-op I like this ya know
I love this I love this Hero games I
don't know what that is
agario but let's get to work Twitter our
Twitter sure we have some subscribers
yeah - hyung get my mouse - quick game
Brad briefly I that's on our list to
play lovers in a dangerous space-time
I've heard really great things about
that as far as a true co-op what that's
terrible
that makes it removes the stream there
no innumerable ways if I if I do half of
my face - you can do that and now go
half of your face and it looks no no it
looks nothing like that well it look it
looks like I'll leave camera and you'll
enter we'd have to time it right you
have to wear my face goes out is yours
goes in can you do that okay ready get
off get off the camera okay
and now okay okay
no fear no Envy shark spear 12 months in
a row dumb man ex Domenic's
14 months and what they're over if
they're over a rod 12 I'm sated okay
that's my that's my policy
is that dumb man X or dumb man think
some Mannix okay unless somebody who's
just really mad at their ex-boyfriend
that'll Man X then dummy dumb man he's
totally so dumb
honey snuggle
Arnim is strong Thank You Godfather 42
oh I get this what's this gonna do here
is we're gonna have a guy fat I thought
it through
that's perfect well I have a calf
thought a photo shoot and I want you and
your family to love it you nailed it you
know and now you get to see the
ridiculous faces that I make whenever I
do an impersonation this is the faces
that I make when I do an impersonation
Chernobyl kinsmen candy smack never
wealthy always rich but biome befo
Potamus fifteen months in a row Wow
ancient ancient subscribers thank you
this has to be you oh this one has to oh
my god I can't do that like it mmm
Rachel bad man voice I needed to get a
little bad boys ready by my voice Thank
You verse right did you need to say
Rachel and center the voice like I
needed to hear him say something Rachel
whatever you don't need me and you'll
see me I don't have my way with click it
sometimes but you gotta go what that
what that that put you right into place
anchor you need that one word what oh my
god
Definitely Maybe I like that man lots of
new subscribers I think it's just this
game and the camp that's I don't know
hero games
yeah games
uncool eight man oh yeah twelve months
in a row scooti mayhaw no there's no why
they just screwed mail scoot scoot me
whole thing like Katie and Scott may
Hall oh hey there it's a scoot mail well
thanks for subscribing it mister
and smelter wedge in all of us a very
unlucky 13 months in a row a rich man
jack sammich oh oh my oh I get it
can we home can we hold the rich
Aldridge is that possible I reach me and
Jack sandwich usually you name the
sandwich after the meat yes who's the
bread that's my question
I am I am bleached like Wonder Bread
there you go
riches both of the breads or it's an
open face today X Wiley h2o 13 months in
a row h2o isn't he gonna see again it's
I got a flow to it
Wiley h2o 13 months in a row Oh zing
vodka gimlet 15 months in a row it's
amazing and hence a frosh Hensel hence
afresh I'm so fresh then you got an era
it's fine thank you thank you all for
subscribing we really appreciate it
it's true we really do and now we can
look at you in your blog you bought the
camp you did you bought the cavern Vicki
we've been I'm pointing over here as if
the cameras over here playing damn it
looks like I'm pointing at them you
bought it you bought the cam it's double
what don't
