Jan 14, 2015
Spelunky, Crypt of the Necrodancer, Invisible Inc.
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3692515
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3692524
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC9UrYdp04o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-TZYtK4VJU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rLyP0RvwCA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/555436929614106624
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/555532354609893376

[Part I]
hey everybody hopefully you can see
and/or hear me
Jack is here rich left me alone
I said that we were going to start the
stream and he says oh great I'm gonna go
out and get lunch he called it lunch
it's 7 p.m.
and he called it lunch do you know how
upsetting that is to someone like me and
dinner a long time ago do we start late
is that a bingo does that count as a
bingo yeah kind of late
we'll allow it right what's rich
thinking so today because of lunch I
know
hi I'm mr. shy smile hi everybody thanks
for coming out hooray hooray solid baked
rich is very excited about his new
computer rich loves it more than
anything it makes him very happy and it
makes me happy that I don't have to
bring in my computer any more to stream
so we both love the computer hi
everybody hi welcome the Fat Boy Scout
character okay I will play as the Fat
Boy Scout character so because we had
such a terrible time on Sunday playing
call of duty today we are only rich
doesn't have anything unlocked so we'll
just play as the normal spelunker we
decided that we are only going to play
games that we like oh rich hasn't played
any of this game yet and so that's why
I'm playing spelunky because I love
spelunky and Ola I forgot to forgot to
tweet so we got it we got to do the old
live tweet and then then I'll start
spelunky and as you guys know I loves
Blanc e Neff tea
all right do you like chocolate milk
stouts
yes send me any milk stout I love stout
beer especially milk stout beers and so
a chocolate milk stout would be great no
later necrodancer rich is gonna play
necrodancer later he really likes he was
that's actually why he went out to get
food now is because earlier while we
were setting up he was just playing
necrodancer so which you know that's
fine that's fine
he wasn't doing his job tweet ok I've
tweeted everything's me let's get
through some spelunky I believe what are
the controls on this I believe we need
to go through the tutorial levels yes
necrodancer press to open it okay you
guys don't need to know the back story
the back stories here you're going
through this bill you're spelunking so
we're just gonna kind of get through
this as fast as possible
tutorial level
getting gold killing snake out
so we're just gonna work our way through
this we had such a bad time on Sunday
playing call of duty I really and I know
I talked about this a lot on Sunday but
I in my head I was gonna have such a
good time like seeing if the game was
really as bad as we thought it was or
maybe you know maybe it wasn't that bad
right cuz it's a popular game and man it
just sucked the life out of me out of
rich out of you guys and I can't I can't
apologize enough for playing call of
duty on Sunday
oh yes John Kela rich and I will be here
at the studio and but like I said he
went to go get some food
have I ever master twig wants to know it
says Jack have you ever beaten hell and
smoking yes I have on my Vita I have
100% against palanca I've done it I've
done speed lung key I've gotten over a
million I've done all I've unlocked all
the stuff I've done everything in
spelunky on my Vita I haven't done it on
the PC yet and this is obviously Rich's
copy obviously this is Rich's copy out
did I not get any
oh I have to bomb that's right this is
richest copy and he hasn't even played
it yet but he should and they didn't get
him to play it tonight I think he would
like that it's a great game
great game loop britches controller I'm
not the biggest fan of I really I was
thinking about bringing mine oh my dad I
died in the tutorial level can you guys
believe that JS around JS around he's
working on stuff so as per usual he
might he might stop by later I have a
microphone all set up for him if he
wants to stop by but he is he's working
he's working on stuff can you imagine
that the audacity of that guy working on
stuff it might he might be working on
stuff from the future of space these are
the important things to note so we're
gonna be okay with Jay working on stuff
because he's working on stuff from the
future space Oh
also now is the time to tell me if
anything is too loud or if anything is
not loud enough can you guys hear the
game can you hear me all the all the
normal stuff that we jibber jabber out
I feel like I complained about riches
control or a lot but then don't bring my
controller so I should know better
that's the moral the stories I should
know better and bring my own controller
levels are good Thank You actor Jay
jiae's breaking bad right
what the fuck
indeed just this guy you know thank you
for subscribing we very much appreciate
it just this guy just this guy you know
no big deal and BD just this guy I know
we very much appreciate your support
that's a shop but I don't wanna buy
anything so doesn't matter I just want
to get through these tutorial levels as
fast as humanly possible so we can start
playing the actual okay oh that was dumb
I don't care about rescuing the damsel
rich went to go get lunch yes rich went
to go get lunch at 7:00 p.m.
that man is strange but that's fine
that's gonna be fine we're all gonna
have to deal with that but space como
says turn rich up you can barely hear
him that's a very good joke all right
let's spelunky
no these are all funny jokes you guys
you're doing great
spiders spider here so I can kill him
great
trying to decide so anyone who knows
Blanc he knows that if you wait two and
a half minutes the ghost comes and the
ghost turns those gems into ghost gems
which are worth with so much more so
there's two gems I don't know if it's
necessarily worth it to come back to
come back to ghost them you know that's
the big question
maybe you know what fuck it let's do it
let's do it let's go oh yeah okay
there's skews another one next to yeah
we have we have enough words worth it
now I think we have enough Oh God rich
Evans the man the myth that Mike is down
cuz it's not no one was there but and
that way we won't hear crunching or
anything so I believe they can
everything's gonna be fine you don't
have the timer I don't want the timer Oh
spider I was a timer
okay yeah I just got through the
tutorials I didn't know that um I didn't
realize that you haven't played it all
yet okay okay there we go so now you can
see the amount of gold I have in the top
right corner and the and the time and
the time is important because when do I
need two ropes damn it when they over
toast sub sure so when that timer hits
two minutes and thirty seconds the ghost
comes and I want that ghost to change
these gems into ghosty gems
okay here comes here comes here comes
the ghost come on ghosty does the ghost
have a name ghost emic g-great I love it
I have on I'm gonna ghost that Jim great
I come down here ghosty and goes to all
these gems look at all those gems II yes
so now we get the ghost all the way over
here so the ghost kills you instantly
but you need her it's again big money
prizes and so you know she's pretty slow
so we can do stuff like that get her get
her out of our way so we can collect
these gems properly and without too much
hassle well not I have rain but they
were concerned they were concerned that
you weren't here shit and I died oh no I
didn't die
great everything's great I'm super
awesome have a nice night mystery person
who's leaving oh that was it that was
all the gems I gotta get out here and I
really should have saved this guy
earlier but I wasn't thinking all right
what the fuck indeed yes
April I love you you know jimmy-jam
comes out when I can't think of real
words to say and I guess lately I've
been thinking of the real words to say
so I just haven't had a need to say
jimmy-jam it okay you know right
no rich that was not nice thank you for
for jimmying that point
I'm not ghosting these gems cuz I have
enough really all I'm hoping for is
enough money to get the jetpack so I'm
not really concerned about ghosting
oh fuck you about ghosting these gems I
just I'd like a little extra money
no jetpack in this level the jetpack is
the ultimate weapon and spelunky suppose
Enya really there was only three gems in
this level so ghosting you know would
have cost me more ropes and just didn't
want to spend them didn't want to spend
them the jetpack is the ultimate that
you owe me to turn your mic on okay
right here take it here
I'm not ghosts yeah but yes the jetpack
is the ultimate thing because then you
don't need ropes and your your you have
unlimited movement and when you do stuff
like ghosts you know you want to be as
mobile as possible and usually that
means like planning out where you're
gonna place your ropes where what
ladders you're gonna use how you're
gonna jump but when you have a jetpack
the world is your oyster you got fucking
jetpack
see that's Oh okay spider level that's
fine
that's fine we can deal with spider
level I'll always look down people right
there if you're on a Ledge like that and
you hold down you can look either up or
down or you can look down and you want
to do that because sometimes there are
these things waiting for you oh well I
meant if you hold up it was the whole
thing here's the whole thing that I
misspoke but that's fine I'm sorry rich
now I'm gonna want to use so every time
you blow up a spider these gems pop out
of them and so this is a level that I
want a ghost cuz I can get all these
jammie-jams kind of will come out of the
way here I want that but that turns my
bombs into sticky bombs hello I got a
helper kind of avianna thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it no I should
listen I know I know don't get me
started on the cloud saves oh yeah yeah
which is still not resolved and I still
have not heard anything from the people
over at Nicole's even though I've
contacted them several times yep
okay we want to get up there oh shit we
gotta get moving
we gotta get moving here we got to get
moving people
the ghost is coming oh hey hey don't
take my fucking gems Jay don't take my
gems buy yeah that's right get out of
here he took my wallet that fuck get out
of here I don't want this lady stealing
my gems get out of here I'm gonna keep
smacking no no oh you fucking bitch you
fucking bitch I hate you fuck fuck oh
jesus H Christ I apologize for my tone
everyone I tried to slap her away she
stole all my fucking gems and so now I
can't ghost any of them ah there's that
that big pile of gems up there she
collected them so you know like I still
get them but I can't ghost them I didn't
want them yet oh yeah can you get that
no you can
there you go now you can get it uh you
got damn things huh I'm just you know
I'm in here not being a jerk I'm trying
to get money cuz that lady's stole all
my money what your karma that was too
close that was way too close damn it
damn it what
what I'm not paying anything to do I
think I need anger management no no it's
fine I was just you know I was starting
a good run there I was just starting a
good run and because rich hasn't
unlocked any of the characters there's a
character to be unlocked I'm not blaming
rich not blaming rich no not buddy no no
not playmaker just stating a fact that
if you have played the game he would
have unlocked that character already and
it wouldn't be fucking up my biz yeah
it's you know like everything in this
game the character unlocks are
randomized and so you just might get a
coffin on a level and that's a character
yeah yeah let me pick up this hunky stud
get the F out of here am i right am i
right chat
you know I am when it comes to hunky
studs I'm always right
your baton don't bat everything's dumb
now that's fine
you know it's fine we're gonna have a
great time
you know why we're not playing call of
duty I love this game
I can I can always be happy playing this
game well that was part of it like I was
so bored I was so bored and then all I
kept thinking about and then you know
like the chat started in saying how they
were bored and so then like I felt bad
as an entertainer where it's like oh I
had this I had this idea and it failed
miserably and so that's just that's what
put me in a funk but then you just think
like that was a huge selling incredibly
popular game last year and you just
start thinking the poor fools that play
it don't they know don't they know oh
there's so much better
you poor fools fly oh my god oh my god
that's true that's true I can be with
you there
all right there's three gems up here so
I'm gonna ghost for anyone wondering I
threw a rope up there to trigger the
arrow trap so it wouldn't hit me we're
gonna go this level doing some recon but
now I don't have too many ropes left so
so now it's all about planning like
where are your ropes go that's good
so this gems way over here so I probably
want to get the ghost to come over on
this side depending on like if you're
closer to the left of the right side
that's what side the ghost comes out on
and so oh fuck that's alright yeah the
ghost will kill the damsel
all right I can get four gyms here and
I'm gonna be okay with that some bombs I
probably want some more no I have enough
bombs in front of bums all right now
let's get ready for the ghost if I had
some stickies I don't for the time so
now basically we've weights and while
we're waiting I can kind of map out my
path so I want to get that gem run over
here and get up here so the ghost can
get all these jimmies oh you know one
fuck it let's let's go for broke here we
are gonna we're inviting a little chaos
into the world I'm gonna go down and try
to get that Idol to because why the fuck
now well Lou
chan is saying that officially the
marble has permission to use spider-man
in movies really I did not see that news
today that's very exciting
yeah link to confirmation please if that
is true that is very exciting and I
wonder what stipulations Sony put along
with that like does it have to be Andrew
Garfield
I think Sony's upset with Andrew
Garfield right now are you yeah that's
right
that's hilarious great
don't go go now we just gotta outrun the
ghost yes oh shit I blew up a gym that's
too bad fuck oh fuck kinda fuck myself
anodite great okay sounds fake like Jax
prays for Arkham Asylum
I like the Arkham Asylum I know what
you're talking about I really did I and
by the way that's all I was talking
about was how much I liked it
Jack would not give token praise to a
triple a game would not have I would not
give token praise to anything but least
of all mainstream something right
because everybody knows we hate
everything
mainstream absolutely 100% 100%
mainstream gave it like I told them
all right I'm here officially oh my god
rich is here he's in front of a
microphone and everything all right so
so if spider-man were officially to be a
part of the movie universe how would you
feel about this III mean and how would
you like to see the pendulum right
that's the better question separate
continuity know that Andrew Garfield
amazing spider-man crap right I'm
assuming they wouldn't be making their
own movies and Sony would still be doing
their garbage like are they just
allowing him to be part of like the
Avengers you show up in civil wars it
would be my guess yeah um you know it
would be cool if much like I'd like to
see them handle him like the Hulk where
he's in the universe he has his own
character thing but we don't need to
worry about origin bullshit I would like
they couldn't I don't think they can
make a full spider-man movie right and
so like they can't there's no reason
doing the origin right well that's what
I'm saying so or is like in The Avengers
you know like Iron Man got his own
movies technically Hulk add his own
movies but that was a different Hulk in
THE AVENGERS right and so like the Hulk
in THE AVENGERS was great he was just
there he had a character arc and he was
awesome I think the second
it is technically button it still sucks
but oh it's boring it's boring I don't
remember anything about that second Hulk
movie yeah - gems to gems rich yeah yes
was he good in anything else Larry Flynt
the people versus people I think was
lawyer Oh was it I think so okay
he was a lawyer in something god damn it
I mean he acted in sin one movie I know
that for sure
does that count I just remember what was
that awful heist movie with Richard Gere
guilty as sin or whatever maybe all I'm
thinking about is the heist movie with
like him Marlon Brando and Robertson
Nero that was an utter utter abomination
no no not the Italian Job Brando
Oh remember do you remember this whoa
let's see with Scully air - oh um I have
- I have ten seconds no no no I don't
know I don't they'll tell us the score
thank you
you said hastin and then I instantly
went to the Italian job by brain yeah I
was like it was a terrible heist movie
with with nothing but good actors it had
Brando it had Robert De Niro
ah and it was just good Arvid HTR that's
what it was called thank you run it into
the ground everybody that was run it
into the ground that's a big gone dude
come here ghosty get down there get that
one get that one
no I'll fuck that's alright I got it I
got it I know this game I know my reach
what it means you tricks this is the
trick this is a stretch cheap trick this
is the mad strategy oh except for I'm
failing comers you're supposed to be
there to give you pressure to leave
level exactly and I have pressure to
leave the level you're firming because
I'm that you're gonna become a firmer
because I'm that good there we go now
you got it
you've become a farmer come on up here
huh I'm realist
I'm keeping the ghosts at bay come down
there no I want to get up there
that'll make it that'll make it easier I
wait kind of wasted her up I mean it's
worth ten thousand that rope is worth
ten thousand please need to get a ghost
out of the way come here come down here
ah here we go
there we go see worried fit this is the
magistratus II so back off topic oh yeah
is it just weird if spider-man is part
of the Marvel Universe is he fit in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe he'd be just
showing up out of nowhere this major
character just poof I'm trying to think
of it another carry out his own movie
and like everybody's gonna have to act
like they know him well he would be he
would be he would be what would be
referred to as street-level okay you
know like he's not he's not a major he's
a street-level hero
sure and it's can't you know it's canon
that there are other heroes in general
right like shield exists I guess if it's
just a cameo
that's probably all about all it would
be anyway it likes to show up in the
background
sure fighting other guys while the
Avengers are doing something important
just like permission to use his image
yeah necessarily make him part of the
movie yeah that would piss me off I
would rather have him not in there at
all I'm guessing Oh that'd be my guess
but I don't even I don't want that
that's that's bullshit I want it I want
a movie I want to be a character I mean
it's hard to get super excited over
something that's only going to end up
being a cameo right
exactly I was excited to be on
spider-man Cinematic Universe spider-man
just sure well who's gonna wave it
he's not even gonna say hi I'm
spider-man swing pass on camera yep well
be like a news footage in the background
during Civil War it'll be like somebody
playing Peter Parker's a guy I'm
spider-man
doo-doo-doo-doo right like other heroes
yeah yeah yep that would that would piss
me right off that's what would happen
nice good grouping is this game fun if
all you do is farm the ghost is there a
better way play the game well I'm trying
to get far so people can see like
what it looks like to get far can you
not get far if you don't form the ghost
oh sure sure all right I'm just doing
this cuz this is this is just how I play
it like that's fun farming the ghost is
a legitimate strategy you don't have to
farm the ghost but I do
oh shit what oh I'm out of ropes and
there's no oh I fucked up
I fucked up bridge so badly I mean I can
still get the jet back if I find a shot
with a jet pack but all of those gems
like um ghosted that's a couple thousand
worth of gems right there and I can't
get him I can't reach him I was not
paying attention to my no but he sells
but oh you know what I can do I get one
yeah hey we'll be yeah I'm gonna wait
for the ghosts after all that oh my god
I'm so dumb I just think about getting
out of it it's the magistrate's Richard
Jack learn how to rob shop no I've never
learned how to rob the shopkeepers if
you're good you can rob the shopkeepers
but then every levels the shopkeeper
goes after you so fuck that that's never
worth it to me what do you mean oh yeah
oh great work jack
super great do you wanna go to track I
kinda want to play necrodancer okay what
are you waiting at your Philips flunky
I'm gonna get my fella when I play
spelunky you know it's gonna be from
fresh assault later sure you're right
you're right
I mean the only thing yeah I did the
tutorial and you should do the tutorial
and I'm just unlocking characters you
know yeah
okay so I need to relock all those
characters so I can explore it exactly
you're right no you're right you're
right
all right off we go so I bought the game
until I got distracted by other things
you were distracted by other games
if you didn't start playing Arkham
Asylum I was thinking this is something
like lucky but thinking about doing I
had some point a parking asylum no deaf
writer on stream who you can do that I
could probably Pub damn closely I've
never actually done it
sure every single time I have a mission
fail in the third scarecrow section okay
which I should have said because none
you know that there are three of those
well I assumed there was more than one
that's I'll tell you that I assume
listen that that was no one off I I can
figure that much out the question is see
those sections were popular Jack
question is what are they deal with the
second game because this guy does not
show up oh I can't think of another
enemy that would have similar powers but
I'm sure I mean I'm sure they do
something it became like a thing they
had to try and replicate it was pretty
pretty popular oh I would believe it
that was a really fun section again
well fuck wasn't paying attention
that's our head damn Zola took the hit
form here yeah you can turn that monitor
if you want to read the chat I'm playing
you were about to
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo the crow good
movie or bad fish it's a good movie when
you're 15 1 Meredith oh that seems a
little bit immature we have a what the
fuck Rachel that is the correct answer
by the way just a couple of songwriters
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true what we do I
wonder if those are the same couple of
songwriters who did the rich Evans
concept album there's a concept album
there's a link to it on the message
board ok the miscellaneous red letter
media section there's a rich evidence
appreciation thread in that thread
somebody put a link to their their their
concept album inspired by rich Evans
that's very funny
and it's flattering oh that's good
better flattering then not
it's it's a bit it's a bit summer to be
a reflection of me I think I think you
need a bit more of a they might be
giants vibe capture the true full
essence of rich Evans but you know
somebody thinks of me I guess this is
what they think of sure do you think
they wonder they wonder what kind of
weird tragedies can turn a man into a
rich Evans do you think your album would
be electronic They Might Be Giants or
our full band they might be giants ooh
electronic electronic flood is kind of
like transitional yeah yep
floods great but you know like they
started out as just the two John's and a
drum machine and like that was part of
their shtick was like everything was
pre-programmed and their can I have to
play along to a click running away from
the ghosts running away from the ghooost
and then they then they got a band the
band of in cuz all their bandmates were
called dancer anyway I really like they
might be giants yeah I don't know if
I've ever mentioned it but flood was the
very first CD that I bought it was the
very first full album that I'm on I
don't know if I could say I like They
Might Be Giants as much as I can say I
had really liked flood would probably be
a more honest answer from me okay I
think I've heard some later stuff
they've done I've been like yeah oh
really yeah you're not just a fan of
them in general know what's playing
I played spelunky J can you give me a
one two three one two three thank you
I'm playing spelunky it's a great game
yes that's another question I didn't
take it as it has a a cartoonish art
style oh shit it looks like a like a
like a kid's Kirk yeah
which would be great if it was horribly
violent not even filled with swearing it
does have a lot of blood and satanic
imagery but kids could probably play
this game and be okay in general not
fall for you know his Dark Lord yeah
it's probably way too difficult for them
but I say that like we had difficult
games growing up so who knows really I
hear a damsel every game was difficult
for me we were trained we all we had
were difficult games that's true no can
you get trapped sometimes pretty much no
mama no you know what I don't think you
can get trapped oh there she is
oh my god oh my god
would I let my kids play this game yeah
they've even watched me play this game
they really like it they like it when I
rescue the the lady and she gave me a
kiss they think it's funny if you rescue
the lady damsel she gives you a kiss and
that gives you an extra hit point Oh
and so they always if they see the lady
or the dog cuz you can change a lady
into a dog do you kiss the dog the dog
gives you a lick and you can also rescue
a man and he gives you a kiss too oh
really yeah Wow do you know you can
choose but yeah you know what if you're
a lady spelunky err and you want a man
to kiss you or a man spelunker yeah damn
it I wanted to sacrifice her
no I need a hit by cuz I only have one
heart left yeah that's sexy there
there's the set of fish altar so I can
take the damsel instead of rescuing here
I can sacrifice your own item yeah you'd
kill this woman for an item absolutely
that might be garbage 100 percent wrong
with you many things what is wrong with
you
mostly I'm good at this game so I know
what it takes to win rich I know what it
takes and I do what it takes the cost of
your soul yes who needs a soul when you
have treasure mad treasure yo rich
you're adorable music and then halfway
the song there's an unnecessary rap
section just because just because hey
what the fuck indeed like that Taylor
Swift song do you like that song until
she starts rapping yeah as Mike thank
you for subscribing what was the one
from mom yeah I think there's a there's
a ramp preppy section in the middle oh
that's a that's Lonely Island I don't
care who it is
yeah I mean they don't credit themselves
as Lonely Island because they don't want
kids listening to other stones using my
pants like yeah but I'm saying the
rappers someone pointed me towards a
Lonely Island
I didn't know existed I guess it was on
this Annelle where John Waters makes a
cameo really I think this is the
weirdest thing yeah oh yeah the creep
the creep yeah yeah yes fuck I'm like
they model their entire look as these
creeper characters on Chuck yes that
thing oh no I used my fucking rope ah
god damn it if you get that thing you
get the I of you jet and you need that
to find the secret shop and fuck
whatever no that's why I killed myself
Oh, this game has spikes in it.
Said Jay, unironically.
Are we done with that?
I thought we were past it. I know I did I
was is that your equivalent of the
Ishtar trailer yes yes yes
you started I know and I intentionally
tried to run it into the ground
but apparently don't understand how many
losers I thought you do something over
and over and over and people get sick of
it but apparently less well the games
so in this mean culture that we live in
oh that's not just mean culture that's
everything the more you do it the more
they like it sequels J everything's a
sequel everything's a remake somebody
sent us ishtar director's cut on blu-ray
this week of what so so now do we have
to watch it actually I don't know watch
it cuz it's what we have oh no we do
someone send a VHS copy to so we could
watch it on VHS nobody expects us to
make like a video about it or something
cuz I'm sure it's just boring crappy
movie or we could watch it on the
next-best of the world
whoa they're not do you know thing I
mean everybody's dying
or maybe I'm just lying about hi
now you're talking rich Evans you're a
genius
oh I ate doughnuts you're asking about
the film starry eyes I wholeheartedly
recommend it that's in like my top
movies of last year starry eyes sorry
eyes it's a it's a really small budget
horror film okay
about a young aspiring actress in
Hollywood that will do anything to
become famous like looting murder
including not well exhorting it's
essentially the Saints are sold to Satan
oh really and it's it's really wonderful
it's such a delete actress like her
performance is just fearless and it he
goes to some really dark places it's
been starry-eyed sorry eyes yes starry
eyes not starry I know when it comes out
thing like March maybe
yeah the lead actress that's the point I
think I don't work I've done my belt but
she's so good
I will show you and what the fuck C
carpet is in that's that's good thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it it's true we do every time I'm both
sincere and surprised how many
subscribers do you have III dad and
refresh it's been a while okay I'll show
you what that I know those now spider
okay so the idol is worth I want to say
five thousand dollars so big money but
when you grab it I'm older comes down in
DJ style yes and it can be good like it
it uh it breaks a lot of stuff it gives
you access to areas that you didn't have
access to but if it runs into a
shopkeeper the shopkeeper thinks that
you tried to kill him and tries to
murder you so you have to be very
careful about bringing like the giant
ball of doom multiple people are asking
about Twin Peaks is that part of the
bingo thing yes okay then I'm not going
to good good we do we have to actively
try to avoid things that are on the
bingo chart now do you feeling generous
I was gonna say yeah the other day of
rich just gave gave him everything oh
you know what I will say took on a Dave
Lynch this week he tweeted a picture of
Kyle MacLachlan and the full suit
holding a cup of coffee ready to go
glorious Twin Peaks discussion Jay was
feeling generous well Anna is just
genuinely excited I wanna talk about it
anyway
so they don't realize it but the bingo
is gonna ruin this street for the bingo
no it's fine
everything's fine everything's fine all
the time unless that's a bingo thing
take a rock what happens if they win
bingo
ah they yell shocked ma okay instead of
yelling bingo I think that's funny I
think there might be a drinking game
variant oh I would hope not you guys are
dead yeah that's the problem with Legos
so many of the things are too likely to
happen now you know you need some
options that are less likely to happen
just making it a challenge to actually
get a finger yeah like we start the
stream way often yeah oh my god jet pack
in a box oh fuck yeah fuck yeah rich
look look I got a jet pack look at this
uncle fucking around a jet pack you
actually did that
oh fuck Jie that seems like the
equivalent of me willingly watching an
Adam Sandler comedy at this point yeah
sure like why bother you saw the Turtles
movie sure but I mean you mean the new
Ninja Turtles yeah not gonna you know
that's something different at least I
mean it's Ninja Turtles but it's not
like Adam Sandler movies Lee I know what
it's gonna be - hi so it's worthless
but that means turtle movie that's the
start of a new franchise who knows sure
I don't know it's nowhere like it it had
been so long like I imagine going to see
an Adam Sandler movie like four years
from now and you're just like you're you
know exactly what it's gonna be but what
if what if something's changed yeah okay
you know that was the thing it had been
years since I played a Call of Duty game
they are some of the most popular games
ever to exist I know and I wanted to see
and I got a good deal on a game and and
I made a huge mistake well you never
know until you try hey this is what I'm
saying
huh I'm looking around I'm looking
around hitting things because I'm being
careful I have a jet pack which means
that this is gonna be a good run except
it's making you very timid yes I said
good run not necessarily entertaining
run
Oh No you know what fuck you guy in a
casket
fuck you yeah that's all he's gonna do
this time I steal my fucking gems again
that's fine I'm give a fuck about
everything your caution is not served
well I don't give a fuck about anything
we play free easy mistreating this even
though i fairly played this game at all
perfect great advice oh if someone's
mentioning have either of you heard of
this the podcast the worst idea of all
time no it's it's these two guys I
haven't listened to it that's what
they're asking but it's these two guys
I've decided to watch grown ups 2 once a
week and do a podcast every week where
they talk about it oh my god how long
they've been doing it but I don't know
and well I could imagine it reaching a
point of just insanity they like are
just dissecting individual moments of
that movie I don't know I'd be curious
to listen to that's either a great bad
idea or it might end up being boring
right I don't know I have not listened
to it I think that's a great idea I
think it's really funny it's funny in
concept yes I don't know well I guess
that's the other part of it it's funny
to someone who has never heard the
podcast
this guy's totally yes yeah
I do like that animation it's nice
because he's looking up that makes you
look up there lookout goes yeah I want
the ghost the ghost kills you in one
touch your butt turns those gems into
magic gems he's doing a thing that seems
kind of exploitive to me what do you
mean exploitive this is the game I'm
doing the game the ghost is balanced it
can kill you in one touch but you have
the chance to profit amazingly from it
the little ones don't get transformed
money Wow by the way you're absolutely
right all right
I feel good to make it to the very end
to get the super treasure okay pretty
straightforward yeah you what you've
been seeing by the way is me playing the
exact same level over and over again
because I die a lot but it's roguelike
so every level is randomized okay so
every level is different fucking dark
level fuck fuck fucking fuck oh oh no
it's good there's a whorehouse what
instead of buying things I can buy
kisses say it gives me kisses
and that gives me a heart so that's
great well you know they're the whores
are randomized there we go smarter be
smarter all that goes wrong yeah so you
gonna have enough money to make up for
the heart you lost during the first
second of this next level no I mean you
know pretty much okay if I wouldn't have
had that money I'd I mean I'd only have
one heart is me living and doing very
well yeah not as well as I could have
been yeah that's true but you know I'm
still alive and this is the makings of a
good run no all randomized huh yeah I
want to hold on to my money though oh
fuck you right
whoa yeah dark levels are pain in the
ass but each circle starts with this
torch now fucking I'm getting out of
here so the big thing the big important
thing is getting that that I from the
treasure chests so I can get the secret
black market so I can buy the hunk so I
can die in a specific level so I can
beat so I can go to the level of gold so
I can get a thing so I can beat the head
of Olmec in a certain way so I can go to
hell and beat the game in the real
fashion oh my god
or I can just be I if you just be the
head of all my friend you just beep
again it's complicate this sounds as
episodic and convoluted as inherent vice
what that's all I'll say about here was
that was that a one sentence review
that's refrain from talking about in
here advice at the moment because sure
positive or negative reviews will say
that that movie is stuffy star top-30
I've never heard anything described as
stop Eastern II before
something's constantly stopped wouldn't
start well I guess by the way I
understand I've just never heard that
particular definition can I sell the
ropes no and I cannot no you can't sell
anything
well no it's it's fine it's fine if I
didn't have the gloves like well I also
have the climbing gloves which which
mean that I can stick to any service if
I didn't have them then the ropes would
still be a little helpful
but I mean yeah they're useless to me
now that's okay
kill the caveman well he just he can
fuck me up you feel me
my dish is does that damn so we go get
it good now that's not really no British
I think it was supposed to be British
I'm working on it I'm really pretty
Austrian crikey when are we going to the
loo my darling skip to it they don't
like it when I grab a no that could be
my god there's a tunnel there's a tunnel
man basically he makes it so that you
could start the game from level 2
instead of having to make your way
through the mines which is not something
you usually want to do but if you just
like just say like you just want to
practice in the jungle I could give him
bombs but fuck that now yeah give me
that kiss give it a kiss sweetheart what
rich just got Aerosmith
you've been Aerosmith buying Evans
before haha didn't think so that's life
do the same shit over and over again we
could do a worm level did you see a worm
level what's what's more important do
you think beating the game are doing a
worm level if I do the worm level I'm
probably gonna die if I die though you
can play necrodancer nothing is just a
weird level I could you if I go to the
end of a worm level I could get a knife
that kills everything okay so here's how
you do a worm level you have to throw
the damsel in the worm in the worm bunt
here and then the worm comes and eats it
and eats you
yeah he's still gonna kiss inside now
we're inside a worm and if I can get to
the bottom of the worm level I get a
special knife that kills everything yes
you have to sacrifice the damsel into
the worm in order to get there okay
being inside the worm this yeah oh my
god yeah fucking monkey yeah fucking
monkey fucking monkey fucking monkey get
up
what's the goal here just find the exit
I am pretty blue there it is
yes read the knife go we're done we're
the knife go no I think I got it did I
get it well I got a worm level yeah
the fact that it's innards like quiver
when you're walking on them is
completely disgusting isn't it and if
you walk on them for long enough it
shoots out a little like wormy things
edges against a nightmare mm-hmm isn't
it gross I kind of love it I kind of
love it
what time we got jail what time is it
813 oh great yeah then I think I played
this for an hour and I feel good I feel
happy yeah that's good so now rich would
like to play some necrodancer Oh which
is good which is good I did forget now
today you're right I'm sorry I forgot
not to die but I'm good fuck cuz I had a
great time playing a game that I like
cuz it's a good game so bummed

[Part II]
oh my god my my dogs all fell off my
jingle there we go your dingle-dangle
ready go Bongo
okay now you knock your Neely on the
thing I got an idea off of my thing they
told me I needed more training so check
well I told they're watching this great
me too I don't know how you're not
watching it you're living in stranger
still happen I see someone just saying
left hand notes down
closest eating is the drum my blood is
running cold I'm not sure it's gonna be
super good came here with a question
like
haze anyone s not sir
music necromancerr I'm a fan of their
it's actually grown on me since the
review yeah yeah I started playing
hardcore mode and I love hardcore mode
what no too loud sorry don't try the
daily challenge we can't hear it him
thing it's too loud
oh sorry guys rich took over the
computer ok how is that Chet we're gonna
so I'm gonna have to turn down in-game I
think so
also like it I can hear through your
headphones this was very long that I can
hear which might be going yeah you might
be going deaf I usually don't listen to
this and headphones usually have my
speakers on and there's a knob yeah on
the speakers
so whatever it's said - I have no idea
okay
we're options yeah
all right I'm gonna continue this and
you can guys tell me if we're good to go
turn it up a little bit yes for crying
out loud just a little like a hair just
like a hair dr. J it's too late to say
it's fine now we're already fucking with
I didn't touch yet if it's fine now it's
fine okay we haven't touched it in a
while how do we feel about this I'm
waiting for a mod to tell me by the way
it sounds a little bit important yeah
let this game I mean it very important
like now they can barely hear again so
now turn it up and over
I know ya gotta get it just right I get
it just right and we did our sound check
with my school now now are we good to go
I'm sorry master twig I stopped playing
funky is necrodancer that sound good
okay I hear it sound good from ball all
right
and that guy's radical radical here we
go all right so jump right into the
daily challenge the daily challenge is
there every every day there's one one
level it's the same for everybody who
plays it right you only get one chance
to play it right and you get ranked
compared to everybody else
fucking we're going right into it so
rich are you like physically incapable
of moving out of beat with the music
yes okay actually there's some special
items that let you do it
but those it's when you get those items
it usually just throws you off and I
avoid it and so then if you try to move
but you don't
right there's nothing too exciting in
the shop but money is always moving what
I'm gonna focus on gaming yes Jack it
would take chance we're taking a chance
we're not words a month
I'm in the groove now I can't stop no
that's not that's not gonna happen can't
stop won't stop can't stop for the beat
just like taste away
welcome to the Taylor Swift twitch
stream boys the lyrics and that shake it
off song can't stop groovin I think
that's okay it's like I'm moving it's
like there's music it's like there's me
in my mind saying it's gonna be alright
and the haters gonna hate hate hate but
definitely stout though
oh this isn't spunky you're right I need
something to stream thank you did you
say spunky and necrodancer yeah but but
right now it says we're still playing
boy oh boy
is there a Taylor Swift video game oh my
god is there a Taylor Swift video game
chat some piece of shit fan made thing
that exists in the dark corners of the
internet somewhere either find it or
make it I want to play to shake it off
a clockwork Stalin says hey J where is
my shirt you hack did you order one
that's the good the first question if
you did and you haven't received one
send an email to contact it red letter
media or go fuck yourself you could do
that in addition to sending any of it
nah not everybody gets what they want
one even if they pay for it it's paid
for it
don't you know lessons of life no but
yeah if you if you ordered one and it
hasn't arrived send us an email
preferably with I'm not doing good maybe
I should have warmed up I used a figure
soon
oh and for I see there's someone asking
if I really like Taylor Swift or if I'm
being ironic about my face it's okay
Jack white is Taylor Swift I
legitimately enjoy shake it off as a
song I hate the lyrics they're
completely stupid it's catchy song yeah
lyrics are insanely dumb yeah ionically
super enjoy a girl led pub music hey
sway Katy Perry Ke$ha on ironically love
cash it a talk about dumb lyrics Ke$ha
is the worst she be worse I think he
just means worst I do mean worst I
really all right things are looking good
because I like you know that kind of
dumb sleazy I also there can't be good
at romantic comedy don't watch this I
don't really watch the good ones either
but I've seen but when hearing this
alley is just a good movie yeah brush my
teeth with Jack that's the same time
where she says like she won't dance with
dudes unless they look like mick jagger
which doesn't make any sense cuz Mick
Jagger looks like a court yes she just
needed something that run a swagger a
subscriber and I can't see who it is I
see it as Jack love's call of duty thank
you for subscribing now listen if you
want to spend that money on a joke
oh my god why Lord what happened
oh I fought a nice dragon and some
monkeys and a whole bunch of things and
it went very well for me congratulations
Anders that was pretty sick you're
watching yes gonna be getting down to
this sick beat also that's a that's a
little a line that Caitlin Swift wrote
and put the song
can we talk about like how weird that
rap section is oh god it's embarrassing
she does write her own song right I know
she used to because every song was just
about of ways I mean to it a bit I don't
know if she still does or just too big
for that
that song is this the worst things and
the music is incredibly catchy yes if
that was the person Oh helmet or shovel
helmet I think sometimes get you into
trouble how it gets into trouble and if
you come across the defense helmet
you're gonna ditch it right away yeah
oh I don't want those people so I gotta
better Bruce okay Jay can I please ask
you for a movie suggestion I've watched
zapped things and blood check I guess
I'm here looking for bad movie
suggestions
what check wow there's wrote or mmm if
you have the Z notes or if that's what
you're asking for is like good bad
movies wrote or Miami connection well
let's assume the stuff you know cuz that
things in blood
no that was unhappy things was unhappy
we did yeah but that is definitely one
if you have ever terror in Beverly Hills
yeah all right
if you if you've not seen the
basket-case films I would recommend
those I like those a lot
my rank is 85th 80 it must be a recent
daily channel what's just one up the
this might be like it might have been
livin up to like an hour so you know all
those the challenge yeah it might have
just recently refreshes why I'm still
relatively high well I don't know what
kinda numbers are usually good well 85
seems too high was what I'm saying I
should be lower than 85 oh I get like
rain that's the rank for everybody Bryan
oh yeah two hours 22 hours till the next
one B one B what B is the best thing I
have I have the contact information for
the director now I'm scared I'm scared
to email
what if he does give you permission to
make a movie that I'm making love me oh
look at this planet for next winter we
had a film acknowledging
so are you planning on Nate trying to
that's the same thing as far as I'm
concerned I think I want to make cuz I
can they can picture it order this make
like this completely surreal movie about
a family getting together for Christmas
and then being attacked by a samurai
ghost I can pick and then knocks I'm
like not make it funny like I would take
it seriously thank you for playing space
cop can you me that what I'm when I'm
not a gameplay sorry it's all on me
that's all on me pennies of thanks god
damn it and I'm necromancing Meg thank
you for playing space cop thank you for
playing space cop is their name yeah
that makes no sense at all someday will
yeah when we actually really spaced out
like this
game
yes and when J remakes plug P which
Evans will play the DOS the same no no I
I remake blood beat none of the red
letter media regulars will be in it
that's probably will this be an entirely
separate J project then probably yeah
because I think I'm the only one that
would care okay actually I want to shoot
it at where we shot on doctor the dead
stuff that farm yeah that's like the
perfect location that is the perfect
okay everything's coming up millhouse I
just have to work up the nerve to email
the director okay we will discuss this
any plans for a space video you never
know here's what I can tell you we don't
think
how many more years until space cop gets
released tomorrow
it's getting released oh my god you
weren't coming hello it's go oh I wasn't
do the export won't be ready in time
we're just uploading it to YouTube yeah
but it said it's gonna take 30 hours to
export Oh No
so not tomorrow but the day after
tomorrow it'll be up yeah you know we
have made some significant milestones on
space cob lately oh yeah yeah this is
space cop week nothing but space cop
we're working on this week oh my god
possession possession is the best thing
that's the best movie ever
what is it it's from 1981 it's I've
heard about it for years now but I've
never I just finally saw it the other
day and they flipped out on on Twitter
about it because it's the most it's the
best movie ever made
okay it's one of my favorite movies no
but I've only watched it once but I want
to watch it again
all right it's for 1981 star Sam Neill
of losing Jurassic Park which I please
the lead guy in it what's his name in
Jurassic Park
Alan great Alan Grant yeah it's it's him
and Isabelle Adjani
who people might know from his chart are
more specifically from the Ishtar
trailer yes but it takes place right
around here over the wall but literally
they look in one of the main locations
for the movies they're out on the
balcony
but it's just about this integration of
this marriage I like to the point where
this is this couple with Samuel
invisible Oh Johnny he wears it every
commerce attempt they have to have a
conversation just devolves into them
screaming at each other okay like like
just violently screaming in a way that
would only happen with someone that you
once loved it's so great
like the first scene of the movie is
them mid argument like he's uh he works
for the government is like you know the
height of the Cold War and he's just
coming coming from wherever he's been
he's been away for a while and his cab
pulls off Isabella Johnny's outside and
he gets out of the cab he walks up to
her and they continue to have an
argument that they must have started
before the movie happened like over the
phone so it starts with that and some
screaming at each other and they have a
son and it gets a real that she has seen
somebody else
it's just scene after scene of them
screaming at each other trying to
reconcile screaming some more and as it
goes along
you start to like it gets more and more
like violent not physically violent
they're just like they're so little to
each other and then after a while it
starts to kind of feel like maybe
there's something more going on with
these people maybe there's something
yeah and the ribs I don't get too much
away there's the seam I guess this is
kind of the most famous scene in the
movie isabelle adjani should win every
award ever for acting in this movie okay
she should win the Academy Award this
year for Best Actress for a movie she
made in 1981 and win it every year
there's a scene where she's in a subway
tunnel and she's trying to basically
exercise all this this evil and this
frustration and hatred he has for her
husband and she's flailing around the
subway and just like screaming and like
like contorting your body and just
flipping out and getting too much into
it she basically creates this physical
entity that started as her trying to
exorcise all of this this is bad mojo
they share on the ground I'm like Puss
starts coming out of her ears and like
blood starts coming out from between her
legs and all this puss and stuff forms a
new life and then it gets darker and
weirder from there it is the best movie
it's the best thing ever
and it's so beautifully shot like if the
whole movie seems to be wide-angle
lenses that's a really wide shot
and it's just like constantly sweeping
around everybody is it isn't gorgeous
it's so great
I'm obsessed with it now I see some
there's blu-ray got as a commentary it's
all it's so fucking good
yeah it's hard to track down like it's
out of printers of DVD release years ago
that's out of brown we were inside a
friend I found out there's a company
called mondo vision which I never heard
of that they may be limited well there's
mondo t's poster prints I don't think
that's where ladies and mondo vision
could be right they may be a neighbor
I'm not familiar with him but maybe
they've released over stuff but the
blu-ray possession is great it's always
like out of stock on Amazon because it
was like a limited run but I must have
been there at the right time got a copy
did you did you think about this only
because no no I didn't even make the
connection till someone because I was
posting on Toyota that is gonna watch it
somebody else mention is like oh yeah
she's in this stuff it's completely a
million but yeah her I was talking about
the girl from starry eyes earlier the
same thing which is the performance is
just fearless
that's well someone posted a link to
like an interview she was saying that
some abuse or whoever were the producer
was that related yeah because like she
was known for being
some producer had a beautiful
wait the movie was intentionally
obtained that's what the rumors really
is that a producer was having a beef
with Warren Beatty so yeah Angelia did
not do a good job advertisement okay it
all comes back to history
there's kind of three currently but when
it's done there will be four jerk people
are saying to turn down the beam Audio
we could just talk hopefully could hear
me talk about possession the best movie
ever
checking now
Apple are up in here
is it better than psycho - that's a
random move a really funny
somebody just might be looking for a
segue it's an awkward clumsy segue they
want to hear about psycho - psycho - is
pretty good I like psycho do I like
psycho 3 as well
there we go it's the audio fixed I mean
you can hear us we're we're a little
lower Jay and I are a little farther
away from our microphones that rich was
britches I can fix setting it so we can
just move closer to our microphones I
also turned us up a little bit because I
have no power to do so that's amazing oh
my god I had to I had to use this for
for the shoot I did last weekend yeah
for some quick audio stuff and just like
having bad yeah yeah we might have to
get one of those aged six zoom h6 highly
recommended audio is good now thank you
John wonderful get out here
Jay sweet voice is so loud welcome I
don't care
Oh what oh they're all hearing me
screamin of the mic now fun mean hurting
other people's ears to you absolutely
oh I'll get him on that case my idea of
fun is annoying people and it's out it
seems to always be changing depending on
the game year plan are you secretly the
most hateful person I'm not hateful just
scream that are honest I did that for my
own amusement it wasn't out of hatred
Hank Lee that's evil one ain't wanting
to bug people isn't the same as being
evil it can be either I don't do it to
be evil difference between evil and more
ribbing yes evil and mirth are different
things is mirth the right word it might
be martha's light causing trouble oh
okay right no birth is like laughter fun
birth sudden like merriment and maybe
I'm thinking of a different word you
know what I wouldn't be completely wrong
I'm a there may be a different word I'm
trying to think of and I'm mistaking it
for mirth at the moment is amusement
especially as expressed in laughter okay
so I'm doing it for my view I am right
and you are wrong
well I'm definitely doing it for mirth
on my in member because it amuses me
annoy people happy ok well I might be
thinking about every word and I don't
know what word I'm I'm thinking of oh
well whatever
anyway Isabelle Adjani in possession
yeah
so fucking good you you know what I was
on the fence because I just thought it
might be like a drama and no it's about
I mean it's not really a horror movie
the horror elements are more
metaphorical but it is like the best
kind that like I love for movies were
they're more character dramas that have
horror elements to them like you know
something like The Exorcist and that's
definitely this plus it's got an awesome
creature in it oh it's so good yeah yeah
you start like being invested in these
characters and then the horror works its
way in right right a good recent movie
that's a positive example that is the
babadook from Australia I don't have you
heard of that one no no it's a dumb time
I'm not dumb it's a weird title but
that's the name of the creature in the
movie but that's it's very much it's the
relationship between this woman and her
her small child it's the most annoying
child I've ever seen in a movie and I
mean that in a good way because it feels
like a real child it's not a movie child
okay so the babadook it's Australian
I think it's Australian I know it well
it's like it's like the character the
the creature of the babadook is like a
like a children's storybook character so
that's why it's called that like the
book like the boogeyman
when you say the boogeyman it sounds
silly it could be a cultural thing
we hope people heard of that you go over
things great yeah it's it was a bigger
independent horror movie from this last
year oh I'm a fucking dragon yes this
game is is the taste like actually your
character kind of looks like this way of
it
not long enough legs taste away has the
longest fucking legs they go up to her
chin
Gobbo goof right that's exactly what
like Buffett is gavabutu paul blart mall
blah to say gibberish no my Canada that
we did a second take cuz I just sent
that off the cuff Mike started laughing
we did a second take but Mikey's the
first one where you can hear him like
yeah yeah we were laughing a lot we just
that was the point where we just started
making up movie is that ravine remade
really yeah no we're great screen we're
just on the cycle huh interesting
after you watch it I think we talked
about doing a whole episode where were
green screens onto the set just to see
if anyone would comment on it we've
never done it though
I agree the fuck use in our video was
funny yeah I watch that on YouTube oh
fuck you January video and I had to
explain to her she's not a movie person
okay so I had to explain to her what fun
huge the January's the dumping ground
yep
and she's like okay I was like that's
the appropriate response absolutely I
did learn though I saw some people
commenting that apparently in other
countries January is actually the year
or the month that other countries get a
lot of the big like American Oscar bait
movies like the movies that come out in
like November December they don't get
them till January
so the fuck you January doesn't
translate to other countries apparently
yeah I thought that was interesting
so they because in order to be in order
to be eligible for an Oscar you only
have to be in certain theaters for us
it's a it's a u.s. thing yeah oh no but
there are restrictions like if you're
busy
oh okay sure you have to be released in
like only one theater for a week how is
that all it takes that's all things I
don't really pay much attention it's a
very strange rule and it's okay very
specific huh and so perhaps they don't
release it worldwide so they don't need
to pay for the publicity yet but
anything if they win an Oscar that's
free publicity well the Oscars don't
happen till well after January though
that's just the cut out there they're
just that was the Golden Globes it just
happened it doesn't matter who cares he
were tweeting at us like what do you
think about boy and winning the Golden
Globes is like I don't care it doesn't
make any difference to be what wins what
award unless it's Isabelle Adjani won't
even Best Actress
that means it's officially the best
movie ever made yeah it is the best
movie ever made
okay please keep playing this I hope
that's the same person that subscribe
last time has stopped playing that would
be great trying to them sarcastic that
wasn't that was if they're not directly
making fun of us oh I can see you know
you don't know if they paid five dollars
just to be sarcastic stop playing this
game last night
sure they would that wasn't sarcastic oh
I think they genuinely wanted you to
stop playing all right like and you know
there are the people who are just like
you know jack is a doofus
thank you for sitting that's generally
genuinely making fun of us and said like
I'm okay with I would be okay spending
five dollars okay so that makes sense
here the sarcasm would be hard to heart
that's a reward oh we had a fella -
Jessa mater thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it it doesn't
sound all the time you alert
why is that I thought I heard mine I
don't know is the real answer
just turn this on are their mechanics
related to the music oh yes there are so
what happens in this game is if you
should right now there's a disco dance
boy
so if rich moves and attacks in meat to
the music you see that little heart
pumping on the bottom the disco dance
floor keeps going on and it adds to his
coin multiplier every time it kills an
enemy it's a coin so here is the
sensitive to keep in the rhythm so we
can get more money and then you can use
that money in the shops to buy that
weapons buy health upgrades plus you can
only move in feet like keeping up
everything is just a for each other
but oh yeah so the the rhythm attack
mechanic is kind of fun fundamentals of
the game also thanks for coming it's
great it's a great game we love it
yeah rich knows he can bomb the shop
wall he's just exploring settle down oh
they certainly need anything they have
in that shop no yeah also he doesn't
needs about the show hold on to my arms
for a rainy day
yeah I don't need the oh you had a trend
you get a transmogrifies now and
whatever they call that those are handy
yeah yeah
did I say music I like music the moves
our house listen to the music is so good
guys we have a subscriber do we have a
subscriber whiskey Ranger thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
also I am will be doing the rest of the
stream and that's twice what sorry
already got the blood whip yeah you like
that blood way yeah your fan of the whip
I don't like the whip I don't understand
it's got reach
so this is our favorite part of the game
is how the shopkeeper sings along with
the songs it's adorable
solid baked I know that's part of the
bingo so I'm not going to answer that
there's a counter if I answer it I
didn't see what it was okay oh is this
looking at the question I didn't know if
it was specifically you had to oh yeah
oh I see that's okay
Wisconsin's okay yeah actually I know
Milwaukee's okay I'm not even gonna say
the rest of the state because there's
nothing there the rest of the state's
fine if you like pastures and and dirt
roads Oh Mabel Mabel says I have now
unsubbed
I suggest you listen to your subscribers
when they ask you to slow the chatter
said it's a sub zone it helps oh well
when our lesson has been suitably
learned
I'm sorry Mabel me like you know what
probably because it wasn't in subscribe
I apologize if you feel like you have to
subscribe though that's that's your
choice what was the problem because it's
not in sub only mode I I'm not seeing
everybody's comment oh oh you don't see
everyone's comments regardless we're
chatting here we're playing the game
we'll keep an eye on the kid yeah you
know what you owe me a dog it's here yes
you choice do it to do buddy
Oh
transmogrified oh yeah what one five
defense sixty bucks
that's beautiful I am too nice from the
internet it's true I'm just a reason is
there an option to put the chat in fast
mode can we do that kicked out unless
you type something oh yeah I've seen a
couple of people ask about whiplash I
have not seen whiplash it's a movie
about drumming JK Simmons is supposed to
be really great in it I haven't seen it
yet he's like a really intense teacher
yeah yeah I haven't seen it I'd like
make a Simmons he's good
saved saved by the cheese
since becoming a big issue now about the
speed of the chat you know why you can't
please everybody but in slow mode people
will be upset you keep it in normal mode
some other people will be upset you just
got to go with your heart
go with your heart yeah we we trust our
moderators if they feel like be cool
about fire safety also be cool did you
guys see so don't be a dick rule go with
your heart
what does your heart tell you I'm
quoting a movie and I don't even know
what movie I'm quoting that sounds it's
somebody that has like British accent I
think what does your heart tell what am
i what is that it's Hugh Grant no it's a
lady shit the white boys under the sea
but no it's really bad I'm sure this
shit what movies I can I can picture
don't you hate that like I can see it in
my brain it's not too tannic
I don't know what you're talking about
Kate Beckinsale Cate Blanchett in Lord
of the Rings maybe I don't know it's
paul blart mall blog that was one of the
funniest fucking things i've ever heard
oh fuck Phantom Menace there right
that's me
that's Anakin's mom he Phantom Menace I
just coated a line from Star Wars
Episode one The Phantom Menace Jesus and
I couldn't remember what it was it's
like poetry it's just in my brain it's
just back there somewhere waiting to
come out at times like this holy cow
that's nuts I'm sure it isn't a bunch of
movies but specifically I was
envisioning Star Wars Episode one The
Phantom Menace user2
why is there a coaster on top of another
coaster that's a good question this is
unacceptable that's all right
Jiri like what you're just trying to get
weirder with everyone for the record I
just spilled my drink on the keyboard
because there was a coaster sitting on
top of another coaster precariously
hopefully it might still be okay it's
probably get sticky yeah
sorry calm I made winged boots yeah over
the extra damage boost that drop
whatever older coaster
was it a roller coaster wow I get um
that's okay I don't know what Jess
inator says Jack I'm serious
I want to give you a cinema display I
don't need it
what do you mean insisted on this play
well I don't think stuff what do you
want I'll take stuff is it a projector
decimator send me a message dog do
what's in your heart what does your
heart tell you I wish I could imitate
screen I would be saying that all the
time if I could do her accent perfectly
her name is Smee Smee Smee she be no
Jimmy accent was different
no that's me that's true I'll think
stuff that's my to take stuff that's my
that's my general rule in life is I'll
take stuff
since jack doesn't know it well you just
say cinema this way that could mean a
lot of things it's free they're saying
she know she vis what came out is what
George Lucas had always pictured
Palpatine's first name be they just that
he just made up for no reason recently
um I guess his name would have been
she's thanks George
no one's telling me what a cinema
displays it is it a TV or a computer
monitor your monitor I'll take it
mine's a piece of shit yeah these are
all things I'm just trying to be nice
and came back oh my god we'll take it
what do you want what do you want to
give us cuz we'll take me or not I don't
know is it too big to ship then don't
then don't worry about it I'm assuming
if it's some sort of monitor it's
probably expensive to ship and you might
not want to do that
we were good here but we appreciate it
if it either like if it was like a game
or something we take oh that reminds me
I mentioned this on your stream the
other day I have a stack of DVDs that I
want to get rid of so if you want you
need giveaway items it's more
complicated than games because you have
to physically mail them by I got a stack
of stuff it's things that I've either
upgraded to blu-ray or someone got me as
a gift and I already had it okay whole
bunch of stuff it'll be my old DVDs
there's some good ones in there it's
like is stacking up and I was like
eventually I'll sell these but it's like
they're worthless now DVDs for worthless
so it's not even worth the effort to
sell them I'll get like 10 bugs
great awesome and everything that's
great and yeah Jess inator just email me
the money
yeah oh yeah no most of Jays DVDs are
porn you're right it's the tasteful
stuff you know there's a little story
going on that's the thing it's not just
it's not just flapping skin it's also
called here at Iike erotica
that sounds like a country in Africa
that actually sounds like the country
someone would be in if they were in the
porn yeah I am from the planet erotica I
need to repopulate
flappin skin sluts five what's it was
some of the best of the worst movie we
watch that had the really awkward sex
scene and you described it as like too
wet turkey breasts or something two
pieces of Turkey me and our what you
said it was funny yes I am from
erogenous five of course everything
though everything is out there
these guys just not just oh that like
show me yeah oh oh this is the heavy
metal boss yeah
guys this is the heavy metal boss tip
this as far as you can get in the game
right now so we did it we got a
subscriber here we got a subscriber
freaky good thank you for subscribing
why can't you get further in the game oh
because it's not a finished game right
right so like there will be more levels
later than just haven't made why are you
playin an unfinished game
yes
yo I haven't said what even if completed
if they did not finish this game work
stopped in this game right now yeah that
would be sad and disappointing but I
would not regret the purchase and I
would probably still continue to play
every no on that you know what I think
you're right yeah this is I would not
let that deter me from trying this game
out I feel like I have already got my
money's worth hmm
actually I haven't cuz this game was
kicked into me but if I had bought it I
feel like I would have gotten my money's
worth because it's a good game nugget
I hope they finish it did we want to try
another character do what reg everything
I did someone who's nothing
Oh someone tweeted when I tweeted that
we were doing crypt of the necrodancer
someone mentioned that they might want
to see some more
speaking of early access sure let's take
a break we've been going for a couple
hours let's take a break
refresh any beverages that we have any
beverages that people might have
accidentally it only spilled a little
bit oh this place is a disaster
yeah 50 oh it's so this game is $15 and
kind of worth it it's not done
oh wait someone's saying there's a
developer in the chat oh my god thank
you for making this game yeah I'm
assuming they had someone who worked on
this game Devin chat who's the dev Ryan
Clark oh hey Ryan Widow yo Ryan what
game this game
they say Doug you got to make sure of
what game could be anything
we don't know
I think Ryan Clark Ryan Clark might be
high right yes I am the games designer
oh my god hey when is zone 4 gonna be
done that's my question for you man what
is zoned for gonna be done I love your
game we thank you we've spoken highly of
your game we want to know when it's when
some force can be done and is there pasa
a possibility of getting this game on a
mobile device I want this game on my my
phone on my phone my phone and and my
Vita my PS Vita answer our questions or
don't we're tagging the chat for
questions oh my how the tables have
turned
zone 4 is coming when we leave it early
access about 2 more months
yay that's great that's great mobile now
answer me about mobile or else if you
can't where we're asking the check
questions and the chad is telling us
that it's gonna be out tomorrow yes
it'll be out tomorrow ok a lot of people
have asked for mobile and they're
looking into other platforms as soon as
the steam launches thank you that's
great
oh yeah oh also uh Ryan when is the next
blanket review zone 4 will be released
the same day as space cop yeah is that
the plan tomorrow tomorrow or the day
after tomorrow the day after tomorrow
that's right it has to render that's
right but tomorrow I'm not gonna say
you're gonna get the blanket review you
know what is coming tomorrow I I've
decided I'm gonna start a daily vlog on
my youtube channel cuz you know I got
things to talk about so I'm gonna start
a daily vlog and it's gonna be released
the same time every day and it's just
gonna be talking about things it'll be
up on my youtube channel tomorrow and
what's your YouTube channel people
should I don't even know what is my
youtube channel I know is it I think
it's just I think it's just a barman I
never use it I haven't used it forever
so now I'm using it for a vlog a daily
vlog I see all these all these vlogs on
YouTube these people they do these
videos every day and it's always super
interesting so I've decided that I want
to get involved with this
you know you understand so now are you
gonna go full production or like just
just you know I'm keeping it real it's
just gonna be very low low tech yeah and
it's just gonna be me talking about
things so you're keeping it real is very
important it is it's very important so
so that'll be up the first one will be
up tomorrow I think that's great
everyone check out YouTube / J balmy
corn and you know that's great I think
that's great I'm super looking forward
to it no that's this will seriously be
up tomorrow rich okay that's great I
think you know what I always think that
it's important to like try new things
exactly exactly I think that's great I
know yeah keep it going until I feel
like I don't everything else to say and
that's the worst I know I can't talk
about that it's a daily vlog I'm gonna
shoot it tomorrow morning and then
upload it immediately so off-the-cuff
Ballman have my babies Ballman or bomb
in like my name vomit
oh okay I don't know it sounded like you
said ball man I was bald man have my
babies we very much appreciate that I
hope you are aware that I can't have
babies unless you mean there man I
cannot have babies cuz I'm a man unless
you're a woman and you're saying that
you know you want to have the babies oh
my god
that's great oh thank you
Ryan Clark Ryan Clark what other games
have you made is this your first game
what have you done besides this I just
want a chatot yeah I was gonna I was
ready to take a break now I just want to
talk to you because I like because I
like game dog what did you say you
wanted to play next check that doesn't
like right yeah soon let's do a little
me you you keep chatting with Ryan and I
will I'll get things set up have you
tried it Jake it
have you tried having babies you know I
haven't incredibox professor fizz Wizzle
you could be lying to me but I'll
believe you
as professor his whistle sounds like a
made-up game which I'm sure you made up
this is yeah everything that exists was
made up by somebody it's true he says
this is his 10th game and his fourth IGF
nominee game that's great
I was testing invisible ink before
launch
that's right cuz um Cliquot no clay
clear yeah clay clay I helped out with
necrodancer so I would assume that you
vents um they had somebody or you had
some hand in his awake that's great
that's great and yes you can add your
own music to crypt of the necrodancer so
if you want I haven't tried doing that
we could play to shake it off because
rich has shaken off on his computer
you've got the whole the whole taste way
we get the whole album the whole line we
can play the theme what is the theme to
air wolf I never watched air wolf
oh yeah I got it done
clay clay is great invisible ink
don't starve shank yeah mark of the
ninja what are these things you're
saying right now these are these good
games Oh games and food games all made
by the same girl I see they're an
excellent developer okay I see people to
do things but they're all great yeah
yeah they are I haven't had that much
time into jokes
we're getting we're getting invisible
rain in Brazil right
I have invisible rink you maybe you
should we can get pasta so I can turn
the games capture off and we didn't get
your drink I don't want to do I don't
you know what I want some water let's
take a break and you can get some water
take a break pause it all right I'm
gonna mute the strings

[Part III]
oh my god that was largest in the room
we can try on mic just for situations
like it reaches unnaturally loud now I
got shake it off stuck in my head as you
should all the time what I have had
stuck in my head all week as a song that
I'd never heard of before but it's
during the opening sequence of inherent
vice it's by a band called can songs
called vitamin C I'm assuming it's a
period movie our period song because the
movie takes place in the the 60s but
it's the it's the best song so I saw a
list I heard the best song and I saw the
best movie ever in the last week and
hear advice not being the best movie
that bean possession but the song from
in here advice is the best song you
really should be so there's easy there's
normal higher and Ironman mode this mode
disables the rewind feature rewind must
be something new I realize
yeah brioche is new yeah I wouldn't want
to use it anyway right I think I think
I'm gonna go these seats for a while
since you play it's been a while it's
not bad good god right I shouldn't
listen to this iron man moon no it's
been so long since I played the game
finally since the review yeah 100% cuz
I've been waiting for it to come out oh
my god do you yeah I've been waiting for
this to get out of early access in it
it's not however access yet that's the
first thing to do this you can randomize
new characters like I can either have
Deckard and Internationale or or even an
island I'll stop being them great I'm
ready I say that
okay let's see here we got a that's a
fairy garden we I want that garden very
garden oh that's right Jen I would not
want to use the rewind feature I told
Jack like easy because I'm not the one
playing it so oh yeah
Jack is playing this now oh the vault
gives us money right it's so long yeah
when I okay both is money it's business
well it's called a fucking vault it's
been months rich and well they've been
talking about making one for years now
and it always falls apart but just the
other day was announced that I remember
some company just just bought the rights
to do it like the rights had lapsed or
something
so it'll happen even if this one falls
apart it will happen eventually and I'll
probably see it just out of curiosity
but appreciate it yeah it's a great
movie yeah I've always said like my
favorite aspect of that movie is when
the the plane with the president gets
hijacked and it crashes into the
building but because it's a little
budget movie they couldn't film a plane
crashing into a building so you see the
plane coming through the building and
then you just see it happen on a monitor
you see like a graphic like that charts
it and it's like oh that's their their
low-budget way of getting around it like
that's awesome yeah and that's and
that's where an escape from New York
remake will be it'll be in order to be
it'll be a proper action movie which the
first one isn't I love the first one but
it's barely an action movie it's more
about like the atmosphere in the tone
and the cinematography and Kurt Russell
it's
yeah I mean the most exciting thing that
happens in that movie is he perforates a
hole in the wall with with his gun and
then jumps through it and that's the
exciting action in the movie and then at
one point he sits in a chair he just
wanders around for a while then he sits
in a chair
it's got great atmospheres so this is
the remake I can already picture what
the whole thing will be in my head I
don't know it might be okay but I don't
care and it's such a simple concept and
Leslie just overcrowd it with dumb shit
it's hard day again yeah I guess that's
kind of a given
I don't know that's all look at the the
Dredd movie have you seen Dredd yet you
still ever seen oh if they didn't escape
from higher the people that made Dredd
and have them do escape from New York
and it would be pretty fucking awesome
because that movie bombs it's true so
it's I escaped from New York it's a
great concept it's I love the look of it
if you were to do an updated version of
that like it I don't know if it wasn't
done stupid like it could be a decent
remake but it probably won't be done any
other way than stupid yeah plus ooh do
you get to replace Kurt Russell like
he's he is Snake Plissken a few years
ago you always call him bad it's shabby
no two names that are neither first nor
last that's true they're just words it's
work I want to say a few years ago when
there was an attempt to do an escape
from New York remake it was what's his
name
Gerard Butler I want to say was attached
to play the Kurt Russell role I think I
don't know who cares that's they already
did a remake of Escape from New York it
was called escape from LA it was the
same damn movie but stupider
well yeah I'm probably just gonna die
and start over that's fine
which I'm okay with well yeah because of
the like if it was just this one and
this one I could take him but there's
the third guard right here
remember this is easy mode
should be back up now I rewound now in
its outline oh you just started give it
a second hm I wonder why you were
talking to them but okay oh yeah here
goes sorry guys we um
ivory wound is what happened yeah we we
I don't know one the stream kicked out
but we just use the new rewind feature
yeah which was to do deck it should
start the previous tour it takes you to
the start of the previous turn so I
didn't fuck up that bad yet
now is there a limited number of those
ruins
how does that work uh yeah you only have
one per level okay but I know what to do
now so this guard is gonna come back
through this door now so I have to do so
I'm gonna hide eckhart here we're gonna
steal from this safe and then
international I need to remember to
close doors
nope sorry still remembering how to play
the game I'm not sure now ladypants
close the door wait she's on the outside
she's she's right where that guy's gonna
see no no cuz I'm gonna go like no I'm
not gonna move in yet first I'm gonna do
this and then I'm gonna hide it right
there okay and then this guy's gonna
come in and turn around and go back out
but these guys are gonna come but I'm
gonna hit him with my phaser okay I
think I think do any moves left
can you peek no for some reason you
Deckard came peek around this corner
that's fine let's see what happens
was it it doesn't matter
I'll be fine see all right exactly
that's what I'm oh that's what I was
hoping for okay so there's this guard
over here but he ain't doing shit
where's the peek icon oh it is out here
all right
I can't do it shit where's the
this guy's going back here I wish I knew
where that guy's gone without ever find
here to go right here oopy doop where
you going
new station are you fine alright great
ladypants on the other hand we are gonna
sneak you to the other room because she
is a lady and she got some pants I never
said it was a clever name close the door
always be closing doors what yeah we're
gonna hide right here and then we're
gonna steal okay excellent
Jack is making progress it's so weird to
play after something faster plays paced
like cancer yes after after spelunky and
necrodancer yeah you have to run around
to the beat of music in this game
definitely a change of pace but whatever
okay I think unless Decker can do
anything else no he can't
shit
he don't see shit oh shit
start off with a pickpocket percent no
that's enough that's what's your face
banks bank that's banks yeah secretin
said but that's fine I just have to wait
for this fuck to go okay what can you do
miss lady pants a whiskey Ranger the
same fuck the Packers yeah no fucking
the dead fuck you that last Packer game
was exciting I don't know what's gonna
happen this Sunday but that last game
was good oh my god like mid throne
that's very sad he's gonna be out for a
whole year or he's gonna try and make a
comeback so howhow are the Bears doing
it was one point they man
great doing it doing it I'm playing the
game guys it's very exciting for me did
you did you give that one safe Oh No
that's where I'm going oh yeah I know
the hotkeys it's pretty great this
location is monitored by an enemy I
noticed that I can't drag guards in it
yes yes yes
oh I'm assuming you guys are back up sir
IRA I'm assuming one of you is streaming
on Sunday right someone's asking cuz
that's when the Packers are playing but
oh yeah I'm assuming you guys don't care
we don't care about the so yes we'll be
freely on Sunday or maybe they might
event Super Bowl Sunday either way I
don't think you care so we were talking
for Super Bowl Sunday don't get people's
hopes up about something that might not
have a Super Bowl parties are holding
commitments that's true so never mind
you know what I'm not gonna say anything
sometimes sometimes they're holes next
day commitments if you drink too much
don't talk about it first
that's see this is what I'm saying
there's no point I'm gonna say even if
it's short oh my god
how many movement points do I have where
does it tell me that I've seven so one
two three
nah come on four five yeah I should have
no wait one two three four and then five
six seven I'm hoping to knock him out
and drag him over here behind the desk
why usually alone and see what's in that
other door there I could do that too
that was a much smarter thing that I
mean probably I mean it would be so much
smarter to do that that I instantly
assumed that was what you were going to
do because that was it was kind of the
obvious
sure thing oh sure sure you know it was
so obvious that I didn't want to be
obvious why why isn't she here what's
going on why is Shmi their wife's me
here Shmi why is she H me here what does
your heart tell you
yeah incognita oh okay I get it it's an
AI now it's an AI thanks Jane it's true
oh I get it when I'm in this mode I'm an
incognito mode okay I get it I
understand everything the world probably
okay probably say it we're talking about
streaming earlier in the day for the
Europeans yes they don't give a shit
about football at least not the good
football - Tatum Channing thank you for
subscribing really her afternoon
pestering yes to do because you know
many European fans have been asking for
earlier streams you know right now it's
like 4:00 a.m. for them fans watch they
might they might to it in earlier as
opposed to during the Superbowl yes so
so unless there are unforeseen
obligations which is very unlikely but
some likely hmm I talk sometimes you
can't not speak words good what I should
just end my turn
be careful the next alarm levels will be
quite dangerous
okay the next alarm levels will be quite
dangerous rich yeah great exactly safe
so Super Bowl Sunday we will be your
streaming your streaming your wrists
treatment yeah I see your ass treatment
are you gonna play like old like Madden
games that's fine
how many of those are there they still
make those right we can do we can do men
then we can also do something like Mario
Strikers if you have a football game
yeah
a proper food ball game soccer game it's
true it's true we do all that fuck is
still there you won't meet you won't
meet one person over here who will refer
to football as American football I'm
gonna start calling an American football
yes
we'll see how see how quickly I get
punched in the face it'll be like the
experiment a social experiment this is
what I'm thinking of doing wrench okay I
move right here because right now I'm in
cover this guy's coming back next turn
so I can go here what is your need to
knock this guy take a go over here
instead of knocking him out why don't
you find a way distracted
here's here's the thing I do distract
him you see that that that kind of the
zone of his sight words not full red but
it's striped yeah he walked in and out
of that area he won't see you but he'll
be alerted he'll go to investigate in
that area so you can walk into the cone
then run back into cover and then when
the roofs check it out you sneak out to
do whatever you were going to do before
ok watch out because that other guard
will come back to it chair well then
I'll wait
oh man turn
all right I like it you know I rich I
like it that's a good strategy
also don't need to know if I need to go
in that room necessarily what is this
nano fabricator I don't care about that
don't care about anything I don't I want
to get in this room it's a nice big room
oh the only thing that card is blocking
is this little room crystal crystal
value look I think it's crystal ball
first of all first of all thank you for
subscribe
I think it's called I think it's
actually pronounced crystal fuck now
they're gonna unsubscribe sorry crystal
whoa NFL some by the NFL yeah you do
know that that game your measurements
were feet inches yeah it's a it's a
pretty big part of the game the name is
actually accurate if you you know if
you're smart enough to realize there's
another definition of foot by the way I
never knew that but they had yards
damage check they use their feet I also
run a whole bunch
hey Chatham tanning Jeff wait another
way to standing shade in tanning what
was the last one Channing Tatum Oh again
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciated
love your movies have you seen any of
his movies have you seen the Jump Street
movies no they're surprisingly funny
they're made by those that Lord yeah but
lego movie people but now like they
didn't they also did collided with a
Chance of Meatballs which is great I
haven't seen that they also did they did
something else which was great oh okay
those guys
they know what's up yeah I I've only
well he did see the lego movie and that
was good um and yeah 22 Jump Street I
was surprised by how funny it was lots
of self-referential
like this is a pointless sequel tight
jokes that worked surprisingly well then
the original the original regulation
football was one football that is why it
is football oh okay sure I mean I'll
believe it now about that in any case
obviously kicking isn't as important as
it is in soccer yeah look if Europeans
don't like being called soccer why did
you start calling it soccer
I don't think soccer was invented by the
USA in the tournament I honestly have no
clue
I got an average yeah okay he's gonna go
investigate some shit
this corporate safe here Jack you saw
big hero six right yeah someone's asking
about it oh okay I can talk about big
hero six it was good right you want to
talk about kids movies I could talk
about them yeah no it's good
okay it's no it's not like it
things like cloudy with a chance of
meatballs and like a movie are like
legit good yeah big hero six is good but
it borders on that like it's good for a
kids movie yeah how come it's good but
it doesn't transcend you know what it is
it's light okay it's really light
specifically like if you're a fan of
hero movies the like the back like the
it's a team right it's like a team of
superheroes no it is that was just the
big guy you see in the trailer the big
white inflatable things baymax
okay that's actually part of the problem
is like they spend so much time on the
kid and baymax and their relationship
that eventually the team is just like
well I guess we're a team now okay yeah
I had no idea based on the advertising
that it was a like a cheese mix okay I
mean that makes sense I don't know what
the title meant but yeah the trailer
just made it look like it was all about
that guy it's adorable I've seen it a
couple times in theater the kids want to
see it again there's a mess yes obsessed
with it yeah so it's good it's good but
you know borderline kids movie good all
right
not not legit like Cloudy with a Chance
of Meatballs which is legit good I
haven't seen like so I like that I like
that lego movie though speaking of kid
movies the chance bringing up oh yeah
okay we're back okay we were silenced by
George Lucas
no I what I was saying is is Disney owns
Lucasfilm now but that movie had to have
been in production before he sold it
because those animated movies take a
while so I don't know what his
involvement is I'd have to look into it
it doesn't I haven't seen anything for
it okay it just seems so random like it
came out of nowhere that's like oh now
there's this animated George Lucas movie
what unless they change that sure with
one of the updates they usually just
done they don't turn back around just
let her only when they walk back to the
spot whatever sure facing okay they stay
facing that way alright I'll be fine I
guess
this might be oh I found the exit that's
great great let's go see what's in this
nano fabricator
maybe we can get some cool stuff
Oh what was the name of the George Lucas
movie strange magic strange magic oh my
god what the fuck is he in the court of
the Evans King thank you for subscribing
and please it's God not King now people
are asking about Shrek it was a trip
Curry's all fucking cancer
is that a thing I that might be a thing
no afraid of Shrek let me tell you I'm
not afraid of Shrek I just don't know
anything to save us
Minju my goodbye I'm in jail is that the
way the internet works there
everything's a cause or something else
ok well that's dumb yeah 500 Giants
screen we can't read it yeah I'm gonna
go I'm squinting why is that text so
small this one says 400 it's must be I
think a higher resolution monitor that's
TV I don't know it's true 400 okay 500
okay okay great
Deckard's just sitting here we're gonna
be cool we gonna be cool that guy goes
that way cool about fire safety come on
you thing is look he went back and look
this oh that sucks
half in the gag thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it it's changed
the way that works that's kind of socks
satisfied I don't want to go out anyway
how about that alright it's gonna get
really hard to play this game well you
know choosy battles I could take I could
take the guard out ya know just
distraction used to be a great tool yeah
I agree
I'm just gonna have to think my way out
of it
all right which so I'm gonna fail it's
basically what I'm saying beep oh there
we go there it is there's the business
you need a special key card for to find
CS I might need to take out the guards
to get there oh my bad
they changed the behavior of the guards
it's okay I know no that's not your bad
you were you were doing good so this is
a this is a still in development game
right yeah
oh I got hacked the saves now oh no I
have to toggle the generator I guess I
forget which is the generator I have
changed that out of harbour being
generator before boom
the generators been toggled yo so this
is like an artsy XCOM that's more like
stealth comm it's vaguely like focus on
shooting things focus is on stealth yeah
yeah okay so if X come is the turn-based
version of doom
this is like the the turn base version
of Splinter Cell
nice nice rich thank you haha apt
analogy enter
yeah this is all about stealth and even
though it is turn-based and grid-based
movement it is incredibly intense
there's no but that's a high five right
there you rich Evans just nailed it
nailing it all over the place
Oh big money big money big money and no
I'm good Hey boom-shaka-laka so yeah
after some time we think we need a
special card to get in here sure you do
right so the coins I read that in one of
the other release notes okay it's gonna
quit what that's the stupidest name that
I mean that I mean that in the best way
possible so are you saying you put poop
in the oven accidentally like I guess
you mistook it for food there's a whole
mythology behind us that we're gonna
have to get to the bottom oh no we have
a couple of shotguns what how do we get
chaplains yeah what have you talked
about that would have been a regular
ii-i've asked that we not see the bingo
cards anymore else it's gonna stop the
things we talk about okay try to cats
the thing jack is it is it like
constantly evolving or is it like a set
thing I think it's kind of something
okay so that's good try to get it so we
don't see the bingo cards if you're
gonna keep playing bingo so rich the
question is do I bring in ladypants to
take out the guards to get the key card
to open the thing knowing I only have
like three levels before the alarm
raises right yeah or do I just get
Deckard out of there
I have $2,100 not a lot not a lot of
cash
thank you ah thinking thinking thinking
right what do we figure out a lot of
doors you haven't explored there are no
there's only as you know in the
elevators
yeah the elevators right here oh and
there's only one room I haven't explored
there might be a safe in there I don't
know
Oh like a map or something is that new
oh one of these wannabe
I found a Dana Center that gave me a bad
yelp get out
take the elevator leave all right I'm
like a sometimes you gotta know when to
cut your losses and run all right
I feel you I feel ya cuz I know what do
you get right might be a lot but is like
a lot is it worth dying yeah basically
no yeah we're saying this looks fun
people don't watch our reviews
I mean we've reviewed this game we liked
it I liked it I I liked it I wasn't
worried if you liked it way more than me
mostly I like XCOM and I like stealth
right mostly like I'm just I'm not great
at games like this and so they make me
uncomfortable okay okay
my brain isn't used to processing so
much information I got a sneak can i get
thicker than Y Canada oh wait but
there's another guard over there where's
lady pants oh I should keep you could
sprint oh that's right oh no no no but
that could can get over here well could
he I can't but we can get in that room
between us safe right you could probably
hide in there I think there's another
well you know what I can I think I can
peek it there's a camera there you can
see there's nobody in there I don't even
waste an action oh okay you're right I
forgot we control the cameras out close
the doors always close the door close
the fucking door I always close the
fucking door you can shock that guy's he
comes through and then just run to the
elevator well I can hide it I can hide
it it's fine
all right lady pants in the elevator
great oh there's an exit that's fine the
corporation hasn't so far all upwards oh
this is just firewall upgrades this is
nothing this is nothing
yeah I'm playing on easy Chris I'm
playing on easy I want to win
that's why I've beat there was some
really older versions obviously change
the ones so well you're used to these
kind of tactical games
yeah you got a tactical man I like to go
peel peel with the gun and shoot oh look
I can I can win get out of here yeah we
did the first mission wait you get money
for guards neutralized maybe oh no those
are negative points okay good
Internationa
is that her name let's write if they're
not you know that's not a name kind of
silly
you think that's as much of a name as
Channing Tatum hey Jenny Jenny I want to
say year that's not uncommon I think
that's other people have done that
frequently - Tatum Channing sounds
correct cuz he's not
Channing Tatum is his name Tatum jitters
me neither sound corrects they both
sound like gibberish oh wait how many
points to get so you just get one let's
call him C tan C - C tan and tastes away
yeah oh right that's right
inventory slots Oh steal from
okay this is attempt we're gonna call it
for baby time number four dying back on
what we were getting good numbers oh
here we go
yep now it's happening no it happened
okay it's happening it's happening
yeah it might I mean that's possible
anything is possible
hey guys welcome back Sarita refresh
come on grandpa you can figure it out
it's the button that looks like the
refresh button it's at it's a furry
nurse it's Apple the Feria oh I'm so
sorry
land land Oh was taken I'm sorry that
you paid five American dollars for dead
air but we're here we're back now thank
you for subscribing
did you subscribe today shout out
whatever Lando was taken Thank You vs.
thanks for your patience
thanks for your patience I think we're
back which is very exciting
okay okay
I'm gonna do one more level of invisible
ink and then we're gonna change it up
okay just because I'm probably gonna die
in this low
I don't know continued my exception oh
you could do that yeah you guys one more
exhale change the name of the stream to
the XCOM strong oh that's funny actually
I don't even know I hear about XCOM all
the time I don't know often you've
streamed it but rich is in the middle of
my wah-wah
all right that's right that's right keep
asking me about that's why I talk about
it yeah rich what would you do with this
kind of situation class do you like oh
yeah no it's but we did a that was one
of our early streams was XCOM and
we should just get back to another yeah
so that's not terribly I think we've
done FTL more it's too soon we're not
talking about it yet people keep
mentioning this surgeon simulator game
oh sure I don't know what that is it
sounds like a comedy thing yes yeah I
remember
remember Octodad yes awkward controls
it's okay but you have to do surgery and
you only control your hands and you have
to like pick up different things oh okay
it's it looks to be very fun so yes we
should definitely do that at one time
that should be when if we can get the
whole group together that would be a fun
all right all right that's you know that
is that's us I know what that means
don't worry
I know it's going
turret right
oh no I probably need to hack the turret
because I can't I can't do that from
here well yeah I think I'm clear okay I
think we gotta do the old takedown cuz
this guy okay
now we go into overwatch ready to go
anime XCOM so so it's like XCOM but
command you know that isn't oh snap
oh shit rich shots fired yes a anime is
bad
that's like saying action movies are bad
it's pretty broad that's pretty broad in
general I hate it I know so little about
anime I couldn't even say no I got a I
got a pass card whatever you know what
I'm just gonna sit on them for a bit
then oh no here there's a door over here
with his pass card key after a turn I'm
going to sit on him okay
hey guys did you know that everything is
possible that's not even a song it's
sort of everything is awesome but not
really no no nothing's possible I heard
my nieces and nephews sing that
everything is awesome song yeah so much
from that movie came home and I didn't
see the movie and then I saw the movie
relatively recently and I was like it
was creepy to me that the song that
they're obsessed with and they love is
like this weird brainwashing tool in the
movie that's bizarre and the kids love
it oh do you know who else did that song
Lonely Island and Tegan and Sara really
yeah that's interesting a the female
parts okay we're done that is weird
you want another interesting factoid no
okay what is your interesting thing
are you really not gonna give it just
wanted us my channel thinking about the
Lonely Island Andy samberg's wife is
joanna newsom I know that name she is an
indie arty musician okay she she plays
the harp okay
she had a popular song pop popular indie
song called the sprout and the bean it's
freakin adorable I don't know the song
she sings weird and plays the harp is it
cutesy and quirky that kind of thing so
much so that it might hurt you okay they
do have a threshold for that kind of
thing yeah
got the database I hacked to the planet
rich okay yeah it's it's pretty rough
everything's fine ah damn I know people
are saying joanna newsom is an inherent
vice Oh see the narrator character chat
can someone tell me nope I can't
Chet Chet ease till there well now we
got to catch up
oh yeah thing at the oleic you got that
oh yes she is the narrator oh okay oh
she's good in that movie yeah oh it is
much shit over here that's great
what it's fine everything is fine
maybe what are you doing let me will
ever be fine jack is that true
it's true oh nothing ever or that I feel
can dim the door close the fucking door
yeah this is the closed door game always
be closing doors
so that's all that that's all my
factoids joanna newsom is married to
Andy Samberg well that's exactly yeah
you know she's acted in other things
apparently she's in an ear and voice I
don't know if she's an actress too or
did that was just weird stunt casting
could be weird Sun casting she has a
unique voice yeah yeah so perhaps that's
what they were thinking that Paul Thomas
Anderson he knows how to cast a movie
except for agreement these are things I
should know yeah yeah that's really nice
you start no I think because I hacked
this database I got that I think I don't
know for sure
I don't think
oh shit that guard is still out okay
cards up cards up
Evel knieval says rich I will rehab my
subscription if you give Valkyria
chronicles a try gotcha
every time I get up from this chair it
swings around and smacks into the mic so
I'm assuming people have been picking
that up the guard or does that mean he's
coming if I said I didn't know
like I still that's not gonna help
good
that was his walk back so now he's in
this room yes okay great everything's
great everything's possible
Jesus Christ
rich is dying it's like Robert DeNiro in
Cape Fear the movie theater just I know
it's not gonna help us listen what else
am I gonna do die yeah yeah is there
room why thank you probably I'm just
gonna stand there now really yeah
we've got the explanation for said oh
he's going over here okay percent that
fucked already well I can still end the
turn and see what happens and if I get
fucked everyone hears you're gonna get
far yeah well we'll see
ok I got a plan you know you should have
done it's too late now
Deckard has the invisibility cloak oh
that's right because I don't remember
well listen this is why I'm no good at
this and I have a poor memory I have a
poor memory I have a poor memory this is
not backseat gaming it already happened
it's too right
my maxi game do you'd be alive right now
that's true that's true
use what Decker's gonna do what we want
see looking at now it tells me like hey
you fucked up you want to rewind the
game yeah hey look how I'm super smart
yeah I feel I feel the door they come
out of it
you're safe hiding on the side right
right I got that he's turning that way I
thought I could get in here but there
was all right I feel like the rewind
means that I failed so yes it does so
why don't you play some ex-con now
you're just done okay I failed I got to
play it and I likes playing it again
here you make it go away I don't know I
don't know how your fancy computer make
it go away cuz you make it cool
that's why all of us really
so those are our options we can or we
can't
you don't
oh my god Rich's vomited where it's just
vomited all over the keyboard I thought
spilling my beer was bad he'll soak up
the beer my special mouse five buttons
too many okay I did you should never
touch rich a special Mouse just saying
that's against company policy see that's
another thing now I feel like after this
fuck use January video that joke has run
its course so for me it's like okay
that's done just like the ishtar trailer
it's like okay that's done but people
who can't get enough of these things I
don't get memes they make no sense to me
you know what I don't like about memes
cuz they're supposed to be funny right
you do the same thing over and over and
over and it's always supposed to be
funny to me comedy like it works because
of the element of surprise
sure like a joke is funny cuz it catches
you off-guard well when you see the same
thing you've seen a billion times that
was that funny name isn't quite a joke
okay a meme is that thing that people
like alright I don't like them I don't
get on
I don't like knock-knock jokes so that
explains a lot okay it's not unique it's
just copying the same thing right well
okay I don't understand any of this I'm
a grandpa it's the same game I was
playing on the west room what was I
doing
see that's an element of surprise that's
why that's funny now someone else does
tells the exact same joke it won't be
funny no that's right I was just about
to do yes John keel oh you won't see if
we're done with this chart I ran it into
the ground I'm sorry for everyone who
said they couldn't hear me I had the
microphone sets of rich Evans volume
which rich Evans has I don't know if I
want to call it magical I cannot explain
the power of SEPs low SEPs low thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it and Jay you
might be able to speak to the power for
a difference noise as well whenever I
monitor his sound it's always different
than everything
it's always different than everything
else and it's always way louder than you
think
no he has a voice that can carry he's a
born actor he's a born and it's a born
lesbian Virg Evans is a born last before
all right it's quite possible that you
guys here and/or see what's happening
here and for the record I do not like
mustard I just thought it's his computer
and I thought I would be funny which is
on Mike
apparently we went a little too far with
all of our Tatum Channing jokes
Channing Tatum jokes I honestly don't
know which is correct
shut that down now they don't know my
name I renounce J I get I I don't think
we're streaming it it still hasn't come
up here I'm gonna refresh I'm refreshing
we have tried to go online can you
change the server no yeah that's right
