Dec 21, 2015
Freedom Planet, The Force Awakens spoiler discussion
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/39779687
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/39780453
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/39780934
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHKVOhDnE6k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt7Tlzztt48
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71RJJ0umdjQ
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/679021103377948672

[Part I]
and then hit that button and then hit
that button okay and I knew they are
great and you should be saying game I
know in a second yeah it's taking this
week there you should be seeing game
freedom planets I have read start its
life as a Sonic the Hedgehog fan game
the Sonic the Hedgehog when when they
decided to change some things around and
make up their own intellectual okay
lasers
got it all right mr. Biggs thank you
really also by the way quick quick note
on Star Wars spoilers Star Wars spoilers
are still frowned upon yes no even
joking about Star Wars spoilers day one
bad day long ban if you either joke
about Star Wars spoilers that is still
the rule as it is still opening weekend
and we need to give people it shouldn't
be blood something game audio is too
loud they're saying game on is there
head into the game crisis what about the
story what about the story probably
gives you shit anyways spoiler one don't
spoil it rich and I I've both seen the
movie now and at the end of the stream
much like daredevil we will put up the
now it's okay to spoil Star Wars flag
and we will have an in-depth discussion
about Star Wars but we have to wait for
the ending screams until we say so
no spoiling Star Wars joystick just the
music volume maybe that's everything go
go down yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna guess
that's not everything it's fine
everything's fine what game is this this
is freedom planets according to Richard
started its life as a Sonic the Hedgehog
fan game and the creator's liked it so
much they decided to put their own skin
on we'll talk Lucky Strikes we will talk
about the max landis situation when when
we talk about star wars during Star Wars
spoiling time because I like I think
what max landis was saying kind of we
can delve into spoiler territory rich I
didn't see the half in the bag we can
give a quick spoiler list this is
probably well play it's that does make
any sense can you give a quick follow
this recommendation yeah yeah I liked it
I liked it it's fine it's fine I didn't
I didn't I didn't love it
no I don't need to see it again but I
enjoyed it and you have good characters
too
a sequence of so whatever I'm not a
metahuman law in the first place right
take that with a grain of salt
like so yeah we'll talk about all that
when we get into spoilers territories
and specific feelings but for now no
spoiling okay mouths off screaming all
right now we are ready to go
everything's fine right all right I
guess the controller only works in game
oh there we go
not bad looks like a sonic bad job very
even at roles
oh okay yep well what do you think
purple and green ah the green one that
seems to have a motorcycle so I would
choose well if we want to judge those
out of sonic nests
sir then live slice it straight lilac
lilac she kicks so hey this is a fan
game of Sonic the Hedgehog oh there's a
thing that has to church there's a
charge of turtle eater
oh you can dodge oh oh whoa I lack the
hinge hawk the hinge dog I lack the
hinge dog yep that's exactly oh my god
there's a there's a little animal thing
that came out of that robot I killed
these must be okay with indie games
doing
that's fine
thanks for everything you know there's
the spoiler warning is because there are
many people who want to go into a movie
as fresh as possible I love it yeah I
love going into a movie not knowing
anything the CEO just experienced a
movie as it is and some people can see
if this weekend for whatever reason so
we're going to be behind because you
know one thing I know everybody agrees
we all like everybody I would like to
think that everybody here really enjoyed
guess I'm not surprised switch place
recognizes it only be inappropriate if
cigarettes still putting out good 2d
sonic no I don't wanna go there where
did all the other things get stopped I
can't go back I will say this I did I
did take my boys to see Star Wars and
I'm always nervous but I've been taking
them both to the movies for a long time
and you know we always have the very
same conversation before you know before
we go it get into the school which is
you know like how we're gonna act in the
movie theater holiday do respect those
everyone
see the movie we're not gonna talk
during the movie like that's something
I've been grained in them
I'm very good I mean I hate when the
grown-ups do that it's the most annoying
thing in the world when someone's
talking during a movie
I'm trying to teach them right like two
hours telling right there it's a long if
it wouldn't matter how long it was if it
was a great movie per se it was a fine
great will you wouldn't say oh that was
long I meant in specific respects to
children okay
sorry I was I was about to get there
it's it's a long movie for children
here's my here's my spoiler free review
spoiler free review I'm sorry I've typed
this in the chatter number times last
couple days okay chat with people fun
okay spoiler free it's like a less fun
guardians of the galaxy only with a
better climax and deeper characters for
the most part deeper characters but let
less fun than guardians the galaxy
better climax let's see the perish so I
think I can I think I can outright agree
with that up there good get up there you
lilac like man Hedgehog personally you
not a hedgehog like I think I've talked
about my expectations with the Star Wars
for a while now which is I I was
expecting this movie to be nothing but
adequate like JJ Abrams was an adequate
director I was expecting perfectly
acceptable and I feel like I got more
than it was above how to quit so I am
therefore I am pleasantly surprised
oh oh you can like bounce off the yes
they change things a little bit it's
right just
it's like sonic pinball cycles some new
mechanics the whoo but there's a there's
a jump finger she had to see you do it
no things got a charge at this is charge
meter okay and it was an air - yeah just
kind of neat you know sauna can use an
air - that's what they were thinking
when I didn't see them I like that I
like that more than the air - itself is
the bounce off the walls are they saying
you can go jump Oh a hair uppercut oh my
god that's deadly hair that's deadly
hair that is deadly you know I think
that's very very far as spoilers do not
bother them
but some people gather some people and
they understand that they face some some
people often you know I was doing a
really good job of not being spoiled by
you know I didn't even know what actors
were in the movie no okay
that's how little I knew about the movie
pleasantly surprised with my
expectations being acceptable not
mediocre I was expecting acceptable
and you like jump down like jump up and
then like attack down oh there's an
attack combo oh yeah why Gargan
sure you can what was that what nothing
this thing I don't think this oh they're
saying you can't use that as that carrot
Oh what is this sonic ripoff it is
freedom planet hold on like does it
really not say that we're playing for
something cuz I double check something
real quick I got a double check that's
like a better Seneca Hedgehog
yeah okay so say it's us a freedom plan
we are playing a game called freedom
planet which according to rich Evans
started its life oh my which started in
size of a Sonic the Hedgehog fan game
that the creator's just liked so much
they put their host rights on it sold it
sold it as they should you know that's
great you make a game okay that's a year
from move to lamination X right what
what hold on oh did you see the landing
of the Falcon 9 space X landing earlier
today know as a space nerd I must say it
was amazing
was this one of those private companies
they do a thing SpaceX I want to say as
a private o SpaceX yeah the Falcon 9
SpaceX landing no I did not yeah you got
a YouTube that loader a youtuber later I
didn't even know there was a landing
today I'm not I'm not you know a huge
space nerd but I enjoyed actually
actually hadn't heard this news to me
get it to go six that means I missed
five of them or you got six of them neo
there maybe that was an extra light good
day I think you have six lives right
okay
chick with a riff says Jack and rich I
am a new fam and just want to say thank
you both for all that you do I can only
assume that's a new fan someone me well
thank you thank you for watching we
really appreciate that I saw she
subscribed yeah chick with the wrist
will do we do sometimes we do the thank
yous later we bunch later as I used to
get a ton of them start the stream try
to have a conversation yeah you have to
stop the conversation it doesn't have
too much anymore really I just say
because we hate because now we have the
platter I've been I've been debating
going back he's doing them as they go
you know I think I think it's that we
need to take that and we need to take it
take it as a country sometimes we're in
the middle of conversation can't fingers
subscriber that's why we have a I know I
brought it up and make sure I hit thumb
next you have it great yeah we got well
we got a few already oh my god I already
thanked I think steady beers in text
form but Tiberius Kirk mr. bibs a oh
wait you went away rich well I didn't
know you're gonna go through it all
smite time subscribe for 15 months in a
row one small ball and chick with a rich
thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it it's true and really do
really is really true this is actually
you know this is going to be my last
stream of the year yeah well I need
everyone to know that this is our makeup
strim I couldn't do it yesterday and so
we're doing our makeup stream tonight
with you know we don't know we don't
normally stream Monday nights but we're
doing our makeup room tonight I'll try
and get in for a solo stream you'll see
what I got Christmas sure no but but
because of the holiday season
we'll be out of town I will not be
screaming for the rest of the year and I
don't come back when I come back I'll
try and get some solos in I'll be fine
I'll be fine everything will be fine if
I can I think she says bicycle things I
gotta go that's great that's great I
have not seen the trailer for the new
neoprene film someone just tweeted that
at me and I am excited to watch it but
I'm just excited about Neil bringing Jim
oh rich if you solo can you update the
Twitter which do you understand I don't
know what a Twitter is rich does rich
does nothing with the Twitter but um if
rich is planning on soloing I may have
internet here in there
so rich can send me an email or a
message
which I may know is very that's very
comforting though everybody hates me I
may or may not I know I may or may not
if I can or cannot that's all things did
Edmund tweet me I just saw that I just
saw that someone tweeted me I didn't
have to say Oh Edmund good guy just
tweeted me about the news we we've been
talking we've been talking a little like
off of public Twitter about Neil Brady
general and of course everyone knew
Breen is the best in the world
I you know what I agree hack the movies
the world is solely sorely lacking a
rich Evans Twitter account I do have it
updated exact once he's here I think he
would he would have a couple really
great tweets here in there and
90% I like these like dancing school
what's what's in it for me me yeah
that's good let's get down and dirty
here what's in it for you is an easy way
to communicate with the people oh boy
that's exciting
uh-huh keeping you still going camera
she's gonna be over a little bit further
it's a classic sonic problems are you
gonna keep doing this I see something
you got you out of the loop or those who
needs your help at Kraig garbage
leftover beefcake says I don't believe
in green I'm a green atheist you know
while I respect your individual rights
you're just wrong there is a green next
things we've seen his movies we know
Jesus
we know he exists it's like how do you
explain how do you explain something as
beautiful as the abundance of stock
footage that debris how do you explain
that the joy of seeing his testicles if
there was no thing I think you've gone
too far
there's a joy in the pain
any chance the rlm extras DVD will ever
be back in stuff that's not yeah that is
a question for Mike and J here's what I
can say if it's something that they sell
then the answer is yes is there I don't
know things know things maybe I don't
know maybe not like right now obviously
concentrations are other places as far
as releasing movies and DVDs and such is
that Howard the Duck great Howard you
didn't say please
his name is torque fine be that way
essentially my child oh man yeah I don't
even know if they like if you guys could
put together I mean you could put
together an archives volume - doesn't
have a crap on the first archive I think
yeah we've talked about this before and
out of the big problem in like releasing
stuff that you did before your video
we're like one it's a bit like I'd seen
you before you were good at stuff and
two is like you know what when you're
just making movies with your friends you
steal songs you use like stuff that you
can't sell and so then you're talking
about like room editing I think luster
it'd be a cluster fiak this girl
she's like my tail oh boy she's like my
tail tail get it reference I don't get
it I don't understand what your
reference to Kara's at a Sonic the
Hedgehog reference I don't understand
well I'm torque I am a shadow duck isn't
it named Mac Mac knackles the duck shell
book it's more of a nickname okay let's
see here one small ball has sent us a
tip $5 of this specifically $5 of this
tip is for Jack to go get himself some
delicious beer for the holidays $6 of
this is for rich to put towards finding
a new football team fuck the Bears I
cared that much about the NFL that would
be a sick burn
someone is about to steal the key well
thank you one small ball I will I will
get a lovely delicious beer which I
probably would have done anything but
now over over the weekend you wanted to
watch the sporting game the football
sporting I'm nothing it's worth a shot
I'll catch up with you as soon as you
know like I've never cared about
professional sports ever because I think
it was like none of it affects me but
this is someone who loves football and
does fantasy football and so what what
he ended up doing was spending the
entire game watching different scores
update on his phone to see whether or
not his fantasy team was doing and so
it's like it it's the same with that
like you heard some TV the second screen
experience
or a lot of shows now have like
companion apps and you can like mess
around with the app while you watch the
show like Game of Thrones has an app
that tells you where the character is in
the fictional world yeah or like gives
you information about the world of now
or she was watching you know like
they're giving you excuses to look away
from the show that they produced and I
find it a horrible mess of bullshit in
malarkey and that's all I was thinking
when he was watching football but like
football was just on and he was just
paying attention to his phone because
you can't you can't change characters
between stages apparently that's stupid
let's see what the other one plays like
finish this lady up early whenever it's
fine
so in any case it was just one of those
things because you're supposed to be a
fan why aren't you watching the finger
go to sporting game right happens oh
sure it's common right it's weird it is
weird
I mean pay for tickets watch something
you paid to get in to see right it's
weird
damn it you can do a rich I believe in
you no I'm gonna go straight up can't
you go straight up get a little bit
diagonally I think you have to go down
that's not a button listen plunger I
think it's a button he looks different
nope nope that was thing it was a black
there's the thing that we knew the thing
was no no it didn't have a spring on
what so fast this goes right don't try
I've asked animator level my guess is
pretty bad or act
yeah
that gobbledygook isn't that like twitch
I'm not playing a game or even watching
it I'm paying something to a little
screen to access you know what I guess
to shape I guess I guess we all find our
entertainment where it's most more so
it's just like I've never
oh just oh just keep jeez - Garn
gosh-darn oh boy there is that a secret
thing down there see how that look at
that
just a door we're happy with doormen oh
my god
oh I think we are according to Jay he
does not think there will be a RL on the
stream I found this he is unsure he
cannot say 140 knots rich and I won't be
doing anything for new years as I would
be able to which may do something
we're vacation we did not see the space
accident you know what I still have yet
to knowledge I really thought it was
gonna be
Star Wars is the start oh oh well you
want to know give him a wide feedback
I'm gonna watch it right now I know
everyone was talking about that Star
Trek trailer last night I had it in the
back of my head all week like I gotta
watch it so trigger I gotta watch it
they would love a live track trailer I'm
gonna watch the Star Trek trailer right
now
Star Trek beyond yeah okay
thank you
you know you know what I think about
when I think about star trek sweet
wheelies on motorcycles and the Beastie
Boys
yeah for the record that's pretty
simon pegg is is out in public about
hating the truth who had a hand in
writing the movie yeah so I guess
there's hope
I guess I get it like basically they've
they've now like divorced themselves
from any pretense of like being Star
Trek being Star Trek was like we are we
are just an action movie that's what's
happening and you know I like the
Beastie Boys I'm a big Beatles fan see
that's a button that one is about the
other one was a button it's yeah like a
too fast to track it beef beef meat slab
that's the exact perfect way to describe
that here's to bring some counterbalance
to this I I know I know someone who
works at a trailer and completely
separate of the movie production they
hire a different company to make the
trailers for the movie right so I get it
I don't know if you did that on purpose
or I started to move just see what what
happened when he walked My Luck yeah oh
okay great and so I guess what I'm
saying is like I get it like some
producer was just like we are gonna turn
the rock and roll up to 11 let's just
see what happens if we go to track 2
furious and and you know garbage that
happens what game the product that will
satisfy nobody when you do that I know
like this is the first the first tracks
were successful one thing a little
research we're gonna look up the Star
Trek's I go to our good old friend box
office mojo you like box office resident
I like box office they have information
they do they give you the Star Trek's
made two hundred fifty seven million
dollars the Star Trek's into darkness
made 228 million slightly less than the
Star Trek but still a very decent yeah
both both mate you know I'm sure made
money
I'm supposed to go let's just watch
watch Jack Watson freely I know I'm not
exciting when I want to trailers but I
just watch it is the Sonic game not
going over well you know did you have
any interesting points you know you're
not curious if they can improve upon the
formula yeah I'm not particularly
interested in playing hockey right now
that's okay rich that's okay you know
what I want to say a last dream I spent
the entire stream plan with a blood 1
right so from a multitude of reasons I
don't want to play just mostly because
I'm sure them that won't be me secondly
because last room I spent the entire
industry and I've been I've been missing
it I really want
thing in there I can't get a thing I
have a lots of work to do see these
these gold things that are still go you
don't know how to get the gold myself
well then I don't like I don't know if
they're secrets or if that's just the
level design
you're not married are you a rabbit no
you're not a remedy looks like hair
matters why does sonic sonic this is so
not the Hedgehog
so not the Hedgehog weiner hers dog
would like to give us a tip and say I'm
sure the new Star Trek series on CBS
will in no way resemble the pacing of
the the original series or the next
generation is a relatively calm
thoughtful sci-fi show just something
that would never work from this day and
age a relatively if you're gonna make
some an insightful why are you even
bothering with prep because it's the
name because it's new people like to see
the name of it I'm trying to think of
other sci-fi shows
calm and insightful or not which is just
depressing but is it calm and insightful
is it good it's okay it's good everybody
dies the series I don't know I think I I
do think that there is a a world first
slow and deliberate sci-fi I think that
more and more studios don't want to take
that risk so that you wouldn't have to
figure it out
but I think like something like a a
Netflix original or Hulu original or
something you know like a company like
that that's willing to take more risks
and maybe work on a slightly smaller
budget an FX the expanses thing but I've
never seen it
oh I've heard good things about these
things that's a sci-fi show right what's
the amnesia one dark matter dark matter
dark matter I've seen that
that's a Netflix I rely on how slow it
is it's nuts nuts
Star Trek 2009 fast there's action in it
uh-huh but it's a crew on a ship and
they all wake up with amnesia their
brains have been erased when they were
in like hypersleep or whatever that's
what and it turns out they're all
criminals oh you know what I keep seeing
that pop up on Netflix and I keep
wondering if I should watch it watch it
it's okay that's okay
okay loving it I had problems with it I
don't remember what they are
the show was largely left my brain got
so like black mirrors a fine example
black mirrors a fine example of good you
know its episodic or not episodic we
come what do you call something weird
every episode is it's an anthology I
also really like orphan black which I'm
just going to the same areas you're lost
I don't know if orphan black counts as a
slow sci-fi but it's it's definitely
sci-fi it's fun I really like to orphan
black but again you know that's a
smaller Network like like your FX your
BBC's your Syfy's your Netflix they're
gonna come out with your quality stuff
the big networks it on video they don't
want an inexpensive your doctor who's
the doctor who's I you know for there
was a long time in which I enjoyed the
doctor who's I would not consider to on
no I I haven't watched any of the news
that I would not categorize Doctor Who
as no that was my guess in order to just
think I worked thing would used to be no
I don't know if it was every time it was
it was it's more science fantasy but
it's good science fantasy it's like it's
like an adventure and they get into a
little bit of the nitty-gritty but it's
more fun it just was good what happens
we get on that first
and then for the rabbit room get to the
rabbit room
Oh sense8 on love sense a set slow and
plodding it is but unless of a sci-fi
way and more of a character like they
never delve into the hard science of why
but I really like it
what do I do with these rabbits I don't
know what to do with the rabbits no I
haven't seen any of the Peter Capaldi
doctor I stopped watching guys for a
while ago and as long as that companion
was there who at whatever her name was I
think it's gonna happen unavoidable
aspect of reality as we know it
oh there you go you got some harsh fire
you got some hard fire
okay call good call I know a secret
areas when I see a secret areas no I
can't care about doctor her anymore with
them what's her Nick Clara oh I fucking
hated player Clara as a companion was
worthless so as long as she's there I'm
out we're learning things rich
would you consider yourself a fan of
there are lots of John Hughes movies I
love mmm-hmm
I don't know that I love all of them but
in general if someone would say hey I'm
gonna watch a John Hughes movie tonight
you down probably I think we got good
odds there I could think of several John
Hughes movies but I really enjoy and I'm
having a hard time thinking of the John
Hughes movie that his characters are all
obnoxious spoiled rich brats yeah who
don't realize how good they have it so
there's something obnoxious about John
Hughes movies yes I don't care about the
angst of young rich people you have
nothing you have nothing to bitch about
if you're a John John Hughes movie yet
you bitch about things you've nailed
John Hughes yeah yeah you know who loves
John Hughes I live in a house with eight
rooms eight bedrooms alone but what I'm
saying our teen life sucks well my life
sucks
because my dad works all the time my dad
works so we can afford this mansion we
live in I could basically do whatever I
want
fuck that no yeah it's rich suburban
people love gianni of course they do
because it speaks to them
I think there's a lot of good John
Hughes I'd like you know I don't know if
you watch the home alone movies for the
holidays I mean they're not good but the
classic what else was a Christmas
vacation
Johnny's Christmas vacation Christmas
classic of course this just enriched has
nailed
home alone aged poorly yeah I mean we
just want you know because I got the kid
you know we like the boys the boys wet
themselves laughing what do you want to
tell Malone the criminals impaling
themselves and falling down you should
hear the uproarious laughter it makes it
makes walking home alone worth it to
hear the laughter children because the
men get hit in the head and cry and
that's what makes its I mean if you just
watched that movie and it just makes no
sense a home on one end time it loses it
real fast but that doesn't matter you
just want to see the chief addiction
he's gonna see the men get hit in the
crotch and they do so it delivers Oh
Clara is gone now from doctors you know
what the never give it a shot
I hate the sound of children laugh ass I
hate the sound of children laughing
nearly as much as I hate the sound of
them crying Wow Vera 4 yeah it's fine
yeah that's all fine you know it is it's
a it is a tradition in my household to
watch Christmas vacation every single
year I have possibly seen this
configuration more than I've seen any
other movie every time I watch it there
is something new so much fine of a
Christmas story Christmas story I mean
another perfectly fine classic and it's
a Wonderful Life
there's a fantastic movie really yes
it's a wonderful life I love it's a
wonderful life really yes really go fuck
yourself what is the oak also lately
what is with people like thinking
they're clever putting out well diehards
my favorite shit Sherlock know those
people
30 years ago we weren't dicks about it
then if they were there just was no
internet then you're catching it on the
internet now everyone that was
everybody's joke I just figured that out
because I'd clever gremlins that's my
favorite Christmas movie a good home
we'll check the game takes place on
Christmas
misoo fries now I will pretend that you
did not mention a Christmas vacation -
that's what I'm gonna do to be polite -
thanks found the secret be smart that's
that's a really neat little like
mechanic pinball mechanic pinball
mechanic they really dig down we're
worried it's a wonderful it's a
wonderful life is a strange choice why
fine why is it a strange choice it's an
older mood so can't be good because it's
old it's not I can't be good you know
but I just figured that would be beyond
any one of our generation I saw it piers
got like oh don't wonder this is a
classic it's a great movie
you know it's a fucking great moving you
know there's a horrible flop right I
don't care I really don't care who
thought it was a flop I've seen it it's
a great movie oh sure sure there's a
very fun story behind it - wonderboy
which is when it came out it was a flop
and pan yeah I got well and it got
recognized kisses on TV so much I know
the only reason was on TV so much is
because no one Pony DUP money for the
distribution rights because it was such
a horrible and so TV networks to play it
for very cheap yeah so they played it
every Christmas because it was a cheap
movies like that's when it became the
Christmas classic which i think is a fun
story
that's a fine movie Jimmy Stewart your
your money's not here it's it's over
Anna - I read your money isn't oh well
my works
there's to the Saturday a Saturday Night
Live episode where they they have the
alternate ending it's a wonderful life
they all go to beat up mr. Potter
it was a flop because no one was ready
for all that existentialism after World
War Two I'm not I'm not disagreeing that
it's a fun it's just you know I do I by
the way
Tobin the gnome i 100% have a classical
film bias you guys know what my
attention spans this month I have a very
short attention span and older movies
tend to have any slower pace to them and
so just because of that slower pace yes
I really enjoy Christmas movies I've
never even seen the original yeah the
the remake with with the the Jurassic
Park guy and Matilda I haven't seen
either yeah oh it's fun you know John
Hammond the Jurassic Park guy yeah and
he's great I programs he looks like
Santa and that little girl who played
Matilda whatever her name is that
actress that was another thing with my
little girl and
Derek German dermot mulroney women Dylan
McDermott sure sure
remember Dylan German that at all
television star he's in it if you're a
dreamboat Miracle on 34th Street thank
you
Thank You mr. screw I love Scrooged that
is my all-time favorite version of a
Christmas Carol oh Jesus Christ yes
Jesus Christ I never hear people talk
about Scrooge it's so good yes it's
great so good all you know what all you
need is Scrooge and a Muppets Christmas
Carol those are the two versions and I'm
just seeing the Muppets right like a
decade after Jim Henson died just seeing
the Muppets oh now mother's Christmas
sales ploy you know it's a Christmas
carol but they have songs and Michael
Caine is Scrooge so it's like you get
the Muppets and no and you know what the
Muppet version of the ghost of cookie
season
yeah he's serious fuck like you think
the one that gets bridge this story's
just like he's just this giant bloke
with giant Muppet hands very very year
gonzo and Rizzo the rat kind of married
the whole thing
and we get to the ghost of Christmas
past and something like gonzo is just
like you know there's a few cherry I'm
leaving I'll be back after this part cuz
I don't like this great I wanna watch
the screw tube right now Oh Scrooge
that's great it doesn't it doesn't age
perfectly like you know it has Bob gold
pink bro wants me to say something to
steam pink because there's a parallel
Jack can you to say to rich double your
weight gobbledygook would like to send
us a tip and say it's a wonderful life
is my favorite you a theist fuck why my
atheist fuck my favorite I think he just
wanted to agree with you and and make
sure he knows where you stand in his
book you're still gonna burn in hell he
wants you to say something he wants you
to say
well you know you read oh and well I'll
finish up the rest which is the DC
online ps4 but he wants you to say
something have rich say Merry Christmas
movie house Merry Christmas
wait I get to the Train Merry Christmas
movie house
Merry Christmas Emporium Merry Christmas
you wonderful no their lives for I can
see arrested Merry Christmas you
wonderful building alone DC online well
online creation are we ever gonna play
that the DC online from appeal for you
know it's free you fucks well Merry
Christmas everybody
mochi b85 says hello clearance any
chance for another Nintendo 64 stream or
was the console damaged beyond repair
when Mike tried to force the VHS tape
into that obviously you've never had a
ps4 cuz you know it can take a lot more
damage than that no of course we I I
enjoyed the ps4 stream we will do
another one
we have it here you know what
the only thing is I need to figure out
for some reason our our Elgato oh shit
it's really flaky when when we plug
analogue stuff into it like it does it
works perfectly when it's an HDMI video
source but when it when we have an
analogue video source it gets really
played through the streaming stuff so
I'm screwed working out the plugs there
but I'll get there and yes Oh starfox 64
I'll be the tank and lose every time
yeah fact 64 is like one of the few
things the n64 good night yes we will do
another ncc for stream I will make sure
that in the new year in the new year now
reminds me how much cleanup is involved
with say half in the bag when they trash
the set like throwing TVs and bottles
around the corporate rich depends like
it hasn't been in a while for continuity
reasons because Plagueis house is fucked
up and on a mountainside I'm covered
with snow yeah I assume if the house
ever gets put back to normal or normal
spot yeah then there'll be a lot of
cleanup involved but for right now we'll
just look like the end of the last
episode
yeah keep continuity but I'll only move
the set like the amount of broken glass
you can sweep off that floor is amazing
it was ridiculous yeah it was ridiculous
or like after the pixels review just
like cleaning up all the blood I had to
throw away my shoes there was so much
blood on me and rich and I am for for
pre-record and I wasn't the best of the
worst we got we gifted to the studio
we're using them for free rec is these
nice chairs in there
they're thin profile but they're
comfortable but they're also minimal
they're small chairs so you can get all
four of them around a table we said okay
we will gift these to the studio here is
previously recorded if I needed to use
those cares for the pixels reviewing
so now every time we sit in we get a
little bit of blood we are yeah I'll be
right back apparently I have to do
something registers because somebody's
gotta do something there's a whisper
there's a whisper but yeah we get blood
buck every once in a while I'd love to
stay and dance but my ears Al's got a
tight schedule besides if something else
is guarding this thing I got one time
yes I love the man in the high castle
any any shadow can make you care about
the bad guy near the end of that show
like there is a Nazi officer who you are
rooting for but ah yeah and I Castle
great
what I don't know what I'm doing I don't
know what I'm doing
rich I'm fighting a big bug I don't know
what I'm doing so far guys are gone I
can as it turns out I can great someone
asked earlier how much hey I'm the voice
guy I don't mind doing a crazy for
yourself doing good for this shit
what do you sent your call monetary
relativism I'm gonna say 40 bucks one
single $40 or we can multiple people
shipping this is the this is the
important question and and here's the
thing rich I will I will make you stick
to yes 40 from this point on really have
multiple people from this point until we
talk about Stalin
okay well that's the caveat that's the
caveat maybe even then if I'm filling up
doing and then you'll talk in Jimmy
Stewart I mean now I don't want to do
that all right fine 450 total oh I'll do
Star Wars spoiler targets Jimmy Stewart
oh wait Alvin five days where can I get
apocalypse female Fulton warriors with
our own Pantera track I think they're
sold out on Amazon forty bucks if you
fix your phone what's writing the sound
now
turn down the game audio okay it was
right that did just turn down the music
so we got to go to OBS Richwood would
you like to read the later
tip leftover beefcake says for a voice
of your choice the whole stream all
right so jerk we're we're not going on
John get me sure I gotta I gotta shake
Jimmy Stewart every now and then just to
get into the voice right I think you
know what really helps with the steward
voice is um is a stuttering barely get
the words out some fun Merry Christmas
movie
in life I need more life Jimmy Stewart
well you already got to do better at the
game yeah I was doing pretty well I'd
like to say Jimmy I shot I said I'd do
the Jimmy Stewart voice shit and I
didn't say you can call me Jimmy Stewart
oh I guess you're right
Jimmy mcawesome you can gift us steam
games at our email address which is
prereq at red letter media calm how'd
you get it up the boss where he hiding
them oh no you got something else by the
way by the way $40 to get me just by the
way $40 you got me to stop doing the
Jimmy Stewart boy 40 to do in your
normal voices and the crowd is spoken
the crowd is spoken what do we do now
right what do we do now I don't know I'm
conflicted
you you you your refund yeah not like I
feel like you know you said for the rest
of the stream I did I did good and now
someone has offered you know Oh slightly
more to stop it
after you jokingly said you know from 40
more you would stop it I don't I don't I
don't know how to feel here rich every
other sentence in Jimmy Stewart voice
what is the trap thing I think I think
you need to do it for a bit longer
I think we need at least we just need an
hour of Jimmy Stewart to get to get
leftover beefcakes money
money's worth that's what I'm saying all
right there we go what were you saying I
think I think you made a promise that
you would do Jimmy Stewart for the for
the rest of the stream any extra money
be durned if you know if you were smart
you would have you would have said you
know for the next hour what not now but
you said the rest of this dream of
wonder what my place was such that's
where I came up was really 40 bucks
so race what do you think of the game so
far a gaming channel questions questions
what a game just so I can do a voice
only voice I think we should talk about
everywhere gaming channel I should talk
about I think the games are just kind
okay you know it's my breathe it's not
super exciting but oh my god I'm sorry
your Jimmy Stewart's turning into
blinking a little bit for me to default
into play confirmed for five years where
the vibrationally for five years I've
been I've been doing Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy
Stewart for for five murders
there's go natural easy that forest
should get his pick of voice for Jack in
return for his 42 dollars you know that
that would that would be extra dinners
in the I I made no promises of voices
though show on HIV straight by under
night someone like yeah if I'm doing a
voice and Jimmy Stewart over here is
doing his dick like there's gonna be a
lot of confusion so I'm gonna be
I'm gonna stick with me I'm just gonna
be me blanket Stewart now run can't do
it you guys you got to do it you said
you're gonna do it
get moving you furry lady nice got there
got there just makes you feel dirty
about Sonic the Hedgehog in general in
there you know I've never know I like
you know I know that's the general joke
with sound of a hedgehog whole thing
whole series just some kind of furry
white vest and I love the earrings Jimmy
Stewart say that yeah you know animals
is fun anthropomorphic animals are weird
enough so I guess just what you're weird
for me and I'm sitting here doing a
Jimmy Stewart voice uh-huh
that's what makes it worth it this does
take it like Jimmy Stewart complained
about them furries what they're they're
a notorious drug games
tyranny Soros Rex would like to hear
rich read his comments Oh sex say ghosts
and goblins and the Jimmy Stewart short
voice I don't need no no ghost will you
go start over here we don't get any of
that your ghosts are over at Bob's house
and Bob
Yoriko started here they're encouraged
involve the savings loans I've built
your farm we've all work together and
community what nice perhaps that's what
mr. Potter wants
I was a great bit it's a great bit
because it's not me doing the place I
now understand riches like intense
sympathy when I do it boys it's it's
tough some peas the thing of things to
say
I'm trying to feed you trying to feed
you lines it you got out of that one
really well this bike track
why do I go you're working on it and do
my junks just right you got are you got
a bunch off the wall mr. plinkus goes to
Washington absolutely absolutely
for a while there I was thinking about
doing though the first wife is reviewing
characters and whole review huh
oh my sight now I'm Rick why didn't do
that I would have been out of a
measurable you did say that that that
would be a normal which boys I I think
it should still maybe we can get a
little Jimmy Stewart but by that point
you might be dead Kristopher Kringle
vote for for the review I don't know if
your watch I haven't no I didn't watch
the review because I only saw the movie
this morning there's no character again
oh yeah you're just waiting for Michael
J a walk in your so what the fuck are
you doing what the hell's going on don't
know now I actually have to watch their
why you're talking like a bad Jimmy
Stewart hopefully hopefully they say
then look at that thing that's a that's
a great looking in how is my problem how
do you do that attack that's a great
attack that was like gangbusters
gangbusters worked out really well my
fan of musicals not in general you out
like usual I'm a fan of Disney musicals
but in general man and he'll and so
jumping nice nice that's like Jurassic
Park like I like it hug monsters like
that and big hug men through them yeah I
don't know what's going on with your
screaming quality there are different
quality settings is there some sort of
audio thing I sing really are back to
normal yeah if you go more to the right
there's like pickups the he'll pick up
some gem pickups by the way rich KGB ate
my bread would like you right now the
way you are talking to describe a sex
scene between Jar Jar Binks and Jabba
the Hutt what what in fact would you
want that just too soon why would your
stickers toll all over the job as face
but what else is it gonna do yeah I
guess I guess I guess will job um you
can just you can just stick it anywhere
he's got some butt flaps
javis got a lot of body to rub down you
know George are nothing but folds for
your penis
but wait you know I mean Java is a worm
he's just a worm he's got nothing he's
got nothing
what sort of androgynous or erogenous
zone does he have fear like like an
earthworm
yeah if I gave this a lot of thought
yeah so you just think you'd cut him in
half and that's how he reproduces
suddenly on his body
just like the reproductive section in
him too much just rub together there's
something so that's what the sex scene
is jar-jar just cutting job on half and
I kind of like that that's not
earthworms we produce how do you
earthworms reproduce
hey they're worth abides i got i got sex
organs of both genders uh-uh
92 earthworm which can have babies
there's just help to the right see there
you go Jimmy Stewart teaching you about
our sex what else do you want from a
stream that's all you need that's all
you need right there nice jar jar's dick
like time you think well I guess you
know he might have a dick like time he's
like he's a fish guy right
how do fishes have sex they lay eggs
fishes lay eggs so what would happen is
female fresh sushi she lays her eggs
then no fish she just kind of shoot
sperm out of a hole and just just
everywhere but she the female just
sprays her eggs everywhere and then the
male just sprays his junk everywhere and
so what would happen is like Jabba would
get all in the mood and then jar-jar
would go off into a corner and just
spray it everywhere
it would be really unsexy no matter how
no matter how you slice it it's really
unsexy for morpha dice yes I'm very
tired of this yep can we and one jars
are in Java
should you be sure which you mean I you
made a promise
uh-huh we're not obtaining it off oh god
I hope so because I'm sticking it to
this you've you've made a promise
checker or your hardware on night no no
no I I strive to be a trustworthy
businessman and you you've made a
business call I will do it I will do
this service for X amount of dollars and
someone has paid X amount of dollars and
so if you do not fulfill your service
provider obligations I would be a bad
I'd be a bad businessman you know what
rich made a $40

[Part II]
our joking counter promised yeah and K
and uh and ver forea made a tip I
believe in jest because rich made a
promise and we had talks about him
making a promise before end like we
switch off the voice no random voices
like or or that's just kept man everyone
loves city fun everyone loves Sonny Bob
that's a voice I can just do for hours
yeah Jimmy Stewart there's not enough
variety but this voice I think I mean
yeah in retrospect I think Richard have
asked for more absolutely yeah the the
real answer is absolutely you're
probably right about that I got I got a
hundred bucks if it were up to me I'd
say rich has to do the voice the rest of
the trim rich you really need to ask
okay there it is
leftover beefcake the the payer of your
voice has agreed to new voices are fine
okay right that's fine what the fuck is
this I've got a dog lady now but you
have to do it cannot be rich Evans well
this is not rich Evan I'm just I'm
trying to I'm just trying to I'm trying
to have some sort of order in this chaos
of you doing voice links it's got a
fruity game with animals that people
that are dogs and visit men women what
kind of fruity nonsense is this
I don't even think they're dogs I think
there's just general animal human there
Animorphs there's a thing with floppy
ears and it's on the ground like a dog
maybe that's a dog sound like it's
graveling like my wife why is your wife
groveling why do you think she knows her
place
make me a sandwich
wait mirror your wife you are my wife
wait was that that piece of paper yeah
you said it was an autograph just shut
your mouth she said your mouth and cook
me dinner
I guess I have to know this
yeah I could talk ass blanket for hours
just what comes naturally but you know
it's what you do most of the time there
is far too much story in this game yeah
I know they're trying to be fun or
whatever I take it you don't like the
game the story I mean you know I'm not a
fan of the Sonics kids have no patience
for anything anymore just what I could
through everything way to get you wanna
have the hi you won't have that dope you
know what I heard it you know what I
heard it through work I'm willing to to
sit through so much in blood no like it
hi spent eight hours out the street
shooting bugs keeping the streets safe
same murder gets you high shooting bugs
gets me high
fighting crime story mortis creeps like
you can go out the street let it shut
wait so you shoot people so I don't get
shot
vicious circle you have to shoot just
the right people do the rest of the
stream is George Lucas not so it's a
pretty big donation to get me to do
Caesarion barks this wrench please do
the rest of the stream miss George Lucas
be sure to include some picture lift
complaining cloth for swing complain
sounds like there's a lot of people
maybe I was yeah what would you have
changed you know you think you think
you're like more bigger badder or light
saber bomber ahead like a Jedi army oh
okay and they would have fought an army
of of dragon dragon men oh yeah dragon
men with with with spears laser Spears
oh these movies you gotta have like you
know space something yeah okay yes for
anyone just joining us a rich a while
ago made what he thought to be a
ridiculous promise which was that he
would do Jimmy's a Jimmy Stewart
impression for the rest of the stream if
someone tipped $40 someone then
immediately took $40 and he did Jimmy
Stewart for a while like maybe a good 20
30 minutes and and then regretted that
decision and now people are tipping
different things to hear him say
different things I mean Jimmy Stewart
really gone early he's dead no because
he got old
I'll be joining oh that's okay I've got
four billion dollars I mean with a beam
he has so much money I started this it's
America thank you
you know there's a there's a wonderful
phrase called monetary relativism where
you know like you're never quite sure
what any certain amount of money means
Danny certain amount of people and you
know I I think $40 is a lot of money and
we appreciate these tips and I think
rich was going like throwing and the
generosity the generosity of our fans
you know we'll have to it's like half
dinners and a half like spite they want
you to make a fool of yourself
not everybody has probably know this all
these people if this is like half of our
fan base is George Lucas on 20 different
computers oh I'll see what I can get the
monkey to say now how about hold on I
have to log in as leftover beef ginger
Binks it's not a monkey so he said I'm
gonna go buy a really fat Gungan I know
he looks so different that people think
in something else but he's just a fat
golden oh yeah he doesn't look really
different well thank you some kind of
frog thing he does look like a frog my
water to make a frog thing look more
like a frog you know the the the cafe
the 50s diner cafe owner also kind of
looks like a frog that looks like a
telegin once he goes yeah he's a cool
guy I mispronounced it goo goo
googa googa starter Banks is a good a
Gungan or Gungan or Joe's blood telegin
now wishes you to do dan Wilson's voice
for five minutes
that would I mean you have to sometimes
you have a walk-in abortion
oh my god he's cuz you're gonna Dan
Wilson back the mic away from your face
at this I need to I need to focus on
something he saw this very distinct it
into my cousin George Lopez is very
different George Lucas came to town he
was right
he's passive-aggressive Joe horrible
what we mean personal say horrible
things like a shield quite a baby brain
I'm talking about how much joining the
force you know the economy's differently
rate broke box office records George
it's not like a long family records we
I'm leaving adjusting for inflation will
hope you're still on phone they're doing
fine trying to get me down Wilson okay I
can't be with you George
yeah call that's a tough one
I guess a bit not yes it's gone Don
Wilson don't what I got some kind of
magnetron I know I just explode after
doing George oh your uncle trained in
there like I'm gonna know how to get out
of that box
Don Wilson you know what boxes I'm gonna
run a box so I can put my voice in it
there's gonna bring my new thing it's
crazy idea now it's gonna be a better
voice box
a voice box so I can like tone you down
or put you up or something I don't know
one of them pulling you down and put you
I figure people with cancer can use it
on the throat cancer and takes your
voice may come over as I hope it's a box
put people's voice in a box let people
have cancer can have a voice I'll donate
my voice the cancer box they can all
have your voice look called sympathy
Dalton see if we can get him on this
people watch Timothy Dalton's voice oh
girl get them on my speed dial
well that's not secure John Wilson you
got rats blowed you're nearly always
gonna do an axle it's gonna be crazy
cage I could talk about but atom bombs
I'm gonna put an atom bomb the White
House a girl wama to do what I want him
to do as potion what he wants to do well
save the farm I don't think you could
say that at all I think that's illegal
to say I'm gonna put that out there I
know the freedom of speech I know my
rights
you can take away my farm but you can't
take away my speech goddamn it I'm just
pretty sure it's illegal to say you're
gonna do you're gonna harm the president
like everything every voice I do now and
eventually it devolves into blinken I
don't know why we're doing fucking
blinking too often what's going on dan
Wilson's got more of a gravelly quality
than blinken
like this game and all kind of crazy
things happening some kind of purple
thing all there is you're an animal
put it on my wildlife preserve people
will play to see that right there's a
purple animal and talks and has haired
flies around absolutely Dan done is it
Dan Wilson or Don Wilson it's both
goddamnit
it's earners wandering internet I want
all my neighbors and I can't stay on one
thing for too long I gotta change names
constantly they're looking for me
maybe if you stop threatening the
president they would stop looking for it
hey my name is Dave Dave Wilson Braves
Dave Wilson Ronny was largest wildlife
preserve before they closed it and built
the Starbucks now the world's largest
Starbucks I don't own that they took it
all so maybe if you used a different
last name they wouldn't find you soft
everything about that that's my name is
now John Wayne a muffin what I got to
change all my fucking stationery Donna
Wagner stationery all says Donald Wilson
I made mistakes in airing when I was
Donald I kept changing my name
I noticed that wait I thought you were
David now I was last minute they're
really looking for me again the stop
saying you're gonna harm the president
it's a great idea it's gonna work is
stopping harming them yet
don't listen to you unless you threaten
the president that's what I've learned
him like that's neither life lessons
from David Wilson all my great ideas and
nobody listened to me until I told them
I had a gun just a staple gun though
they didn't know I had it in my coat and
rightly stapled my finger to the coat
your word to their gun wait what your
finger got stapled to the coast yeah I
stapled my finger in my coat off staples
in too deep
hey I need to see a doctor yeah I would
recommend I really recommend man but you
don't trust doctors that's the only
problem
well just the medicine Dockers what do
you what do you believe in a god I got
screwed over while a witch doctor once
he said he'd make me immortal then I
almost died
I did die but the doctor the medical
doctor brought me back to life uh-huh
after I fell off the roof I mean only
working on the new giraffe house
wildlife preserve I was both at a really
tall roof then I hit my toe with a
hammer and I fell off the roof okay
I thought the doctor side was dead for
38 minutes nobody's ever been dead that
long I've got a world record
congratulate dad for 38 minutes they
brought me back said I'd never be the
same I think you know what you're
talking about I showed them I made a
video about giraffes you sure you should
show them how's that draft video panning
out by the way sound like gangbusters
20 bucks what 20 bucks for one total
profits
I thought that way that might be how
much you're selling the video for solid
for 25 it's a long story
tag I guess yeah that was you know that
next I'm gonna blow up the IRS then you
cannot say I'm a 100% sure that is
illegal I got a plan say I'm their mail
them a check
only it's not gonna be a check it's
gonna be a bomb I'm gonna send them a
bomb in the mail I gotta find a way to
make a really thin bomb though it looks
like a check I got my scientists working
on it you have scientists my neighbor
Bob he's gonna put some stationery in
the microwave maybe that'll do something
just putting paper in the microwaves
make things blow up I hear I guess you
gotta find a way to delay the explosion
so somebody opens the letter at the IRS
I don't think you can mail them a
microwave I think I think that's gonna
be where your problem lies all right
said we're working on a tiny microwave
letter bomb you and your scientist Bob
Internet you ever science his neighbor
Bob well great wonder he went to high
school he would so I mean where come in
here what kind of science is easy then I
got nothing for that it's ER gonna
please I couldn't go goddamnit why are
you ruining my brick with the world and
you know I'm just trying to figure you
out you there's light there's nowhere
obvious I can take that what am I gonna
say hold back he's a whole big scientist
that's all I got I'll take Oh Mac
have no idea when I was in high school
there was a bomb threat they caught me
though oh you made the bomb threat
I made the bomb you know what you got me
hook line & sinker
there's worth 40 goddamn bugs I think I
think fella god only played paid for
dollar a minute
when I make it Burger King wait I
thought you said you sell giraffe videos
I added something else to make ends meet
I make 20 bucks make a giraffe videos
it's taking time let's say you say you
work at the Burger King you flip the
hamburgers after every turned on
wildlife preserve into a Starbucks and I
had to change my business model okay I
became a hamburger associate a hamburger
associate I make the cows taste good and
how and and you so you feed the cows
special food or I feed the cows my
manager after he's talked back to me I
told him he smelled like a like a like a
thing
I totally smell like it fingers I can't
think of what to say that happens to a
lot Don are you I mean how you feel
right there what happens when you
improvise
I'm just run out of materials
Donald wait a month that's right I use
sera Iowa's largest wildlife reserve
before they turn into our Starbucks now
the world's largest Starbucks oh but I
don't make any money from it because
they took my land because the eminent
domain said they had to build a
Starbucks the better the community
absolutely everybody likes that coffee
yeah you need to get in the coffee
business done what's your name now doc
Danno
now I know Donuts MacDowell walk I don't
know
working on it this soon it's Miguel walk
that's my favorite so far
yeah you got to get on that coffee money
nothing but profit and coffee you know I
think I heard you say that once before
rose beans wanna be cheap means getting
from Colombia
no no she fees gives me an idea
okay I'm gonna sell drugs I'm gonna go
to Colombia and sell drugs I think they
have plenty of drugs there I'm gonna I'm
gonna smuggle cocaine into Colombians
brilliant nobody's done this yet I
always do it the other way around but
you know most Colombians need cocaine -
don't be song with smuggle cocaine into
Colombia that might be brilliant another
thought is I think they have plenty of
cocaine there I'm gonna smuggle it back
in on supposedly empty drug running
trucks I'm gonna say no we dropped off
all the cocaine in the United States but
it's gonna come back into Colombia it's
really gonna have the cocaine still in
the bread truck this is a brilliant
I gotta steal some drug trucks from no
see that's where that's what it breaks
apart a little bit done I'm gonna be
honest with you I'm gonna be really
honest with you I think those drug lords
really like their drug trucks the real
Veon I would like us to know that this
is the congratulations on the stream of
the year I think I think people enjoyed
on Wilson you morio says Don Wilson
making my night thank you
Don has a way Don has a way about it and
figure out how to do God first I was
worried I was worried I didn't know if
you'd I didn't know if you'd get there
but here we are
donning it up I mean do you ever really
forget down oh I mean get Gerald what's
your name now Morty Morty Ferguson
Duncan Morty Duncan Ferguson Duncan will
birth my name is Duncan Robert Duncan
will burn along Columbia's largest
reverse smuggling operation how can I
forget how could I forget about
Columbia's largest reverse because
that's a thing
mr. GAO has something for you where's
your glitch have a happy birthday and
we're sending you a present in the mail
but don't open it cuz it'll blow up but
I need you to floor that that thing I'm
gonna million to the IRS just don't open
it first
you're gonna reset the IRS make sure to
put your name on it not my name
David McDermott David examine don't want
to put David McDermott on it that's true
I wanna find a way to fit a large madman
trying to a Volkswagen Beetle why do you
need a magnetron - OH - because
magnetrons are used to stop like online
people from stealing your movies right I
tried that yeah didn't work how that
would that didn't work I mounted the
movie oh is that why you weren't able to
make any money I'm ready I made a buck I
thought you made $20 I have to sell the
magnetron I got a buck for solo the
magnetron the movie I got 24 uh-huh
after taxes suck it down to 19 oh okay I
get an eye thing I'm with you my name is
John Wilson
I run MIT sir my name is Don Wilson
I run mr. glitches answering machine
largest answering machine Western
Hemisphere you got something to say
leave a message on this device right
bill especial answering machine that
grants wishes you leave a message on the
machine after the beep of genial come
out and grant your wish
as soon as I figure out how to stuff a
genie in this x-ray machine we're
working on that in fact call me and
leave a message on my answering machine
if you know where I can find a genie
I need a teeny shove into this box
it's great it's great idea this
machine's gonna be entirely green it's
gonna be powered by a small chipmunk on
a treadmill
I think that's green it's green means
environmentally friendly done
Furguson chipmunks are environmentally
friendly goddamnit hoes I used to have a
wildlife reserve
there were Chipmunks all over the place
once a week I had to brush the Chipmunks
up the giraffes every idea what size
brush you need to brush chipmunks offs
with giraffe when I had to advance
brushes at home just to hold up my
giraffe chipmunk brush it was 20 feet
long say two men not great the brush
they wanted $15 an hour I had to go out
of business I both the giant Starbucks
and my wildlife reserve they use my
giraffes and their crappy sandwiches you
know what I don't think the president is
coming after anyone I think Starbucks is
gonna come after you it's illegal to
talk that way about Starbucks and
sandwiches Herald bias Starbucks cup of
coffee will cost you $19 as much as I
made off of my giraffe movie
that's yeah yeah yeah uh-huh
why are we still playing this out
because we have no tweet this is what
we're playing this is what we're playing
tonight we're doing this in the end of
the night god dammit you don't like it
you can go watch a PewDiePie what's his
name yeah this guy who's making a
Swedish guy you got faces he's got the
guys who kind of face something was he
do I don't know what a beauty pliers
I've heard the name I think most people
have faces I'm sure not Bob you're not
after that accident your bomb scientist
he doesn't have a face four fingers I
stuck that's okay I stuck some flux into
his knuckles he can operate heavy
machinery just fine use the forklift and
knobs to make my bogs well you know
that's why you're having somebody get
that man some better Forks no I don't
have any silverware every time I talk to
Bob I hold it over him I kind of
resentful I think you saying you only
had two forks flip for it
do you think I just gave one foot per
hand that's what I was assuming each
hands got four Forks and one teaspoon
wait what do you think I'm gonna use a
fork for a thumb that makes no sense
no face that makes you happy
Bob is the saddest story I've ever heard
my entire life and I'm Jake Wilhelm the
owner of Columbia's largest reverse
smuggling operation formerly owner of
Iowa's largest wildlife preserve and
vendor of the giant giraffe shipment
brush I like magnet runs for my hobby
I made a magnet trying for my science
project knives a kid make toast probably
because I built it out of his holster
like glued some toothpicks on my toaster
I thought that would make some kind of
magnetron I said Meg says mr. John
Wilson my name's my name is Donald
Wilbert I called you miss I called
you're mr. glitch answering machine make
formal complaint about your hamburger
patties I believe it contains giraffes
do the hair in my last angry whopper PS
lol suck my cock and it's it's lol fuck
my cock you people keep getting the Brit
wrong I wasn't giraffe fair in your
sandwich where's my wife's hair I ran
out of giraffe hair after the starbucks
used all my giraffes to make their
sandwiches I think that's why they stole
my wildlife reserve I need to draft me
what would one that's my voice you're
hearing iron echo delay do you have this
dream on the computer I shouldn't be on
it's fine earrings fine okay I have a
degree in computer science of them my
darlings working just okay I graduated
mrs. Kozlowski gave me a gold star so I
did all my homework
I don't even graduate
oh here we go oh I've stopped actually
playing the game the chat here on that
hair colors that just nice hmm
I get well I you know rich is screaming
that's how I heard the echo no the alt
tab out of here I think you have the
stream on oh yeah shit that's that echo
been here this entire time what what why
didn't you say anything about the Ergo
god damn it whole screens been ruined
grant do this all again from the top I
hope you wrote down everything I said I
don't remember I remember lol fucked my
cock I'll do that lol fuck my cock I did
that part everyone wants you to skip
story mode they're too impatient I
thought I did really for the these last
couple of stages I've just been running
to the right I have not been paying I
haven't even been paying attention to
the level I've just been running to the
right and so far it's working
gangbusters no I'm saying we're all tab
you roll quick I hope your dad forgot
so corrects I've got a pause button I'm
gonna invent pause button that pauses
reality something you want to get shit
done you can just stop time and hit
pause
I think Adam Sandler stole your idea for
a movie of his look I can stop some cats
in to my alarm clock that ought to do
the trick
cats mall radical
collecting data mr. creepy it's a queen
queen Oh
one sec we do how many how many months
well mall rat Cole has been subscribe Oh
mall rat cow I got some times I can't
say names I can't say my own name
well I keep changing my name other than
that and the people who are looking for
me like the IRS and lower the IRS
looking for you because I owe them four
dollars for my giraffe video that's why
I gotta blow them up Billa Here Come
Billy heck I whatever your name is
Dumbo heckum and grand off thank you for
subscribing
Kenny whack bar really appreciates them
because that's my name titty what did he
work for
that's my rap name I'm decided I'm gonna
go under the rap game you're gonna go
into the rap game now I could say words
I can say words and stick some Pink
Floyd music in the background
give me a dr. Seuss book and a copy of
Dark Side of the Moon I'll give you a
number one hit how do you run there's a
button you gotta hit the button there's
a run dirt your magic meters gotta be
full oh she runs on magic huh
why could I not do this Don help me area
oh is it because it's just a circle and
it doesn't go anywhere no everyone what
can't be right are you just you're not
doing it right
apparently not yeah run faster stop
interrupting me when I'm making my rap
album I'm looking for my copy of The
Lorax I'm gonna trigger I can sample
lyrics still a little that makes it okay
if I call it a sample it's true
that's exactly how that works when I
make my new rap song Bohemian Rhapsody
Kurt in the Hat Oh No fuck I hit the
restart button use your a name
thank you for subscribing for the last
14 months asshole
what happens if I sample a rap song yeah
then it's called a remix is that one you
hit like infinity yep
you put it you put it I guys like a
never-ending tunnel sampling my sample
to sample yep then it's called a mixtape
it's a real thing that's a real thing in
the rap community
what about your sample a whole song and
call up my song can I make a million
dollars yes yes you can go down go I'm
gonna sample the entirety of stairway to
heaven I'm gonna say yo first though so
it's a rap song I just you know I don't
think that's how it works done I'm gonna
I'm gonna be I'm gonna be real with you
I want to be real with you I gotta do
something yeah turns out Colombians just
make their own cocaine I you know I
really thought they did done I wasted
millions of dollars I'm in the red how
are you where did you get those millions
of dollars fortunately it was illegal so
I don't know the IRS anything for it but
they won't put me in jails they find out
this isn't being recorded right nope not
not even a little bit not even a bit
debt neutral yeah thank you for
subscribing 15 months in a row I can't
believe somebody's been subscribed as
long as there's all these people hurt
it's madness madness your madness
you ever think about that what yep so my
doctor said I told the fuck off I didn't
have time to put on the straitjacket I
had to run my wildlife preserve I'm
starting to think this wildlife preserve
never existed
it was Wyoming well what was all of
Wyoming was my wildlife preserve that's
just a state that's done that doesn't
count I claimed it was in Iowa for tax
purposes
maybe that's why you owe so much money
to the IRS did you ever you know get it
together
that's right captain it brick I have a
goal I like this for like an hour now
I never needed any drugs couldn't use
the drugs I'd be using the merchandise
then I couldn't move in Colombia like
ordering seafood in a coastal town you
get a whole bag of cocaine for like 20
cents in a coastal town no that's that's
just seafood and uh I don't know cocaine
in Colombia it's like ordering seafood
I'm like a dark know if you're gonna
have YouTube you reach them the barrel
and you pick up like a mackerel and
you're it's yours
head over run away when they're telling
you to stop and there's your mackerel it
cost you nothing
well that's so Ari that's called
stealing done what the stealing there's
a couple stream pitches for you
dumb Domanick dumb antics
thanks for Laughs Jensi says merry
Christmas to all and to all a good lol
fuck my cock pizza train 11 says happy
holidays guy this stream is the best
president give us best present someone
can give me as rescuing my wildlife
preserved from Starbucks
I heard they grow coffee in Colombia
maybe I can get some kind of deal going
tot a coffee for cocaine or I can import
coffee into Colombia nobody ever thinks
to do that well I don't think I don't
think you need to do that because they
have so much coffee there exactly it's
not expected ok little big little make a
fortune
that was a long chase which you're gonna
have a sore throat tomorrow I got a sore
throat now motherfucker what about pizza
train did you read peace train I read
that one hugger we think I'm incompetent
you know I'm not a you think I'm
incontinent yes
I haven't kind it's called America love
it or leave it
nailed it nailed it that's a good job do
my Kristopher Kringle go there a little
bit oh yeah you know I haven't seen that
episode you know I don't watch anything
else but I'd let a media producers right
I've never oh oh there it is
his wife made sex toys she's a country
bakes cunts
my wife is a fucking cunt who makes
literal fucking cunts literal fucking
cunts I mean every one of my daughter's
is a whore a fucking whore
so my wife is a is a is a fucking cunt
literally makes fucking cunts and also
she makes fucking cunts she literally
makes fucking cunts that's a really good
bit
nobody yes it was a great bit but nobody
noticed it because Star Wars what one
comment on that bitch really that's
really funny people people you're
missing the goal here at Star Wars but
ours
that's true rich but Star Wars I'm so
done with this game
speaking of would you like to have a
conversation about Star Wars at that
point I think so okay I'm done with this
game hi-yah hair flip hair flip okay hey
everybody
so before before we leave before we
leave the people who haven't seen Star
Wars yet thank you everyone for coming
out thank you for the wonderful year I'm
not gonna be back for another stream
this year because of holiday madness so
thank you thank you everyone for coming
out thank you everyone for supporting us
and we've had a lot of fun and we really
appreciate you coming out every week
that's right I'll try and get a little
stream in like a soul stream but hold on
the super Star Wars spoiler time starts
soon

[Part III]
I'm starts soon shut up
so yeah you know in a little bit here
rich and I are going to talk about Star
Wars The Force awakens spoiler all
spoilers we're just going to talk about
the whole movie because we've both seen
enough Ritchie's gonna go back and you
have if you haven't seen Star Wars when
I get back yeah turn the stream off
immediately that's true that's true
as soon as rich gets back we're gonna
start talking about Star Wars as soon as
rich gets back we're gonna start talking
about Star Wars all the spoilers all the
spoilers yeah yeah you got you got a
little peek in it and that rich booty
that was that was a that was a unique
true my I really you know I wasn't I
wasn't around for Don Wilson I wasn't
there that episode and so all I got to
see was the episode and I remember
really enjoying that so being here with
Don Dan Harry whatever his name was so
you guys are going to maximize your game
window it should be maximized Oh
maximize our window sure yeah I guess we
could do them put ourselves
I'll tell rich to do that when he gets
back oh yes you're right
talking star wars spoilers remove game
update okay it is updated we are now
just talking Star Wars spoilers that is
what we are doing thank you crack
cocaine for suggesting that we change
the title of stream to reflect that we
are now talking star wars spoilers
tyranny source wrecks we will talk about
that yes but we're not we're not there
yet but we will talk about that very
specific thing rich and I talked about
that earlier rich yeah your first your
first job now that you're back is to
take us in the OBS window and make us
fullscreen how do I do this go to and go
to edit scene and now click on face cam
you could if you just a nice background
you think it's nice Wow well then just
turn the game off if you wanted to turn
the game off up up seeing me I'm on a
slight delay my aunt and my slight audio
- what game has a nice just starting
screen I don't know John kylo would like
to let us know to have a nice Christmas
and New Year decorates Thank You John
Keeler you as well thank you John kylo
okay okay we're huge now yep we're here
we're huge oh there you go
oh no remember this doesn't work oh
that's right we had issues with that we
had so many issues with this it was a
that was a fine idea just find a picture
and no god oh no rich yeah yeah that was
dumb rich there's a way to fix this
there you go
I tried rich tried look I have others
which one do we want anything that says
the Star Wars that's all we need
anything that's and that's not a dost
game you can't play it you can't play a
DOS game spoilers my own starts our Wars
spoilers start soon heads up everyone
and then by the way once rich and I
start talking spoilers yeah the chat is
free to spoil anything no more no more
spoiler robe we haven't started you know
the stream ends well probably do movies
of course of course until the stream
ends and then well then that's that's
movie dicks then they they rule the chat
when we're not here
but I'm just I'm just letting everyone
know like as we talk about spoilers
we're getting rid of our no spoiler rule
obviously for everyone not just for us
yeah well this game close the game won't
end it refuses to die I'm sorry rich I'm
very sorry
guys we're not talking spoilers yet
we're not talking yet we're not doing it
yet
okay almost that we're almost there
that's fine it's fine great yeah if you
just wanted to just turn all the game
audio off just if there is anything I
did oh great okay ready
spoilers first Star Wars starts now
right now we are talking about Star Wars
spoilers yeah let me make the check
bigger make the chat bigger close OBS
and make the chat bigger cuz that would
be smart okay okay
you know people who have watched the
review know how you feel about it why
don't you kind of summarize your
feelings about Star Wars The Force
awakens Star Wars movie what do you want
me to say where do you how do you what
does the chant wanna know I don't you
know what I liked it as I guess what I'm
saying I I watched it this morning and I
really enjoyed it I'm okay with it
yeah I'm not I wasn't super hyped to
begin with right I love the theater
thing yes but what I was expecting not
of the Star Wars movie made by someone
other than George Lucas yeah yeah I
guess I could see that there were um you
know what I guess we can start what we
can start chatting about is people are
you brought this up to me I didn't even
know about this yeah yeah is max landis
friend of red letter media yeah I'm
gonna call him that because lamb
apparently is upset at Star Wars because
he called Ray's he's upset at something
specific yes he he made up I don't know
if he made a tweet or whatever it was
but he said that he thought that the
character ray mmm-hmm was kind of a Mary
Sue okay and what he's upset about
specifically said people were calling
him sexist when that's not true at all
the care
Mary Sue I did not know what a Mary was
when I first heard that my gut reaction
was no she's not a Mary Sue now and I
thought about it the man has a point
okay explain to everyone what a Mary Sue
is a Mary Sue is is a character that's
just kind of perfect okay
I know originally it's it's it's like an
author insert character okay like if I
were to write a Star Trek script and
send it in to Paramount and my episode
of Star Trek would introduce a new
character
ensign Evans who is just really super
smart graduated top of his class and
he's good at everything he does on the
ship and all of the previously
established characters oh they all just
get along with him just fine and they
love him sure that's a very super okay
okay and and so the criticism yes Neil
Neil Breen Neil doesn't Mary Sue Neil
Breen is his own Mary Sue that's really
funny
so the criticism is that Ray the the
female lead of the movie is good at
everything she does and everybody likes
her all the same yeah
we're just pretty much true yes now some
of that I were talking earlier some of
that I think is really justified like
for example her being a good mechanic
that makes sense because she grew up
collecting junk for a living she's
reflects mechanical part she needs to
know what's good what what's valuable
she disassembles things she works with
machines a lot that makes sense that
makes perfect sense and the other thing
that made sense to me was she knows how
to fight yes to me growing up as a young
child on a hostile planet if you're
gonna make it to that age you probably
know how to fight uh yeah so like to me
that made sense there is one thing in
the movie that makes no fucking sense
and amazingly suddenly she can fly the
Millennium Falcon with precision and
balls now this is a character a whole
character she wants to stay on the
planet because she thinks her family's
gonna come back for her she's never left
but she's never wanted to leave the
planet right so when would she fly how
wait
did she know how to fly a spaceship
before has she ever flown any spaceship
before so that makes sense it doesn't
kill the movie for me
no it does mine have you got a color I'm
Mary Sue and yeah that's that's yeah
adds a couple of point that's a good
point yeah
it is like I I don't what are her
character flaws her character flaws yeah
okay like like what's good was compared
to Luke sure what is what is Luke good
at and what is Luke what was Luke not
good at in the original movie what was
he not farm boy Luke what was he was he
was he especially gifted at anything
well he was they said and you know you
and I have different records yes I
remember people saying that he was a
really good pilot I don't remember
anybody ever saying that Luke was an
exceptional uber talented pilot he could
pilot I was he was a pilot Chad I think
I think not Chad I want the chat to
confirm with today's I'm gonna say this
first before yes chat though of course I
think you're just getting confused with
the bit where obi-wan says that his
father wasn't the best pilot sure and
when I'm remembering and Chad helped me
out is someone later on when they're on
a rebel base is like vouching for Luke
as a good pilot and says that he was oh
you did this and this as a pilot so I
want to say like it was a one-line
reference to Luke being a good pilot
somewhere on a rebel base somewhere but
somewhat someone's saying best pilot in
the outer-rim territories okay yeah yeah
somebody said that obi-wan says that he
heard Luke was a great pilot I mean you
can argue that Luke isn't a perfect
character cuz he's kind of reluctant to
embrace his destiny but you could say
the same about Ray I think I that well
and see okay I gotta stand the firm and
have one more season cuz I mean he's
reluctant to to get his ass in gear and
do what he wants to do Luke's biggest
flaw as a character is his naivety okay
right catch of course is also the thing
that gives him his optimism right sure
sure
I would argue that Luke like Ray has no
true flaw at least conferring a new hope
to expose awakens and that it's true
that ray doesn't really have any flaw
but that is in theme with the Star Wars
universe okay and so it's like could if
you if you wrote her differently could
she been a deeper character could you oh
I don't know I think and I like I think
I like the character before I go any
further oh sure
so I think she could have been a deeper
character but this Star Wars deals in
broad strokes and stock character traits
and so her just being so simple is in
tow with the universe
now we can both agree that she is the
protagonist right yeah oh absolutely
yeah I I wonder if this series of movies
isn't gonna suffer from what I call the
Kim Possible effect the Kim Possible are
you familiar with the cartoon show Kim
Possible I have heard of it I've never
seen it I know of the Kim Kim Possible
is it's like it's like a James Bond only
it's teenage girl and she's a
cheerleader and she's super smart and
she's super athletic and she kicks
everyone's ass and she has no flaws
okay she's perfect and she does
everything right and with little effort
okay saves the day little effort her
sidekick is a bumbling teenage boy who
is sometimes afraid of things she is
kind of a fuckup he's kind of a klutz
he's kind of dumb but ultimately from
what what came up Kim Possible episodes
I've seen I end up rooting for him I
like him more than her because he's the
underdog he's gonna get behind oh come
on you can do good Ron stoppable and I
feel that way about Finn I find myself
rooting for Finn more than rage is
because he's a schmuck when when when a
schmuck stands up to power like Finn did
against kylo Ren how could you not root
for that oh yeah yeah no he was great
like Finn's whole thing was great I
loved that that was the start of the
movie but do you think it's possible
that Finn could steal her thunder
does my virtual of by virtue of her just
big to perfect well Finn
he's the boob but in the end he tries to
fight against the evil right now Finn
has more personality Finn is the Han
Solo of this movie he has a personality
and his character arc happened soon on
and so we're with him throughout the
whole movie whereas I think they're
gonna try to unfurl rey throughout the
trilogy and so what's gonna happen is
it's the same as what happened in the
first three which is Han is the cool one
Luke is the protagonist Finn will be the
cool one ray will be the protagonist
okay okay just that easy something but I
I love how they started the movie I love
him turning you know like us being there
with him on his first mission and him
seeing the horrors I love the visual
reference of the blood on his helmet
yeah that was so cool you know just a
way to make him stand out as a storm
visually I guess we've seen a little bit
a new hope we don't see much blood in
Star Wars usually the only blood I can
remember in Star Wars is when obi-wan
cuts off the armor the end yeah yeah
that's the I guess that was more a lot
more blood so yeah that's just kind of
weird I'm not used to saying no there's
more blood in the force awakens I think
than in a new hope no in general oh yeah
there's a lot of blood in that severed
arm there was a lot of blood but I mean
there's blood on what's his fuck the
pilot when kylo Ren was torturing him
okay you know I think there was more
blood gobbledygook says was fin a little
too cool to be a stormtrooper yeah well
he was raised by birth by a fascist
space military to be a Marine maybe he
should have been more cool like ray why
wasn't she the hip one to be fair III I
think that Finn was always the runt of
the Stormtrooper litter right like he
said he was the janitor yes I do
thinking back on it and you know you you
we should try not to think about Star
Wars too hard because it's supposed to
be simple but thinking back on it Finn
was a wise Kraken a little too soon out
of the gate how many wisecracks were
there he seemed too jolly he was a
little too
he almost he almost he was so bumbling
he almost doesn't seem like he belongs
in the same universe that Rey belongs
him he well it's big but being on-screen
together it's like they both want to
push each other out of existence
no it's goofy no it's serious no it's
goofy no it's serious oh and see I think
they played well together that's uh yeah
as what's our wars needs it needs that
levity to make sure people understand
it's a fun adventure it's boring it's
borderline totally inconsistent but I
still I did like their pairing honestly
well it could have been it like with I
think with a less talented director
it could have flopped either okay but I
think Abrams knows how to it knows how
to work with actors and he played them
well against each other okay I think
tonally he's against his own character
were like um like gobbledygook said this
is a person who has been raised from
birth or from whatever he was stolen as
a child to be a stormtrooper and he is
like having fun from the get-go and
being boisterous and being what he like
he almost seemed out of character as
soon as he got in that TIE fighter with
Poe he's having Faye's frightened for
most of that until he actually hits
something you know what I saw a lot of
him is a lot of Spider Man I don't I
don't see the excitement that you see
though he spends most of it just scared
and really well not not excitement I
guess like hearing be with me was
spider-man for a second so the reason
why spider-man wisecracks so much is it
nervous energy right and that's what I
saw in Finn a lot is a lot of like
pent-up nervous energy from this scary
situation ok zin and so that's it like
but but it seemed weird that I don't
know like I'm I just thought the ones
this morning so I can't remember any
specific wisecracking but it's that's
what his character seemed like to me why
is cut rockin hmm what I need what I
never saw a super Aiden
I think Finn kind of steals the show
because he's by virtue of being flawed
he is the more interesting character
he's got a he's got a real arc yeah yeah
he does
and it's good razor Ric is just kind of
generic embracing her destiny that's
neat it was neat no but she's the base
yeah he's the base you build the story
around but he has Finn has a demon to
slay in the movie yeah
you know that was nice it was nice
wasn't it nice and simple wasn't it good
like you just knew what was happy he's
gotta stand up to the horrible people
that race him yes yeah he wants to run
from it at first it's a good it is it is
can I talk can I talk a little artsy
fartsy stuff that I loved go ahead can
you can you guess the artsy fartsy thing
that I'm going to talk about and then up
top my head so so what's the one thing
they mentioned I'm about they're like
the light side and the dark side is like
meeting the light right and of course we
have ray I the ray of light mumbo-jumbo
mysticism probably probably gloss over
the bumble bumble with Jimbo mystic and
it's like I you know artsy fartsy stuff
you know what I like what spaceships
shooting at each other that was pretty
cool pretty nice they start to lose me
whatever it's in the spirituality of the
forest and flows through you I did like
that that TIE fighter scene that first
like them trying to steal the TIE
fighter it's not great and they got to
like The Corrs
oh god the cards shoot not the inside of
the hangar it's great that's so much fun
no the their their mega Death Star what
do they call it the planet star killer
base the star can one reference
reference to thing the star killer base
is a weapon of the dark side and where
does it get its power from the light it
gets its power it has to steal the power
from the Sun it has to steal the lights
to power the forces of darkness isn't
that great I think that other artsy
fartsy bullshit I wouldn't I think
you're getting artsy fartsy err than
they intended no that's definitely it
was it was it was definitely artsy
fartsy with kylo Ren during the spoilers
so I guess it's all spoilers no spoilers
now there's this is the big one yeah
when when kylo Ren kills his father han
Solo
yes right right we're gonna have that
moment like just come back to us come
back to us yeah the sun's getting darker
a second light from the Sun that was
artsy fartsy that hope but that the
darkness one and then he stabs Han Solo
literally that's that whole that whole
scene is about like I think that scene
it was definitely intentional but no but
that's that's all part of the thing is
like that was their countdown of like
bringing that you know not letting the
lightness snuff out and like oh let's
have our weapon steal the Sun and it'll
get darker throughout the scene that's
totally on purpose artsy fartsy shit
that I loved I fucking I you know like
and it's it's cheesy but I don't know I
felt right it felt right kind of cheesy
ya know by the way this is why they
don't invite me too many half in the
bags cuz gonna talk about her hmm do you
think kylo Ren has a strong motivation
for his actions I think he has an
interesting character and it's
interesting precisely because he's the
anti Darth Vader yes Darth Vader is
powerful evil and menacing and when he's
on camera it's just intimidating kylo
Ren his character is that he's the
wannabe yes he's not as intimidating as
Darth Vader but he desperately wants to
live up to that yes and people have said
was he were the mask that's why he wears
the mask he wants to be like great he
wants to be intimidating yeah
like Darth Vader like his idol like
grandpa Mike had a point about Emperor
Snoke okay like that's the intimidation
is almost like a theme like he's got
that giant holographic can't just be a
normal-sized allograph he's got the
giant intimidation holograph posturing
yes the same thing is going on with kylo
Ren where he's trying to be that that
intimidating absolutely but he's not
really but as a character he's
ultimately a failure at being what he
wants to be that's his that's his
character oh sure and like as a bad guy
I have no idea why he's a bad guy but
I also don't care because at the same
time in in a new hope I had no idea why
Darth Vader was the bad guy he's just
the bad guy yeah that's the kind of
movie this is why is it all with all the
information that you can glean from a
new hope why is Darth Vader the bad guy
I'm still I'm sure they'll give you an
explanation later and one of the other
movies just of ye turn - sure sure what
but what they're doing with this
character and the wannabe Darth Vader
nests of it it's interesting it's it's
making for an interesting character I'd
yeah more so than an interesting villain
and that's fine sure cuz I'm sure at the
end of the day by the time we get to the
all three of these movies the real
villain is gonna end up being Snooki's
don't you Sookie you know what Nonu be
the lens flares were not overly
aggressive I'm I'm expecting kylo Ren to
have a face turn earlier than Vader did
oh yeah you were talking about that I'm
expecting to see that the team up with
Rey earlier into the third movie yeah
like they after they have to join forces
but not just like one scene joined board
that's what I'm predicting I might be
wrong that's I think that's a fair
prediction yeah I also I really liked
him as an actor he had a weird-looking
face and I liked looking at it it was
interesting pitiful but he's supposed to
be pitiful mr. Bibbs
mr. Riebe says I don't think that makes
rent interesting I think it makes him
pitiful and comical even even when he's
whining before killing his dad he's he's
supposed to be he's supposed to be
pitiful he is not Darth Vader and that's
like that's literally where all of his
aggression comes from his bit in the
next film was gonna be him doubling down
after getting humiliated and failing to
live up to Darth Vader yeah he's gonna
be twice the prick
yes and that makes him more like Darth
Vader is a great villain I predict that
the end of the second movie is is gonna
be him failing at that to us it's gonna
be when he starts like this evil thing
just did not work out for me so it'll be
kind of like these like a like the exact
opposite of the original trilogy where
you know
Luke was in shambles yes could be yes I
think but but like if you can pass kylo
with with Darth Vader Darth Vader is a
great villain he's intimidating he's
unstoppable he's he's powerful in a way
that you can't understand mmm not
necessarily a good character he's a good
villain
he's a good villain kylo Ren not a great
villain but a great like entry like
there are facets to him that Vader is a
good character by way of being a good
villain but I don't think you need to be
a great villain to be a good character
we're going to weird place we're going
into semantics semantics you're going
into character semantics but I I never
understood and I still don't understand
why I'm just saying I don't know that I
go as far as to say Darth Vader isn't a
good character he's a good character
because he's a good villain he is not a
he's not a complicated character okay
that's fine
that's fair that's fair so I guess the
weekend oh we can all agree on that but
Catherine why is evil I know nobody
knows well maybe we'll find out maybe
who knows but I stole an interesting
character he's still an interesting
character there are hints at parental
issues and you know evil dad here's an
honest question yeah do you really think
that Han Solo would be a good father I
was I was talking with Jack earlier
where there's a there's a there's a
great sitcom in like post Return of the
Jedi
Leia's kind of lays kind of in charge of
the new government and Han Solo's like
the the first husband and he's just a
fuckup he's like he's like doing things
with like the government money hey Bette
hey Ben hey Ben honey I need to borrow
your piggy bank for a second I got a
great deal I got a great deal on some on
some slightly used blasters I'll get you
that money back in two weeks I swear it
been like Han where is the Galactic
social security fund
don't worry Leia I'm on it we'll make it
all back make it all I got I got the
greatest swindle we borrow this money
we get the dilithium crystals we sell to
these guys at Half Price tell the other
bit to this oh it's gonna be a great
scam
mr. Chou shmell thinks he tried but
ultimately failed as a father yeah sure
that's what that's what would happen
with Han Solo yes yes and then you know
they got nervous and so they tried to
send him away so other someone else
could deal with it and like I get it it
just it doesn't his evilness just
doesn't quite jell as a character but at
the same time it doesn't really matter
because it's a Star Wars movie remember
that it's a Star Wars movie how do you
feel about him being named Ben whatever
we are named boo boo boo boo I mean
they're gonna picked any random Star
Wars name instead they chose something
that we're familiar with oh yeah I get
that yeah it's fine and I mean Han
didn't really wasn't that close to Ben
but you could you could argue that Leia
was because she know who Ben Kenobi was
she wanted to find him for the Death
Star so Leia may have it may have had a
deeper connection with obi-wan I I
believe she did that's how she knew were
like where to find ya you know she
trusted him with the rebellions most
vital secret yeah and Ben played a giant
role in getting Luke there and Luke
ultimately you know how saved the
rebellion like ya know Ben would be a
familial maze I'm fine with that I know
people are upset fuck you it's fine it's
fine it's all fine
what would you prefer his real name to
be like if if you know like cuz you know
he's called Callahan and then all of a
sudden my like Han goes Quincy no you
gotta pick a weird Star Wars oh sure Oh
plot - ha ha ha and then everyone goes
did he just sneeze you call him Ben it's
got more emotional way to I mean no
Chewie named him after Chewbacca Chewie
no bacca bacca
itchy-scratchy that is a grandfather it
G it's even in Jeju bakas father bitchy
what if he was half wiki and then we cut
to box wiping a tear away from his eyes
we did a half wiki evil Jedi doubt right
no I think Ben D I think Ben is really
appropriate and you know if you think
about it even in the movie like han has
that moment when he's talking to Turay
in the Falken and he's like I didn't
believe it either I thought it was a
bunch of mumbo-jumbo but it's all real
like he like you can tell han has
changed like and so meeting Ben was a
big deal for hyung do you think like
that's what started Han at the time I
don't think Han gave his shit though oh
no not at the time but like think about
him as a father looking back on like how
his life changed I don't met Leia
he would never met Leia without Ben I
gotta say I don't think Han Solo would
be sentimental about that I'm done I
could see the Leia being sentimental sir
and I'm sure she probably named him with
that without Ben Han would have never
met Leia Han Solo would say yeah sure
name him whatever you want
babycakes where's your slave girl bikini
it's baby-making time I thought your I
thought you were like adjusting to do a
bit oh no I said I just don't like the I
don't like the concept of the Jedi's the
force I just don't I
I hate the fact that these normal people
these heroic people like people like Poe
Dameron who's an awesome character and
Finn they need a Jedi to save them
because they can't do it on their own
hey I want to see the underdog regular
human beings facing down these horrible
force wielding monsters as human beings
first of all yes second of all this is
probably unintentional artsy-fartsy this
is me thinking about it too much but
doesn't that make you love Poe in this
movie yes it does okay so Poe I'm much
more suspenseful when normal people are
facing
these powerful monsters so Sopo escapes
from the first order mm-hmm right crash
lands and and we follow Finn on his
mystical journey but Poe also had to get
back to the rebellion somehow and I'm
sure had a great adventure right but but
we only catch up with him over here and
he's like back with his unit and doing
like republic shit and that almost makes
me like it like there's a parallel in
the movies right where the the Jedi is
not concerned with like Republic matter
or this matter like that they're they're
these like mystical beings right like
remember the Emperor just like I yeah
because they're mystical beings but
there's this world that's happening
around them that Poe inhabits and that's
why I loved him in this movie where he's
just off doing his own thing I'm back
with the rebel fighters not shoot shit
hey I remember you
but they were off having their own
adventures thanks he suppose a great
character pose a great cake yeah I'm Poe
but he needs Johnny save him because we
need the force we need a force bridge we
can't do it on our own
we need we need these gods we need these
gods to save us we can't do it on our
own
now they would've don't know matically I
think the Star Wars universe is just
horrible
possibly we need our betters to save us
now Oh bother I don't think that's fair
mo bother is writing something in all
caps and being very sarcastic saying Poe
did you see me shoot that thing yeah fan
I saw you shoot that thing and your name
is Finn best buddy hey if somebody just
saved my ass by defecting from his
government I'd be a bit I'd be a
runaround adrenaline at that moment that
man is my that man is my best friend
right now because he stopped me from
being tortured by a monster who can
choke you from across the room and steal
my thoughts and steal your thoughts from
your brain and and then this guy saves
you and then is also shooting his
friends while you're flying a ship and
helping you he's risking his life
fuck fuck yeah you are my best fucking
we are hanging out every day that you
want to if you don't want to that's fine
but we are hanging out every day you're
at least going to buy him a cup of
coffee afterwards device inner fucking
excited about it absolutely
all the time yes and you know what you
see him later at like also helping you
out like fighting the bad guys in you
bomb in a city you're still fighting the
bad guys Finn fuck yeah high five chest
bump
brofist all the way all the way Leia is
the only one who actually does useful
things yes yes by the way Han went back
to his life of lowly smuggling Leia
continued her role as a general it's a
little bit off-putting for me that it's
just both Han and Leia they're doing the
same exact shit they were doing in 40
years I know they excused it in the
movie we went back to doing what we know
but these characters have not really
changed at all okay but it was weird
maybe that's why they've failed some oh
you know we're talking about Poland just
what's what's gonna happen in the future
I was just wondering what what the hell
are they going like the second one right
obviously raised on her little Jedi
journey raised gotta go on her Jedi
journey what are they what do they do
with Finn I got a feeling we're gonna
see more of pol because Finn has nobody
to talk to
it's gonna have to be Poland they're
gonna have to go on some kind of
adventure wouldn't it be great if Finn
and Poe and I'm like a buddy-cop
adventure I half expect that to happen
well okay so we can we can expect these
to be slight copies of the original
trilogy based based off of this one this
one is a pretty good copy of a new hope
right yeah and so in Empire what do we
have we have we have Luke splitting off
doing his Jedi thing off doing their own
thing in space off doing their so that's
exactly what's gonna happen
Poe and Finn are gonna be off to him
they're gonna be on the mission to do
this or that they're on another on us
well what was what was their mission
what was Han and Leia's mission to
escape it failed oh that's right they're
escaping off without a hyperdrive
that's the
complication I forgot like I was like
why were they even in the asteroid
fields because they were escaping off Oh
Lord you forget you forget these things
Finn and Poe are clearly the new han and
chewie while Chuy's still there
oh no I guess Chuy's going with Ray oh
no he doesn't have to
well hey gonna do whatever the fuck he
wants he's got the Millennium Falcon
he's got any no more life debt that
might not even be canon in this though
hey they they knew Clete you okay oh
good so she might not be a slave anymore
yeah I think yeah Chuy's gonna go back
to two lumpy and start being a real dad
for once suppose suppose han left in the
Falcon in his will are we gonna see a
half you neural scene opening like early
on and the next one I am really
surprised we didn't see one they they're
really happy they're really they're
usually all about they're like people
and fire funeral scenes no he kind of
blew it up he was on an exploding planet
by the way he's super bloated of life he
went into the melting pot and then the
melting pot blew up like he'd double
blue doubles no probably not then if
there's no body to bury
yeah also as as lame as the idea of a
new Death Star is yeah isn't it kind of
dumb just to blow it up right away don't
you if you're gonna reintroduce this
concept don't you at least want to keep
it around as a threat that's looming
over the trilogy so when they finally
blow it up
it's oh yeah I mean what are they gonna
do build another other Death Star for
the final movie it's even bigger where
does the Empire plot go from here can
it's the it's its star killer gas giants
blows up galaxies it's lame but if
you're gonna have it keep it around so
there's something big to blow up in the
climax of the trilogy oh no they blew up
five random planets once right and then
we don't see it again until the final
attack I don't I don't think JJ Abrams
understands how
far apart planet sir no remember in Star
Trek 2009 when when they dropped
Spock off on the nearby planet so we
could watch the destruction of Vulcan
and Vulcans like giant in the sky yeah
planets are very very far very far very
far that does not matter in a Star Wars
movie and you know that but now you know
I just that the the oh god I keep
forgetting it's got the terror planet
the terror planet star killer base the
star killer base Luke Skywalker's
original name Luke Starkiller it's gonna
be circular that's right it's a
reference oh well it's fine
it's technically it's a star Cody makes
sense that was the most neutered
MacGuffin I think I've seen in recent
movies we barely see it we barely we
don't we don't have any connection to
its destruction right like with a Death
Star
Leia is looking over her home planet oh
my god it's her home planet the planet
gets red that's a huge deal the here
that kill planet is like oh we see
people for two seconds and they die who
cares who are these people maybe they're
all rapists I don't know maybe he killed
race rapist planet they could have done
something I could have done anything
else anything else anything else what if
they were going to keep it around
because it's both then then then like
that one of the new the new Empire the
reverse order the first order at least
there's like of running plot structure
that we're doing well and by the way
that would give them time to establish
like why this thing is so awful also
what the fuck is the political structure
there's there's there's a there's a
republic they mentioned a republic yeah
they blow up course on tour not chorus
on tour course not replacement or
whatever the fuck it is so there's
clearly a republic government right but
there's also a resistance and the Empire
where there's a resistance that's what
they keep calling the the new rebels are
called the resistance through the whole
movie the resistance yes
Oh what are they a resistance from why
aren't they just the Republic army
wouldn't wouldn't the
order technically be the resistance of
the it makes no sense
didn't they well they they mentioned
like calling in the Republic army right
no I don't think they do I want to but I
guess here's the real thing so like
talking about this like political
structure what people are called
technically speaking going off of the
original trilogy that stuff doesn't
matter right like if we look at a new
hope they talk about like it's it has
finally happened we have dissolved the
Imperial Senate and that's the only
mention of like power structure yeah so
so none of this really matter as Mike
pointed out in the blanket view you know
you can get everything you need to know
from that open shot big big ship from
the empire right in charge of things
little rebellion we we know what the
structure of the galaxy is empire in
control of everything good guy rebellion
fighting against it now I don't really I
know there's different factions I don't
know how they relate to each other how
much how much power does this Empire
have how much power does a republic if
we're gonna go why is the resistance
whereas a resistant just like in the
Empire territory so that's why they're
not a fully I don't know this is the
Republic not have an army yeah and if
they don't have a stupid they mentioned
they they specifically mentioned calling
in the Republic army so I believe the
resistance is a wing of that but also if
you're going off of that there is that
shot this there's nothing inherently
wrong with space politics it's just the
prequels handling it all very poorly and
it didn't make any sense in the prequels
that doesn't mean you have to avoid
talking about the political structure
entirely I don't think enough enough you
didn't enough so I know what's going on
would be nice maybe I don't know yeah
again like if you go back to the
original you got give you good guys when
you got your bad guys that really
matters and if you're gonna go off of
the plane key review and like that
original shot we get a very similar and
wonderful cinematic shot of the first
Republic engulfing a planet the black
ship engulfing the white it's the shadow
hovering over things yeah exactly and so
is like you
get it again where it's like it is the
darkness oh my god it's the darkness
covering the lightness don't see farty
schmuck its artsy fartsy bullshit and I
love it that doesn't explain what the
resistance is or or what the Republican
oh why does it matter because it's
because I'm confused because I'm
confused it's it's adding it's adding
another cog and I'll agree with you it's
adding another like the resistance isn't
quite you don't need to go into detail
you just need to give me enough to
understand what the universe is like
that's all you need that's all I need
all right you know you need one line of
dialogue that says Republic's been
losing systems to this new order that oh
okay so there they're rising and then
there's the resistance that is probably
in the old territories that would be
that would be it like one line like that
would have been enough sure sure yeah
we're losing systems to that new order
every day we lose more systems yep okay
the resistance is probably oh whatever
yeah because it rhymes right bit well it
is they all will be they will be very
similar in structure to the original
movies and that that's what we know for
sure now this was a force awakens was
very similar to a new hope structure
except for longer but much much longer
it didn't feel long to me I did have to
take a bathroom break in the middle I
was smart enough not to drink a ton
before I did I saw morning showing Jay
had a call Jay missed the Jedi
mind-trick scene oh dude he had to go to
the bathroom
he missed the Daniel Craig cameo that
was Daniel Craig really Oh fun yeah
that's fun I really like this and you
know like a lot of people I went when
you were describing when you were
describing the whole like her being like
really good at things the way I've
always forget her name ray she's a ray
of sunshine she's a ray of light of ray
of hope in the world
somebody stop him no never I loved her
figuring out how to do that Matt I Jedi
mind-trick I love that scene Luke wasn't
much different Luke wasn't much what was
his training he had he had like two
hours on the Millennium Falcon with with
obi-wan with the little shooter thing
and then he had like what a day or two
with Yoda I think he was I think a week
a week maybe a week yeah we maybe maybe
a week with Yoda but I mean that's all
and then all the training that's all the
official training Luke ever had because
everyone was fucking dot dead after that
yeah unless force ghost Yoda came and
taught Luke four years afterwards and
hey Luke
did you know Luke it's the Jedi just add
water right the thing that if they like
you know you brought up like she learned
for stuff really quickly and that's
that's where a lot of it what is it
called again which her character being
good at everything
Oh Mary Sue Mary Sue her being a Mary
Sue I don't know if that if at night
necessarily counts with her being good
at the force all the time because every
time she like learned something from the
force it seemed to be reactionary to
kylo Ren mister shy smell do you know
that or is that just speculation on your
part that's not explained or was it
explained in a comic book I mean you can
think that it might be right but they
could when you're watching the movie and
you're speculating and you don't really
know if it doesn't say it in the movie
it's not it's agile but or at least
strongly implied would be nice right you
don't have to be a nerd to care why a
fleet of x-wing shows up you need to
know well no we know why because someone
called that lady called the resistance
and then the affiliate of x-wing shows
up Oh bother if you're bothered by the
bread scene I think that's nitpicking
come on it is it is space there is some
science-fiction elements to the the
universities he doesn't like the the
instant bread scene I was cute just cute
things great then you know what she's
collecting his food and she's she's
she's doing what she does she can eat
yeah that was it that was really cute Oh
bother you let you be nice but in any
case I I think her learning of the force
was appropriate yes you know I know you
don't care about stuff like that but I I
think her learning of the force is
appropriate because it reminds fine it
was defensive it would be nice if she
had some kind of mentor well that's what
that's because Han Solo kind of was that
role he was the mentor he's a poor
mentor he's a good character but he's a
poor mentor yeah yeah here's here's the
thing I I
it's movie logic so I get it yeah but it
bugged me that everybody was super best
friends by the end of the movie like if
it's crying when Han Solo died he's a
scummy smuggler they just met they just
met Han Solo that's sad but he dies but
it's sad for us because we know who he
is because we saw the old movies like
Rey and Finn oh that guy that guy we
just met he's there now we better keep
moving that that would have been the
honest reaction that sucks let's get out
of here yeah I guess that's true yeah I
just met you like I understand why Finn
so attached to Rey it's the first woman
he's ever seen well captain phasma we've
never seen her they they can speculate
what's under there but they don't know
that could just be a you know what do
you still be really willing to risk his
life for the first woman he ever met it
feels like it works as it works in a
movie launched out you oh how old how
old is he in the movie give me an
estimating something sure you were you
you spent the first 20 years of your
life surrounded by men I think it's a
stretch to say that he's never seen a
woman before I think that's a stretch he
spent his life scrubbing toilets on a
moon gun yeah he's here I'm not gonna
deny he had a very unhappy life this is
probably the first friend he real friend
he ever came close to having he's the
first person who the first one was nice
too but I'm saying like and you know
when you're on the moon gun
bass everyone has to wear their
stormtrooper outfits remember he got
yelled at when he took off his
stormtrooper outfit he's never seen
another human person hmm she's a pretty
lady and that pretty lady is nice to him
she's my best friend forever I love her
I want to be next to her all the time
oh is that true phasma is a Breen from
Game of Thrones oh that's great then I
hope she's great whatever was a man
character by the way as someone who
didn't follow the spoilers like I didn't
really whatever was happening yeah I
know it's gonna happen I'll see what's
in the theater III wasn't hyped about
that character I just saw one of like a
promotional imagery - okay that's the
thing I'm gonna say but by the way it
didn't bother me baby didn't have a big
part based off of the promotional images
and like all the toys of her yeah and
like she said one thing like she had
nothing to do with the movie same thing
with Boba Fett exact same thing with
Boba Fett you know so true you true you
true you're right oh brother
Oh bother would like to tip us two
dollars to make sure we know that we are
absolutely terrible at detecting sarcasm
Oh bother you have to do this kappa it's
text it's fucking text and you ain't no
bother you know how crazy Star Wars
people are you know you're crazy I don't
think you understand the kind of crazy
shit we read all the time have you have
you heard of Jim Raynor I think that's
the guy who wrote the wall of rebuttal
oh there's some crazy out there Oh
bother and there and thank you see that
face that's kappa that's kappa and
that's the face you need when when you
post sarcastic stuff so we know and
there's christmas kappa - III have a
theory if you took that that jim raynor
yeah and you gave him a brain scan
mm-hmm would it look identical to like a
brain scan of like a fundamental
Christian talking about God would it be
would there be no difference would you
be able to tell them apart
Jim Raynor talking about Star Wars and
the fundamental was Christian talking
about how yes the earth is only 5,000
years old yes the Han Solo
second because that's what George Lucas
said dinosaurs were on the ark and
dinosaurs around the ark but they got
kicked off because they ate the unicorns
and that's why we don't have dinosaurs
or New York ones the Stormtrooper who
freed ray when she's it yeah oh yeah we
mentioned that that's that I thought
that was neat I did I didn't know that
but I think that's cool and what a great
scene I just love that you will really
speak and open that and leave that door
open what took her it you know that was
a that was very akin to like you know
starting the motor on your car and it
doesn't start that first time it was
great I know those neat scene I really
like the movie I'm gonna go see it again
I'm gonna go see it again without
children come on the opening crawl said
first orders risk from the ashes the
Empire will not rest to the Skywalk
unless Jenna has been destroyed with the
support of the Republic general Leia
leaves a brave resistance okay why does
the Republic need to support a
resistance why doesn't the Republic use
the Republic army why do they need a
resistance doesn't that doesn't matter
okay that doesn't matter okay it says it
in the text thank you thank you frosted
ambassador that's what that's what the
okay I think that that does a pretty
good job yeah yeah that does a pretty
good job you know so they're connected
the route I don't yeah it's weird that
they have two names it still doesn't
make much sense to me I think you know
where's the first Republic army I want
to know where the Republic army here's
here's the real reason why don't call
the resistance is because they were
called the rebels in the oh yeah yeah
whatever
oh no I'm not saying that's that makes
it okay I'm just saying like that's what
they were doing like oh yeah because you
know what if we call them the Republic I
mean people be confute wait are they the
stormtroopers now that was the Republic
army good Jack's I'm crying no my
children were great my
I have I have groomed my children to be
quiet and respectful movie goers and
they really like it you know why because
they get a big bucket of popcorn do so
they just don't talk their face full
popcorn my children are very respectful
in the movie theater but you know like
if anyone is a parent out there and you
are in a movie theater with your kid
part of your brain is you know like I'm
them like in case they need something in
case like they're talking and Kate like
in case they'd do anything part of your
brain needs to be there so I'd like to
see the movie one time without having to
worry about the children's mr. shy smile
that is not true at all mr. shy smile
says I think three Pio's red arm is a
metal gear solid 5 not because JJ and
Kojima are quiet are quite friendly no I
don't think just some sarcastic
there is no kapa what happens with Luke
and right now he trains her he trains
her and we by the end of the movie we
find out that he's her father
that's gonna happen do you think it'll
be bad yeah I think so
i I mean I I wouldn't deny yes I think
it's going to be that obvious yes
alright hey guys this is from Jedi fan
fan 421 hey guys can I say that kylo Ren
is basically how Anakin should have been
handled in the prequels also Episode
seven really brought back the fun of
Star Wars sure you can say that and
Jenna fan I I agree with you that it
really brought back the fun of Star Wars
I thought it was a great action movie
like a great little action movie in
space there was some fun stuff in there
there's some fun stuff in space how they
should have handled Anakin I think let
less fun guardians of the galaxy with a
better climax and better characters yeah
it's great I think by the way that's a
really great way yeah guardians was more
fun characters and star wars were better
the climax wasn't near as lame oh yeah
they caught the climax in Iraq
hold the rock everybody will hold the
rock no we're gonna hold the rocks and
hold hands let's let's crash into the
ship that's our plan our plan is to
crash into the ship and we're gonna
shoot things that's the clever plan we
came up with now let's hold this rock
and hold him and the power of friendship
will save the day you ruined that baby I
you know like that's the hard part it's
like how Anakin should have been dealt
with right I don't know I think this is
a I think the the good thing about kylo
Ren is he's a different character he has
his own issues to deal with I don't know
I can't I guess I can't speak to that
I'm sorry but I agree that it was a very
fun movie st. millions st. million says
we thought Finn was going to be the Jedi
but they bait-and-switch to us I don't
think Rey is Luke's daughter was it
really a baby switch am I kidding me and
Mike weren't the only ones to say like
almost instantly
oh no that's it's gonna be the girl it's
totally gonna be the girl who is the
Jedi of course so okay so they so it
wasn't like a bait and switch it was
just obvious to anyone who thought about
it
right I think so I I figured it out like
and of course like just watching the
trailers and Finn's reaction I knew
immediately that he's a reformed
stormtrooper I knew that before watching
the movie absolutely Oh Finn Finn is
gonna be a reformed farm trooper boom
you see him in the stormtrooper outfit
you see him given weird looks for the
rebel people I I did think he was gonna
be a rebel secret agent oh really yeah
oh no I thought he was gonna like some
covert thing oh yeah
okay no I I knew immediately because
they have that he has that looks with
them in the on the airfield which is
fine because I like what they did with
Finn in the movie so no complaints I
miss my movie with with my mediocre
expectations being exceeded I feel
really happy about look the greatest
failure of the prequels was just garbage
emotional emotionless characters that
you don't care about yeah either
emotionless or childish now we have good
characters that you can you can do
something with and you don't your mind
you're not gonna mind seeing them again
yeah like everyone who thought like only
attack of clones it could be better I'm
like well no because we know that
characters we have now and the terrible
characters you get you can't do anything
with that that's what we're stuck with
we have a shit base and regardless of
the fact that I don't love this movie
there's stuff you can work with to make
a fun it's better sequel oh yeah so
blueberry I don't know blue blueberry oh
wait first
first of all Pizza train how do you
think Rayne Johnson handles episode
eight and who's rain Johnson what did he
do I don't know I'm sorry I'm terrible
with me I have no idea here's here's the
thing though here's the really really
important thing is um Disney is in
charge of Star Wars you know the
important thing is what how will the new
Star Trek show word out is it gonna be
Locke or is it gonna be like genuine
Star Trek that's what's important
well I mean what's important is other
things like I need eggs but Disney is in
charge of Star Trek directors they're
gonna come and go Disney's in charge but
blueberry brings up an interesting point
that I'd like to talk about did you guys
talk about how odd it was for them to
tell us who kylo Ren was instead of
saving it for the confrontation between
him and Han Solo no because then then
people would be bitching about the the
lame reveal like Empire had I would have
rolled my eyes
yeah yeah it would have been back had
they revealed that only at the end it's
like oh no no like make that not a
secret make that just part of his
character it would have been like the
most predictable secret ever - yeah
everyone will rolled their eyes no no
that's just part of his character and
it's okay that we know oh that's the
reveal oh just like Empire they couldn't
do that no and they were right I think
they did it right they didn't run let
let us discover that with yeah yeah
that's good that's good
you know I know one thing you wanted to
mention before we wrap it up because it
is I think we've been talking about Star
Wars for an hour
is the abundance of cgi characters they
have you have some beautiful practical
effects yeah and some horrible CGI some
horrible things like the CGI spaceship
stuff that's all fine of course but I
like that character I'm gonna call her
Maude Mothma I know it's not her name
like like the broken age character a
broken age thank their mugs something I
like your character well enough but
she's just some horribly distracting CGI
the CGI lady with the just use a person
you use a person it's okay to use little
people you know and the the Cthulhu
monsters and Han Solo ship as fun as
that bit was the monsters looked awful
they looked terrible
they looked horribly out of place as
compared to everything else yeah do you
guys are part of an outfit that made
hours of videos boiling down the
prequels on Star Wars I grew up of
course you can copy the originals what
what mr. Beebe's I'm sorry I think I
joined that conversation too late but
anyway if you think our problem was that
the prequels weren't the Star Wars we
grew up with I don't think you really
watched those videos we talked about how
the characters are awful not how the
characters aren't like the characters we
knew necessarily just that they're bad
characters the bad poorly written
characters and the pacing of the movie
and the story structure of them the
sitting on the couch
everything the boring shots there the
shallow lightsaber fights that are just
videogame fights oh you know what
speaking of that I really like that end
lightsaber fight everybody had a
character thing going on in that fight
everybody had a thing for Finn it was
just standing up to the horrible regime
that that oppressed him his whole life
for for Rey it was embracing her destiny
and for for kylo Ren it was dealing with
his Darth Vader insecurities right woman
who humiliated him it was personal well
and just like the the actual of the
physical fight itself where it's like
where Finn has been trained as a soldier
so he'll know how to a lot of swing a
sword you know and so the fight was a
little in you know of a ray of he does
get his ass kicked and oh sure but the
fact is he was standing
up to the power that are pressing that
was a great moment and like ray doesn't
know how to use that sort and so most of
her fighting technique was literally
like
people are bitching that she handled
herself well in that fight to be fair he
kylo Ren was in the scene previous shot
in the stomach by a wookie beau caster
and he they made a point that he was
horribly injured they oh they showed the
blood dripping from him and really she
liked their there there were moments
where I think he was trying to toy with
her he was trying to do the dark Darth
Vader thing until her force got awakened
and then she could handle herself it was
it was satisfying because of the
characters and they didn't need to flip
around and jump over lava pits
mr. Bibbs you're so incorrect mister
bibs I don't see a cop in there mr. Pibb
says yes I did watch the Star Wars
reviews they boiled down to I didn't
grow up with these Star Wars mister bibs
you're horribly incorrect that they take
time to point out a series of technical
flaws in the movies that explain why we
don't like them technical flaws that the
force awaken does not have the force
awaken has has different problems like
it's it's a light movie it's I still
think it's very good because
further and for the record it does copy
episode 4 a bit much for my taste I
don't I don't love the movie oh no you
don't I like it I like it a lot I think
I like it more than rich does but but
but mr. Beebe's I you know I we I guess
we'll just have to disagree there's no
technical and thematic flaws thank you
King logon the King Lama do you think
Harrison Ford was relieved to have been
killed up I think he's been waiting for
this for 30 years
that was a contractual obligation on his
part not relieved that he needed to be
like no this is it he wanted he wanted
to die in Jedi yeah he
he's been saying that not just recently
he's been saying that for years that
they should have killed me off they
should have killed me off Lawrence
Kasdan wanted to kill him off and now
that Lawrence Kasdan is writing a movie
the hansel agreed to be in of course
they finally killed us all along that
was the least that was that was just so
unshackle sure yeah what I say it's
better than Jetta it's different you but
you can't it's better than parts of Jedi
but parts of Jedi are also better than
it's Jedi if you could separate out like
the Jabba's palace stuff was great
the throne room stuff is great well I'll
take most things in the force awakens
over like the indoor stuff well and
they're also like they're very different
feels the movie like you know that
movies can handle action a lot better on
a sci-fi level now so the action in the
force awakens is much better and I like
action movies the actions much better
the all the flying stuff is amazing I
think I think Jedi is an odd movie and
that parts of it parts of it and work
very well and then other parts of it are
just miserable failures like I think I
can agree with that but it's you can't
you can't really compare movies 30 years
apart I think how do you feel about
excessive coincidence because that's
that's a pet peeve of mine like the ship
they get in oh it's the Falken just they
happen to get in the Falken oh they get
in the fucking five minutes later oh
they just happen to run in on solo and
then they go to a planet to get the map
to the rebellion oh the planet just
happens to have Luke's lightsaber that
stuff annoys the shit out of me
you know it's my personal storytelling
pet peeve and I can't fucking stand it
and Star Wars destiny Fame fucking lazy
excuse to to me it all depends on how
closely related to reality the movie is
Star Wars doesn't give a fuck about
reality like fate and destiny are
writers tools like that's the only thing
there they don't exist in real life it's
an excuse it's an excuse an excuse and
as long
it's a fantasy movie go go for it
fucking yeah that's your destiny great
oh you you ran into Han Solo because
that was your destiny yeah I don't know
I don't care as long as they don't stick
on it too much and blow some shit up in
the meantime I'm fine with it
dick neutral wasn't it neat that they
brought genuine humor and scrappiness
back into Star Wars but do you remember
what r2 was flying around those jet
boots and things were slipping around in
oil remember remember when Jar Jar
slipped in the baby
well the humor never left
no I this is rich and I were talking
about earlier with the with the Finn and
Rey back and forth Finn is is a is a
scrappy goofy not a goofy character but
you know he's gotten his quips he's got
his things
he makes the jokes and I like them I'm
trying to I trying to think of anything
specific and nothing is popping out at
me but uh you know like I mean but it's
not like small character stuff like just
like finn and bb-8 like finn trying to
convince a droid that the droid needs to
lie for him that was really funny thank
you it was cute and a thumbs up was cute
and you get the little fire thumbs up
adorable and i think this is one of
those things that the movie needs to
make sure that it doesn't get too heavy
it needs to be a light movie action like
going back to the our predictions video
no crank did oh you know what I never
actually saw that because I think I
didn't want to I don't know how the hell
he called bb-8
we're talking about r2d2 and bb-8 okay
so who's gonna be the comic relief
what's what's be akin he said it was
gonna be a blend of both he's gonna be
both the the comic relief and he
competent r2d2 character and Mike was
Mike was totally right about that I
don't know if that got edited out of the
actual video that went up but Mike Mike
totally nailed the character of Evie yes
like to a tee hmm yeah I suppose also
like the whole like our 2d 2 thing I
don't understand like r2
being gone and the nice back whatever
like but it doesn't matter it's just I
don't know I was waiting for there to be
like a logical reasons yeah like Luke
programmed to go into sleep until such
and such happened or like like ray
touches him and like the perforce power
wakes up now he's just like I'm awake
now I wake now emergency see all the way
to fuck you right like that oh that's a
great one research I smile like when
Ray's trying to fix the Millennium
Falcon and keeps pointing at different
tools and finishes like a picking up
piece of duct tape
small little things it's great mister
glitch thinks r2 was the same blend
I thought our two is just much more on
the whole competent was our to ever like
goofy r2 always knew what to do and was
brave r2 was the brain you can see it as
goofy because he's a little droid but
well it's like he was the brave one the
goofiness was just his noises right his
noises are goofy I don't remember them
playing r2 for comedy like like in the
same way that three c-3po was the comic
relief was r2d2 ever blatantly comic
relief no no r2 is not blatant count
really I think the cop I think much like
Chewbacca or any droid where they beep
and someone talks back to them that's
comedy
yeah that's lightheartedness and I think
that worked
it's r2 like so he had comedic moments
but no he wasn't the comic relief
account be with you there bb-8 bb-8 was
only count like bb-8 never fell down in
the poopie but his big comic relief
moments was just in people understanding
what his beeps meant names were
scrolling fast I'm having trouble
reading him the Oh electrocuting Ewoks
mister go yeah he's got that going for
him but that's Jedi and that's murky
territory that's less him being silly a
much get the fuck away from you Ewok
you filthy Ewok he did what we all
wanted to do logs for ayam just fry a
mess and you hug me when r2 tried to
steal back the ration from yet
okay mild mild goofiness mild yeah but
in that scene Yoda was the comic relief
yes I guess I guess our two which is our
two was the straight robot he was like
if it was r2 and Yoda r2 was the
straight man no I know Luke needs that
to eat you asshole oh I know where the
Jedi yes we're talking Star Wars
spoilers it's listed in the title of
this right now
talk about bb-8 and how awesome that
robot is and how it moves the story he's
a fine MacGuffin in that regard not a
MacGuffin like what do you he's exactly
like r2 in a new hope as far as how he
moves the story yeah he's the MacGuffin
her Tuesda MacGuffin exactly it's fine
no it's fine and he's cute and I like I
like I I don't know if I'll ever get
tired of that bit of like people
understanding what beeps and growls mean
and that was another really fun moment
with Finn we're like bb-8 is beeping at
him and finn goes I don't speak that and
you're just like oh
not everyone can speak that that's fun
there was a bunch you know what there's
a bunch of cuteness in this movie and I
liked that I liked when the bb-8 was
spinning all around the Millennium
Falcon and then he shot out his little
grapple hook and he's like whoa it's
such a cuteness
what else what else do we have to talk
about my doctor did we talk about the
bad CGI yeah we talked much about Han
Solo dying does it find us let's find it
you know it's sad you don't want to see
Han Solo die yeah but I'd I know he was
gonna have to I I did not see that
coming oh yeah I don't know if you not
see that coming cuz I could I get into
movies I don't I don't think about
movies when I watch him I just watched
him I saw that coming before I started
watching the movie oh yeah no III as you
know what I didn't see it coming until
he
walked out onto the platform and then
it's like okay this is happening but now
that got me let's see here Jen I've had
four to one one last thing I thought
force awakened executed a familiar story
very well while the prequels executed a
different story very badly it was a
great bridge from the old to new trilogy
a different story babe I'm not sure I
understand that Jedi fan but was he
saying
I thought the force awakened executed a
familiar story very well while the
prequel didn't didn't execute it as good
as the original bit well I wouldn't say
it's better than a new hope it's hard
you can I mean that the fourth third
40-year old movie of their their their
bumbling around for a large chunk of
that movie without a clear direction
that's the early part of the movie it's
fine it's fun whatever but there's not
we have to do this it's all we got a run
from that they're very different tonally
I think this one's a lot a lot more
lighthearted I found myself smiling it
out a lot more and knew what New Hope is
is and this is why it's hard to this is
why it's hard to compare the two is
because of that older style of
filmmaking a new hope is a very slow
movie and this one moves you know it
meanders but it moves it moves in
circles but it's you know a great bridge
from that ya know this fits in I think
this fits in very nice with the original
trilogy as far as I'm concerned the
prequels don't exists and so it's a fine
bridge Rob Vader 12 says my local
theater isn't showing hateful eight
because Star Wars sisters and some whale
movie are taking up all the screens is
that just bad luck bad planning or what
I I had heard somewhere that Star Wars
was not giving their movie to theaters
unless theaters agreed to give up a
certain percentage of its screens yeah
to Star Wars hmm which I mean that's
where they're making their money anyway
but why wouldn't they they
exactly but you know some theaters want
to devour diversifying that can't some
whale movie I mean that poor whale movie
that's time the it's just a bomb and a
half it might be a fine movie Ron
Howard's a great director but it's just
not nothing I hear good things about
sisters I don't care what about the road
chip yeah the whale movies a huge huge
bomb Jack talk about like in the sense
to you I do like the censor I really
enjoyed it I had a great time in the
movie theater that Anthony Daniels
acting come off as bad to you there are
a few lines I really cringed in the
rebel base who's a c-3po
he was probably mad he didn't have a
bigger role I've heard I have heard I
don't know how true how true it is that
he's a huge arrogant asshole
so it could have just been a fuck this
two lines oh I have to get in this
outfit for two lines I doubt he was in
the outfit yeah no you know what I he's
a he's a robot he does the robot voice I
don't know I'm assuming he was phoning
it in back I mean yeah point possible a
FRA Turkish would like to tip us to ask
us a question what do you guys think
about kylo ren's cross lightsaber
actually being useful to stab Finn with
the sides it's fine it's fine
I hate it this lightest lightsaber look
this lightsaber is a whole thing and his
lightsaber is janky like he is exactly I
think I said this in the half in the bag
the the problem isn't the gimmick
lightsaber the problem is like Darth
Maul having a gimmick lightsaber in
place of having a personality yes kylo
Ren has a lightsaber that kind of
matches that personality is flawed it's
janky it's not quite white right trying
so hard and why don't you love it it's
and you know like that
that was really great like what when
again he and and Ray are starting their
fight and their lights say like their
light sabers start really close and you
can see the perfect straightness of
Luke's old my saber and his light sabers
just like Margaret it's like barfing out
little redness thing it's great I think
I think you put it very correctly it's a
reflection of his personality yeah it's
appropriate it's appropriate
of course like scientifically or
whatever it doesn't make sense but it's
a Star Wars lightsaber doesn't make
sense exactly so don't worry about it's
fine it looks great did you guys notice
when the film grade popped up Darth Maul
only had three lines exactly Darth Maul
had a lightsaber in place of a
personality yes you gotta get him
something to make him stand out yeah
he's got a thing that's got two blades
he's uh that's character you've got two
blades on your light saber he's no edge
you're angry you want revenge for angry
revenge now your character wants to do
flips you've gotta get it flips you're
very good at flips can you do now why
don't you love me grandpa Vader exactly
yes yes kind of greats his whole schtick
fanboy you called him a Vader fanboy
before today you did I don't not hear I
think we were talking about it
downstairs okay and like you're like a
Veit he's a vader fanboy and it's like
yes that's exactly like all he sees is
like the awesomeness of Vader you know
like he can't see the flaws or like he's
a evil prick or anything and whoever
that giant alien hologram is used that
to turn it was great fine everything's
fine he was fine he's angry
I liked the actors character choice when
kylo was beating his oh by the way I
liked that too much but you know like
he's he's shot he's bleeding right and
like to pump himself up oh yeah
punching his own it's like oh shit yeah
and he's like oh I deserve this that was
I'm with he hates himself he hates
himself yes he's a good character yeah
he really is I don't understand why he's
evil but that doesn't matter I'm sure
we'll find out I'm sure we'll fight no I
I know like I said I'd also it doesn't
matter cuz we didn't know these things
about those characters in the original
Star Wars movies or so would you rather
lightsabers were real or hoverboards
hoverboards hoverboards what are you
ever gonna use a lightsaber for real
you're just gonna accidentally cut up
all your shit swinging it around your
room you're gonna accidentally kick
you're gonna cut your flat-screen TV in
half yeah hoverboard then again the
hoverboard you're gonna fall off and
break your leg yeah so you don't just
put another six of one half a dozen of
the other you need you need to be
covered with hoverboards hoverboard
hover you could probably move the thing
heavy things with your hoverboard being
really easy
it's like lifts your couch on your
hoverboard movie and you wouldn't scrape
up your floor oh I want like three
hoverboards that'd be great
butchers with butchers would hate a
lightsaber they would caught they would
burn all of their meats oh you cook as
you slice would this be the best like
cooking implement ever Thanksgiving
dinner you just take a raw turkey and
you carve it so butchers butcher's would
hate lightsabers because they would ruin
all their delicious meat chefs chefs
would love you would have a light sit
light you could oh you could like take a
cut of steak and make like a beef flower
a bloomin rib eye oh my god that would
be amazing that would be amazing
no yeah but for like uh but like could
you imagine like slicing oh but oh if
you could do it fast enough
a fresh-baked loaf of bread instant
toast Tyrannosaurus Rex says cutting up
the computer is a is the tantrum of a
petulant child who feels powerless it's
character-building you fuck yes yes
sorry
he's talking to someone else in the chat
when kylo Ren goes nuts and he just
starts fucking everything up it's great
yeah it's great
he's a whiny little child which makes
him the anti Darth Vader Darth Vader is
poised when he like except for that one
fuck who he almost kills in the
boardroom all of him but he doesn't do
it with a tantrum no he doesn't calmly
just calmly and controlling you don't
believe me fuck you know like all of
Darth Vader
that was a demonstration not an outburst
yes but everyone below Darth Vader is
fucking scared of him kylo Ren like
other people are just like a fucking
kylo it's you can't even find a droid
I mean is he even part of this battalion
why is he here who's in his command and
mine just googled the lightsaber
toasting knife nice no I really like
that oh you know speaking of little
comedy moments when kylo is cutting up
his computer and sparks are flying a
piece of fun then you see this -
stormtroopers turn the corner I have to
rewatch that I heard about it it's like
it's goofy another one of those things
were like they're turning a corner and
they see kylo messing up a room and they
just turn around and walk right back
around the corner shabby Orange 101 says
I it now feels anyone can use a
lightsaber who has read any Tolkien
books but it now feels anyone can use a
lightsaber who has read any Tolkien
books who would have deserved taking the
saber in the entire series of films to
make their character more fulfilling
shabby Orange are you using a Translate
software that doesn't quite grasp the
meaning of what you're trying to say I
think he's mad that Finn used the
lightsaber briefly Oh anyone can use a
light saying it's just a tool it's
that's can't that's canon cuz Han Solo
used a lightsaber and uh oh you got the
tongs huh
yeah the town open anyone can use a
lightsaber a Jedi chooses to use the
lightsaber as his main weapon how
basically anyone can use it I have snuck
is bad deteriorating Palpatine clone or
a puppet used by Skywalker it's like
Snoop Skywalker's not gonna be evil it's
just that's just not gonna happen
especially with the ending we got yeah
that's not gonna happen no he's gonna be
he's gonna be the the Yoda
as far as Snookie is he's certain he's
probably gonna eat it in this who's
gonna die in the second well who died in
the second movie I'm not sure if you
need someone to die in the second oh no
Yoda died in like I'm getting them
confused I'm not I'm not sure what
they're gonna do as far as that goes but
we what do you think what do you think
is gonna long going on with Emperor's
Snookie here's one thing that I think do
you think do you think sir finish that I
was gonna say one thing I think
everybody agrees on is he is not that
big
oh yeah yeah he's gonna be small he's
gonna be a small small man and that like
projection of him as big is good
supposed to be it's supposed to be a
reveal or whatever do you think he's
gonna be that stupid Darth Plagueis that
trained Palpatine he's mentioned didn't
like once and Revenge of the Sith I
killed my own mess no no no else is that
gonna be someone new it doesn't fucking
gum or or yeah or okay I'm listening
is it the what was left over from the
Emperor and he and he uses some sort of
force magic to live on as it he will be
able to a tiny creature his personality
seems to different the emperor was
always joyful and being evil now you
would watch your friends die the
personality is student that's what made
the ever own fun ever was he was an old
man who wasn't bitter because he had
everything he ever wanted and he just
loved being evil
reveling in his own reveling in his own
power and awfulness yeah no I mean no I
don't I think he's gonna be a new
character a new evil guy you don't you
don't think they're even gonna reference
that that name that popped up once in
the prequels they they had one prequel
nod in the whole movie right what was
what
the one in the in the entire movie
mentioning clone troopers they mentioned
like well you could get a clone trooper
battalion if you want oh no we don't
want them yeah I've heard I've heard
like the flags hanging up at the one MOG
Mothma palace we're from one of the
prequels I'm gonna parade or something
bud I guess that's how much I don't know
about the prequels that's what I've
heard I don't know
oh that would be great if it was Lord
Voldemort yes it's that that's Lord
Voldemort he's crossed over he's crossed
dimensions from the Harry Potter
universe into the Star Wars universe and
the whole thing is actually a commercial
for Lego dimensions mm-hmm
poke Alex in the eye to things of know
kylo Ren has others do his killing
except max versus except for max vs and
Han Solo who's max thanks I don't the
old guy at the beginning of the movie
thank you I don't know names he so he
orders others to do is killing also Ming
the Merciless in the Flash Gordon movie
I'm on the other thing oh yeah nice also
the first thing r2d2 does when he wakes
up is insult c-3po oh yeah I know I've
never gotten the impression that r2d2
likes are to tolerate c-3po and I don't
think c-3po realizes this right like
like remember that droids are slaves
like and everyone knows that because
like they talk about the droids masters
right they just happen to have the same
master all the time yeah and see you
know RTD feels like yeah yeah you the
c-3po you but fucking son of a bitch and
Threepio is just like oh you kid he's a
kidder he's a kidder I think that is
good that is fun to know
r2d2 is he's a sassy four he said he's a
bit of a prick he's a no-nonsense prick
and that's okay
clever you know what what did patton
oswalt call what is totally happening
what no I said oh my fucking god
Patton Oswalt called it it's happening
it's totally happening no captain I
didn't understand your Baltimore
comments I just I went off on my own
thing because he kind of looked like
Lord Baltimore yeah I don't know Harry
Potter I know I know I all I know it was
Voldemort so Harry Potter thing that's
good man Harry Potter bad guy and he's
like a weird deformed bald guy with like
a white face he looked like this alien
looks a lot like Voldemort no Cup is all
you need to know know and I see some
people still referencing like the light
the lightsaber anyone can just pick up a
lightsaber and turn it on that that has
been canon since I guess is that was
there was there like a book somewhere
that said you have to channel forest
through it does that happen maybe the I
don't carry shit if it was if it did
then they can go fuck the book and go
fuck itself but in in one of the books
as as I know people who have read the
books there was mentioned once that Han
Solo maybe something called are you
ready for this
force-sensitive where he's not like
force powerful but he has a little bit
of force flowing through him and that's
why he was able I know it's stupid but
it's only in one of the books and it's
stupid anyone can turn on a light saber
yes just it's a piece of metal
anyone can maybe maybe Finn's got some
fortunate there's a great force is
proportional great that's how he knew
how to get out of there okay every f
road tests says is it possible that
someone will end up with a robot hand in
Episode eight like an empire PS here's
the explanation for the politics and
seven that was all left up thank you
have Prados that they might avoid it
because they're hearing a lot of
criticism about being too close to
Episode four a new hope
they're getting a lot of criticism for
make too close to Star Wars now you
don't want fuck this episode shit
because when I grew up it was Star Wars
and The Empire Strikes Back and Return
of the Jedi right his episode shed
didn't didn't come into prominence still
the fucking prequels started coming out
yeah I mean episodes help keep it clear
but everyone knows new hope Empire and
it wasn't even a new hope it was just
Star Wars you're right but uh nobody
called it a new hope no cuz it was it
was just it was it was everyone call it
star it was only called a new hope after
Empire came up and then even then not
even I never really heard it called a
new hope when I was younger it was
always Star Wars and The Empire Strikes
Back and Return of the Jedi wonder what
it was first called new hope like home
video no it's so called the case is
fucking Star Wars the on the older cases
I'm sure just change now the chant find
out when they rebranded as a new hope
but uh it might not have been a clear
line it might have been like a just a
blur well that happened I think that
like I remember them talking about that
in the the George I never knew anybody
who casually called it a new hope
okay they're saying a new hope was added
after Empire in the crawl but as far as
the the way people commonly referred to
it oh well yeah this is in conversation
it was always Star Wars sure sure sure
where were we robohand will anyone end
up with a robot hand I'm gonna say no I
don't care and yeah I'm sorry like the
whole I mean people get stuff cut off
all the time if I might roll my eyes
that's a bit too much yeah a bit too
much as it is that could be an eye roll
if someone gets a hand cut off and I
like for the record officially I do
think it's a bit too close to new
structure-wise new Death Star's the
plans an art I mean bb-8 and i think
that is a valid and justified criticism
it wasn't enough to completely ruin the
movie for me like I said the important
things especially coming after the
prequels is that the characters are fun
yes that's the important thing
ultimately yeah so it's it's very close
to no but Rob Vader 12 during Rey's
scene when she finds the lightsaber they
they sample both Alec Guinness and oh
and McGregor they chopped Alex afraid to
say ray interesting yeah I heard about
that thing I liked her visions I thought
I thought they were neat I thought I
thought it was uh there was an
interesting way to handle that it also
wasn't very like her visions made me
think that instead of being Luke's
daughter she was just a student I don't
think they're gonna go the crazy kids
route though with the trainees and why
just say fray and she's good she's
totally gonna be Luke's daughter I think
I think she was the only one left I
don't know I don't know I like to me
like Luke's daughter is so obvious I
don't know yeah you're right by the way
I guess you're right I guess you're
right where it's just like oh it's so
obvious well I guess it must be true but
like I want to believe that people were
genuinely surprised that the whole Darth
Vader father thing they might not try
and play it as a big real it might be
casually mentioned like kylo Ren Bing
Han Solo's son was and this it might
come out early in the next one I don't
know I suppose there's some mention of
the lightsabers having weird and onion
tuned gyroscopic behavior that makes
them hard to yield difficult ves and
that could be true like I don't think
there's someone sorry go ahead
Shamus G says I feel like I remember
some mention of lightsabers having weird
and unintuitive gyroscopic like behavior
that makes them hard to yield difficult
vastly reduced through extensive
training and high force aptitude that
was never mentioned in any of the nerd
first film nerd well that's the thing
you wave around and it's got a glowing
blade never in any of the movies and
remember like Luke is some asshole farm
kid and sure he's like four he's like a
high with the
force but obi-wan hands this asshole
kids assert he's like wow oh here's the
thing with lightsabers here's the thing
alright if you if you don't have the
force you're not going to want to wield
one because your ass is gonna get shot
because you can't block bullets that's
run less you have the force and that's
what makes the lightsaber useful you can
block bullets right so if you're worried
about everybody just using a lightsaber
this is not gonna happen because they'll
get shot right that's why people don't
use samurai swords and gangs they use
GATS
you talk to rich Evans about this he's
an expert he's an expert on gang warfare
no I will and that's why Jedi's use
lightsabers is because they are more of
a defensive weapon yeah yeah they're
they're not an attacking weapon they are
meant for defense and precise movements
but no it's it's a hunk of metal with a
crystalline side anyone can turn it on
and I want to say that's canon
why did Leia hug Rey after she got well
I think Ray hugs Leia because everybody
loves Rey because she isn't very soon
know that much is true she doesn't ruin
her character for me but she isn't very
soon I'm gonna call her like 80% Mary
Sue and I'm gonna say it doesn't matter
that she's a Mary assume that she's 80%
Mary I think Ray hugged Leia
because Leia just lost her husband not
solo mhm
like that's normal that's but by the way
that's a normal people Oh your husband
just died oh I'm gonna give you a hug oh
your son just killed your husband
oh yeah I'll give you a hug for that
that's a normal thing people do lasers
travel at the speed of light yes they do
but in Star Wars they use space lasers
and space lasers do not travel in the
speed of light they either travel faster
or slower or the same they travel at the
speed of a science fiction blast they
travel at the speed that an editor
decides in post looks good do we know
they're shooting lasers or those juice
come kind of like maybe it's some plasma
whatever
the answer is whatever the answer is
it's a fucking Star Wars it's a war in
Stars do you know that my four-year-old
asked me why I was called Star Wars he
didn't see any actual war so like it's a
skirmish there were battles and I had to
have it just like well they were
fighting they were fighting like a war
and it was in space like where there are
stars and he goes I tried not to sound
kind of said I mean four so I'm not
gonna be kind of there's a war in the
stars man that's why it's called Star
Wars hmm that's right it's not
well it's sci-fi but it's not science
fiction it's science fantasy still in
the sci-fi genre but it's a fantasy
movie in space here's something I want
to address there's something you want to
MC Lucas saying how bullshit is it that
they just completely gloss over how
Luke's lightsaber ended up in the
basement instead of floating around in a
cloud planet we don't see Luke's
lightsaber end up on the planet we see
his lightsaber fall into a shaft in a
giant space station yes
we never saw it fall into the planet
right did we I'm trying to remember do
we see it after his hand gets cut off
does it fall out when he does because I
don't remember that happening no we do
night assume it was sitting at the
bottom of some kind of shaft in in Cloud
City we do not see it fall that easily
could have been I don't recall Luke's
hand awkwardly falling out of the hatch
that opens with Luke no like he doesn't
follow his hand down yeah like the hand
falls and he has his back later and then
he chooses to jump no his hand could've
landed I'm I'm assuming a worker found
it at a severed hand one day I was very
terrified but then saw what it was like
I could sell this and probably sold it
for a good price by the way right yeah
he loses it when he loses his hand so
that that could
have easily been in Cloud City a city
started by a smuggler so there's
probably some shady people around there
just looking for loose change or or what
if Lando's people found it and Lando got
it to lay his people and ended up with
Maude Weber who knew lay at some point I
don't know very reasonable is very
reasonable kylo Ren's lightsaber opens
the idea of broadswords great sword
lightsabers I'm down whatever it's fine
it's fine it's fine I hope I hope the
other movies aren't filled with that
buddy Jedi say the honest truth I don't
I don't want another 8,000 people fight
going on I'm fine if the only Jedi as we
see are Rey Luo Ren and snook I will be
supremely disappointed if there's
another eighty person yeah it's a fight
yeah yeah
here's here's how the last movie is
gonna end up so this movie starts after
Luke has failed to train a new
generation of Jedi yeah
because one of his students kylo Ren
murdered all the other ones hmm
here's how this movie really ends up
just pillaging here's how the trilogy
here's how the entire trilogy really
ends is Rey will become a Jedi Master or
whatever mm-hmm a true Jedi and she'll
be how she'll have to fight the last
boss and they'll be going back and forth
a lot about like the nature of good and
evil we will always find each other and
Rey will kill the evil guy and then kill
herself
ending all Jedi oh you're insane that
would be the best thing that could
happen I'm not even I'm not even
convinced that wait doctor grunter
hunter hanker light nunchucks
uuuugh use the delimiter sorry I'm not
even convinced Luke's gonna die Luke
might restart a school at the end with
Ray I don't know I don't know but I'm
not I'm not convinced I don't know yeah
that's right for us and ambassador ray
will kill herself there'll be no more
Jedi and then Disney will never make
another Star Wars I'm gonna say the end
of this trilogy is Ray fighting
alongside of kylo Ren against Emperor's
nuke and and all over the real bad guy
kylo Ren getting mortally wounded and
then maybe dying in leg lay his arms or
something oh if they if they want to
bring Carrie Fisher back we'll see you
know no offense to Carrie Fisher I don't
think she cares no oh no you know what
not anything about how she looked I just
felt like her mouth wasn't fake I joked
a lot about her bangle but the problem
is I think the plastic surgery her mouth
is cut her mouth is not function neuro
like listen everyone ages I'm not gonna
make fun of how she looks her mouth was
not functioning problem I'll agree with
that yeah I will agree with that mango
yeah well Kyla will have he'll have a a
Redemption but he still has to die
simply because he killed Han Solo but he
is I do believe he's gonna help fight
the big bad guy yeah and then a final
act of goodness he'll sacrifice him -
yeah yeah
much like their fader did but he still
has to die just because he killed Han
Solo oh of course
yeah there's no question I mean he's
gonna die oh my got a light mace I would
take a light mace a big chain with a
bowling ball on the
I think the the question here I think I
saw it a while back here's here's an
important question for you rich
will there be a new lightsaber design
for the next movie you mean oh I hope
not I don't think so I don't I don't
think so but I hope not I hope not - I
don't think so
didn't meet it that's that's the real
thing so do we want to pay someone to
design a new lightsaber we can make all
these new toys and then someone goes
yeah but we already have all these old
lightsaber toys this still selling like
hotcakes let's just raise the price on
them I don't I don't know exactly what
the fuck they're going to do yet mostly
it's a we'll see as long as it's cool I
don't care that's cool all right any
anything else I'm trying to think I'm
trying to remember the movie who's ever
was away that was a long time ago this
morning I think we've talked the fuck
out of it
we really have I am surprised we went
this long but it's Star Wars don't
forget the eggs you're right you're a
hypno i won't i won't forget the eggs
how about that new Star Trek TV show
I'll watch that Star Trek trailer again
with the Beastie Boys oh there's hope in
the fact that Simon Pegg hated the
trailer
maybe the trailer isn't indicative of
the film yeah I don't know um we should
we should stop streaming now yeah the
problem is that you have to hit the
button cuz it's over there are you
giving people a last second to get in
there oh oh yeah no you can give them a
second okay we're gonna read shit anyway
huh oh yeah yeah we have shit to read in
your room turn off you you maybe Luke
doesn't know ray is his daughter
force awakened let's turn off how would
Luke not know well I guess he didn't
give birth to her we headed what maybe
Luke doesn't know that Rey is his
daughter how do you know he doesn't know
well that's what that's what they're
saying
maybe Luke doesn't know maybe he why
wouldn't he know why why does he have to
not
right obviously she was deliberately put
on the planet it had to hide her that's
what we can all assume yeah if if we're
going to go along it's weird seeing me
on that the way if we're gonna go along
in New Hope lines what's the new
neoprene trailer I will wait watch it
right now you know brain trailer
reaction now what oh yeah I'll go find
it someone link it link me to it Kroenke
pink WA NOx hella but burn I'm sorry
what halibut barn hella but barn hella
but barn okie be 85 18 motherfucking
months in a row the Rob Roy Allen but
burn hab 78 and steam pink girl thank
you for subscribing we really appreciate
it
it's it's true oh oh man
hold on the trail here we're gonna watch
it we're watching the trailer I know
those rocks we're gonna watch the
trailer for pass through the new
neoprene film and we're gonna watch it
right now
what did you see there was a tiger I
mean yeah I saw that oh my God he's a
heroin addict this man is brilliant
he's a performance artist he has to be
this whole thing is an Adult Swim bed
yeah Neal Breen is an Adult Swim bit
what happened to the trailers not
loading the trailer hold on we're gonna
let it buffer it buff I gotta let it I
got a lot of buffer guys this is amazing
I'm watching the trailer for the new
neoprene movie you can watch it at pass
through film.com
okay well let's read this through the
donation oh sorry mr. creepy says yes if
I sent you guys some games you otherwise
would have no interest in playing Mortal
Kombat gex donkey kong country as well
as an extra steam tip would you consider
streaming it happy holidays
we would consider streaming it even
without the stream tip no yet I have
fond memory of gex gex I have fond
memories do you really want to spend a
night playing Mortal Kombat and Donkey
Kong Country that you might be fun I've
talked about Donkey Kong Country aiya
play I avoid playing it for superficial
reasons it looks like it's got that it's
got that ugly pseudo 3d look I play some
gex gex the the the spy gecko no no I'm
mortal combat it's good ol you play
couple runs more calm and play little
gags duel danke make it whole like a
Genesis night of it was that Jenna's no
that was like Sega Saturn okay I'm just
I'm just not gonna I'm not gonna make
any guarantees for for a steam tip I
mean I've know it honestly I've
no interest in the games not necessarily
but possibly I guess okay we listen Bob
Donkey Kong Country might be we had one
I avoided full of games just for
superficial reasons maybe I should give
that one another chance I don't know
human evolution has ended and there can
be no further advance the turning point
he's a madman okay okay we got a buffer
again look at the pile of bodies I love
Neil brain so much brain oh man listen
yes we should do a brain best of the
worst when it comes out more brain I
don't know if we could take three brain
into four in a row no why is it a dole
them out anyway yeah yeah he's so good
we don't we don't really plan best the
worst in advance
it'll happen I'm sure it'll happen I
just don't know when we the shelves that
you see invest of the works are real
shelves full of movies yeah and usually
like an hour before we found like we
have a list we've never used we haven't
we went we took like a couple hours and
made a list of like great pairings we
have never once used that list a special
conversation with Neil Breen oh my god
and I would love that make that happen
the Internet nice things my things ever
Atticus ooh you said that really well
thank you I always I always stumble that
name sorry
no no then no no that was one more Oh
slippery know probably sleeve arena like
steve-arino but a sleeve arino Schlemmer
sleeve er it's I think it's sleeve areno
like steve-arino thank you for
subscribing we really
