Jan 28, 2015
FTL: Faster Than Light
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3744771
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3747019
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3747022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2F2gx0LMiUI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMv4x_2f_dA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hV3aOkCxWA
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/560506415127994368

[Part I]
hello hello oh my god YouTube looks
exactly the same it's crazy it looks
exactly the same but everything should
play a little bit smoother because it's
not running on html5 okay YouTube you
know the video with the video be heard
of the youtubes rich I thought you said
you tool you I could swear I thought you
said that's my favorite that's my second
favorite website is you two love duck is
this some kind of like YouTube mirror
that has different players oh that's
what I thought you said no you take a
daily quiz to find out what kind of you
you a tulip you are but what tulip best
represents you as a person I'm not
excited I'm so sorry I can like you let
me see if you tulip exists you tulip
calm register that shit I maybe we
should Oh somebody hasn't registered in
POC so if we want to we have to pay out
the ESL right we'll start a Kickstarter
for you to look there goes our million
dollar idea down all down the drain so
in any case the nerd side of things
html5 and for HTML for version 4 is kind
of the one we've all been running on for
the past I'm close to 20 years HTML 4
was last updated in 1997 that's amazing
isn't that and so websites like YouTube
and everyone's IDE needs these
third-party plugins in order to run
properly like video on right sure now we
have html5 all right and YouTube instead
of like making the gradual switchover
just said fuck it
html5 is default great who wants to die
you're jumping right in
wants to die oh my god what
how are you saying I am I thought you're
just asking in general who wants to die
other than me I mean no one's died that
might not be true am i I'm sure there's
plenty people who want that that color
is so dear when cor Ellen I think Cora
lik wants to die
keep an eye have people sitting on a
diet I'm typing now they want to die see
yeah um okay so Karluk and bill bill ted
Tetley bill Tetley wants to die okay he
wants to be a glowing green man the
bunch
is there an advantage to dying as a
glowing green man versus just dying die
slightly that's that's good I guess
Captain Obvious wants to die so hard
with a vengeance would possibly with a
vengeance okay quite possibly with a
vengeance
I'm also want to do a quick audio thing
to see how we
a little bit Oh Jack you're making me
nostalgic for 30 seconds ago remember
when we were talking about people
wanting to die with a vengeance that was
those were good times I remember exactly
that much simpler times I remember
exactly that you're where you were when
we had that conversation I was sitting
right here on the couch we're kind of
just starting with this there are
possibly other plans too yes do they
involve dying oh yes I'm killing myself
online oh my god oh my lord
Oh already we have another pulse wants
to die oh my god I'm waiting I'm waiting
for someone to say they want to die
oh my god and I missed a sub already
working on it cinnamon oh there it is
frosty snooze thank you for subscribing
oh okay sorry to interrupt your thank
you but did you say cinnamon is in like
sinner made cinnamon oh you're talking
to someone specifically I thought you're
like like saying like babe earn this
like hey man hey that's in a man thought
you were saying cinnamon hey there sure
all right that's fine no frosty snooze
thank you for subscribing
frosty snooze has been a subscriber for
the past six months now twitch now tells
us how long people have been subscribing
oh that's on it and we really appreciate
it thank you first when I see after the
new member was Mario Mario 42 great it's
full up so many as we as we listen to
this wonderful soundtrack not us we
can't hear it here but as you guys at
home listen to this wonderful soundtrack
you should know that been Prunty just
came out with a new album been Prunty
did the soundtrack for FTL I assume that
based on the context of the things you
were saying yes and he did the
soundtrack for a new game called gravity
ghost and I don't know anything about
the game no I have already bought the
soundtrack and listen to it it's amazing
oh yeah yeah so this guy does amazing
amazing work you know who else just came
out with an album John Carpenter what
John Carpenter made an album of what
it's called lost themes I was just it's
it's just like the type of synth stuff
he was doing for his movies ladies all
right so it's sort of like soundtracks
to movies that don't exist and it's
fucking awesome that sounds great I've
been listening to it like on a loop
while I've been doing visual effects
after space count it's like I need to
work these songs as temp music and space
cop because they fit perfectly but
they're so great
the real Quaid thank you for subscribing
these last three months have flown right
by
so is it they unsubscribe and then re
subscribes that what's going on
no no they you can choose whether it's a
reoccurring thing but some people oh
okay I don't know how these things work
and so for anyone it might be a
recurring thing and then we see the
recurring okay are they I'm subscribing
reasons I have no idea how it works is
something you should know
no I don't know it is your stream you
probably don't need to know how it works
I get a little blue bleep that says but
someone subscribes that's all I know
okay well that's fair enough so a
gravity ghost by the way for those of
you asking what type of type of music is
it little ambience little imagine if the
Tron soundtrack what was more chill okay
that's what it that's what the Tron
Legacy sound to try the Reggie's Alka
Tron Legacy soundtrack was more chill
okay gonna say the Tron soundtrack
that's closer to John Carpenter than
anything else no it's very ambient a
little like electronics I'm like we're
percussion mixed in there hi there
probably like this you would very much
like it cool
bro I doesn't go gravity ghosts ghosts
or the gravity ghosts soundtrack okay by
been pretty alright Prunty
the gravity goat the anti-gravity go
that's what I'm waiting for it right hmm
right
the gravity goat I have something very
important to talk about what the fuck
J I don't I feel like I know it's gonna
be a better addiction to horse semen
rich oh ah sorry I hate to talk about be
single soon ah Giga thank you for
subscribing we're very much appreciated
um know have you ever seen a show called
Farscape
i have not i i've I know there's
apparently a little bit of a hub of
going out about your
Jax could be an asshole again I've never
watched it so on the advice of rich and
several other people Lisa and I had some
time to watch a new show and we gave
Farscape a chance and I did not much
care for it okay watch the first five
episodes and they're like weirdly Muppet
creatures on Farscape just leave it
alone with her Nitin Lee watched show he
didn't like it now he's gonna talk about
horrible well that's what you talk about
it you talk more about things you
dislike than things you like absolutes
just the nature of us absolutely what
but here's the real thing apparently
this is not an OK opinion to have I
don't know if you've been on the
subreddit recently someone wrote a very
long rebuttal to why I was factually
wrong in my opinion
oh people are very passionate about
Farscape okay it should be it spread
shape here's well here's the interesting
bit about this is apparently the sci-fi
Network and now Netflix has a different
order of the show than the DVD oh yeah
that's happened with some other shows or
they don't have them in the proper order
and so apparently on the DVD the second
at my biggest problem is they didn't
seem to handle character motivation very
well like they never seem to mention
people wanting to go home or what their
overarching goal was okay and what is
episode 7 on Netflix is episode 2 on DVD
and that episode they find an earth-like
planet and the crux of it is the main
character talking about how he'd rather
go home
okay and that's episode seven on Netflix
okay so netflix has amount of order well
they have them in the order that sci-fi
channel or aired them on but not
Australian size it's a whole big thing
okay
the DVD is supposedly the correct order
and Netflix does not have that order
sorry just adjusting the mic um okay
and so sci-fi I think I want to say
sci-fi has a history of doing that yes I
Phi also aired the tremors TV show did
you even know that existent well I think
it only lasted like a season but they
aired it sounds like it shouldn't exist
I've heard it's actually pretty good but
it's it's aired in the wrong they aired
it in the wrong order
mm-hmm um so I don't know um I I don't
know what that is about sci-fi or but
but in case my perception of the show is
different than most people because I did
not see it in the same order okay and so
my feelings about the show have to be
altered slightly huh this is all I'm
saying
Oh would you would you recommend trying
to watch it in the correct order then
there's there's Muppets on this show
right I mean that's enough me into it
and I did like that the the overall
production value I described as charming
okay it's very it's a little shocked
evil character well that sounds great
yeah so it's quite possible if you watch
it in the correct order you will not run
into the issues I read okay this is on
to but it is on Netflix it is on Netflix
so if I if I look into it then I have to
make sure I watch them incorrectly yes
all right I'm kind of shut about you're
just gonna start bitching yeah no no I I
did not know that about Netflix yeah
hold on actor interrupted thank you for
subscribing we very very much
appreciated um I don't suppose you a
quality order they were released on
Netflix time so so for me it went pilot
space books it went it went islet space
bugs some other episode Oh pilot space
bugs Klingon spy Rigel getting kidnapped
peacekeeper death ship okay and and
though so that was one two three four
five and actually in actuality that was
like one seven three six for sure you
know so I watched him a little odd for
that's obnoxious it is yeah I want to
say there's other shows Netflix has done
that with to I mean I know sci-fi
channels done the past but I think
Netflix has done that too yeah so this
is all things people were people were
very passionately tweeting at me that I
was just wrong and I'm like the second
episode they find it a planet that looks
like Earth and I was like what are you
talking on the ship and there's space
roaches networks have done that too with
shows that they like new shows that they
don't have any confidence ends they're
like oh this episode 7 stronger than
episode 2 Civil Air episode 7 second
like they did that with the clerks
cartoon it only lasted they only aired
two episodes of it but they aired the
like they earned them out of order and
they've done that with other shows too
and it's like well if you if you're
unsure about the show confusing the
audience like the first two episodes
that isn't a good idea
right so yeah nobody knows what they're
doing pretty much nobody knows basically
so this is the this is this is what I'm
going to say a half apology mmm - to any
fans of our escape out there chance
opinions of car escape do not represent
red letter media as a whole running man
take responsibility for the things he
has said well and also it's hopefully
people understand that my perception of
Farscape is is was incorrect by no fault
of my own yeah so I understand
great thank you thank you for
understanding I understand because I've
no stake of this either I think your
complaints for in the first place
hmm okay but okay all right okay um
isolate mutate thank you for subscribing
now that we've reached the four month
period I think it's okay to cuddle this
is me putting that out there bring that
out there for you you like these these
stats that they give you don't know it's
fascinating to see how long somebody's
been with us yeah sure
agreed I understand I understand mr.
yeah don't you understand things like
that mr. that's not in space cop in the
new version that's one of the few things
that was in the original that isn't in
the new one really yeah is all the whole
movie is gonna suck now she just
everything reshoot everything yeah the
whole movie it's a TR that line in some
somewhere yeah that sounds like a plan
so I know your name is Theodore J hooker
one thank you for subscribing for the
past five months we've really do
appreciate it
but your name could also be the Oder J
hooker I hope his middle names like
charms cuz then I need to be teaching
hmm
either way no that's his name was
Theodore j-hook Theodore J that's like a
joke name yeah I'm assuming there's no J
yeah there was a Jan oh never mind
nobody knew that I'm just dumb rich I
gotta pay attention when I'm talking
that's fine yeah no I'm just gonna stop
trying oh yes I finally broke them
urban vermin thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciated I like saying
your name Thurman Merman where does the
name urban vermin I get some rides me a
Thurman Merman yeah and these
subscription notifications are manually
activated so you have to choose whether
or not you want to reveal how many
months you've been subscribe okay when
Yuri subscribe so twitchplayspokemon you
are correct it's a new updates but if
you're cool yeah that's Trevor well I
think that's part of the thing is so us
streamers can recognize easily who has
been with us the longest because that's
it's a game I see because that's how you
win it's how you win it life yep
oh sorry dr. J dr. J says his some
happened like two days ago and no one
saw we did what we we like so J thank
you for a subscribing and thank you for
being a bot
it's truly appreciate no one else listen
everyone else maybe your microphones dr.
J oh that's right you want to be at your
speakers
that's how speak smooth okay everyone
else is needed dr. Tate your daughter
great job Thanks
okay everyone else good unmute their
microphone setup how are they know to
unmute it if they can't hear you tell
them to unmute it oh my god you're right
this is a flawed system yeah guy yeah
it's terrible so Jack yeah um did you
hear about the Ghostbusters casting I
did let's see for every response I you
here's something you should know about
me I have not seen bridesmaids okay um
there's a great little comedy buried in
there somewhere that's what that's all I
heard here's my first complaint about
the new Ghostbusters okay I'm sure
they'll be many when I actually see the
movie but for right now it's 45 minutes
too long that's what I'm gonna say I'm
calling it now it's gonna be 45 but it's
too long that's not it's not you know
and this is the thing like at this point
cuz now they're talking about Chris
Pratt being Indiana Jones do it's like
all this stuff like it's inevitable and
it's not even worth getting upset about
anymore it's just like this is gonna be
a thing no I don't think I don't think
there's any problem with it I will my
okay Kristen Wiig yeah she's fine I like
Kristen Wiig just fine fine I'm sick of
Melissa McCarthy yeah I think
everybody's sick of her that's why I'm
actually surprised I know she's buddies
with Paul Feig the director or whatever
and they did bridesmaids together but
like the last few comedy she's done have
been like horrible bombs yes so I was
surprised that that didn't have
some sort of influence but she's also
like writing partners with Kristen right
quick is she yeah oh I didn't know I was
what are they written didn't they a
bride bridesmaid no no most McCarthy was
just an actress and that as far as I
know I don't think she wrote it
hey now I have to look this up Melissa
McCarthy and Kristen Wiig go back okay
that doesn't sound right to me but I
don't know for sure so I'm not gonna say
mmm I'm you don't you know what I'm
sorry mom even before it was gonna be an
all-female cast I was completely against
the idea of a Ghostbuster sequel or
reboot oh sure obviously I don't like
amp now that it's an all-female cast I'm
gonna be labeled as a misogynist
it's amazing the movie doesn't need to
be made the fact that it's an all-female
cast at least the extra gimmick on top
of other gimmicks seems to me it's not
early gimmick so much is another way to
differentiate it from like it'll help
some if it was just for if it was like
Bill Hader and I don't know Will Ferrell
like it would draw even more comparison
so at least there's something different
about it um I don't know they're they're
trying something new and that should be
applauded they're trying they're trying
well I don't know they're trying
something new and pointless to a movie
that is pointless to exist to begin with
but I don't know how long it I just
don't care cuz it's not gonna be
ghostbusters right it's it's just it'll
have been - Ghostbusters name yeah and
that'll be about it but the other two
cast members yeah are Cate and Kenan who
I don't know if you watch Sarah
Knightley III even I don't watch Sarah
alive much anymore but I've seen enough
to know that she's like the best thing
on it okay she's really really good like
a comedic actress just like the
strongest part on that show yeah and on
the fourth one is Lester Jones who I've
only seen a couple times and she is like
on Worst live performer on that show she
was on the episode with Chris Rock they
did this bit where they were like a
bickering old couple and it was like
embarrassingly bad like she was missing
her mark she missed like she couldn't
read the cue cards properly there was a
part where she froze up for like 10
seconds and then just walked offstage oh
my now I'm back on it was so awkward so
I don't know like I'm assuming she does
stand up or something like I just into
something that would warrant her getting
a part in a fucking Ghostbusters movie
but based on the stuff I've seen on
Senate life she's just terrible as a
live performer master kenobi
double-oh-seven
thank you for subscribing this might be
the longest I've seen eight months
there's nobody been doing this free he
was subscribed before you even were
doing it that's how dedicated he is
eight months subscribing thank you octo
Dre says he's been subscribing for nine
so we'll see but we never see his
subscription right now long okay um I
you know different directors can work
well with different performers and you
can get that performance out of someone
who's even bad on live television
so like comparing a live performer to uh
to a screen performer is a bit moot I
suppose I just I'm curious genuinely
curious like what she's done cuz you're
I haven't seen anything outside of that
what she's done that would make people
think she would be appropriate them for
this kind of leave well you know it
really just could have been like a
director's feeling about her where he's
like oh I want to die you know I know I
can get this performance out of her
let's good yeah maybe here's the
interesting part though okay if you saw
this know um see I don't care either but
I hear these things I got a movie
website and they talk about this
daughter I supposedly humble a constant
feels first yeah all right bill all
right die tides and I actually think
this is pretty hilarious supposedly
there's talk of Bill Murray being
involved as a different character like
he fought so long to not do ghostbusters
3 and now that they're actually doing
something different with it he's like
okay I'll do that
that's kind of funny but and I guess
this is my whole thing is they are going
outside of the no they're not just
Malak oh my lord whatever it's with a
cane oh yeah great um is there not just
filling it with the young male comedians
at the time like I did with the original
Ghostbusters they are because that was
so terrible rich but they've done it but
I think they've done it they don't okay
we're talking about really the only
thing I take attention with it's not
inherently better just because it's an
all no yes no no but they know that that
it's it's pointless if heinous pointless
to make the movie to begin with yeah I
think we can all agree with that but it
would be even more pointless to remake
it with just whatever modern comedy
comedic male actors so that at least so
they're saying like this is gonna be
remade it let's try to put a new spin on
it and see if something can happen yeah
now I am not upset at all about the idea
of Chris Pratt as Indiana Jones and I
mean it's not the worst casting in the
world no I think I mean yeah I'm not
like I'm set by it cuz it's again it's
like it's inevitable that's not him it's
gonna be somebody um I I think he's a
little too doofy from the 3d on Jones he
doesn't have that edge but then again he
might I just haven't seen him in a role
where he has yeah no I do me and whereas
Harrison Ford was not right he was an
actor or Indian yeah here brought a
little bit of comedic edge to the
nanogenes
the movies had a comedic tone but
Indiana Jones himself was the cool guy
you wanted to be yeah yeah Chris Pratt's
more he's gonna be like me a mild parody
of the cool guy you want to be that's
possible but I'll be it's gonna be
different but also the cool guy you want
to be is not necessarily Indiana Jones
anymore not as nobody's 80 yeah I want
to be any other jokes in the Kingdom of
the wrestling they should get Harrison
Ford back I'm saying oh don't make more
of these movies no no no what do I do
what is the solution to any of these
ultimately first of all dr. Talos thank
you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it what I'm
saying is the the modern-day symbol of
cool is no longer the the gruff silence
time the Indiana Jones type right
that's no longer what kids think is cool
what what do people think is cool now
star-lord it's not cool I don't know
what he tries to be cool he's a little
doofy that's what makes um that's why
Chris Pratt was perfect yeah so via its
it's no longer like people attempting to
be John Wayne hmm you know that's not
cool anymore
I think now being cool is being
self-aware like you look at the ant-man
trailer the end of the trailer is like
can we do something about the name like
now you have to wink like everything has
to wing and I can understand that desire
to go there but I don't know I would
like to see something that's just made
completely sincerely Dredd movie we've
always talked about the dread of it is
great
completely straight face it has a
certain comedic element because of that
yes but there's no winking in that movie
no god no
if anyone winked in that movie to get
their eyes room yeah well and the the
one thing I'm hoping is that it's not
people keep calling me the Chris Pratt
Indiana Jones movie which is of course
nothing but rumors right yeah they call
it a reboot I hope it's not like I know
I think it's just gonna be like I've
heard people compare it to like James
Bond yeah just be another Indiana Jones
movie in someone else's play and I think
that's great that's what I'm like Mike
mentioned actually a remake of Raiders I
don't think is wrong about that III know
I would doubt they would remake Raiders
detect it to me that sounds completely
pointless that's that there would be no
I would think they would just do it
that's just another adventure yeah
absolutely that would be great that
seems like the smartest way to do it
that's the way they should do it yeah
yeah yeah of course I don't need to make
more Indiana Jones they need to make
ghostbusters I don't need to do any of
this stuff but they're going to whether
you want it or not the going to exist
yeah
have you seen
the Fantastic Four trailer I did
supposed to oh well he know about this
in related that right this very moment
the director is back wherever they shot
the movie they're filming a month worth
of reshoots right now movie that comes
out in just a couple months so
supposedly it's like a disaster valuable
scenes but that yeah that teaser didn't
or is that a teaser that's not a full
train
yeah it's a teaser I kind of liked it
and it didn't tease anything interesting
it's just shots of fleek people looking
at monitor you know what I liked like
the look of it yeah
I thought I thought it looked almost
like when I saw the trailer I almost
thought I clicked on the wrong trailer
and I was watching the trailer for
interstellar you know like after you
watch it I don't remember anything
sticking out like the long cornfields no
I know you get that little glimpse of
their suits um I thought I thought the
thing just that little peak we get of
like removing rock looked awesome
hmm yeah no no I have zero interested it
but agree but but supposedly behind the
scenes it's been like a disaster or
shoot so that's really do it they just
cannot get Fantastic Four there's always
issues of the production I thought it I
thought the look of it was really neat
um and hopefully it's not a total
disaster having been the only person
here who has seen all three fantastic
four movies my hopes egg hi-yah but also
I have literally zero stakes in a
fantastic four yeah I think yeah thank
you for you to do teaser like that you
need some sort of even if you don't see
like like money shots you need some sort
of glimpse of like an arm stretching or
dude on fire some well you got that we
got a little dude on fire we got a
little what happens in the trailer I
haven't seen it it's just shots of
people looking at computer monitors and
talking about fate and destiny and then
a blue laser comes up out of the earth
cuz that happens in every call that God
it wasn't on earth that wasn't on earth
a blue laser comes out of an alien
planet let's get things crazy straight
here light keeps falling over it just
kept going hmm
well let's leave it will run
the rest on the table okay that's weird
yeah no I'm owed Oh like it didn't the
look of it to be more specific didn't
get me excited about the movie I just
liked the visual like Ram I liked how
the costumes looked it looked like they
were on alien planets which is always
exciting it looked like a sci-fi movie
which I think a lot of superhero movies
don't do okay except Guardians
that's the mall guardians isn't even
really a superhero movie rights a sci-fi
adventure I buy adventure movie yeah so
that it got me a little I don't want to
say excited okay but I io what's what's
a word for nosed you know what it got me
it got gave you a big boner that's what
you're trying to say we get it we get it
rock monsters give Jack Packard a big
boner we get it it got me not
disappointed okay what does that mean
indifferent yes I felt indifferent about
it I was so incredibly indifferent which
you know after seeing like ant-man I was
really disappointed by that trailer that
looked really boring and off and bland
yeah and so I was disappointed by
ant-man mmm the trailer see I wasn't
disappointed cuz I have no investment in
it anyway and what if it was an Edgar
Wright movie but Paul Rudd I like Paul
Rudd hey pretty much Laura yeah I like
the shot I think people kind of were
making fun of it but I like the shot
reace 'i'm like riding the back of the
like that was fun that was but I
couldn't get a sense of the tone because
I know it's supposed to be more comedic
right and that doesn't come across in
that teaser no mu all we got is Mad Max
that's the only thing that looks
straight up fucking awesome um I think
that's not going to be a dumb action
flick J how deep I think it's gonna be
an awesome Mad Max movie do boyss yeah
do boyss photo oh it is it I think
you're saying that no no well you what
are you gonna do du bois du Bois photo
right sure
Du Bois photo thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it
de blah de blah blah blah de blah fitted
their wigwams feel swans Crips y'all
let's go show em way a pretty shit ah si
si
hold on there sings stream is dead no
stream came back it's okay
du Bois
well someone just mentioned Jupiter
ascending I forgot that was coming out
but it's the Wachowskis new movie Oh the
Sundance raining people oh I don't know
anything about this what Sundance what's
what Sundance is going on right now okay
so it's not the edison secret son dad
screaming screening the movie that boot
really so I heard oh oh I know all I
know is the trailer Channing Tatum looks
looks silly yeah he looks like comical
it uh I don't know I know that the the
Rachelle skis they tried to do their big
ambitious Cloud Atlas like philosophical
generation spanning epic you know yeah
intelligent movie and everybody hated it
oh yeah
you see I I haven't seen it I gotta say
a good thing I've heard mixed things or
people saying it to misunderstood or
whatever I haven't seen it I honestly
didn't have much interested it right cuz
everybody looks silly like those house
keys just make everybody look silly but
that movie was like a huge bombs yeah
they're trying oh let's do another
sci-fi action movie like we did with the
matrix 37 years ago right
Chiao skis or one-hit wonders so sorry I
don't know if I've ever gone on record
as saying I really liked this beat racer
movie I've heard people say that that's
kind of a misunderstood movie - I
haven't seen it I think it's like it is
what it's supposed to be I think it's
pretty damn good I haven't seen it very
stylized and there's the comic car
cartoony right yeah I mean these days
maybe a lot chuna CG but I felt the
action sequences were amazing and like
they got they got like the story is a
Speed Racer story share if that makes
any sense I really enjoyed it I like
their Speed Racer I
not seen it that's okay that's okay mean
mr. mustard says Jack stop talking ever
no how about that is this someone that's
subscribed yep they subscribe just to
say that my parent or they just want I
mean you don't have to subscribe to say
that no no he mustard is a subscriber
and he just wants me to stop talking oh
maybe he just disagrees with your
opinion on Speed Racer
that could be I don't know well you know
I've said some controversial things
Farscape it's true Speed Racer I was not
disappointed by the Fantastic Four
trailer I know that's that's a bold
statement right there I never watch what
the Fantastic Four trailer yeah it was a
teaser it's the teaser no you don't have
to well have to have a new teaser in a
month when they've reshot half the movie
that's I did not hear that is generally
not a good sign
yeah probably not probably not
I saw someone asking about whiplash I
still haven't seen whiplash they keep
hearing great things about this movie
let me watch it it's got that guy that
guy's great that guy is great
JJ Kasem and GK Simms I was gonna clean
absolute most perfect casting you could
do for Jay jonah Jameson yes ever thank
God they did that that made his career
it sees great lover of it he's great
movies he's great everything I've seen
to me he's the ISIS solid character
actor yep uh whatever happened in that
documentary about the Roger Corman
Fantastic Four that'll come out oh my
god probably nothing well they were it
was in production like it's it's not
like they wanted to do and just didn't
make it they made it doomed doomed it's
called yeah the untold story of Roger
Corman's Fantastic Four or something
like that
I am googling here yeah look it up I
know they had like a Facebook page and
you could pre-order it you could
pre-order the movie I want to see that
I'm looking at all right hold cause
pause on
did you use the Google wrong I deaf
parent Lee um ma'am all right someone
just linked to it oh great what the fuck
Oh apparently it's available oh it's out
yeah or is it still me click on mom's
it's still just for pre-order because
last time I looked at it it looked like
it was available but then you click on
it and this is for pre-order I just
added it to cart did you feel this
anything I did not pre-ordered pre are
available 2015 still pre-order come on
come on guys and it's your movie I
really want to see it that we talked
about that quite a bit and it got cut
out of the episode just for time and we
were talking about how we'd love to see
a documentary on commentary and they do
have a commentary on their website you
can buy that's already available oh yeah
um so yeah yeah maybe maybe they're
waiting for the release of the new
fantastic that's it I tend to optimize
marketing that's not a bad idea that's
not a bad idea that's not a bad idea I'm
sure the the Roger Corman is still going
to be better than the new one that's Bri
I'm gonna say 70% that's good there's a
70% chance that's gonna happen there's a
25% chance that it will be equally
terrible for different reasons okay
Allah the the other two Fantastic Four
movie
oh sure and there is a 5% chance of the
new one being better hmm
that's that's my official prediction all
right sounds good and nothing but I mean
Fantastic Four so lame I'm a comic book
fan and even for a comic book fan
Fantastic Four is doofy you would how
does that see here's the thing the
trailer for the new one rich it placed
the like dark serious everyone else yeah
and it doesn't work for like Fantastic
Four is just silly big they should be
that's why I don't I'm trying to think I
think I saw the first Fantastic Four the
Jessica Alba one and I remember at least
having like a like a silly tone to it
like even though I don't think a movie
was any good it's like that's how you do
Fantastic Four Fantastic Four needs to
be light adventure fall they need to
shrink themselves down and explore the
universe in between molecules the
civilization that lives there yeah
that's a Fantastic Four movie yeah you
don't play it like like every other
superhero movie now which is they all
want to be you know the Dark Knight they
find the dimension where the the cosmic
accountants balance the figures in the
universe you can't be that funny anymore
right she can't be silly someone if
someone is quoting something here as a
result of Disney's highest single
shareholder and Marvel CEO Isaac
Perlmutter Zanger with Fox studio over
negotiations regarding the film and
related rights to the Fantastic Four
Marvel would rather cancel the Fantastic
Four comics rather than provide any
promotion however small it might be
towards the Fox Studios film oh wow this
is actually Marvel comic books is going
through a big universe reboot soon yeah
they do that every once in a while
though vertical not Marvel no Marvel DC
does DC this is every week hey but
Marvel doesn't do marvelous not besides
the addition of the Ultimate Universe
share which was its own separate new
universe didn't it didn't erase anything
that happened it was like going on
parallel okay well I would Marvel decide
to do that when they're the most popular
they've ever been
because this gives them an opportunity
to reinvent every character Oh movies
sake to be more like the movies okay and
it gives them an opportunity to say
downplay character's roles in the
universe that maybe they don't own the
movie rights oh I see like maybe the
Fantastic Four won't be an important
part of the new users or the x-men or
spider-man or isn't there talk of
despite them getting spider-man back
wasn't there some shit going on just
rumors Daka just rumor but but yeah so
they the you know they are really
banking on these movies being successful
forever so far they have been right it's
going to die out it's going to probably
I've enjoyed plenty of them oh my god
like John keel said I missed a bunch of
subscribers sorry everybody I'm looking
back to the mountain universe reboot
sounds like a fantastic jumping-off
point to be if I were still reading yes
oh okay
evitt zidar or yvette siddharth thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciate it umm grooving 42 thank you
for subscribing appreciations all around
Zeca mido thank you for subscribing I'm
sorry that I missed all of you but we
appreciate it every single one of you we
really do appreciate it
I get to talk in and I'm not looking at
the monitor it's hard like I want to
talk to jail I put the computer in front
of your face I thought I just did as I
put the laptop thing in between me and
Jane like rich is playing so he's
concentrating on something else I don't
need to look him in the eye but yeah me
and Jay are just talking here with
microphones in front of our face a
little weird now
how does this work day I I'm just
looking at an Apple logo now I can look
on your dash for subs you don't have to
physically throw scroll through the chat
is that true
that'd be great well look into that
right now one of these days you'll
figure out how this twitch thing works
you know every time I think I have it I
don't that's okay there's no more to
that story
Oh Bucky what has you had is asking
about samurai cop - mom I don't know
what we'll do with samurai cop - we'll
see it of course sure I guess we'll make
a decision after we see it who knows I
mean of course we see of course we're
going to see it as if of course you see
it are you not laughing on seeing you
all rich is the least biggest fan of all
out of all of us with the original
samurai cop so you got to see it I'm
even if it's terrible I'm glad it exists
I think it was just a bad oh say my god
I'm watching you guys once again samurai
cop is pure joy and then I saw I'm
saying well I've seen it a second time
since oh why wouldn't I love this how do
i how do I view who subscribed in my
dashboard tell me tell me how to do
things that apparently I should already
know how to do
how do you do I'm in my dashboard you
guys liars you guys are liars the horse
that's many steps professor physics
that's the thing would samurai cup 2 we
don't know if they're going to play up
the badness I kind of got the impression
from the little bit I know about the
movie that they're just while up until
the casting of Tommy was so which is I
don't know about that but up until then
it seemed like they were just going to
try and make a low-budget action movie
with the characters from samurai cobb
yeah
which has the potential to go either way
but we'll see
I don't know what kind of tell him
they're going for I still don't
understand it the Tommy was so thing is
sort of a push in the wrong direction
potentially but who knows agreed
agree that it's a push in the wrong
direction yes
I think I and personally I would think
that that one show their hand well that
yeah that's the thing that's it's kind
of the impression I God knows yeah who
knows that's true uh we don't know what
his role in the movie is pika
juice thank you for subscribing
I get that name hey J and rich down a
juice and I I believe that's a PlayOn
Pikachu lady juice bars was throwing me
off Jack hi
I know Pikachu is there are knows a
Pikachu is widest why is calling them
pick a juice make it because he sent it
sounds like he says pika juice when he
does a lightning attack in Super Smash
Brothers that's what I'm going to assume
okay if I'm completely off I've been
wrong or about different things and then
take a specially grammar pika juice
thank you for subscribing we very much
appreciated especially grammar
so wrong jack so wrong am i failure
oh it's an opiate anthony reference oh
well I don't listen to Opie and Anthony
you know there are even a thing anymore
I didn't want to leave or get fired or
fall off a building something happen
although Jim Norton came-- comedy guy
Jim Norton he's on that show I guess or
was on that show and there's someone
posted a clip of him on the show one
time talking about the blanket reviews
oh sure honey he might have just been a
guest or something I know I think he's a
regular oh that could be a thing that's
fine neither of I I've just seen that
clip I've heard the name yes it was a
popular program apparently I did I
believe they were shock jocks that's why
I would never listen to oh you're right
here about that stuff Jay should save
this kind of conversation for his blog
you're oh that's true I'll talk about it
I'll talk about on one of my upcoming
vlogs that's great that's great how do
you think of the titles for your blogs
like you just pick out what you talk
about most or like you know little tot
the title of each vlog it's just
whatever I talked about in the video and
whatever I talk around the videos just
you know whatever is on my mind yeah but
sometimes you jump around you know and
your topics they're not always so
condensed oh you mean like if I'm
talking about multiple things why do I
name it ones right things done that once
Jack yeah I've only done that once I
just ask generally like where do you get
your ideas from
I wear a where do ideas come from Jack
they just end up in your brain I wake up
in the morning whatever's on my mind
that's right I'm gonna do a vlog about
this grind laughs that's great that's
the way to do it I think that's great
but keeps it fresh that's great
thanks great that's a good question how
rich how are you doing oh my god you're
dying you for Hull points a store oh
okay
he's at a store he's gonna be fine right
I know I would get into the yellow sure
I don't know I have a I do this and I
don't know why I have no idea where you
are in the game I'm gonna fight right
knee what the fuck that's garbage
okay that's garbage less garbage um my
turds are green my turds are cream oh
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it the first two
months my turds are green it's time to
see a doctor
ah I tried to Beck's seed game rich
wouldn't listen to me because I didn't
know what I was talking what they said
Jackie you should back seed game for a
change
I don't know what I'm talking about so
I'm not going to
yeah this UI looks like something out of
a Commodore 64 says something who's
never played a Commodore 64 obviously
never played a Ryan this looks nothing
at all in any way shape or form not not
not even remotely not even if we
pixellated the graphics with this thing
collect something at 64 cuz this game
isn't really like a pixel art game no
even no it's not which is I think what
he's trying to get into and he played
pixel games hey this is what the idiot
just realized this he just said it as an
offhand joke
yeah now he's just getting slammed for
it pretty much
yes vvvvvv looks like a Commodore 64 yes
that is correct
I want to say someone out someone hacked
super hexagon to play on an Atari and
upload a video on it look pretty it
looked pretty sweet huije how are those
new key tapes doing oh pretty good yeah
pretty good we need you know a couple
more like two two or three mate or three
mar 2 2014 3 more maybe three I think we
could do it with two but if we had three
be like a sure thing oh absolutely yeah
yeah one for safety that's what they say
one for safety well the full scale
really 500k yeah Wow just looking a
little bit these things are under arrest
we're under estimating how many more
okay all right five rich says fine
that's true okay
maybe I underestimated how much work was
we're also just trying to get this done
and so it's like eventually eventually
there needs to be a realistic cutoff
point here I just measure I was
measuring the back side I think maybe
five more all right all right that's
fine okay five more new key tapes you
heard of here ah so so I buy this
teleporter and it cost me almost every
thing I have rather than fully upgrading
ship yeah first thing I run across as a
drum ship with no air ah great
investment great sometimes I don't they
don't work out bridge long-term you got
to think long through
that's what you got to think
oh that's a really good question cockle
over 9,000 Jay can you confirm the rumor
that it took 12 years to make the film
boyhood oh my god I don't know if you
guys heard this it took 12 years to make
boyhood it took him 12 years to make
that move that must be an amazing work
of art yes great well I mean it did take
12 years yeah and obviously how long
something takes to make is directly
correlated with how good it is
absolutely absolutely that's great
that's great that's great everything's
great more so I just asked that question
so I can say cockle overnight with a
username like cock lover 9000 I'm sure
you would love boyhood because it's now
what that wasn't like a that probably
came out more like a weird like sexual
thing I just meant like with a name that
juvenile you would probably enjoy a
sophisticated a fake sophisticated art
house film about growing up in child I
didn't mean it a fake sophisticate
thanks investigative of you growing up
okay that came out it probably came out
like a some sort of weird sexual slam
who wants to survive and save the galaxy
who wants to survive I fucked that one
up you did damn it
you did J
spits yuck what there's one of me hey
hey that's at me bragging it oh there it
is a bowl of special okay okay
Oh bull Special K okay I'm sitting kind
of dis you're right I found it it's okay
everything's okay everything could be
fine Oh
aw come on I said start typing the
cursor just goes away right why is that
I don't I don't know I'm very sorry and
I don't know
I don't know what I'm sorry all right
I'm fucking everything's fine all the
time we did we did we started a little
bit later today than we normally did
because rich and I were filming the next
episode which I'm pretty excited about
mmm can you say any more about it or do
you not want to yet the you know we kind
of I kind of painted myself into a
corner with the title because you know
we have to say what the next episode is
oh yeah before we upload the previous
episode so we get that little thumbnail
reg and I wanted to title it
why Super Mario Brothers is more
immersive than Call of Duty okay which
will be the title just because that's
what I put I guess I can always change
it thumbnail but it's it's more so why
why is this old classic game more
immersive than this modern new game okay
and I feel like our conversation went
very well when a little off the rails
when specifically talking about college
it has an interesting title okay so
that's all that's fine yeah
it has a title which will hopefully get
people interested in watching it have
some good content for them to watch not
necessarily relate to the someone
related to the title hmm enough related
where if I do end up titling it that I
won't feel very bad about it okay well I
will say I am NOT a fan of YouTube
videos with misleading titles
yes leading content so you gotta be
careful with that kind of thing it's
true that's true cuz yeah you could you
could like want to watch say a video
button like someone's thoughts on
modern-day news right sure yeah and you
see that thumbnail in like oh this is
someone's thoughts on today's news and
you click on it that's what it is
I love that one that is yeah yeah you
want to be satisfied you can get what
you're expecting yes absolutely
yes yes
yeah none it's not necessarily deceptive
dad like it's it's a no-no we've had
this discussion about what clickbait is
before mmm and to me clickbait is is a
intriguing title but then no content Wow
content countenance no countenance no
content to back up the intriguing title
yeah okay ten reasons why we love
Jennifer Lawrence oh yeah and then it's
just like a slide show that you hook
through yeah and then after the first
two slides there's like an ad you have
to click off the ad and then like the
one of the slideshow pictures is like
because she looks like this and it's
just a paper version so yeah
there's no content that BuzzFeed is
BuzzFeed the one that does a lot of that
type of stuff it's 100% buzz you know
so that's clickbait and so to me having
a eye catching title does not clickbait
make it okay that's a proper sentence
but but you also need an eye-catching
title or for people to watch it who
aren't our fans already sure so there's
a balance between good title and
clickbait I understand I know you do but
they don't

[Part II]
yes oxygen you'll be amazed at what
happens next
oh yeah this homeless man asked for five
dollars and you won't believe what god
yeah ten reasons my check Packard is
wrong about Farscape good job leftover
beefcake oh wait no is that you that
said that gave us that's pretty good
nice have you seen clickhole yes Davey
club's version of it is so great
yeah they nailed it I'm really upset at
them for not stealing one of my ideas
but making a video before I could mm-hmm
I wanted to make a video entitled you'd
be amazed they're like you're eating
this food all wrong you won't believe
why you're eating food all wrong I'm
like making like a diet video okay but
just have people like take like pizza
and stick it in their ear oh sure just
like they are literally eating incorrect
Shh and they made that thing click Oh
made that yeah it's really upsetting
that happened something I had it all
planned out doing like Timmy Higgins was
gonna come over there's like two days
before that it came out beat me to it
then that weird when that happens though
and it's like someone has the exact same
idea it happens it does happen it's just
weird when spontaneous creation because
it's not just that it happens and it
always seems to happen really close to
when you have the I assure or when you
plan on executing it and yeah there's
something in here I don't know how that
works I don't know how it works either
it came up a lot though when I was
watching videos for Funny or Die you
would see very similar premises all the
time
yeah there was one in particular that I
tried to look more into I tried to like
contact both of the video makers because
it was so similar do you remember the
boPET you know like it was like a little
divisive oh yeah yeah :
yeah yeah like it and it was two videos
that started with them bopping it and
then eventually the Papa told them to do
awful things okay kill your mother
what sure sure um and I was just like do
these people know each other and it was
uploaded to separate videos and I found
out they were in separate parts of the
country were uploaded the exact same day
Oh weird and so they must have shot and
edited around the exact same time but
they're in different parts of the
countries and it was literally they both
start with the Popat and then the boPET
starts telling them to do evil things
Wow it was insane and it's like you
think about that that's an easy premise
that's yeah I can see someone doing that
but the idea there would be to upload on
the same day it's sort of weird yeah Wow
and I couldn't I couldn't get ahold of
them to follow through just like to
figure out I wanted to backtrack their
thought process because I thought it was
so interesting that's crazy
new that's crazy
all right I can't find good weapons so
I'm going with teleportation of mind
control I think mind control I like it I
usually don't do mind control but
boarding seems to be my only I mean do
you want to spend some cash on your haul
yeah the answer is yes sorry salad baked
I didn't mean to scare you with me
telling you to kill your mother but
that's Oh rich they're saying you should
buy bug porn what is bringing that up
but someone just mentioned for the
mantises I don't know maybe what'swhat's
the reference why why then why now I
think they just really enjoyed that race
really enjoy that okay and they wanted
to bring up something they really
enjoyed I guess what I'm saying is
settle down rich what is who really
enjoy someone who's referencing an
earlier stream but like a stream from
months ago a month ago and I thought it
funny so I mentioned its original rich
shot it right down just just poo pooed
it away
mm-hm
trying to think of what else to talk
about I haven't watched anything
interesting lately I haven't seen any
movies lately and then do Busey I
watched John Carpenter's Village of the
Damned but you also listen to his album
well he listened to his that ones I
talked about me was awesome that's what
made me think like because I've seen all
of his great movies so nobody tie it was
like I'm in the mood to watch John
Carpenter movie what have I not seen
recently in Village of the Damned I'd
only seen once cuz it's kind of lame
okay so I watched that looks great it's
a good look at movie so bad it's gonna
meet premise but it's a remake so it
looks like the exact same movie is the
original no it was the last movie that
Christopher Reeve did before his is exha
dent yeah Tim Kirstie Alley and
Mark Hamill is a priest really it's it's
not a terrible movie yeah it's just not
all that interesting the ending is
pretty great because it's it's a movie
about like evil children which I like
evil children movies I guess I'm gonna
go spoilers cuz nobody cares about
Village of the Damned the end of the
movie is cuz it's this town and the
setup is really neat actually it's this
town where the the parameters of the
town everybody in the town just falls
into a coma the exact same time okay
so when they all wake up like a day
later a couple hours later whatever it
is like there there's one part where
they're there at like a like a barbecue
but the guy passed out on the grill so
you know everybody wakes up and he's
burnt to death on the grill sure um but
like ten women in the town were
mysteriously impregnated during the
course of everybody being passed out and
then you know they give birth of the
children and they're all these like
white haired little kids sure it was
sort of connection and bond and there's
something alien like about other evil
children so the end of the movie
Christopher Reeve has them all in a barn
and he sacrifices himself and just blows
the barn up and blows up all these
little children it's wonderful
so it's not certainly not what a job
carpenters best but that's a very
nice-looking movie yeah there that was
in his period word he was not making his
best work I want some cigars it's the
least accurate impressive him good
congratulations rich you win the award
now Lisa and I were after our Farscape
debacle our scada box we tried another
sci-fi show which was kind of equally
mad but a little more interesting to us
called defiance okay I think which has
some of the most dreadful CG sequences
ever seen yeah a sci-fi channel original
no budget and so like it's supposed to
be this like post-apocalyptic alien
I have taken over kind of thing and they
had this like extended Jeep chase
through alien landscape that was I mean
they might have well had put a cartoon
in the middle of the live-action TV show
that's how bad the CG was both been
watching mediocre entertainment I'm
gonna I'm gonna have to go back because
I bet John Carpenter's been on my mind
because of this album I have to go back
and watch all the good ones but I've
seen them all so many time yeah I love
those movies but
subscriber we do Rhines lee thank you
for subscribing I hope you're enjoying
talking about mediocrity that's all we
got right now it's January much Oh Jane
Vulcan Oh sinnerman the John Carpenter's
Masters of Horror episodes I really
liked the first one cigarette burns with
Udo cure I thought that was pretty good
and I was like the first thing he was
directed and got close to a decade what
is it well it was a show on Showtime
called Masters of Horror the premise was
is each episode would be directed by a
different famous horror director oh okay
um most of them were kind of directors
that we're not Masters of Horror for a
couple of decades but there's any
promise and there was some good episodes
yeah he did one for that and the second
season he directed one work I don't
remember the name of it was but a
monster attacked an abortion clinic and
Ron Perlman was in it
I only saw it once I think when it
originally aired so I have to watch it
but I remember that not being so great
I mean solid premise oh absolutely
monster Tex an abortion clinic where
didi Isaac x03 nine thank you for
subscribing
welcome to mediocrity mastery I like
that masters of our masters people that
were at one point okay at least maybe
that part of the title was cut out
Masters of Horror dot a couple decades
ago there's a couple solid episodes it
was never it was kind of a disappointing
show I was looking forward to it
most of the episodes were pretty
mediocre it was two seasons and then I
think there was like a network version
of it
called like fear itself and that ran one
season and unlike NBC or one of those
networks the same basic idea but for
whatever reason a different name yeah
the best one the master Sephora was the
Takashi Miike one called imprint that
was way better than it stood out so much
from the rest of them is really brutal
and cool cool
do you watch American Horror Story no
just thinking of fun I've seen the first
two seasons okay when I started watching
the first season I actually went on the
message board of the red letter media
message board it was like does it get
better because it was like but I watched
the first episode and it was more than
anything it was the editing drove me
nuts okay there's like every second
there was a cut and it was really
distracting it's like calm down like you
can create more atmosphere if you take
your time and it was just like cut cut
cut and it never got path I'd never led
up so that was sort of annoying I'm just
coming got used to it after a while I
think that it's a terrible show all
right but it's really excessive and I
think that's part of the point so I
think they're aware of what they're
doing I think it's certainly contention
aliy trashy I'm still not sure what I
think of that show but the first season
is like oh our house is haunted with a
ghost oh wait there's another ghosts and
in the next episode oh wait there's all
their ghosts and it's just like all
these different generations of ghosts
haunting this one house to the point
where it's is so convoluted
the second season I like a little bit
more because it was in like an insane
asylum and there's some creepy nuns and
shit like that okay but those are the
only ones I've seen the third one I
think just got added to Netflix so maybe
I'll watch it Kathy Bates is on it oh
yes
Oh like that Kathy Bates he's great he's
great things she's great and things in
general hmm never ends what recently
wanted to re-watch misery have you ever
seen misery oh my god she's great that I
haven't seen in a long time
I kind of want to revisit that right now
rich is failing how are you in bad shape
yeah it's all has two points up so if he
gets hit two more times
oh my one missile he's direct oh there
you go no I don't want to waste all this
repairs I mean that's kind of awful I
mean I need to start upgrading the base
ship right I really need to do that
girls who's gonna keep getting fucked
yes yeah I'm with you
well people were saying do not watch
season 3 is that bad I'm curious about
season four cuz it's about a freak show
and that could be fun oh yeah I know
I think that show might be bad I'm not
sure it's bad but I've watched it the
first two seasons I'm still trying to
figure out what they're going for
engaging does not equal good here as
often we spend our time being engaged in
terrible movies
these are things we don't watch black
mirror holy fog black mirror is great
that's not Netflix it's a it's a British
show and it's like an anthology show
like a modern day sort of Twilight Zone
type show Oh
but each episode kind of deals with
modern technology it's sort of more
satirical than Twilight Zone okay oh my
god it's so great the first episode is
prime minister someone get know someone
gets kidnapped and the the ransom demand
they post some video on YouTube the
ransom demand is that I think it's the
Prime Minister he has to fuck a pig on
live TV so the whole episode is
everybody dealing with like this moral
dilemma and him like struggling with if
he should fuck this pig and all these
people try to come up with ways to like
do special effects so that looks like
he's fucking a pig but he's not really
it's so great no it's really well done
this sounds fantastic it's great yeah
like you're fucking a pig and you think
comical but it's played like completely
like sure if someone's life was in your
hands and to save them you had to fuck a
pig like that's what not just fucking
pig you the fucking pig I'm live on live
TV yeah oh my black mirror black mirrors
I can't recommend black me or more all
the episodes are really great okay I
guess there's more than what's on
Netflix I think it's only like six
episodes on Netflix
okay sure and of course for a British
show that's like three seasons yeah
there's a couple really really good
episodes that's great
yeah ooh lost in Technicolor is saying
he sent Patton Oswald a Facebook message
about his new book and how much I loved
it and loved his movies and rlm and he
replied oh that Patton Oswalt's a good
guy what a nice fella he's a good guy
what a nice fella
oh they're just giving episodes now up
like mirror yeah that the first episode
is the pigfucker one that really catches
it okay but there's another one where
it's like everybody has this thing
implanted in their eyeball where they
can like replay on a TV stuff they've
seen their past because it just records
everything that's me and how that ends
up like tearing this couple apart and
it's really dramatic and really good
because he's like obsessed with things
that have happened in her past so she
wants to see it you know replay
something I'm going to watch you should
it's really really good good the other
day I needed something to watch and I
forgot that new the new season of
Sherlock is a lisanna in general okay
that's good I've never watched any of it
it's fine if you like detective show
yeah I do so I like it
and that Benedict Cambridge Cambridge
Bishop we like him and I forgot that the
season there the episodes don't
necessarily have to be anytime and so
you hear I was like oh maybe it's like
half hour hour I can watch that it's
like an hour and 40 minutes oh yeah yeah
and so that's black mirrors the same way
to where episodes are different lengths
there you usually under an hour but damn
British till their first seasons 3
episodes their second seasons 12
episodes or third seasons three episodes
who cares this episode five minutes I'm
thinking about Black Mirror I need to go
back and re-watch those yeah no we won't
spoil any black mirror
but I that's what I will be watching
next that sounds that's not very excited
it's it's really really good and it's
really cinematic like they're really
well shot lots of lots of production
value yeah yeah so used to cheap looking
American TV shows each episode like
they're all right around an hour or a
little bit less but each episode could
be a feature film that's great it was
just expanded a little bit they all look
great
brendan van halen thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it I
mean Jon Hamm is on the Christmas Black
Mirror episode that one isn't on Netflix
I'll have to check that out that's
interesting
Jon Hamm he's a good one yeah he's great
yes I've never seen Mad Men I'd have
just seen him in like guest appearances
and shit he's always really funny like
he's in bridesmaids he's got a small
cock bridesmaids and he's funny in that
he's good and madmen I need to watch Mad
Men the only problem is whenever he's
very sad which is often okay he looks
like a turtle
he does this thing and and just like his
lips jut out in a perfect little
triangle okay and he kind of looks like
a turtle and it makes me giggle every
time he's having a real emotional moment
all right
I've I've never been disappointed by an
episode of madmen but at the same time I
don't seek it out it's like it's just
consistently good but I've never like be
like gotta catch that new episode of man
sure cuz the men it's so bad
Rich's tactus Eisen that's a word
urban Verma says more like Jon Hamm some
am i right you are that is an attractive
attractive man
gobbledygook that's a very straight
that's a strange enough question where
I'm going to talk about it no I can't
imagine that rich has ever tried
e-cigarettes no cigarettes why would you
bring that up you we've talked about
rich not drinking caffeine not drinking
alcohol what I would wear can't can't
give up those e-cigarettes though use
the word thing rich does smoky
cigarettes but the kind with no nicotine
just the vapor he thinks they look cool
we keep telling him they don't yeah
that's really random that's the wrong
thing to bring up really random yeah
well that's the thing he was just random
enough that it caught my attention new
studies there's a YouTube show i watch a
health care are you dude showing about
e-cigarettes we don't know a lot about
him yet no really yeah and the FCC are
not the FCC FDA FDA keeps trying to
crackdown but no studies have been done
on how like okay these cigarettes in
general so right now it's a huge
industry because there's no regulation
oh yeah okay
well I'm gonna give up my e-cigarettes
tomorrow you should you really should or
don't I don't care give yourself cancer
and other diseases from this thing that
we don't know anything about whatever
these cigarettes that are bold new
frontier right
all right so I was America one of the
how does it work that's it sorry I was
trying not to blow up people how do
these cigarettes work you you vaporized
smoke it's it's vaporized liquid and
like the chemical version of nicotine
and so their claim is that because
there's no smoke no like ash no tar it's
better for you
but there's still nicotine particulates
in the air you know like you exhale
chemicals still everybody I know who
smokes cigarettes yeah they do it
because they're addicted cigarettes I
don't know what you get out of nicotine
in the first place
well you're addicted to the nicotine the
nicotine you you would normally you
would get addicted to something because
it makes you feel good or they don't
like me in the first place
nicotine gives you a buzz yeah yeah you
get addicted to it where like if you
don't have it you know why it would
start in the first place yeah knowing
that no like it gives you a buzz it
gives you a little bit of a boost it
makes you a little light-headed it makes
you feel good yeah can't stop yeah yeah
oh yeah it's incredibly this that's yeah
I grew up around smokers I was like this
is the worst yes like no thank you
it was great when I was a smoker
I enjoyed that hell on Oh mostly because
it's a drug and yes drugs I never
understood it was like it make you stink
as as soon as it was really all done as
soon as I was really all quit I felt one
zillion times better sure no doubt about
it yeah but you know
you have your little routine and you
know like now I have a nice healthy
routine and I feel really good about
that good breakfast oh my god now you're
addicted to to a healthy routine yes
but back in the day you know like I have
my cigarette on my drive to school and
I'm just good to go and do this and have
my cigarette here and I need my
cigarette ya know it's it's a it's a
number yeah I'm really not around anyone
that smokes anymore I got no one that I
am around on a regular basis smokes so
it's weird like I was out the other
night and someone said I'm going out for
a cigarette and they went out for a
cigarette and then when they came back
in I was like oh God like the smell was
like ridiculous I know I was I was so
removed for for so long
like there's nobody I'm her own smokes
regularly so you know it was like it was
really like if you I was around you know
people like that more often I'd probably
be more used to it but having been
distant from it for so long now and then
being exposed to it again I was like
Jesus it was his way more prominent
awful yeah I that recently happened to
me as well what a coincidence
and and just you know like it's it's I'm
gonna call it a dank yeah cuz it's worse
than a stink where it's like a bitter
sting it's a stank yep Emma Philip Oh
Bruno thank you for subscribing he's
been with us for the past five months he
or she or they or its I don't mean to
presume I assume and I shouldn't because
it makes an ass out of you and me
yeah I remember you know there's the big
deal about the smoking ban in Wisconsin
oh yeah how long ago was that now six
seven years ago years ago yeah
no negative impact whatsoever wrong
business is faster yeah no not at all
and I remember the the bar that I would
frequent did the scrub down and I was
talking to the bartender's cactus Club
there's a bar that do it they have good
bands by there and nice beer selection
cactus club Milwaukee was good after the
smoking ban they closed down for a day
and just scrub the entire oh yeah sure
just to like wash all the cigarette off
of the walls
I don't stalk with the bartender's
answer is that like a fucking discus no
no because the cigarette what else I'm
sure they haven't washed along probably
not
but then it was like the thing I
remember most is coming home after a
night out
oh yeah yeah which I if I was out I
generally wouldn't do that anyway cuz I
would be drunk I just want to go to
sleep but waking up the next morning and
just that smell yeah that that's stale
cigarettes no and I would have to be
repaired oh yeah at least I would make
you oh god she she blame her she would
kick me all night if I if I fell asleep
thinking like cigarette that's
understandable
absolutely
Oh God someone saying they bought a
house from a smoker yep
oh yeah yep that'll happen no it's it's
tough when I was when I was younger I I
worked helping clean out apartments
after tenants would leave and that's
something we would have to do often it
just scrubbed down the walls and if
someone had been there for a long time
and they were a smoker he would take the
sponge to the wall and it would drip oh
yeah I've seen that it was enough to
make you vomit it was the and yet
afterwards I still became a smoker
that's how powerful nicotine is oh my
god it's great I don't know if I have a
favorite Troma movie as I have not seen
many of them I'll probably say it talks
a good thing about you just because I
mean that's the big one yeah
oh man the first time I saw toxic
avenger I was probably way too young too
I thought it was I honestly thought it
was a movie about sloth from the Goonies
yeah cuz I'd see that cover at the video
star all the time and his face kind of
looks like it so me and my friend John
rented it and I realized now of course
that it's a comedy but at the time there
was like extreme gorn it like a little
kid gets his head run over by a car and
like so my brain couldn't process the
idea that it was a comedy mm-hmm so I
was like this is the most fucked up
thing I've ever seen cuz there's so much
like extreme Gordon yeah it was probably
like God how old would I have been 10
maybe so it's like I I did not get that
it was supposed to be a comedy because I
was so taken aback by the violence and
it wasn't it was until years later was
like oh but that fucked you up as a kid
it really did like I we were both we
both like felt dirty and weird after
watching it I was like I want to go home
now like I just want to sit in my room
by myself and look at the wall like I
really like it really fuck with me
mentally cuz I just did not understand
it I'm sure that if the people who made
that movie could hear you say that they
would like it
no absolutely no Lloyd Kaufman yeah
that's right there was a there was a
cartoon of toxic event toxic Crusaders
yeah it was Ninja Turtles were popular
so they had their own Saturday morning
environmentally themed cartoon about a
group of mutants there was there's lots
of like talk about the environment and
taking care of the environment and that
was actually part of like carpets things
like if I'm gonna do this dumb kids show
I want to have it have a message so he
worked it is great yeah that's fine I
think I probably still have some talk
super Seder toys somewhere in a box oh
you need those some but pooper out of
the butt would like to know what my
favorite vegetable dish and/or vegetable
is I suppose a potato is technically a
vegetable
is that your favorite I mean my potato
it is I don't know Irish heritage
potatoes are fucking great and
everything cuz they're covered in butter
and so so you like vegetables when
they're covered with unhealthy things
and make them less like vegetables 100%
in in real life I would say broccoli I
really enjoy broccoli I eat a lot of
broccoli so broccoli is good
Jay what is your favorite vegetable dish
probably broccoli I also really like and
people are pretty
torn on this one yeah I like Brussels
sprouts
I like Brussels I really like Brussels
I'm with you on that okay do you how do
you prepare them
i I just steam them yeah add a little
bit of salt a little bit of pepper and
just need them
I don't do that's the way I'm with most
vegetables I don't add like graduations
I couldn't Sami ACK you're on the team
yeah do it yeah no I eat my vegetables
pretty much raw I Steve um but I don't
do much else with them he's right there
yeah little olive oil salt pepper bacon
why don't bake Oh bake them put them in
the oven 375 for like 20 minutes half
hour yeah the outside will get like a
little black and crispy and the whole it
like they'll steam the inside but it'll
be a little crunchy a little crispy mmm
change your life okay change your life
okay that's how I used to you until you
got lazy well yeah it's a two pairing
food is time-consuming really
time-consuming I've moved to cauliflower
I don't like cauliflower all that much
that's yeah it's not as land it's not as
good as Brussels sprouts yeah but it's
much quicker yeah sure you know and
that's our vegetable discussion today on
vegetable Jeff like for breakfast they
have spinach spinach with my eggs
Alex vintage a lot too and I like I like
that but um the eggs overpower
everything so I can't necessarily say I
like spinach you know what I do what I
make because I tend to prepare food like
well in advance like I'll make you know
a bunch of one thing and just keep it in
the freezer sure
heat it up or cook it or whatever I make
spinach patties okay they take spinach
and take like a bag of spinach frozen
spinach all right you can't do it brush
to an egg some breadcrumbs a little bit
of cheese and then you make like pennies
out of it anyway how do you and they use
cook them on my laptop
sounds great yeah they're really good
you're right food generally takes a lot
of time just stop eating and see how
much free time again it's true yeah yeah
no I'll cook like like four or five
chicken breasts at a time and then just
store them in the fridge and consume
them throughout the week so don't worry
about it that's fine like I need super
simple I try to keep things simple yeah
I only do one dish meals yeah just
because yeah it's like four for
breakfast it's spinach eggs beans with a
little like salsa sauce we gotta have
the house sauce then lunches chicken
broccoli beef any I just frozen chicken
frozen broccoli dinner I've been mostly
fishing cauliflower oh fish been moving
to fish this is good for some reason I
just haven't been very red meaty lately
no I don't know what that is about me
but yeah I'm not in general as far as
stuff I prepare at home but if I'm out
I'll eat the fuck out of a steak oh man
oh listen there's nothing better than a
well-prepared steak if I'm not used Eden
you gotta do you gotta find called
vagina you get you all you have to do is
you have to know what farm the cow comes
from and pay the farmer a little bit
extra to kill a cow in heat this cow
died wanting to get laid and I can taste
it right listen for anyone who's bored
by our vegetable conversation talk about
something I see but this is this is our
lives in general eat healthy yes this is
the thing that happens I missed a sub
thank you
they're telling me but hey
but pooper out of the button thank you
for subscribing dan you already say that
well I answered a question Oh subscribe
you just like saying that name
I just understandable I answered a
question from bud pooper out of the bun
and afterwards by pooper out of the
button subscribe wait what was their
name but pooper out of the button ok
what I don't understand is is like if I
don't understand pooper because
generally a pooper is also is an acronym
for but yeah where is a synonym for bun
yes so if it's but pooper out of the but
that means you're pooping a bun out of
me that's what they were going for I
like it yeah works on so many levels he
works at at least two levels number two
it works on number two level it wasn't
even thinking that J alright excellent
know so we've moved on from talking
about vegetables to talking about poop
well you know if you eat your vegetables
that's what you're gonna talk about nice
let me talk to you about regularity it's
great don't ever email me at 10 o'clock
in the morning it'll take you are the
responder TMI whew
it's it's worse that you said TMI I know
that's why I said it okay great I don't
say that in general conversation
I appreciate that about you
Elvis Elvis that sounds great two
tablespoons olive oil 4 to 8 ounces of
bacon chopped 1 pound Brussels sprouts
the stems trimmed 1 cup dried figs
stemmed and quartered salt ground pepper
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar sounds a
little complicated what is it I guess
that's what food is just a bunch of
things that you throw together that's
what it dishes I I prefer if I'm feeling
extra saucy I bake chopped up bacon with
my Brussels sprouts it's actually been a
couple months now since I've had bacon
yeah I've been really trying hard to cut
bacon out of my diet which is a very
difficult you guy I know you don't care
for it as I say you could replace it
with turkey bacon fuck you turkey
Bacon's good in there so making it is
not i eat turkey bacon very regularly it
is a lie and I will not eat food that is
alive it's not a lie I will not eat
turkey bacon I will not eat fricking
fake chicken whatever they call that and
veggie burgers fuck that none of those
things are lies though they are exactly
what they say a veggie burger you know
what I do with veggie burgers I put it
on top of a regular burger okay
protective really I don't think I've
ever had a veggie burger
I mean it just tastes like a bunch of
vegetables squished together okay this
tastes like onions okay so that's why I
put it on top of a regular Wow okay sure
they're you turkey Bacon's good it makes
me and it's so so much better for you
than bacon yeah I just cut out the whole
thing I'd rather I would rather cut out
all baked in the turkey bacon
okay squirts Mik poo this is like a
competition now thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
and I appreciate the names a competition
for the most juvenile name I think
squirts mcpoot takes it if I'm gonna be
the judge oh my god you got you a full
hole how far are you okay great
I am near the end to more sectors three
do I have the last bosses full sector
that's great you're doing you're doing
very well
loner at our John yes I love sushi
oh yeah I love sushi so goddamn much it
hurts we have uh we have a good sushi
place here my monkeys duties I have been
there in so long good sushi places that
is we have a couple okay sushi places
and then we have several terrible sushi
places
what's the terror I don't I've never
been to a terrible one there's one
there's one like three people I don't
know remember otters girl that's like
three blocks away from Benihana
okay Ana's isn't a great sushi place
yeah there's one a couple blocks down
like closer to Grand Avenue in the hole
that is some of the worst goddamn suits
you have ever eaten never been there I
ate it out of desperation I don't think
I've been no sushi place other than to
zoomies in Milwaukee cuz why would you
why would you because it's a zoomies
it's great usually if I'm with a group
and I'm trying to convince people to do
sushi will go to Benihana because I also
do the e-bot that's that's the safe
place yeah yeah and then they can if for
it cuz no one else eats sushi that I
know a girl Briana's well Jack let's go
get sushi sometime how about that I
would go get sushi got them love sushi
I'm okay with sashimi that's just the
fish on top of the rice yeah I like this
shit yeah I like I like sushi as a
presentation of shit put together which
is all food as much as shit
Liferay my favorite.i is is any sort of
soft-shell crab Oh Jerry because snot
shell crab just tastes like bacon it's
not it's basically a bathing suit so
we're gonna cut the stream short so we
can sushi right now if someone saying
you missed a sub I do that I've been
doing that we don't have the sound on
right now so I can't hear the what the
fucks and we're busy talking about food
right we're just gonna continue to talk
about food square root of Jack poop
thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it I don't I
don't know maybe that's too clever a
name where I don't get it
what is it is where root of Jack poo I
think they just wanted to work poop into
it somewhere
I'm a writer yes get a little bit of a
rhyme root in poo yeah I think that was
what the intention all right that's fine
that's fine
I think that's fine
right if I get if I get real desperate
for tsukushi I'll go to pick and save
and get the pick and save sushi it's
fine no it's completely acceptable that
I disagree yeah that's fine I mean
obviously like you know what you're
getting it looks like yeah you're not
gonna go to a fast food place and
complain that it doesn't taste like a
you know a gourmet restaurant all right
but you'll get it sometimes all right
that's the pic and safe sushi I'll be
with you I'll be happy I know I have not
seen jiro Dreams of Sushi
I have not either I believe I've been to
his restaurant is that Jiro
what's a cup what's his name - boo No
Jiro's they know is a reference to Star
Wars Episode one The Phantom Menace Jiro
Nobu what a French restaurant called
boob is that Jiro no I'm gonna yeah yes
plan to blend mandalas I found out today
apparently that movie strange magic the
new Lucasfilm movie yes is one of the
worst grossing movies of all time
like opening weekend for movie that's
playing on more than whatever it is 3000
screens yeah
one of the worst openings ever great I
thought that was pretty interesting are
you tired of taking pleasure in George
Lucas's failures rich but it's not here
anymore
it's not even his failures though like
he's credited as story by and so like he
just told people like I maybe should
have fairies what is here's a question
who's gonna make his small personal
films that he keeps saying there's going
to make some day to him I guess so he
keeps on like all these little
experimental movies that a general
audience won't why he can someday he's
gonna make them he's never going to make
these movies he's an old man to him
strange magic is experience I haven't
seen it what ducky do you think you're
in here so you can see first thing thing
about our fairies they have swords
so we're calling them love pokers that
was rejected I don't know the most
disappointed either of you seen thx yes
I love that great it's looking at that
and then seems like it just feels like
so much wasted potential
it's like man if you continue to do
stuff like that who knows what would
happen well you know he went he went
from that to wouldn't be famous because
there wouldn't be a Star Wars damn it
you're right
there'd be another George Lucas failed
no no good well he went right from that
to American Graffiti mmm right which was
his like in his head that was like no
I'm gonna use my film school smarts to
like and make a corporate movie it's
gonna be great right was that intended
to be like a big studio movie though I
honestly don't know much about the
production of American Graffiti yeah
yeah well it was like his throwback to
like the greaser moment sure I've seen
it but I've seen it since high school
but as far as like if it was a big movie
I honestly don't
oh yeah I mean I know people look back
on it fondly now but yes it was it was
big and it was a studio movie you know
and then he kind of did the same stick
with Star Wars we can throw back to
something else yeah and I think that's
what's why thx is so interesting because
it's not throwback to anything it's just
it creates its own world yeah man I
really love that movie
you should I'm a big fan of future
dystopian movies about escape yeah like
there's movie that came out a few years
ago called beyond the black rainbow okay
have your it was on Netflix I don't know
if it still is oh man it's so good it's
just really really visual and really
it's really abstract but you can still
tell what's happening which is you gotta
have that balance absolutely but yeah
but this to substance I see one many
most thank you for subscribing these
past five months we really appreciate
all of them and that's the otherwise
Mario Mario I can't kill you again
you're still on my crew oh I didn't
super Dukey Ness super Dukey yet Super
Duke eNOS thank you for subscribing so
people are subscribing now just to make
names about food just to make poop names
which is incredibly I think we should
encourage also sir gex or geek C's yes
sir yes sexy thank you for subscribing
and also these past five months
we appreciate your renewed subscription
quest super shields oh that's great
get them get them okay the ship you
specifically get it by not attacking
we're Ohno get the shields you have to
be ultra peaceful okay do tell them
attempt to heal them okay
sir Zechs a surge exe house
it's supposed to be surge dot exe oh
well there was no way I could have known
that this is what I want to let you know
I just got that guy should I name this
person after the same person or a person
new person it's a it's a new crew member
all right I'm sorry solid baked you had
one jump with us but this guy's got max
dance and he's a Zoltan yeah so you're
fired that these are the rules these are
our made-up rules to a thing that is
made up in general so can i name you but
you're not faithful huh
this beats our old baby - rose I'm the
remix you would love to die but you're
gonna live so I can't name it after you
you have no faith I like I like your
arbitrary rules whatever I feel time
wrong with his name I understand is name
space cap space cop space care space cop
is joining I'm tired of space cop you're
not done with it yet no you can't be
tired of it at the tedious part of an
hour I'm doing lava
Kentucky meets showers that's a great
man that is a great name thank you for
subscribing and filling us with meets is
is that slang for something is that like
a witness the next thing I'm gonna give
you the Kentucky meet shower know what
it means but it sounds like something
awful like you better be good or I'm
gonna give you the Kentucky meet shower
no no it's just a thing you do know
that's funny
Kentucky meet our lucky me chair that's
funny we we appreciate some way did you
get the shield oh I'm saying don't
Google it sometimes you get it with it
with that I am NOT going to Google that
okay we will not Google Kentucky meet
shower if somebody else feels like
googling it and maybe giving us a no
limited explanation
No
Tyrone J can't take a break from space
cop to work on the next blanky review
because heads up it is when is it coming
out it's coming out tomorrow holy shit
you heard it here first we've been a
whole month of that news all night
coming out tomorrow 12:01 a.m. it comes
out in in literally at just about an
hour and a half I didn't even know that
you were finished it you were in such a
daze when I guess my mind is turned to
mush J made the new plank of review I
don't even remember doing yes this is
insane it's insane and incorrect
I haven't seen it yet what's your plugin
voice sound like I I can't even do this
is the crazy part is I can't even do the
plink of this J you had me watch it
before before we got started
why do I have no memory of this oh my
god did you get possessed did he do a
good plugin i I didn't even know it was
him I thought it I thought wow the real
mr. blinken Wow yeah look for that in
like an hour and 48 minutes holy shit
yeah tomorrow I'm just gonna vlog about
that the Kentucky meet shower was an
incident where large chunks of red meat
fell from the sky in a 100 by 50 yard
area near Ramkin Bath County Kentucky
for a period of several minutes on March
23rd 1876 now phenomenon was reported by
the New York Times in several other
publications at the time
so that's interesting that's crazy
that's pretty cool I mean that's great
that's great
it rains fish on the Fargo TV series at
one point does it yes oh that's another
one I need to see oh god the Fargo TV
show is really good it's like watching a
ten hour movie I'm excited to see that
I'm sure it'll come to screaming things
about its yeah I actually just bought it
on Amazon but it's it just dog yeah I
don't think it's it's not a Netflix or
anything yet but it's it's really really
worth watching oh my god if there was
such a thing as a Wisconsin butter bath
I would do that shit Oh someone is
mentioning the grim fandago old
point-and-click adventure game
critically acclaimed yes being dead has
just been remade and released for modern
systems I have the biggest first world
gaming problem of all time right now
which is what system do i buy it for I
know I want to play it so I'm gonna buy
it do i buy it for my computer knowing
that sometimes I have to like render
stuff out on my computer so I don't
necessarily want to like leave something
render in the background while I'm
playing a game Oh
good and install it get it from my
computer install it on my laptop for
just that reason
yeah or do I get it for my handheld
devices so I can play it while pooping
oh my god right see my problem is what's
your problem what they've done with the
game is it's not it's not a remake it's
just I hate remastering yeah so you know
it's easier to get to run on modern
systems mmm I think I might have tweaked
like the interface a bit better some
graphical updates might be neat but I
already own the game and I can get it to
run their probe third-party programs you
get to run sure it goes like justify
spending 14 bucks to own this exact same
game again you know just to I mean
literally it's just for easy a little
slight graphical boost yep
it's an event it's not for you it's for
me yes for people who don't already own
it for you like if you just if you
wanted I'm sure there's steam
achievements or whatever oh yeah I know
you love steam achievements Oh someone's
saying a shock muff shock wow we haven't
talked about anything that we always
been talking about food and poop we
haven't talked about anything that would
get the bingo oh if it was you think JIT
oh no you couldn't have heard rich say
that he doesn't like achievements yet I
mean congratulations they might be full
of it get it on the Vita that's what I'm
thinking it's available on my Vita and
out device then you can play it anywhere
not just while you're pooping but
anywhere while some things are under you
on your computer you can be playing yeah
but then it's a tinier screen no first I
don't I'll bake the Vita screen and his
first world from it's a nice screen you
know I could see it's a decent you're
bigger than a cell phone okay but
it's a good problem and I guess Oh
Krieger 7/8 oh he was just saying he
likes to say shock oh that's
understandable yeah you have to say it
like they say it at the end of the
trailer though Akbar J yes Elvis Elvis
has a question okay have you seen the
Japanese films House of Tetsu the Iron
Man oh I saw that earlier I think no
house or Tetsu the Iron Man those are
two different movies I've seen house
house ooh I own The Criterion version of
it okay it's one of the most bad shit
insane things I've ever seen
all right and we should watch it at some
point I've not seen sensitive the Iron
Man I've been meaning to forever it was
on Netflix for a while and then what's
not me melon made by the same no no it's
just another crazy Japanese movie all
right yeah house is great house is a
great movie to put out in the background
at like a party like a Halloween party
or something cuz they'll just have
someone walk by and catch like five
minutes of it and say what the fuck and
they move on and you have to pay
attention to the story okay that's great
yeah intensive the Iron Man I believe
has some certain ties to like body
horror and like weird body mutation
stuff which I'm interested in so right I
should watch it
I should track it down it sounded
Netflix anymore so I should seek it out
myself
I know they made a sequel to but I
haven't seen that it seems like a lot of
work that's what I did with possession
and now it's woman it's my favorite
movie it's my favorite movie ever so
sometimes you gotta seek things out I do
not regret finding possession but I mean
it's like if you have to type something
yeah yeah I got a website
I understand and like not only that you
have to like do some research beforehand
to see what you want we do we need an
emoticon for mist sub that I miss
another so oh my god don't think I did I
don't see miss up but yes I will I will
work on that
getting a dedicated emoticon for hey
idiots you missed a sub that's a good
idea
a good idea that came from square root
of Jack cool so April I love you how do
I feel about marriage after seeing
possession I feel like it backed up
everything I felt about marriage
beforehand that's why I love it so much
it was like this movie gets it one of my
first recollections of stand-up comedy
you know just I guess I'm just not the
marrying type
I mean a wedlock that sounds a little
too close to deadbolts you know I'm
saying
but as like a 14 year old I thought it
was brilliant who I knew nothing of
marriage at the time
Oh God not the words that is the word
and of Turkey very sad oh it was like
it's um below like wannabe stand up it
wasn't like a big standard okay oh my
god that's so bad that I loved it I mean
wedlock says look so close to dead bolt
he said nothing at all oh my god this
made your favorite joke
yeah it's it's a terrible joke but I
remember loving it and like trying to
repeat that to other kids as if it was
you know my own joke at 14 all the 14
year olds because we know a lot about
we tell you farming for gunner levels I
just I think did level up one guy but I
can't get through the ship shields okay
he's got a defense from that shooting
down Singh my goal think an early Canon
laser boys it's like every 50th shot
gets a hit on their ship
gotcha is he hitting you okay yeah well
I mean if it's working I think I can't
board because they got a mid pain right
I can't take out the medbay because I
can barely get through the shields sure
so a prayer too quick so right now
you're just leveling right now I'm just
slowly degrading this guy yeah all right
yeah they're saying send in your
boarding party button and even if you
take down the medbay but it looks like
they have a repair drop yeah no that was
not my job
that was not my job from standard my
jokes were much much worse
if only I was as good as the webblock
did both guys I've seen house of cards
jf you see house of cards I haven't I am
I should because I like David Fincher
but I don't know I don't care about like
political dramas and I'm sure it's more
than just that but Europe and I'm sure
it's a great channel bit I mean Kevin
Spacey's yeah I'm sure it's fine I just
say haven't found myself wanting to
bother to get into it I got pretty far
into it and again just like nothing
drove me to keep watching it yes this is
a fine show yeah I am no
so yeah fair enough yeah weird sometimes
you say things hey that was not a joke I
did really

[Part III]
he has it weird sometimes you say things
hey that was not a joke I did really
good it's the longer you settle down I
played a very hard original Nintendo
game hmm
I was gonna say spelunky is the game you
always talk about this is a difference
the monkey is a great game and after
playing spelunker spelunky took a lot of
cues from spoink er okay
Bunker's and NES go hard as fucking
balls oh yeah but after just like an
hour I already made it past the first
level and it's one of those you know if
you die you start fucking over from the
beginning of everything and it was great
and I did alright at it
done I'm whaling my finger at the
microphone
thank you I ain't donuts he liked one of
my jokes my really poorly timed
stuttering jokes for anyone who hasn't
heard there's no point in telling any
joke after the dead bolt
right there's no point comedy is dead
now that's the pinnacle I'm sorry I'm
sorry the way I would usually start my
sets is telling telling people that I
got into stand-up comedy as a way to get
over my stuttering because I used to
have a stuttering problem and getting up
on stage and talking to people has
really helped smooth that out if you're
interested you can go to the department
of therapies something I see I forget
already
oh yeah I know that's what it was at the
department of therapies I adopt they
have a website you go to wwm and i'll
help you out that's a funny joke because
it's like I'm stuttering I guess but I
got over my stutter I get it I
understand the concept maybe I should
explain it well you see what the joke
here is is that the guy you thought he
was going to farm but he's really going
to his bedroom to fuck his life but what
social construct tells us that fucking
an animal is wrong is a web blog that
sounds a little too close to dead bull
but see here's the funny thing about
that wedlocke brings two people together
dead bolts keep them up it's the best
joke haha
it's the best joke ever
yeah whatever just thinking about
thinking about the guy delivery day cuz
I can see it I copy the whole thing in
my head however you're picturing him
yeah I just picture how a guy who would
tell that joke looks yeah you're correct
alright you're like I want to say we
were on vacation somewhere and it was
just like the the comedy club at the
hotel or something and it was like an
all-ages thing no sure
you know okay it had to be of course oh
so it's not like somebody saw on TV it
was just some guy you saw somewhere was
some guys alive okay absolutely and and
it makes it even better
yeah I thought you're like just some
random comedy special on TV or something
no no some live and and he was billed
like it was like he was part of this
review show so there's a failed stand of
cafes on his doing these crappy like
resorts or whatever
yeah it was it was in hindsight
obviously like I said if when you're
when you're 14 and like I'm such a I was
and still am such a big fan of stand-up
so it's just like taking in all the
stand-up comedy I could to me was like
well it does sound the same but they
mean different you know my mind was
blown
I was also a really dumb 14 year old
okay if that helps yeah maybe he wasn't
neil hamburger neil hamburgers great I
saw Neil hamburger perform in Milwaukee
and it was like the have you ever seen
any of his stand-up it's like the
perfect like slightly outdated
references that's too outdated you know
now talking about like 80 stuff but he's
doing like sons of Britney Spears jokes
and it's like perfectly outdated like
the exact right amount it's the amount
of craftsmanship in his shitty jokes
yeah he's remarkable yeah now I see I
see some people mentioning like Patton
Oswalt's and stand-up and I have an
issue okay I don't think it's stand-up
what is it storyteller storytelling
can't be stand-ups we can be said
technique yes and I don't think it's
stand-up I guess if you have a very male
make the rules you can make that role up
once you own Webster's once you're in
charge of Webster's I have a goal
stand-up is beat in front of people and
same things that make them laugh it
doesn't have to be like take my wife
please
I think stand-up has a more structured
Jack
Jack what this is not an argument this
is not a debate
you are wrong stand-up comedy is more
structured jokes and there reaches a
point and so the most famous and best
legendary stand-up comedians do not
follow that structure though hacks
follow that structure like Seinfeld yeah
has structured jokes okay George Carlin
had structured jokes he is some he also
tells stories Richard Pryor tells story
told stories
no no they weave stories through their
structure jokes that's that's narrating
a June same as what Patton Oswalt does
I'm I'm I'm okay being a little wrong on
this I think I think they're like to me
it's it's probably like who get upset
with me when I call something a rogue
like and they're like actually this is
my thing I think there's a difference I
think there's a difference
I like Patton Oswalt I like his stories
well it's great he's a great storyteller
he's great at going up on stage and
saying things that are funny that is
true that is true that is true that is
true
oh god oh god you know what it's not a
real stream unless you guys are really
mad at me you're welcome
and you know we all have our things that
were wrong about mostly good job spakest
but yeah and they're like I'll agree
with you Jay patton oswalt
patton oswalt is a funny guy and he is
on stage with a microphone have you seen
these actually really good he gives a
really good performance in the movie
young adults have you seen that with
Charlize Theron no they're really good
movie and he's really great in it and
he's also in big fan which was directed
by the guy that wrote The Wrestler
Oh apparently that guy used to write for
The AV Club years ago but he wrote The
Wrestler and he groped and directed big
fan and bettan I was also really good in
that too that's that's like a movie yeah
it's yeah he's like a sports fan and
it's not you know completely socially
yeah yeah it's a good movie so yeah
Patton Oswalt to do more more acting I'm
sure you've seen because he was on was a
king of queens the sitcom that he was a
regular on for a while yes I've never
watched that show but I've seen the
clips on YouTube there's like a scene
it's like a party at their house and
Patton Oswalt just stands completely
still in the background staring at
nothing for the longest time the entire
scene and nobody noticed when they were
shooting I guess
I think I like that about him I like
that about that as well
little outside that box Co Resident Evil
vs. Silent Hill I've never played any of
the Silent Hill games rich and I aren't
the biggest hair game fans I've played
the Resident Evil games and I've
disliked most of them I like to Reza do
before because that was a little more
action orientated
aren't they all kind of action no no no
well I guess I know the movies more than
those amazing movies the first Resident
Evil game was was a very unique thing
that I hated it entirely which is it had
fixed cameras almost as if they were
security cameras okay but your character
moves normally and so like but you would
you would like like the camera being
here and your character would walk down
the hallway right so you have to press
left to make the character walk down the
hallway okay but then when you turn the
corner the camera would be here so you'd
have to then walk toward the camera and
so you'd have to like constantly change
which direction your character is
walking to have that character walk in
the same direction now yeah just
frustrating a nice little mystery game
Resident Evil 4 is great I played one of
the Resident Evil's yeah which one did I
play I don't even know it was okay
that's my story
yeah I don't know I was I was like I was
staying at a friend's house I was out of
town and there's crashing at their house
and they were at work all day so I just
had a video game system and they had
Resident Evil whatever and so I just
played it all day just to kill time I
think this is kind of fun do you
remember
it would have been 2000
did you play 2010 ish no older than that
you mean like 2008-2009 so whatever
Resident Evil game was big at that time
do you remember Spanish in the game no
were you dude I don't remember I I don't
remember anything about it I played it
for an afternoon and kill some time I
remember thinking that it was kind of
fun and that's the first and only time
I've ever played any Resident Evil games
we are you in space but before the
thanks Jay this is you've made it far
enough to at least no matter if you beat
the mothership or not you've redeemed
yourself from somebody yeah
Sunday's replay know something
he blamed me shit talkin Farscape wow
that seems pretty reasonable oh my god
and I'm sorry guys I did I forgot to
tweet again I forgot to tweet that we
were streaming I apologize oh my god
right we were we got we got like almost
800 people without any sort of
notification yeah that's pretty good I
mean this is I I mean I tweeted this
afternoon what time we were streaming
about hmm
but I did not tweet at the start of the
stream and I do app on I'm looking I'm
checking my Twitter now and I really do
apologize for that thank you guys for
coming out anyway also apparently we
missed a sub tears HTML Tyr s HTML very
sorry but we really appreciate did I
miss any more while I was apologizing
for missing one I don't know operation
turtle strike says Jack that's it
everything is so wacky how did you how
did you see that amidst all the the spam
that were clearly ignoring how did you
find that comment I am reading in
between the lines that's what I'm doing
against me saying that is kind of the
answer to the spam isn't it have I seen
danger 5 yes there you go absolutely the
answers yes
I've heard a little bit about danger fog
I don't know what it is doesn't do it
does anyone know what it is I've heard
it's a danger I want to say it's a TV
show like a British show or something I
don't know I've heard of it yes I have
not maybe I've seen it is it just is it
a two-minute Internet video then yes
I've seen it no I think it's a TV show I
don't think it's an American TV show but
I think it's a show yeah I think so the
answer is clearly we're all big fans of
danger 5
that's all been downhill since danger
three absolutely no series like you know
you get the three and that's where it
kind of Peaks right first third date
your cousin little area come on bad
cousin Larry does anyone remember Danger
Mouse yes did you know the Danger Mouse
cartoon that was made in the 80s was
done by John Kricfalusi the guy that did
Ren and Stimpy know it before a run and
Stimpy yeah you did Danger Mouse huh I
wish when you said do you remember
Danger Mouse I thought you were talking
about the electronic producer who made
the Gorillaz album
I wasn't dangerous
oh no I'm not Danger Mouse Mighty Mouse
is what I'm thinking there we go
fuck you worry got it grandma eighties
cartoon of Mighty Mouse which was of
course been around for much longer than
that but even the eighties iteration of
it he went on to do run as hippy see you
work subconsciously thinking about the
gorillas I was oh I like the girls I
don't have any other albums or but what
I've heard I like that I believe it was
Danger Mouse that did their second album
okay
that's all I know
I want to say Dan the Automator
produced their first mmm I don't know
just seen words though I also I don't
know nothing about nothing
Oh dick neutral ralph bakshi had
something to do with Mighty Mouse too
well that's even more amazing I need to
go back and revisit that I won't but but
I should there are things like that
where it's like I love this as a kid but
I know if I go back to revisit it it's
not gonna be worth my time even if it's
good I don't think it will be all of
pee-wee's Playhouse is on Netflix right
now which is a great show and meant a
lot to me as a kid but I no no I mean
I'm sure it holds up for what it is but
as someone my age I just can't imagine
just sitting around watching pee-wee's
Playhouse
apparently Danger Mouse was the kids TV
show back in the day yeah I remember
that's why I was sick why would you
don't us we both said oh yeah I remember
that but I was I meant Mighty Mouse
oh no there was danger there was a
danger house in addition to that but I I
was confused
okay Jay was confused there's multiple
things come on German and also I was
typing and I don't have the mental
fortitude to type and listen at the same
time so I haven't heard a word you guys
say for the past minute okay so that's
all I got
welcome shit's gettin weird to them
breathing Channel oh my god yeah oxygen
the oxygen channel that is the channel
you missed it you guys blew it i 100%
blew it and I acknowledge that I blew it
that's great
this is something and rich brings this
board did you bring it from home or is
this just something that's here there is
just a piece of wood that rich brings
from home really I thought that was just
shit that was later on the students you
have a designated piece of junk wood
right all right this is functional it is
just undies are just pieces of wood at
the studio you can just grab it it's
right in that bry desk I use it all the
time for this kind of stuff all right
it's it's weird it does just because
it's all right it's so weird I'm losing
my game you sure do it
you know what just do it
oh no they're saying we need to get on
the trolley just let you use the piece
of wood ie cream fuck I agree oh yes we
did set up a previously recorded Steam
account previously recorded dot rlm at
gmail.com
if you send game gifts to that email
address we will receive them I don't
know you know what I don't know did you
hear about how upset people are about
the WWE thing yeah do you remember we
there there was a little bit of that
Smackdown or Royal Rumble or whatever I
haven't watched this whole Colgin yeah
well we happened to be out the other
night in a bar that was playing the
Royal Rumbles yeah it's related to that
okay is what you're saying
yes okay apparently whoever won that was
not who the majority of fans thought was
going to win or who wanted to win okay
and so people are so upset that they
faked wrestler that they wanted to win
didn't win that they've been cancelling
their subscriptions okay this is it
that's so not like there was no cheating
involved obviously because wrestling's
fake right but it was just
we're upset that the outcome of this is
not what we wanted yep
no kind
some some guy big guy won the big the
big guy who wears a lot of black one and
everyone wanted the doofy guy with the
beard to win you know you don't always
get what you want no and you're not the
writer of the show just because your
show didn't turn out the way you wanted
it to fuck man
yeah that happens yeah lost fucking blew
it
that Cyril blew it but they brought back
won't even think product bag oh oh
that's right you didn't like the any of
us I like that oh that's what I'm
talking about I hated the ending of laws
that was a great everyone's friends and
happy together forever
ah they all love each other bullshit
they all love each other hey that's
great good for them but that's the thing
like I know there are some people that
will defend the ending of loss but a lot
of people hated it yes and it's like
well that was in do you wanna go back
and reshoot the ending exactly exactly
so now so there's this huge thing and
people are pissing and moaning so what
do they want new do they want a rematch
where they get the results that they
want
it's all fucking fake so do a rematch
and then never gonna get what they want
but the only reason they got it is
because they want like who cares yes
that's the weirdest thing to be upset
about that yes yes I mean I'm not a
wrestling fan and I know some wrestling
fans are very passionate about it but
still I think most sane wrestling fans
understand what it is but there's a
story that happens yeah characters and
whatnot
yeah yeah I know it's it's been this
huge deal especially and it's from a
slightly more interesting perspective is
now that fans
are paying a monthly subscription they
feel slightly more entitled oh that
happens yeah and it's just like you're
you're paying to watch the thing that
they produce yeah there's there's no
guarantee that your favorite wrestler
will win right right you know yeah yeah
pain for a subscription does not make
you a part of the creative process no no
you are so I guess if you are upset and
you want to stop paying for that
subscription that's the answer yes I
guess when you put it that way but like
again like what do they want a rematch
yes you'll just take another group of
people upset now that they're exactly
yeah winning yeah this is the real thing
no and by the way I don't know what I'm
talking about
we did see some with the Royal Rumble on
the television we did see some of it and
I've been trying to catch up to the news
but I read so much of these articles
about professional wrestling and it
makes me cry oh my god I respect the
athleticism of professional wrestler
professional wrestlers are really strong
and I like that about them know the
athleticism of professional wrestlers it
takes a lot of skill it takes skill to
do what they do
absolutely I'm not I'm not bashing
wrestling fans I just know nothing about
wrestling and I've been trying to
decipher why people
are so upset and what it seems to me it
boils down to a guy didn't win that I
wanted to win okay so are people on the
chat saying that's wrong I'm sure it's
more intricate than that because they're
wrestling fans now sure but now hey we
made it to the final level it's true but
everyone knows that now like there's no
there's no secret now like for what the
funny thing though is like like there
are people that are really into
wrestling and they appreciate it for the
things you said like the you know the
the skill and the athleticism look at
what they do even though it is fake the
best of the people that are really into
wrestling but then get told by somebody
that isn't a wrestling fan like you know
wrestling's fake right as if is if they
don't know at this point right like
you're talking to a grown-ass man yeah
why the great gravedigger is not real
just like related to that did you know
that boyhood did you know that movie
took 12 years to make 12 years jack did
you know that I mean it was only like a
week every year but that 12 years there
is I have so little fox boy I appreciate
all of your jokes the only reason we
keep doing at this fight that people are
like you guys must be really blood hurt
that no one agrees with you're like no
it's not even that it's just we just
think it's funny to keep going about it
the first two hours are okay and then
out from then he turns into a miserable
tour yeah I have a very low tolerance
for art and from it's not even that like
it's not like some abstract move I mean
it's very straight forward
it's oh overly simplistic and that's the
thing and that's the Richard Linklater
is like that or he just makes these very
very simple you know characters doing
stuff right before sunrise before sunset
movies and I like those cuz I like those
characters I like the kid in boyhood
I don't like but it's but it's now it's
like people are making it seem like oh
it's just this epic journey of a boy
growing into a young man and like no
it's another Richard Linklater movie
words just some people doing things like
people are and changed their perception
on it because they just shot over such a
long period of time and I don't know I'm
done with boyhood I guess I don't yeah
that's what they're saying is what's the
when did you guys start shooting the
first trailer for space I know when our
first full trailer is going to be
when was the first fit space cop 2008 or
2009
okay right around there I'm gonna hear
YouTube right now well then that's not
accurate though as far as when that
trailer results okay we shot we shot it
after the recovered so I want to say it
was around 2009 okay so not 12 years why
but we can still advertise it as bean
machine yeah so it's 50 so six six years
yeah six year did you know it took six
years to make space cop that's right
space cop is so half as good as Boyle so
by definition boyhood will be twice as
good you know I'll take that well and
we're for anyone I see some people going
wait it took six years to make they
started filming the original trailer no
no we we shot the original space cop we
shot a day and a half on it right and
everything fell apart and it was it was
a disaster Rich's eye swelled shut from
cat allergy right and people that were
supposed to show up for shoots didn't
things are much more slapdash back
though he's just fell apart so that was
yeah the original space cop was a day
and a half in 2008 or 2009
now to the current the Korean space cop
from the first shoot was in September of
last year okay well no not last year
last year's 2014 so September of 2013
okay a little over a year here omits
doing other things okay oh sorry hey I'm
sorry I'm sorry
here Tatsu thank you for subscribing and
thank you for making me interrupt J now
I'm a jerk oh my god mothership
mothership I'm moving in what you moving
in to attack oh I thought that was like
a pun for like you're the mothership I'm
moving it mothership moving on doesn't
run at all no I didn't I didn't I didn't
I do that's right Duke Nukem Forever
took 15 years to make does that make it
the boyhood of video games absolutely
yes yes eraser hood eraser hood boy hood
eraser it no someone else planned this
out via eraser head took like six or
seven years to make oh yeah yeah and
that's more impressive to keep track of
cuz you have someone that's supposed to
be the same age the whole movie you have
Jack the jack man's character seven
years he got to make sure cuz he has the
goofy big hair then you got to keep
track of that and for several years also
eraser has amazing and boy that's boring
that's pizza guy
we don't know half-life 3 is taking 8
years to make we don't even know if
they're making it we can't say it we
can't talk about it we don't even know
if they're working on a notoriously well
they know when they announce half-life 2
wasn't like before they were done oh
there were early premieres of half-life
2 that people were really disappointed
by so they had to go back to the drawing
board I couldn't remember maybe I'm
wrong ever I remember being fairly close
the amount of the voice good I mean I
from what I remember they they announced
it showed some early tests before they
updated the source engine I don't know
you know who will tell us the chat
I think the chat tell us half-life 2
leaked early 2003 so they redid parts of
it that's what I found that alright and
it came out in 2004 so we maybe we could
go a little right no I thought it a
beautician I thought I remember the
half-life 2 early leeks being like
unfinished or less than like they didn't
look good and so they they had to like
tighten stuff oh I might be thinking
about Team Fortress 2 here the original
showing of Team Fortress 2 at a very
different art styles
demo weasels is rich the picked-up XCOM
enemy within and was sucking ass until I
saw you backseat game for Jack so thanks
is why I Mexican maxi games the good of
everyone
absolutely who's my favorite superhero
it's fight or me oh god I sipped up my
hoodie and no people are wondering if
sex is happening
oh they heard zipping noises I like
spider-man my favorite superheroes did
you get myself I sang a little song
about my favorite superhero spider-man
it should be
and my second favorite superhero is face
down space cops not a superhero he's a
space cop you know everyday space cops
gonna be here okay well when you put it
that way
space cops space firefighters there
every day heroes in space who's my least
light superhero Superman fuck that guy
Superman's boring I think so yeah now is
that the Bible Man character or is it
the performance of Bible man by Willie
Aames no I think I think Superman
started out as a neat idea you know very
simple basic strength right then they
just kept adding shit now he's got laser
vision now he's got freeze breath now we
can fly did you notice it getting colder
in here yeah this looks someone turned
the fucking heat off who did that when I
don't know I just noticed it was off
when we turn it up when we were filming
did you not turn it back on Mike turn it
off
why did he turn it off before we started
filming oh okay so somebody turn it off
because you were filming and then no one
turned it back on that's what happened
damn it no water it's so cold in here
it's so cold in the deep look that up on
YouTube if you haven't seen it it's
amazing that's my favorite rap song
strip you've seen it right it's great
great on the music video for that just
says the best cinematography I've ever
seen in a music video I think I played
that on the stream once one of the new
years are one of the the December
streams I think
well this devil says when he was 10
Bible man came to church that was it the
real Bible man though where did he touch
you is that a legitimate question no he
touched him in his heart yeah and
convinced him to do charity work yeah
I'd love the concept of Bible man yeah
because you can see I could see an
entire group of people really rallying
around that idea how should they made a
number of videos about it so no one of
our guerrilla interrupted sequels had a
Bible man character in it yeah yeah I
don't know if we ever gave a name but it
was supposed to be it was a reference to
my babe I know at some point I'm just
gonna get hit with some kind of like
laser blast or something as plastic
costume was gonna like yeah melt into
his skin and burn him yeah because he's
not a real superhero he's just a guy in
a costume
we lost our Mantis but give us food the
greater good sure it was sacrificed to
fill the
now I just have it so cold Mindy I'm so
sorry
literally I was just sitting here like
watching rich playing just bobbing back
and forth going yeah that's all night
now apparently they played that cuz they
brought back beavis and butt-head do you
remember that a few years ago
yeah I'm TV brought back because
somebody and they apparently watch done
lad
so I think a lot of people are aware of
it from that which I I didn't know it's
on there I don't remember how I found it
I think someone showed it to me but it
reached a new level of Fame thanks to be
visited that D it's it gets cold in the
Vegas
so I take it Micah's not coming back to
play dr. Mario I think that's the same
yes because I preface it with not but no
one would even know that there was a
possibility if you didn't just mention
it it's fine once again
mike has mentioned his wants to play dr.
Mario and then completely flaked out
well you know things happen it's okay I
knew that he wasn't coming back as soon
as she said yeah yeah we might come back
I said oh yeah on the bright side I'm
having a great game you know you're
you're doing it I don't need to go to
that stores resupply that's great good
oh my god you really did lose my Mantis
but
are you finishing that thought what no
I'm not okay no my things are going whoa
there we go there you go thank you I did
lose my Mantis bud Oh was on I'll get
right on this trolley don't you worry
you be the boolean a 90's children's
film was I believe that villain telling
a he-man villain right no like I'm like
it like the little kids in elementary
school and one of the kids getting
picked on by the bowl what else would it
be
I don't I don't know if that's right but
I know I have the giant bee man B or B
or no I'm gonna Google B he-man
character we come up with here buzz off
yeah that's the thing
I totally had that guy I did not realize
that was his name you want rich to take
power out of autopilot you can't you
can't that wouldn't do anything yeah and
you might not know the game so all the
stuff on the left side at lower left
seventh screen is interchangeable all of
those green power series you can
reorganize to give more power to some
systems and take power away all the
green power squares on the lower right
hand side that's a one-time buy you
cannot redistribute that the more you
know big fat fatty fat fat thank you for
subscribing we very much appreciate it
I find that name offensive yeah that's
fat shaming yeah yeah I got a big
problem with that
ya know I feel like that's a reference
to something big fatty fat fat fat
that bomb girls no not Freddie that fat
sorry they'll you've made the name
samosas name the guys big big fatty fat
fat fatty fat fat I mean such a naughty
Danny left along with big fat fatty big
fat fatty is one think it off could be
that's what I'm thinking of big fat
fatty fatty fatty yeah you know what
what dollar sounds somewhat similar but
not quite identical okay
big fat Betty big fat Betty you you
you're talking diet doctor awesome thank
you for subscribing and thank you for
coming back for two months we appreciate
it it might have been a reference to
something I you know I remember who was
I talking to I want to say it was Mike
we were having this conversation Mike
about Queen he's like everyone remembers
Queens hits but you know no one
remembers that b-sides at their lower
stuff and I was like those are still
great oh who cares people will remember
more awesome yeah that's the case with
most bands they have the popular songs
and they have the songs that you know
love people that pay more attention
wasn't there absolutely that's every Big
Ben
Oh big fat fatty fat fat says I'm not
fat shaming I'm no well we have been
spending most of the stream talking
about vegetables remember that room when
we're talking about vegetables sex Alton
oh that's what you call that's what you
call a prostitute skeleton mmm a sexual
dinner okay
my army of sex Sultan's fuck all of the
dread-nots the worst idea for a
children's show I've ever heard how am i
holding this sword I have no muscles his
funny muscles just not this face oh
that's right yeah you did that muscle he
wasn't actually skeleton or a skeleton
head your beefcake is that what you said
that is what I said he shot a thing it's
okay I'm almost done talking about
vegetables shit's getting crazy it's
true you know it's really good speaking
of healthy foods there's these things
called Benito's it's chips made out of
out of black beans is that true yeah
they're delicious
fucking
and down yeah yeah you gotta pick and
save they're really good
I get the chipotle BBQ yeah chips made
from black beans you're looking for a
healthy ish snack bean ito
oh my god save order those or the sweet
potato corn chips are really good
nothing on the sweet potatoes oh sweet
potatoes are fucking great I did the
super gross really all done
no no I like sweet potatoes that's okay
I accept their you have a different
palate a lot of people like super-dead I
never got him now I think I had an
unfortunate incident as a younger person
with sweet potatoes okay we're like we
never had them yeah because apparently
mom my mom just didn't make them so at a
Thanksgiving dinner there were sweet
potatoes and in my head because I didn't
know what they were I just thought their
ego fails as a regular mashed potatoes
and sweet potatoes mix them together oh
that's weird and took a big scoop fall
and it ruined everything
so I think I still have that linger okay
see I found like family gatherings like
Thanksgiving and stuff yeah whoever
makes the sweet potato whatever dish
it's always mashed sweet potatoes but
they always add like sugar and like like
brown sugar and it becomes like and
Marcy yeah it becomes like the super
sweet almost like dessert dish yeah and
like I don't like that like I don't like
super sweet things anyway yeah like I I
just like chopped up sweet potatoes and
and just just you know serum in a pan
and eat them and it's fucking delicious
it's crazy
Donna it's really good I don't
understand you I don't understand me I
like listen all I know yeah is I like
sweet potatoes
no no I just like so you potatoes great
I don't know if this is a controversial
opinion or not but you know it is is it
there's gonna be people who like yeah J
sweet potatoes fuckin rule they're gonna
be like J you are wrong I lost all
respect for you on because of your
stance on sweet potatoes how could you
man yes and sinnerman sweet potatoes are
low in carbs it makes them much much
better than mashed potatoes or any sort
of potato sweet taste so you don't have
a sweet taste they don't leave us wheat
taste if you add fucking marshmallows
and sugar - no it's not it's not sweet
like a sweet potato they're called sweet
potatoes but they're not sweet I'm
trying to think of I'm trying to
describe the taste it's not a very
strong flavor but I like it it's cuz
like a you know since then I've had like
sweet potatoes and you know sweet potato
fries stuff like that yeah what is the
taste it's like a someone tell me what
they taste like i I I'm trying to
describe - for someone who has not had
sweet potatoes in a while which
apparently rich yeah yeah I don't know
how I would describe the taste of it
would you just tastes like sweet
potatoes like almost a little caridy a
little bit maybe a little like a cooked
carrot what's this going to be potatoes
would just say they taste like ass I
think so I am upset about J's opinion on
sweet potatoes that's clever
that's good nailed it good job nailed it
who said that
Tim Salomon's good job congratulations
yes this is redemption good job ray
first Sunday
oh yeah like it like like a mix between
a carrot and a nut that's what a sweet
potato is not a carrot Neddy it's weird
I don't like it it's weird because I
like them because they're really good
for you it makes me feel things and
thinks babies feel like doing anything
else what can I do after that now
nothing that was pretty incredible we're
right now in debating sweet potatoes I'm
gonna put this out there I think we've
run out of this is that a pretty crazy
night as far as conversation topics pink
I think we need to settle down reconvene
next week
yes core like you were a good pilot -
you'd add as many shots yes just what a
good pilot does yes Oh a reminder to
everyone Sunday we are doing a Super
Bowl yes football European friendly
stream we will be streaming starting at
1 o'clock p.m. Central Standard Time
shit's gettin crazy we're gonna play
football games and football games we're
gonna play football games and football
games yeah that's funny
you know like football is if you say
football games and football games it's
funnier because they're both the same
word it would be funnier if I said the
the different one is that we're gonna
play football games and football you can
see just like football games and the
lame one subscribed Oh detective fat
detective thank you for subscribing Oh
Jay with a rare shout-out yeah I don't
know what's happening ever but I did it
you did it Jay I saw it on the screen
and it happened you t2g football and
football
I think same football the same way both
times as funny yes sure yes I like to I
likes football
no it's not yeah but I've done other
funny things maybe Sunday early stream
is the point of story I don't care about
this joke anymore no I'm not going I
would like if you wanted an alarm clock
okay no the joke is that rich will have
to get up by noon that's that's tough
that's tough that's tough for some
people it's specifically rich um I don't
even care about the Superbowl anymore
that Packer game destroyed my soul you
could come here and play are you doing
it before the Super Bowl or just during
the Super Bowl
I don't need because I know you don't
care about the Super Bowl I don't know
when the Super Bowl is okay it's it's
later in the day
okay a little bit later what an
embarrassment
that was insane do you remember what off
wanna see Hawks had the most spectacular
comeback in in postseason football
history yeah you know they're never
gonna forget that yeah that's gonna be a
highlight for years to come absolutely
not upset and an teams finding a way to
lose yep yeah yeah it's all you're right
I know I understand these things
you you you mark the Bears but I've
never seen I think I'd choose my season
over yours in hindsight no no the
Packers had a great season I will say I
watched that last game at a bar I've
never heard a bar get so quiet
when that game was over it was like dead
silence and everybody was just sitting
there like staring at the floor victory
it was so it was oh that was miserable
they're saying that the game is that
like 6 p.m.
yeah that's usually better I don't you
know well we'll talk to the chat if they
want us to stop if they're gonna watch
the game we'll still have it done we'll
do whatever you guys want it'll be crazy
town but we figured because it's
European friendly many of them might not
be American football we don't know we're
not into American football I'm not I
don't even know what the super boys it's
pretty it's super yeah in any case
that's all we'll be around and we're we
should leave now to be done good night
everybody
